
===== PAGE 1 =====
                                                                                         Ref: BIRLANU/SE/2026-27/11
May 19, 2026

To                                                         To
BSE Limited                                                National Stock Exchange of India Limited
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                  5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),
Mumbai – 400 001                                           Mumbai – 400 051
Scrip Code: 509675                                         Scrip Symbol: BIRLANU
Through: BSE Listing Centre                                Through: NEAPS

Sub: Transcript of Investors’ Conference Call on Q4 & FY26 Financial Results
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
     (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)

In continuation to our letters dated May 7, 2026 and May 13, 2026, please find enclosed herewith
transcript of the Analysts/Investors’ Conference Call held on May 13, 2026 on the audited
standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31,
2026. The copy of said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at
www.birlanu.com.

Yours faithfully,
For BirlaNu Limited
(formerly HIL Limited)
NIDHI Digitally  signed
        by NIDHI BISARIA

BISARIA Date: 2026.05.19
        12:50:27 +05'30'

Nidhi Bisaria
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. F5634

Encl. as stated




                               PIPES CONSTRUCTION CHEMICALS PUTTY ROOFS WALLS FLOORS

                                            BirlaNu Limited (formerly HIL Limited)
                 Corporate Ofﬁce: BirlaNu Limited, 6th Floor, Birla Tower, 25 Barakhamba Rd, New Delhi - 110001
                              Registered Ofﬁce: Ofﬁce No. 1 & 2, L7 Floor, SLN Terminus, Sy. No. 133,
                           Near Botanical Gardens, Gachibowli, Hyderabad - 500032, Telangana, India.
                 CIN: L74999TG1955PLC000656 +91 40 6824 9000 customercare@birlanu.com www.birlanu.com

===== PAGE 2 =====
                                               BirlaNu Limited
            Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript
                                                    May 13, 2026
Moderator:                  Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to BirlaNu Limited's
                            Earnings Conference Call.

                            As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode
                            and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
                            presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
                            conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then
                            zero on your touchtone phone.

                            I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mit Shah from CDR India.
                            Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Shah.

Mit Shah:                   Thank you, Sagar. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and
                            welcome to BirlaNu Limited's Q4 and FY26 earnings conference call
                            for investors and analysts.

                            Today, we have with us Mr. Akshat Seth, Managing Director and
                            CEO of the company; and Mr. Ajay Kapadia, Chief Financial Officer.
                            We will first have Mr. Akshat Seth make his opening remarks, and
                            he will be followed by Mr. Ajay Kapadia, who will take you through
                            the financial perspectives.

                            Before we begin, I would like to point out that certain statements
                            made in today's call could be forward-looking in nature, and details
                            in this regard are available in the earnings presentation, which has
                            been shared with you earlier.

                            I would like to invite Mr. Seth to present his views on the
                            performance and strategic imperatives that lie ahead. Thank you,
                            and over to you, sir.

Akshat Seth:                Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. It’s my pleasure to
                            welcome you all on BirlaNu's Quarter 4 and FY26 Earnings Call.

                            Just before we get into numbers, it is also important that we reflect
                            back on the year gone by, which in many ways was a landmark year
                            for us. It offered a significant inflection point in our strategic journey.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                            Page 1 of 21

===== PAGE 3 =====
                           This was the year we completed our transition from what was
                           known as HIL to BirlaNu, and that brought together a full breadth
                           of our offering across Pipes, Construction Chemicals, Putty, Roofs,
                           Walls and Floors under one identity. This transformation reflects our
                           collective ambition to be a leading global provider of innovative and
                           sustainable home and building solutions.

                           Another significant highlight for the year was the acquisition of
                           Clean Coats. This was a strategic step defined to strengthen our
                           portfolio in Specialty Construction Chemicals and high-
                           performance Coatings, and it brought together Clean Coats
                           technical expertise, proven formulation and export capability with
                           our strong brand presence, market reach and institutional
                           relationships. The acquisition is a step forward in our commitment
                           to double our portfolio over the next few years and also marked
                           continued progress in reshaping our portfolio towards more value-
                           added and differentiated offerings. For our shareholders, this
                           transaction offers significant long-term value creation through
                           deeper participation in a fast-growing high-value segment of
                           specialized Construction Chemicals.

                           Let me now move towards the performance for Q4, and I will talk
                           about the larger picture and then get into the individual segments.
                           FY26 financially reflected both resilience and agility of BirlaNu. The
                           business operated in a challenging environment marked by
                           subdued demand conditions, pricing pressures, heightened
                           competitive intensity and uncertain geopolitical situation. You
                           would recall, we started the year, and quarter 1 was a difficult one,
                           there were demand-related challenges and pricing-related
                           challenges in the market and we ended the year when the impact
                           of the Middle East war and crisis was looming large and that, in
                           many ways, sums up the external environment for the year. Despite
                           these headwinds, we strengthened our market position through
                           deeper market penetration, focused efforts on improving
                           operational efficiency and disciplined cost management.

                           I am happy to say we enter FY27 with a strong momentum on both
                           growth and profitability and the evidence of that comes from our
                           performance in Q4 for the India business. So, for the full year, our
                           consolidated revenue was Rs. 3,730 crores with volume growth
                           across most segments. If we zoom in to quarter 4, the revenue was
                           Rs. 1,010 crores, which represents a growth of 9% over last year and
                           an 18% growth quarter-on-quarter, so compared to quarter 3.

                           On standalone basis, which is much of the India business now, we
                           clocked revenue of Rs. 2,427 crores during the year. The significant




BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                      Page 2 of 21

===== PAGE 4 =====
                           milestone or achievement was on EBITDA front, where we have
                           grown by 39% to reach an EBITDA of Rs. 146 crores. Much of this was
                           driven by Q4 performance, where the standalone revenue was
                           Rs. 625 crores, growing at about 8% and a margin expansion of
                           nearly 400 basis points, 380 basis points to be precise. This
                           performance was despite the ongoing Middle East conflict that
                           created a challenging operating environment across our
                           businesses and segments, with volatility in energy and logistics
                           costs impacting both input prices and overall market sentiment.

                           Let me now briefly touch upon the segmental performance.

                           One standout segment for us in India this year was the Walls
                           segment, which delivered solid performance consistently through
                           the year. During Q4, the segment recorded a revenue growth of
                           over 13% and for the full year, a 14% growth. This was led by robust
                           volume expansion, especially in the Boards and Panels segment.
                           Despite continued pressure on realization, the business was able to
                           mitigate impact on margins through disciplined cost management
                           and operational efficiencies.

                           Construction Chemical, probably the youngest part of our portfolio,
                           is on a strong growth momentum. This segment, including Clean
                           Coats, delivered growth of about 58% year-on-year in quarter 4 and
                           45% for the full year. With the addition of Clean Coats, we have
                           further strengthened our product portfolio and enhanced our
                           ability to offer a more comprehensive and value-added range of
                           solutions such as high-performance corrosion coatings, epoxy and
                           PU flooring, waterproofing and products for repair and
                           rehabilitation. This positions us and our business for scalable and
                           profitable growth in the years ahead.

                           In Roofs segment, where we are established market leaders, we
                           have reinforced our leadership position while maintaining a
                           premium on pricing and profitability relative to the market and
                           competition. During Q4, we delivered revenue growth of 8% year-
                           on-year and 18% relative to quarter 3. This performance represents
                           a strong bounce back from H1 where both demand and pricing
                           conditions were weak.

                           The Pipes segment witnessed a challenging operating
                           environment throughout the year, with demand conditions
                           impacted by lower government spending and liquidity challenges.
                           The sharp decline in resin prices, which reached multiyear lows, led
                           to significant pricing pressures. This was followed by the month of
                           March, where we witnessed a sharp increase, nearly 60% in a short
                           span of 3 to 4 weeks. In this challenging and volatile environment,



BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                     Page 3 of 21

===== PAGE 5 =====
                           the performance during Q4 stood out as revenues increased
                           significantly. We grew nearly 30% over quarter 3. More importantly,
                           the EBITDA margins expanded sharply by about 1,300 basis points
                           year-on-year due to sustained cost actions, higher realization and
                           some positive impact of inventory revaluation. We are confident
                           that in this segment, there is now a strong momentum with us and
                           going forward, we will continue to drive on both growth and
                           profitability.

                           Parador navigated a tough year marked by weak demand in key
                           European markets, softer pricing and input cost inflation. Full year
                           revenues while being steady to a marginal decline in Euro terms,
                           overall profitability suffered because of an unfavourable product
                           mix, higher material cost and certain one-off expenses. Looking
                           forward to FY27, we see clear momentum in growth and margins
                           driven by deeper European retail penetration, rising contributions
                           from new markets like the U.S. and targeted pricing moves and the
                           full benefits of the cost optimization that was done in FY26.

                           Beyond numbers, there are a few things to look forward to, which
                           will fundamentally improve both the growth trajectory and the
                           profitability of the portfolio we carry.

                           The first one is a program that we ran with BCG, focused on some
                           of our key product segments, which was a comprehensive value
                           enhancement exercise. The idea was to identify and implement
                           larger pools of P&L impact opportunities. We are already seeing and
                           some of it is visible in quarter 4 results, incremental benefits flowing
                           through with the full savings set to materialize from FY27 onwards.
                           In addition, we have undertaken several internal initiatives across
                           our business to tightly control cost and streamline processes,
                           bolstering competitive margins and resilience against external
                           uncertainties.

                           On the investment front, execution remains on track across our key
                           strategic projects. The new boards plant we are setting up in
                           Nellore, Andhra Pradesh is advancing well and is on track as far as
                           defined execution milestones are concerned. Similarly, the OPVC
                           facility in Patna is now fully commissioned. Our innovation engine
                           continues to remain a key differentiator for us, enabling us to
                           consistently introduce value-added and differentiated solutions
                           across businesses.

                           During FY26, we launched several new products across categories
                           such as designer boards, premium blocks, to name a few. These
                           received encouraging market response and further strengthened
                           our premium portfolio. Building on this momentum, we have an



BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 4 of 21

===== PAGE 6 =====
                            exciting pipeline of innovative and differentiated offerings planned
                            for FY27, which we believe will further strengthen our market
                            positioning and support long-term profitable growth.

                            As we move into the new financial year, our focus remains firmly on
                            strengthening market leadership, driving operational excellence
                            and delivering sustainable profitability. While we remain mindful of
                            the evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, we
                            believe the organization today is more resilient, more agile and
                            future-ready and it is well positioned to create long-term
                            sustainable value for all stakeholders.

                            With that, I conclude my opening remarks, and I invite Ajay to take
                            you through the financial and operational details. Ajay, over to you.

Ajay Kapadia:               Thank you, Akshat, and good afternoon to everyone. I am happy to
                            take you through the key financial and operational highlights for
                            quarter 4 and for the full year FY26.

                            FY26 was the year of transition and strategic progress for BirlaNu.
                            The operating environment remained challenging throughout the
                            year, with continued volatility across key markets, soft pricing in
                            most categories and demand conditions that stayed uneven for a
                            large part of the year. Despite these headwinds, we delivered steady
                            operational improvement across most of our businesses, supported
                            by disciplined execution, cost optimization initiatives and
                            improving operating leverage. I believe our performance needs to
                            be viewed in that broader context.

                            Before I begin the segment-wise discussion, I would like to
                            highlight that during the quarter, we have received merger order
                            for Crestia with BirlaNu and accordingly, our standalone financials
                            are reported on merged financials numbers.

                            Let me begin with the headline numbers.

                            On a standalone basis, revenue for quarter 4 grew by 8% year-on-
                            year to Rs. 625 crores, supported by healthy volume growth across
                            most of the segments. EBITDA margins improved by nearly 380
                            basis points during the quarter, aided by stronger operating
                            leverage, the early benefits of our cost optimization initiatives and
                            dividend received from Clean Coats of Rs. 5 crores.

                            For the full year '26, standalone financial revenue grew by 2% to
                            Rs. 2,427 crores, while EBITDA increased by 39% to Rs. 146 crores,
                            supported by improved operational efficiencies, dividend received




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                      Page 5 of 21

===== PAGE 7 =====
                           from Clean Coats Rs. 22 crores and profit on sale of assets, Rs. 7
                           crores.

                           Importantly, most business delivered healthy volume growth
                           despite pricing headwinds during the year. The only exception was
                           pipes where volatility in PVC resin pipes and muted government
                           spending created a relatively difficult operating environment.

                           At the consolidated level, revenue for quarter 4 grew by 9% year-on-
                           year to Rs. 1,010 crores for the full year. Consolidated revenue stood
                           at Rs. 3,730 crores, reflecting a growth of 3% over last year.

                           Let me now take you through the segment-wise performance.

                           Starting with Roofs, the business reported revenue growth of 8%
                           during quarter 4 with revenue standing at Rs. 275 crores. For the full
                           year, revenue remained broadly stable at Rs. 1,139 crores, despite a
                           relatively weaker first half. The business continued to maintain its
                           market leadership position and pricing premium throughout the
                           year. Despite sustained pricing pressure, margins remained largely
                           stable, reflecting the continued benefits of our cost optimization
                           initiatives and operational discipline.

                           In Walls, both the quarter and the full year performance were
                           particularly encouraging. Revenue grew by 14% during the quarter
                           to Rs. 161 crores, whereas full year revenue stood at Rs. 610 crores,
                           reflecting a strong growth of 13%. This performance was primarily
                           driven by Panels and Boards segment which delivered growth in
                           the range of 20% to 25% during the year. The growth reflects
                           stronger execution, healthy order pipeline and improved utilization
                           levels at Chennai new line. Overall, the segment continues to
                           demonstrate a strong and consistent growth trajectory, which gives
                           us confidence in its long-term potential.

                           Construction Chemicals was one of the fastest-growing business in
                           our portfolio during the year. Revenue grew by 58% during quarter
                           4 to Rs. 37 crores, while full year revenue increased by 45% to Rs. 117
                           crores. I am pleased to highlight that we crossed our first milestone
                           of Rs. 100 crores revenue in this segment during the year. The
                           acquisition of Clean Coats marks our entry into the Coating
                           segment, further strengthening our product portfolio, while also
                           enabling premiumization opportunities and healthier margins. The
                           integration process is progressing well, and the segment enters
                           FY27 from a significantly stronger position than where it started the
                           year.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                       Page 6 of 21

===== PAGE 8 =====
                           In Pipes, revenue for quarter 4 grew by 4% to Rs. 147 crores.
                           However, at the full year level, revenue stood at Rs. 495 crores,
                           reflecting a decline of 8%, while volumes remained broadly flat. This
                           decline was primarily due to multiyear low PVC resin prices during
                           the year. Importantly, margins improved sharply during quarter 4
                           by nearly 1,300 basis points mainly due to steep price increase in the
                           resin prices in the month of March due to Middle East tensions,
                           while full year margins improved by 280 basis points. We expect
                           prices to stabilize over the coming months and anticipate a
                           stronger recovery in FY27, supported by increased government
                           spending and infrastructure-led demand.

                           In Parador, revenue declined by 9% year-on-year in euro terms
                           during the quarter and 7% for the full year, with the slowdown
                           primarily concentrated in the second half amid intensified
                           competition and geopolitical uncertainties across European
                           markets. During the quarter, the business reported an operating
                           loss of Rs. 35 crores, which includes a onetime severance provision
                           of Rs. 19 crores. That said, several corrective initiatives have already
                           been implemented to improve operational performance, and we
                           expect a gradual recovery through FY27.

                           I would also like to draw your attention on provision created for
                           diminution in the equity investment in BirlaNu International GmBH
                           amounting to Rs. 74 crores, which has been reported under
                           exceptional items in the standalone financial statements for the
                           quarter. This is purely reflecting our investment value in line with
                           current performance of Parador.

                           Additionally, during the year, we monetized certain non-core assets,
                           resulting in a gain of Rs. 47 crores. Excluding these accounting
                           adjustments, the underlying operational performance reflects
                           improving profitability trends and stronger cost discipline across
                           the portfolio.

                           Turning to the balance sheet, maintaining financial discipline
                           remained a key focus area throughout the year, even as we
                           continue to invest for growth during the year. Our debt stood at
                           Rs. 709 crores at the beginning of the year, increased to Rs. 929
                           crores as on December, primarily on account of investment in Clean
                           Coats acquisition as well as ongoing expansions in OPVC and new
                           Boards plant in Andhra Pradesh. I am pleased to note that through
                           focused working capital management and tighter operational
                           controls during the second half, we were able to reduce borrowings,
                           and it stands at Rs. 851 crores at the end of the financial year. The
                           direction of travel on debt reduction is encouraging, and we remain




BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 7 of 21

===== PAGE 9 =====
                            committed to maintaining a prudent and disciplined capital
                            structure in line with our internal plans.

                            The foundation we built through FY26 is significantly stronger than
                            where we started the year. We enter FY27 with improved
                            operational momentum, a more integrated business structure and
                            greater confidence in our strategic direction. We remain fully
                            committed to translating this progress into stronger financial
                            performance and long-term value creation for all our stakeholders.

                            With that, I conclude my remarks and hand the call back to
                            moderator to open the floor for questions. Thank you.

Moderator:                  Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-
                            answer session. Your first question comes from the line of Niteen S.
                            Dharmawat from Aurum Capital. Please go ahead.

Niteen D:                   Thank you for the opportunity. So, my only question and a few
                            observations is we have now taken an impairment in the European
                            subsidiary. So, in a way, it is good that this is the first recognition of
                            the problem in the subsidiary. We have already given long enough
                            rope of almost 8 years to this subsidiary. Has the time not come to
                            take a call on this subsidiary? Last year, we mentioned that this year
                            we will turn it around and make it profitable. Now some other issues
                            have come up, which affected the subsidiary materially, but not our
                            Indian operations, which did really well. So, would it not be prudent
                            to recognize the problem and take a final corrective measure in this
                            part of the business? Our management team has extensive
                            experience in business and consultancy and well qualified. So,
                            without being biased, what would you have suggested to someone
                            else going through the same situation?

Akshat Seth:                Since we are talking in indirect terms, what we would have
                            recommended to any party as consultants or external advisers, we
                            are following all of those in the case of Parador and many of them
                            are at play, some are visible, some are not visible for you. But I think
                            the only element I will say is it is going through a difficult business
                            cycle. We all recognize that there is no lack of acknowledgment on
                            that. In a business cycle like this, whatever actions have to be taken
                            are also at play. So, I want to assure you that there is no loss of
                            objectivity in that regard.

Niteen D:                   Yes. I understand that, and I appreciate the fact that we are on top
                            of the things. But if the things are not working like 8 years is not a
                            small period. We have given long enough time for this. So may be
                            some time we will have to take a final call to stop loss. We are
                            continuously making losses. I am sure that we are in hope wherein



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                          Page 8 of 21

===== PAGE 10 =====
                            we will turn it around. I am sure that some day will come. But it
                            should not be too late for us, my only comment on this.

Akshat Seth:                Understand, and I appreciate the counsel there. The only addition I
                            will make is in the seat that I sit, we act and react more than just on
                            hope. We react on data and lead indicators and what the order
                            books and pipelines are. So, rest assured that every part of this is
                            being looked at objectively and all the advice that we could give as
                            an external advisor in this situation is at play here.

Moderator:                  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Vaibhav
                            Badjatya from Honesty and Integrity Investment. Please go ahead.

Vaibhav B:                  Thanks a lot for providing the opportunity. So, I just wanted to
                            understand the prospects on the Roofing part of the business both
                            on the demand side and the cost side. So, on the demand side, if
                            you can help us understand where our product stand vis-a-vis steel
                            roofing because in galvanized process, there is a usage of LPG, and
                            we hear the reports of some disturbance of steel roofing availability
                            in the market. So great, if you can help us understand the impact of
                            this phenomenon on demand and connected to this is the outlook
                            on demand?

                            And secondly, on the cost side of the Roofing business, how rupee
                            depreciation is impacting the cost? and how do you see the
                            margins going forward in the Roofing business? If you can help us
                            understand these phenomena, that would be helpful.

Akshat Seth:                Yes. So, from a demand perspective, what we are witnessing, and I
                            can say that on the evidence of the last 2 to 3 months is there is
                            good momentum on the demand front, certainly better than what
                            it was last year and last couple of years, honestly. What are the
                            factors driving it. We believe there is some underlying resilience in
                            the rural economy which is helping. So, the demand there seems to
                            be helping at a macro level.

                            You are right that at this moment, the price differential between our
                            Roofing products and the substitute, which is steel roofing
                            products, is on the higher side given the rally that has happened in
                            steel prices and metal prices in general, and that gives us some
                            pricing headroom and also some substitution opportunity. So that
                            is also playing out. So, I think those 2 factors are helping what looks
                            like a promising demand scenario.

                            On the input cost, and rupee depreciation is a factor there. Yes, it is
                            playing out. It is impacting us because a big part of our raw material
                            cost base is imported and to that extent, there is exposure. There is



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 9 of 21

===== PAGE 11 =====
                            not just on rupee depreciation, but also the impact of freight
                            increases that will play out and given it is a mined product, increase
                            in cost of petroleum products and energy prices also have a bearing
                            on the principal price of the raw material that we get in. So, there is
                            pressure on the input side from fibre perspective and from cement,
                            which is a big raw material for us. So, there is some inflationary
                            pressure on the input cost as well.

                            We are confident that at least some part of this will be offset from
                            price corrections in the market, hopefully, and it is too early in the
                            season to make a commitment around it. But hopefully, it should
                            mean some better times as far as margins are concerned.

Vaibhav B:                  Right. I understand, I mean, you have given a good brief. But are you
                            hearing from the market that is there any shortage of steel roofing,
                            or the steel industry is somehow managing as of now and
                            availability is not an issue on the steel roofing alternative products
                            that competes with our products?

Akshat Seth:                I would not be able to comment on the availability part of that, but
                            I certainly hear, and there is enough evidence that on the pricing
                            part, there is certainly a lot of concerns.

Moderator:                  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Parikshit
                            Gupta from Fair Value Capital. Please go ahead.

Parikshit Gupta:            Thank you very much for the opportunity. I hope I am audible.

Akshat Seth:                Yes, Parikshit. Please go ahead.

Parikshit Gupta:            All right. So, my first few questions on the Pipes and Construction
                            Chemicals segment. Can you please help me with the breakup of
                            the Construction Chemicals segment? You mentioned that there is
                            a 58% growth year-on-year in Q4. Can you tell me how much
                            contribution is there from Clean Coats? and what is the growth
                            number ex of Clean Coats, please?

Ajay Kapadia:               Yes. So, without Clean Coats, the growth is 25% for full year. With
                            Clean Coats, it is 58%. Clean Coats number for the 4.5 months is
                            Rs. 20 crores.

Akshat Seth:                For quarter 4 its 58% and 45% is for full year. Correct?

Parikshit Gupta:            No, please sir, you continue with the numbers. Let me ask my
                            follow-up questions after that.

Akshat Seth:                Yes, go ahead.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                       Page 10 of 21

===== PAGE 12 =====
Ajay Kapadia:               Yes. Your other question is what is the Clean Coats number? It is
                            Rs. 20 crores for 4.5 months from the date it was acquired.

Parikshit Gupta:            And ex of this, you are saying the growth for quarter 4 is 25%, just
                            for Construction Chemicals, right?

Akshat Seth:                No, we are saying overall, including Clean Coats for the full year, the
                            growth is about 45% and for quarter 4, the growth is 58%, okay. This
                            is including Clean Coats. If you knock off Clean Coats, then at a full
                            year basis, that number is 25%.

Parikshit Gupta:            Understood. My second question on the Pipes segment. Can you
                            also help me understand the breakup of the revenue of the Pipes
                            segment? How much was it from the CPVC? I mean, the high-
                            margin segment? and how much of it was with the OPVC and
                            relatively mass segment, please?

Akshat Seth:                So OPVC is not a mass segment. OPVC is more preimmunized. Yes.
                            uPVC, so roughly the split for us in our product portfolio, we run at
                            about 39% to 40% at CPVC levels and the rest is uPVC, SWR,
                            pressure pipes and so on and so forth. So, you can think of a 40-60
                            split.

Parikshit Gupta:            Understood. Now in terms of the DGTR removing the antidumping
                            duty until the end of June, I am sure that the industry lobby is
                            routing for not extending this removal of antidumping duty. But
                            can you tell me some more detail of how the discussions are
                            happening so far?

Akshat Seth:                I would not be in a position to comment on that. I am not aware of
                            any industry lobby talking about this. So, this to our best of our
                            knowledge was government's proactive action given the volatility
                            that was experienced in the market and the impact it was creating
                            in the consuming pocket.

                            As I made a remark in my opening comments, we witnessed a
                            month of March where in 3 weeks the prices went up by about 60%
                            and then in the month of April, they again climbed back by about
                            25% to 30%. That kind of volatility is not good news for the industry
                            overall. There might be short-term profits, but it creates a slightly
                            longer-term uncertainty, which is where this step is welcome and
                            that is as far as I can comment on it.

Parikshit Gupta:            Okay. But the removal was before this entire situation in the Middle
                            East. That was in early March.

Akshat Seth:                No, sorry, you are talking about the import duty, right?




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 11 of 21

===== PAGE 13 =====
Parikshit Gupta:            Correct. Yes.

Akshat Seth:                If I remember correctly, that came in, in April, not in March. That was
                            almost 3, 4 weeks after all of this had happened is when it came. So
                            sometime in April, first 10 days of April, if I remember correctly.

Parikshit Gupta:            Okay. I will recheck my data here then and can you please also help
                            me understand the current demand environment? You mentioned
                            in your opening remarks that it has been weak through FY26. We
                            have observed that. But how does it look now, if you can shed some
                            light on that, please?

Akshat Seth:                See, you would have seen, across most companies, Q4 was better. It
                            is how we experienced it. It was better both on volume and revenue
                            and also on profitability, in fact, more so on profitability. We believe
                            we have done better than most of our peers on the improvement
                            side as far as profitability is concerned.

                            As we enter the new financial year, given this whole volatile resin
                            price environment, it is a hard one to predict. The fundamentals still
                            remain intact, but sharp increases in prices or sharp decrease in
                            prices drives abnormal behaviour by channel and stocking happens
                            and so on or destocking happens in an adverse situation. But the
                            fundamental macro demand scenario still remains intact. The
                            amount of construction and hence, the consequence of that on the
                            demand for pipes still remains where it was.

                            What we also see as a positive, if I may add, the last 2 years were
                            extremely soft as far as government spending in infrastructure, on
                            water and pipeline and JJM. From Q4, we are witnessing some
                            green shoots of recovery on that front. It is also accompanied by a
                            fresh commitment by the government in the recent budget of the
                            allocation for JJM and so on. Having said that, those allocations were
                            made in the last year and the year before that as well, but only a
                            small amount of that was actually realized. But the fact that the
                            program has been rebooted and we witnessed some positive
                            movement on ground is again a positive tailwind that we will take
                            for the industry.

Parikshit Gupta:            Okay. This is very helpful. If I may, a couple of questions on Parador,
                            please. I do understand the severance package impacting the
                            operating income. What were the other challenges in Q4? You
                            mentioned the high input prices and a softer demand environment.
                            I do get it. But from an operational perspective, were there other
                            also challenges which resulted to such a lower negative margin?




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 12 of 21

===== PAGE 14 =====
Akshat Seth:                No. So, I think operationally, there were no other challenges. Given
                            this whole war situation hit in early part of March, and if you see
                            traditionally March and quarter 4 is almost a high season for us.
                            There were a lot of orders which have been deferred. While those
                            orders still remain in our order book, they have been deferred and
                            hence, there was a negative impact on revenue. So, a large part,
                            apart from those one-off items, the reason for profitability being low
                            is essentially the drop in revenue and volumes. So, no other factor
                            or any major factor to report here.

Parikshit Gupta:            Understood and in terms of the India expansion of Parador, from
                            basic research, I could find out certain links which talk about the
                            pricing and the offerings online. But can you also help about how
                            you are positioning this product in terms of both commercial as well
                            as B2C offering of the product?

Akshat Seth:                Yes. So, it is still positioned at the premium end of the segment. It is
                            a Made in Germany product and that is the proposition that we are
                            building. The brand is centred around quality, aesthetics and that is
                            the same promise that we are making to consumers here in India.
                            Over the last 12 months, there is now a sales team which is
                            dedicated for this, and a lot of groundwork has happened in that.
                            So, we are now building a pipeline of orders, both on the
                            commercial side and also equally building a retail footprint.

                            Having said that, we recognize that much of the demand will be
                            anchored around the larger cities and metros and that is where the
                            market focus is. So, we are not trying to be everywhere. The one
                            challenge that we face, which also is, in some sense, the landed cost
                            of those products in India, is something that remains a concern. So,
                            pricing will be a critical factor and India, you are aware, is a very
                            price-sensitive market. So that is one challenge that we manage on
                            a day-to-day level, but the rest of the fundamentals and positioning
                            is as I described.

Parikshit Gupta:            I understand. In terms of comparison, may be with existing players,
                            for example, Welspun Living, I looked at their catalogue, their
                            offerings are of the similar specifications. I cannot comment on the
                            relative quality of the 2 products, but the pricing is at somewhat
                            discount to Parador. In such an environment when you have to gain
                            market share for existing players, while I understand the aspect of
                            the freight cost also being inbuilt in your product, how do you think
                            you will be able to gain growth or sustain market share when the
                            product is already priced at a premium? Can you tell me a little bit
                            about that, please?




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 13 of 21

===== PAGE 15 =====
Akshat Seth:                See, I would not comment on a specific competitor or market
                            player, not right on my part to do that, but I will just take an analogy.
                            In the automotive world, you will have a Maruti and also a Mercedes
                            playing in the market. They will have different positioning. They will
                            have different price points and different offerings in the market and
                            the market, thankfully is large enough to absorb different types of
                            propositions and for each of these companies to make a successful
                            venture out of it.

Moderator:                  Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Anubhav Goel
                            from Cosma Ventures. Please go ahead.

Anubhav Goel:               Hi, sir. Thank you for this opportunity. Sir, I have a bunch of
                            questions. Sir, for Parador, from what I understand is, in India, the
                            engagement with architects and contractors is a very long-dated,
                            tough process and then we have imports coming from China and
                            Vietnam. So, the turnaround for the next 2 years would largely come
                            from a turnaround from our European sales, correct?

Akshat Seth:                That is correct. See, compared to the scale of our European business
                            and the international business, India is just about starting up. So,
                            the fortunes of Parador is not anchored only on the India business.

Anubhav Goel:               So, sir, the European outlook, you would say is continuing to stay
                            where it was or we can see any signs of improvement there?

Akshat Seth:                You should look at some improvement and judge us on that and
                            not because the market is bouncing back, but there are certain
                            moves that we are making. One of them is to reboot our whole retail
                            presence. So, you are aware that we are very strong on the DIY side.
                            We have some retail presence and commercial is something that
                            we were starting up. Now especially in our core Central European
                            market, in the last 6 to 12 months, there has been a reboot of both
                            the teams and also differentiated product offerings through these
                            channels, which give us confidence that this year, there will be an
                            uptick in these markets coming in from there. I am talking on basis
                            of what the needs look like, what the initial traction has been and so
                            on. So that is one significant area where you should see uptick.

                            Second, on the Engineered Wood side in Europe, we are going
                            further on the premium end of the segment. What has happened
                            in that market is that the mid-end of the market has been affected
                            by cheaper imports from places like China and so on and hence, it
                            was important for us to expand our range on the premium end.
                            That work has happened, we launched that whole collection back
                            in February, and we are now rolling with that. So that is the second
                            area which is expected to give us an uptick in the core Central



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                         Page 14 of 21

===== PAGE 16 =====
                            European theatre, independent of any market bounce back. So, all
                            of this is assuming that the external environment remains where it
                            is.

Anubhav Goel:               Helpful, Sir. Got it. Can I get a breakup for the Walls sales, this
                            Rs. 610 crores split into AAC Blocks, Panels and Boards for this year
                            and last year?

Akshat Seth:                So roughly, it will be 60%, 25% and 15%.

Anubhav Goel:               60% would be Blocks and 25% would be Panels?

Akshat Seth:                Yes.

Anubhav Goel:               Okay, and Sir, for Boards and Panels, what is our current capacity
                            utilization and where can sales go towards in the next 2, 3 years?

Akshat Seth:                Actually, in both those segments, in fact, even in Blocks, we are
                            chock-a-block as far as capacity utilization is concerned and hence,
                            the increase in sales for production will come from 2 things. There
                            are some brownfield expansions we are doing, which will come on-
                            stream within this financial year, hopefully by the start or sometime
                            in Q3. So that will give us an immediate fillip on what we are able to
                            sell.

                            The second thing is the greenfield project on Boards that we are
                            putting up in Nellore will give us additional capacity and that is also
                            designed to make products which are value-added. So, we are
                            looking at HD boards, designer boards and so on. So, in this financial
                            year, those are 2 big areas, which will add capacity for both
                            production and sales.

Anubhav Goel:               Sir, between the 3, Panels and Boards would be much more
                            profitable than AAC Blocks, right?

Akshat Seth:                See, there are a lot of synergies across 3. So, we look at it as a
                            combined unit, because a lot of Boards, for instance, are fed into the
                            Panel side and so on. So, it is hard to sort of split it across the 3.

Anubhav Goel:               Sir, now just coming to Polymer, if you can just elaborate on your
                            strategy for pipes and fittings? Like you mentioned the Jal Jeevan
                            allocations and the distribution is different from our core Asbestos
                            and Boards business. So, I am guessing we are doing this via
                            distributors and unlike roofing, we do not have leading industry
                            capacities, and our range probably is lower than the leaderboard.
                            So, can this turn around and scale up over the next few years?




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                       Page 15 of 21

===== PAGE 17 =====
Akshat Seth:                Yes. So, a few clarifications first. When it comes to range, we are
                            comparable to anyone in the industry, including the largest player
                            in the country, and that is not something that was there over, say, 3
                            years ago. But in the last 3, 4 years, there has been concerted effort
                            to ensure that we are complete on our range. We carry over 3,000
                            SKUs and from CPVC, uPVC, OPVC to HDPE, the entire range is
                            available with us, point number one.

                            Point number two, we have a manufacturing footprint across all the
                            4 regions of the country, so North, South, East, West.

                            Third, we have significant capacity in our production plant. So, for
                            us to scale up from where we are to, let's say, another 30%, 40%
                            more than this, we have that kind of capacity already in. So, it does
                            not require fresh investments. So those are 3 sort of baseline items.

                            Given what the market conditions, and I am now commenting on
                            the strategy, what the market conditions were in the year that has
                            finished, FY26, we were, as a team, sharply focused on making sure
                            that all the operational efficiencies are maxed out and a lot of work
                            was done on that, which is now visible in our quarter 4 numbers.
                            Even if I discount some of these material and material cost-related
                            items which were one-off because of the price spike that happened,
                            there is still a lot of gain to be shown on the profitability side.

                            We feel that is now in a stable area and as the markets are sort of
                            looking positive, demand scenario is looking slightly better, we are
                            focused on accelerating sales. A lot of effort and initiatives have
                            gone in defining which markets we want to win. A proper sales
                            acceleration program has been underway for the last 6 months and
                            really now the focus is just to make sure that we are winning in the
                            markets that we have identified as our priority ones. You asked me
                            the strategy, strategy is essentially around sales acceleration.

Anubhav Goel:               Right. Got it, Sir. My last question for AAC Blocks, could you mention
                            which are the largest 2, 3 capacities in the industry?

Akshat Seth:                Please don’t make me do the market research. I mean, again, I can
                            talk about my capacity, right. Not right for me to talk about others.

Moderator:                  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Moksh Ranka
                            from Aurum Capital. Please go ahead.

Moksh Ranka:                Hello. There has been a structural increase in our employee cost
                            percentage post our acquisition of Parador. So as part of our BCG
                            cost-cutting program, do we like intend to do more rationalization




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                      Page 16 of 21

===== PAGE 18 =====
                            of our employee strength and like bring it back around 10% of
                            revenues, like it was earlier?

Ajay Kapadia:               Moksh, the manpower cost has not increased substantially in
                            Parador. It is, as you mentioned, EUR 1.8 million provisions created
                            for severance. At the same time, last year, forex was 90-91, whereas
                            this year, the conversion rate is 106-107. So, there is the impact on
                            account of forex conversion rate. It is largely more or less same as
                            last year in Parador.

Moksh Ranka:                No, I am talking about like before that acquisition of Parador, like as
                            a percentage of sales, it used to be around 10% and now I think it is
                            more than 15%?

Akshat Seth:                See, it is a function of also the denominator you were applying
                            between, say, 8 years ago and now. So that is also at play. Having
                            said that, in terms of both headcount and the cost of headcount, it
                            is something that we look at constantly and wherever there is
                            streamlining that needs to be done, we are always on the job.

Moksh Ranka:                Okay. And are we trying to restrict it to some percentage of it, like
                            in terms of that? And, like one more question would be how much
                            is like the maximum debt we are comfortable because leverage has
                            increased a lot in the last few years?

Ajay Kapadia:               See, if you see our equity is close to Rs. 1,100 crores at consol level,
                            whereas debt structure is Rs. 850 crores. So, we are comfortable to
                            another Rs. 200 crores, Rs. 250 crores at this point of time.

Moderator:                  Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sanjay Kumar
                            from iThought PMS. Please go ahead.

Sanjay Kumar:               Hi. First question on margins. In Q2 call, I think you had committed
                            about 150 to 200 basis points EBITDA improvement from the BCG
                            project. In Q4, on a standalone basis, we did about 4% EBITDA
                            margins. This is excluding other incomes, so roughly Rs. 27 crores
                            EBITDA. So, I guess the BCG-driven savings has already played out,
                            as you had guided for in Q2. So how do we get to a 10%, 12% EBITDA
                            range, which segments and what levers will take us there now that
                            BCG has played out? Can you give us segment-wise EBITDA margin
                            profile where we are in Q4? and where do we get to in, say, 2-, 3-year
                            period?

Akshat Seth:                On a lighter note, we can keep doing BCG type projects and keep
                            adding that. But it is a joke. See, the trick for us to get to double-
                            digits, which is where our first aspiration is to get the portfolio right
                            in terms of the mix. Without me mentioning it, you have a sense




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                         Page 17 of 21

===== PAGE 19 =====
                            basis our numbers and declarations that there are certain
                            segments which are nearer that double-digit mark and certain
                            segments which are not. So one, the indexation on that and so, for
                            instance, our focus on Construction Chemicals coming from that
                            whole belief that, that is a segment that can be in double-digits
                            EBITDA. So, it should have a reasonable share in the overall portfolio.

                            Second, our investments that are happening on the Walls side is
                            also coming from there because that is a segment even today in our
                            portfolio, probably among the higher profitable one.

                            So, getting that mix right is important and over-indexing on
                            elements which are better profitability is a key one.

Sanjay Kumar:               Okay. And Parador, I think in FY25 also, we had done a severance
                            package or a onetime package. Now you have provided another
                            EUR 1.8 million in Q4. So, is this the end of restructuring there?
                            Should we expect more severance in FY27? This is one and the
                            impairment at the Parador level itself, does it mean there are going
                            concerns for Parador, what led you to the impairment?

Ajay Kapadia:               If you see there is losses in Parador in last couple of years. The value
                            at consol level is adjusted on account of Parador losses in last few
                            years to the extent of around EUR 20 million, whereas in India, the
                            investment was at the same level, at original cost level. So based on
                            the current valuation, based on DCF model and the CCA model, we
                            have arrived the valuation and then we have worked out the equity
                            value and then adjusted the equity value investment to the current
                            equity value as per the valuation model. So that is one of the reasons
                            the impact has come only in standalone books, not in the consol
                            books.

Sanjay Kumar:               Okay. What is the residual equity value today?

Ajay Kapadia:               So, it is around Rs. 200 crores as on 31st March, our original
                            investment was Rs. 273.5 crores.

Sanjay Kumar:               Okay. And this severance, will it continue? We have been doing
                            restructuring every year. What to expect in FY27 in Parador
                            profitability?

Akshat Seth:                I think what we should expect is a bounce back on sales, which then
                            has a positive flow-through on profitability. That is the expectation
                            to carry for this year.

Sanjay Kumar:               Okay. Final question. What was the volume growth in Pipes and
                            Walls segment in Q4?




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 18 of 21

===== PAGE 20 =====
Akshat Seth:                Pipes volume growth is in the zone of about 2% to 3%. And the
                            second one was?

Sanjay Kumar:               Walls?

Akshat Seth:                Walls overall volume growth in Q4 will be a blended of about 20%
                            plus.

Moderator:                  Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Anoop
                            Nambiath with Equity Intelligence India Private Limited. Please go
                            ahead.

Anoop Nambiath: Hi, thanks for giving me the opportunity. So, my question is for
                Akshat, sir. Akshat for you, this is in line with the 2 comments that
                you alluded to previous participants asking question. Sir, you joined
                the CEO probably in 2023 and at that time the employee cost was
                around, I think around Rs. 400 crores, Rs. 411 crores. I do not
                remember the exact number, but somewhere around that range.
                And for the current financial year, I think we are closing at around
                nearly Rs. 600 crores. So, over the last 3 years or 4 years, we have
                seen a Rs. 200 crores increase in the employee cost. But despite
                that, we have not been able to drive sales. So, I would like to know
                your thoughts into this because despite paying top salaries and
                having top talent, what is that is not letting us drive the sales?

Akshat Seth:                See, first, I think the numbers you are quoting, and in general,
                            directionally, I can understand where you are coming from. So, the
                            specifics of the number I would urge you to check because they do
                            not seem to tally with what our numbers are. There is a India part
                            manpower cost and then there is a Parador part. There is also
                            currency factor that comes in and so on and so forth. So, we can
                            speak separately, but there is some bit of parsing that is required
                            there.

                            That said, the revenue growth trajectory has not been where it
                            should be. In the last at least couple of years, the focus has been to
                            put new growth engines which can drive revenue in a more
                            meaningful fashion, which is where the inorganic activities have
                            happened, which is where a lot of organic push on building new
                            markets, new product segments has been there.

                            Some of these things have a little bit of a timing angle to it in terms
                            of from germination or sowing the seeds to when the harvest can
                            be done. So maybe we are slightly earlier in this cycle. I think what
                            has happened over the last couple of quarters gives us confidence
                            that finally the growth cycle is moving, and you will see numbers




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                       Page 19 of 21

===== PAGE 21 =====
                            which are more to your liking than what it has been in the past. That
                            is number one.

                            Number two, it has also been an environment where for our
                            industry, both in India and outside India, the conditions have been
                            less than benign. So, there have been a fair amount of headwinds
                            that have also been at play.

                            And the third factor I will play is if you scratch below the surface, in
                            every product segment, there has been volume growth over the last
                            couple of years. But given the competitive situation and the pricing
                            environment, it has not translated fully on the revenue side, which
                            again is a correction that has to be done and so on. So, there are
                            some positives, but the big picture, I am not disagreeing with what
                            you are saying.

Anoop Nambiath: Sir, from an optimistic point of view, if I say that we have a capable
                team to drive the sales further higher in the coming years, would
                you agree to that? Or would that be a right statement to make? Do
                you have the confidence?

Akshat Seth:                Absolutely, unequivocally, that is what is keeping us going. The
                            teams have been both restructured, new talent has been brought
                            in and in many cases, new teams have been brought in. In many
                            cases, there is the old set of people who are still leading from the
                            front. So, there is a huge amount of confidence on the team.

                            I will again give examples. I think we can keep talking about what
                            the numbers are and somewhere, let's say, Pipe segment where we
                            have been our own critics in the past, this is also the team which has
                            delivered stellar numbers in Q4. So, with some amount of market
                            tailwind, this team has also shown evidence that it can hit the ball
                            out of the park. So, we have the right ingredients, and these things
                            also have a little bit of timing factor that comes into play. So, we
                            cannot also get ahead of the curve on that.

Anoop Nambiath: Sir, one final question, if I may add. Can I?

Akshat Seth:                Yes.

Anoop Nambiath: This is on the capital allocation, Sir, we have stated our intent to
                grow inorganically in our previous calls and I think even through the
                AGMs. And we have a stated objective of $1 billion revenue target as
                well. So, with the current capital structure, that would point to some
                sort of a fund raise or an equity fund infusion rate. And do you see
                the promoters willing to put in extra money and especially at the
                current depressed valuations, does it make sense for them to




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 20 of 21

===== PAGE 22 =====
                            consider that? I know you are from the management side, that is a
                            Board decision, but then what are the feelings that you are getting?

Akshat Seth:                So, you have already answered the question for me. I cannot answer
                            on behalf of the promoters or the Board. I think from a professional
                            management perspective, we are on the right way. There is a lot of
                            momentum, and these are topics which also get solved as we go
                            along.

                            It is not that the switch from where we are to $1 billion will happen
                            overnight. If we are on that trajectory, there will also be a much
                            better increase of cash accruals from the operations as well and so
                            on. So let that play out. On that front, at least in my position, I carry
                            no concerns and worry.

Moderator:                  Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for
                            today. I now hand the conference over to the management for
                            closing comments.

Akshat Seth:                Thank you. It has been a pleasure interacting with all of you over this
                            call. We thank you for taking the time out and engaging with us
                            today. We value your continued interest and support. And if you
                            have any further questions or would like to know anything more
                            about your company, kindly reach out to our Investor Relations
                            desk. I recognize there might be some questions that we have not
                            been able to take. So please reach out to us. We will be happy to
                            engage after the call. Thank you very much.

This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document
has been edited without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished
price sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q4 & FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                                      Page 21 of 21
