
===== PAGE 1 =====
                                                                                              Ref: BIRLANU/SE/2025-26/57
November 26, 2025

To                                                        To
BSE Limited                                               National Stock Exchange of India Limited
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                 5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),
Mumbai – 400 001                                          Mumbai – 400 051
Scrip Code: 509675                                        Scrip Symbol: BIRLANU
Through: BSE Listing Centre                               Through: NEAPS

Sub: Transcript of Investors’ Conference Call on Q2 &H1FY26 Financial Results
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015

In continuation to our letters dated November 20, 2025 and November 17, 2025, please find attached
transcript of the Analysts/ Investors’ Conference Call held on November 20, 2025 on the unaudited
standalone and consolidated financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended
September 30, 2025. The copy of said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company
at https://birlanu.com/.

Yours faithfully,
For BirlaNu Limited
(formerly HIL Limited)

NIDHI      Digitally signed by
           NIDHI BISARIA

BISARIA    Date: 2025.11.26
           16:44:44 +05'30'

Nidhi Bisaria
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. F5634

Encl. as stated




                                 PIPES CONSTRUCTION CHEMICALS PUTTY ROOFS WALLS FLOORS

                                              BirlaNu Limited (formerly HIL Limited)
                  Corporate Office: BirlaNu Limited, 6th Floor, Birla Tower, 25 Barakhamba Rd, New Delhi - 110001
                               Registered Office: Ofﬁce No. 1 & 2, L7 Floor, SLN Terminus, Sy. No. 133,
                            Near Botanical Gardens, Gachibowli, Hyderabad - 500032, Telangana, India.
                  CIN: L74999TG1955PLC000656 +91 40 6824 9000 customercare@birlanu.com www.birlanu.com

===== PAGE 2 =====
                              BirlaNu Limited
             Q2 & H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript
                            November 20, 2025


    Moderator:                 Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to BirlaNu Limited's Earnings
                               Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode
                               and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation
                               concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal
                               an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.


                               Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over
                               to Mr. Mit Shah from CDR India. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Shah.


    Mit Shah:                  Thank you, Neerav. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to BirlaNu
                               Limited's Q2 and H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call for investors and analysts.
                               Today we have with us Mr. Akshat Seth, Managing Director and CEO of the
                               company; and Mr. Ajay Kapadia, Chief Financial Officer.


                               We will first have Mr. Akshat Seth making opening comments and he will be
                               followed by Mr. Ajay, who will take you through the financial perspective. Before
                               we begin, I would like to point out that certain statements made in today's call
                               could be forward-looking in nature, and details in this regard are available in the
                               earnings presentation, which has been shared with you earlier.


                               And I would like to invite Mr. Akshat Seth to present his views on the performance
                               and strategic imperatives that lie ahead. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


    Akshat Seth:               Thank you so much, and good afternoon, everyone. Q2, typically, the monsoon
                               quarter is a low season for most of the building and construction products
                               companies. However, for us, Q2, this time signaled a clear step-up in momentum
                               with the performance during the quarter headlined by a strong improvement in
                               operating profitability.


                               At a consolidated level, we reported revenue of INR 810 crore, which represents a
                               5% growth on a year-on-year basis and achieved a margin expansion of nearly 330
                               basis points. This is despite the fact that across most of our product categories, the
                               price realization declined by 3% to 7% year-on-year. On a YTD basis, consolidated
                               for H1, the EBITDA is 20% higher than last year.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                      Page 1 of 19

===== PAGE 3 =====
                               This result has been achieved through prioritized action on profitability levers and
                               a relentless sales push despite the market continuing to provide headwinds. And I
                               want to underline the fact that the market remains difficult. The demand scenario
                               remains sluggish and the pricing remains soft across all our product categories.


                               We remain confident of further improvement in profitability with several initiatives
                               underway, and I will talk a little bit more about this. Before moving on to business
                               performance, I would like to talk about our recent acquisition of Clean Coats Private
                               Limited, which is a leading manufacturer of high-performance coatings and
                               specialized construction chemicals.


                               This acquisition is a big step towards establishing a comprehensive, differentiated
                               construction chemicals platform, that can serve a broader spectrum of customers
                               across B2B and retail channels. The transaction, which is margin accretive from day
                               one offers significant long-term potential through deeper participation in this fast-
                               growing, high-value segment.


                               The acquisition further strengthens our vision of reimagining the way India builds
                               through     innovation-led   high-performance      solutions   that   need    modern
                               infrastructure and housing needs. Let me now walk you through the performance
                               across our key businesses and the key initiatives that we are driving.


                               First, let me speak about Parador, which delivered a strong performance with a 11%
                               year-on-year revenue growth. This is despite continued challenges on the global
                               macroeconomic front and the accompanying subdued consumer sentiment and
                               tariff-related uncertainties. Operating margins for this quarter improved by 720
                               basis points on a year-on-year basis, reflecting the benefits of last year's
                               restructuring and the sustained cost discipline.


                               The other standout segment was Walls in India, which delivered a great
                               performance despite extended monsoons, lower government infrastructure
                               spending and heightened competitive intensity. Our revenues grew by over 18%
                               year-on-year in this segment, driven by strong volume growth. This is despite
                               prices being lower by 4% to 5% over last year.


                               Our operating margins expanded by 110 basis points, driven by strong cost
                               discipline and other initiatives. The Chennai Line 2, which we commissioned in
                               recent months, this is for blocks is now nearing full utilization. With a healthy order
                               book and a robust pipeline, we are confident that this segment will sustain its
                               growth momentum and deliver even stronger results in the second half of the year.


                               Our Construction Chemicals business continued its strong trajectory even before
                               the Clean Coats acquisition, and it delivered a 31% revenue growth driven by deeper




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                       Page 2 of 19

===== PAGE 4 =====
                               market penetration. With the addition of Clean Coats, we continue to strengthen
                               our product portfolio and scale this business profitably.


                               Headwinds remained acute in the Pipe segment with decadal low resin pricing,
                               extended monsoons, muted government spending and liquidity challenges. As a
                               result, revenue declined and I am now talking consolidated Pipes operations by
                               about 11%, of which volume decline was about 9%. Despite market headwinds and
                               continued pricing pressure, we improved our margins in this segment by 110 basis
                               points.


                               Going forward, we remain optimistic that with an expanded product mix, strong
                               brand visibility and strengthened distribution, the business will continue to scale
                               up and will also benefit from a better market sentiment and a market rebound.
                               Similarly, in roofs, despite a 5% revenue degrowth, we expanded our margin by 180
                               basis points. This is in the context of an estimated 4% to 5% decline in market
                               uptake and also lower realizations.


                               This was achieved through recipe optimization, rational efficiencies and disciplined
                               cost management. The strength of our brand and deep channel relationship
                               continues to hold us in good stead in the roofing segment. Overall, our outlook for
                               quarter 3 and beyond remains cautious, and therefore, several proactive measures
                               have been taken to improve the financial health.


                               Last quarter, we have started a comprehensive value enhancement exercise with
                               Boston Consulting to identify and implement larger pools of value in our P&L. We
                               expect full savings from this exercise to start becoming visible from FY'27 onwards,
                               while incremental impact is already being felt in the P&L.


                               In addition, we have taken several internal missions across our businesses to
                               control cost and optimize processes that should further help us maintain
                               competitive margins and resilience in the face of uncertain external environment.
                               With our recent rebranding, BirlaNu is well positioned to maintain momentum and
                               navigate a dynamic market environment with resilience and precision. We are on
                               track with our new OPVC facility in Patna and our ambitious greenfield project in
                               Andhra Pradesh to produce designer boards and other products.


                               Several innovative launches across categories are planned for the remainder of the
                               year, reinforcing our commitment to product leadership. Building on the progress
                               achieved in Q2, we entered the second half with renewed confidence and focus.
                               Our priorities remain clear. We have to accelerate growth across categories,
                               enhanced customer engagement and strengthen execution capabilities to
                               capture the opportunities in a demand landscape, which is expected to gradually
                               improve.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                    Page 3 of 19

===== PAGE 5 =====
                               With that, I can conclude my opening remarks. Let me now invite Ajay to take you
                               through the financial performance in detail. Ajay, over to you.


    Ajay Kapadia:              Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining. I am pleased to walk you
                               through the key financial and operational highlights for Q2 FY'26. This quarter
                               marked a clear improvement in our financial trajectory despite subdued demand
                               conditions and soft pricing scenario across several categories. Our consolidated
                               revenue for the quarter stood at INR 810 crore, reflecting nearly 5% year-on-year
                               growth and our overall profitability strengthened meaningfully with consolidated
                               EBITDA at INR 4 crore as compared to a loss of INR 22 crore in last year same period.


                               Through disciplined execution, continued cost optimization and tight operational
                               control, we delivered a meaningful step up in our profitability and strengthen our
                               overall operating performance. We expect further gains as the value enhancement
                               program being executed with BCG and with a clear focus on accelerating margin
                               expansion across the portfolios.


                               Let me now take you through our business-wise performance.


                               Starting with Roofs, the business reported revenue of INR 191 crore, a 5% decline, in
                               line with the broader market contraction, while pricing pressure persisted
                               operational efficiencies and cost actions helped us deliver a 180 basis point
                               improvement in margin, reinforcing our leadership positions and competitiveness
                               in the market.


                               The highlight of the quarter is the Walls business. This business has delivered an
                               exceptional performance with revenue growing by 18% to INR 155 crore, driven by
                               strong volume expansion across product lines.


                               Despite price erosion versus last year, margins improved by 110 basis points,
                               supported by focused cost actions and improved plant utilization. With new line in
                               Chennai now commissioned and largely ramped up, the business is well positioned
                               for a strong second half of the year.


                               In our Pipes and Construction Chemicals portfolio revenue stood at INR 155 crore,
                               representing a 6% year-on-year decline. This was primarily due to an 11% drop in
                               Pipes revenue arising from decadal low resin prices, extended monsoons and
                               muted government spending. Even in this environment, margins improved by 110
                               basis points, owing to recipe optimization, procurement efficiencies and
                               disciplined operational management.


                               Construction Chemicals continued its strong momentum, growing at the rate of
                               31% year-on-year through deeper channel penetration and sustained market
                               development. The acquisition of Clean Coats further strengthened our presence in
                               high-performance coatings and specialty chemicals market, and I am pleased to



BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                     Page 4 of 19

===== PAGE 6 =====
                               share that the business has been margin accretive from day 1 with integration
                               progressing quite well.


                               Parador delivered a strong quarter with 11% revenue growth to INR 309 crore,
                               supported by improving global demand visibility and disciplined execution. The
                               business achieved EBITDA breakeven at the year-to-date level with a significant
                               improvement compared to our last year's performance, driven by structural cost
                               actions undertaken previously and more focused approach to spending.


                               We continue to maintain strong financial discipline. The total debt stood at INR 767
                               crore with a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.65, and this will see a marginal increase
                               following the acquisition of Clean Coats. Before I close, I want to reaffirm our
                               commitment to sustain value creation. We are driving a focused agenda on margin
                               improvement, cost discipline and operational excellence. The initiatives underway
                               gives us a clear visibility of continued EBITDA improvement, and we remain fully
                               committed to strengthening profitability and cash generation in the periods
                               ahead.


                               That concludes my remarks. I now hand it back to the moderator to open the floor
                               for questions. Thank you.


    Moderator:                 Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session.
                               Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and 1 on the attached phone.
                               If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and 2.
                               Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and
                               gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.
                               Participants, you may press star and 1 to ask a question. Ladies and gentlemen, you
                               may press star and 1 to ask a question. The first question is from the line of Niteen
                               Dharmawat from Aurum Capital.


    Niteen Dharmawat:          Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is related with the BCG
                               implementation that we are doing and you mentioned that the benefits will get
                               accrued from the next financial year. So, can you please highlight what kind of
                               benefits we are expecting at the EBITDA level from this implementation? And how
                               do you see this in the current year in case there is anything coming up with this
                               financial year as well?


    Akshat Seth:               Yes. So, this is a comprehensive exercise that looks at every line item below gross
                               revenue. So, RM is also part of it. Overall, the focus is on the Walls and the Pipes
                               segment and also on the putty segment. The expected envelope given the cost
                               base, etc. the envelope is to the extent of nearly 300 basis points on current levels
                               at EBITDA level, even if you apply a certain discounting factor anywhere between
                               150 to 200 basis points of EBITDA impact should get created by this program.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                     Page 5 of 19

===== PAGE 7 =====
                               Where we are in this study is, the diagnostic findings and the implementation and
                               the opportunity sizing has been done. We are maybe we can do a full-scale,
                               realization phase by end of December. And in Q4 is where a lot of those savings will
                               start becoming visible.


                               As with any such exercise, there is a ramp-up period as the savings sort of spread
                               across the various opportunity areas. So that is why the first full year impact we feel
                               will be visible in FY'27. But the ramp-up to that will start happening from Q4
                               onwards.


    Niteen Dharmawat:          My next question is about the European operations. You mentioned that we have
                               seen good growth. So just wanted to understand how is the industry growing in
                               that area because last when you mentioned the entire industry was struggling, we
                               were still capturing the market share. So, vis-a-vis industry, how are we doing now?
                               And how do you see this going forward in terms of growth momentum returning
                               back and we were expanding in other geographies? So how is that progressing?


    Akshat Seth:               Yes, I think there is one theme I want to underline and also not just for our
                               European operations or Parador, but also for the India operations. We have not
                               seen any visible sign of turnaround on the external sentiment. So, the external
                               environment remains difficult.


                               Some of the initiatives that were put in place over the last 12, 15 months to grow
                               despite a flattish external environment is what is driving the growth for Parador
                               and also the growth in India. At the same time, given those headwinds, we are also
                               conscious that profitability required a concerted effort, which is why a lot of
                               profitability-related initiatives were also put in place, which, again, the impact is
                               now beginning to be visible. I would also say that these are first signs of impact
                               more impact should flow in, in coming quarters.


                               On Parador, specifically, as I said, the market remains difficult. Our growth is
                               coming from 2 or 3 axes. First, in our traditional home markets of DACH and
                               Western Europe, we are focused on gaining share in the counters that we are
                               playing in and that is what is driving growth.


                               So overall, the market has not grown, but we have grown in that market, which is
                               indicative of gaining share. It is physically also being shown by the fact that today,
                               in Germany, we are on more counters than we have historically ever been on, which
                               is driving a big chunk of this growth. So that is one part.


                               The second part is some of these markets that we had invested in, have started to
                               show revenue flow, be it U.S., be Middle East, be it Southeast Asia and China. Now I
                               will say those early wins are still small in their revenue contribution, but the




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                       Page 6 of 19

===== PAGE 8 =====
                               pipelines are now looking healthy, and we expect the revenue ramp-up to happen
                               in those geographies.


                               So, that is the second thing. And the third area where we have been investing a lot
                               of effort is on building the commercial channel, where again small wins have
                               started happening, but the pipeline is healthier, which is what gives us confidence
                               for the coming quarters as we step into the second half of the year. Does that
                               answer your question, Niteen?


    Niteen Dharmawat:          Yes, sir. Got it. Thank you so much and wishing you best. In case I have any
                               additional questions, I will come back in the queue.


    Akshat Seth:               Thank you so much Niteen.


    Moderator:                 Thank you very much. Thank you. Participants you may press star and one to ask a
                               question. Next question is from the line of Nayan Bhodia from Xylem PMS. Please
                               go ahead.


    Nayan Bhodia:              Yes, sir. So, if I am not wrong in the Pipe segment, we have around 35,000 tons
                               capacity in the legacy and around 80,000 in Crestia. Can you give the utilization
                               breakdown right now?


    Akshat Seth:               So overall, in Pipes at an aggregate level would be at about 50% to 60% utilization,
                               depending on which month of this quarter.


    Nayan Bhodia:              Okay. And I think the antidumping duties are not yet announced. So how do we
                               look at the utilization ramp up, the realization and the margin going forward?


    Akshat Seth:               See, again, it is hard for us to comment on if and when the antidumping duty will
                               come. There is a certain market situation that we have faced with at this moment,
                               and we will continue to fight it. If it comes and if it comes sooner, then of course,
                               that will be a positive development, but we are not basing our recovery or our
                               strategy on the antidumping duty coming in. We will continue to assume that the
                               current situation sustains and that is what we are fighting against.


    Nayan Bhodia:              Okay. So, let us say that the antidumping duties are not announced. And how do
                               we look at the growth of the Pipes segment and the margins over there?


    Akshat Seth:               So, at the moment, overall level, if I take segment by segment, the government
                               spending, which impacts the demand for Pipes that remains muted at the
                               moment, no visible sign of that bouncing back while there are conversations and
                               announcements, which promise a better investment set, but until that happens
                               and fund flow starts happening, I think it will be premature to comment on it.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                     Page 7 of 19

===== PAGE 9 =====
                               So that remains a weak spot in the overall demand scenario. In the residential and
                               in the B2B space also, it is not a very high growth scenario that we see. Demand
                               growth has been muted as has been witnessed by most players.


                               For us, the game is simple, we have to gain share from other players. We have a
                               deeper market penetration. That’s what we are aiming for. So, the way we are
                               thinking about it is that gaining market share is the priority. Any upside that
                               happens from the market side is a cherry on top.


    Nayan Bhodia:              Okay. And for the Parador business, can you update us on the margin trends over
                               there, the demand side scenario and what is your medium-term EBITDA margin
                               guidance and ambition for Parador right now?


    Akshat Seth:               See, this year, we have demonstrated a much-improved EBITDA trajectory. We will
                               continue to drive at on that trajectory. So, H2 typically is a better revenue half of the
                               year. So, with that revenue growth, there will be some more improvement on the
                               profitability side. But largely, we will continue all the good work that has happened
                               over the last 6 to 12 month period, with the visible impact over the last 6 months,
                               that trajectory should continue.


    Nayan Bhodia:              Okay and So my question was on a consolidated level, what guidance would you
                               give for the whole group for all the segments combined?


    Akshat Seth:               Again, the momentum we have shown on the growth side and on the profitability
                               side this quarter is what we are aiming to continue and improve further. Exact
                               numbers, I think, one on the profitability side, etc., as I said, as some of these
                               initiatives get to a maturity stage, there should be a further improvement on the
                               profitability side. So, while exact numbers should play out, we expect the current
                               momentum to continue and only an improved version of the current momentum
                               to be visible to all of you.


    Nayan Bhodia:              Okay, thank you. Thank you for answering.


    Akshat Seth:               Thank you.


    Moderator:                 Thank you. Participants you may press star and one to ask a question. Next
                               question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa & Company. Please go
                               ahead.


    Amit Agicha:               Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my questions are related to a debt policy
                               and number of employees of the company like as far as employees are concerned,
                               what are the total number of employees currently? And what is the increasing
                               expected employee addition over the next 2 year, specifically with connected to
                               tech, R&D supply chain composition, the current blended cost.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                        Page 8 of 19

===== PAGE 10 =====
    Akshat Seth:               So, in terms of people who are working with us in various contractual arrangement
                               across India and in our international markets, the total number is to the tune of
                               about 5,000 employees and associates. Debt servicing, Ajay?


    Ajay Kapadia:              The total debt is around INR 767 crore as on 30th September. The debt in BirlaNu
                               is at the rate of 7.2% to 7.3%. The European debt is below 3.8% interest cost.


    Amit Agicha:               All the best for the future.


    Ajay Kapadia:              The debt will further go up slightly by INR 100 crore because of this recent
                               acquisition. And probably, it will further go up because of new greenfield projects
                               we have already announced that will come up in the next 12 months' time, where
                               the investment is to the tune of INR 125 crore.


    Akshat Seth:               And at the same time, I think with an improved operating cash flow situation and
                               also in the recent past, we have monetized some non-core assets. Those will
                               continue and we want to keep this whole debt level to a manageable level. So, we
                               are also taking steps to bring this down.


    Amit Agicha:               Thank you sir. All the best for the future.


    Moderator:                 Thank you very much. Participants you may press star and one to ask a question.
                               Next question is from line of Rohit from Marshmello Capital. Please go ahead.


    Rohit:                     Thank you for the opportunity and the commentary. My first question is on the
                               spending that we were intending to do over the next 2, 3 years for us to reach our
                               stated goal of hitting $1 billion. We see news articles indicating we are looking to
                               spend up to INR 1,000 crore- 1,400 crore. Could you expand on this bit, please, both
                               capex and inorganic also?


    Akshat Seth:               Yes. I think the expenditure that is needed, overall, as we have stated in the earlier
                               calls as well, we are aiming to, in the short run of 2 to 3 years, double the portfolio
                               that we are sitting on. So, this year, we should finish it around little more than INR
                               3,800 crore or somewhere in that vicinity between INR 3,800 crore to INR 4,000
                               crore. The idea is how do we get it to a doubling stage, which is where the
                               investment outlay is a combination of 2 or 3 things, there will be increased working
                               capital requirements, so that gets financed.


                               Where will that growth come from? I think on Pipes, we have stated that we are
                               trying to grow that segment there. The investments in new capacity will not be
                               required for doubling the portfolio. We already have that capacity. The investments
                               will largely be on the working capital side.


                               The second one, which we are trying to grow from a smaller base to be in the
                               vicinity of INR 800 crore to INR 1,000 crore is in the Construction Chemicals space.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                       Page 9 of 19

===== PAGE 11 =====
                               We have already done 1 acquisition. Whether we will undertake more acquisition
                               or we continue to grow organically now from here on, I think that we should keep
                               a watch on. But that is the kind of investment that will be needed to grow that
                               business. That is the second one.


                               The third one where we are investing is in the Walls business, where again, there is
                               a clear line of sight of moving from what we did last year of about INR 500 crore to
                               get to about INR 850 crore, INR 900 crore in this period. Part of that investment is
                               happening in the greenfield plant that we have already announced in Andhra
                               Pradesh.


                               And there might be some more investments required to achieve this revenue
                               growth. So, it is hard to distinguish what is organic and inorganic, but that is the
                               estimate we have of the kind of investment that will be needed to drive the growth
                               plan that we are pursuing. Part of it is working capital, part of it is growth oriented,
                               yes.


    Rohit:                     So, do you have an estimate of the quantum of the spending that would be
                               required? I mean is it INR 500 crore or INR 1,000 crore, what is that number? And
                               what is the maximum debt to equity we are comfortable with? I mean for the
                               growth that we are targeting in all these segments.


    Akshat Seth:               Yes, I think that is the consolidated number that you are quoting. That is the
                               estimate that we have. The only split, which is a difficult one, is how much will it go
                               on the inorganic side because that is dependent on what transactions, the timing
                               of those transactions and the nature of those transactions. So that is the only one
                               which is hard to predict, but it should be in that ZIP code that we are talking about.


                               On what is the comfortable level of debt, I think a shade less than what we currently
                               are in terms of the debt level is a comfortable level. At the moment, we would want
                               to bring the debt level down given the size of our operations.


    Rohit:                     Understood. Fair enough. So, in addition to the segments we have, we do not plan
                               to enter any new segments, it is the existing segments, and we hope to scale up
                               the operations in each of the segments that we have currently, correct?


    Akshat Seth:               That is correct. I think the growth path in each of the segments is clearly laid out.
                               There is still a lot of execution to be done to achieve the kind of markers we have
                               set for ourselves. We do not want to be distracted by more segments at the
                               moment.


    Rohit:                     That was helpful. My next question is, in general, I wanted to understand, I mean,
                               in terms of valuation, I mean very near to the COVID level in terms of not price, but
                               valuation and the asset is quite valuable as well. So, is there any commentary from
                               the Board or the promoters on purchasing from the open market or any thoughts



BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                       Page 10 of 19

===== PAGE 12 =====
                               on buyback of shares as well? I know we have a lot of capital expenditures and I
                               mean expenditures lined up for growth. But given the valuation, is there any
                               thought on doing any buyback as well?


    Akshat Seth:               See, these are conversations that are constant. I think till such time there is a
                               decision on it, it is hard to comment. And of course, this is for the Board to decide.
                               So, we will obviously come to you and share it with everyone as and when there is
                               a clear line of sight or a decision in this regard.


    Rohit:                     Okay. Thank you. That’s it from me. I appreciate it.


    Akshat Seth:               Thank you.


    Moderator:                 Thank you very much. Participants, you may press star and one to ask a question.
                               Next follow-up question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa & Company.
                               Please go ahead.


    Amit Agicha:               Sir, as far as the capacity utilization is concerned, and the marketing networks, are
                               there any out-of-the-box kind of solutions that we are coming out to improve our
                               penetration because just increasing distributor and channel partners is a strategy
                               which almost all the competitors are adopting? And people are also doing
                               branding with superstars, etc. So how can we now sharpen our edge in marketing
                               even more?


    Akshat Seth:               Sorry, not clear on the second part. So, I understood that you were saying what
                               more can be done beyond just adding channel partners...


    Amit Agicha:               That was the crux of my question, sir.


    Akshat Seth:               See, there is at least in our experience, there is no silver bullet. The path to growth
                               in our businesses is to make sure that the execution is flawless every single day on
                               a consistent basis. So, it is right down to doing what is a fairly cookie-cutter answer.
                               So, like you said, everyone does retail expansion, everyone does distribution
                               expansion.


                               But where execution skills will start coming into place, the quality of our
                               distributors and retailers, how fast are we able to do it, how do we create a more
                               engaged set of retailers and distributors. And by the way, the other leg in this whole
                               channel play is the set of influencers. So, in Pipes, its plumbers, in putty, it will be
                               the painters and masons.


                               So, making sure that we are fully engaged with these people and the execution of
                               every piece of work that we are doing is happening on a consistent and in a flawless
                               basis. So thankfully, or fortunately or unfortunately, the success mantra is a simpler




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                       Page 11 of 19

===== PAGE 13 =====
                               one. There are no silver bullets. But what needs to be done is to ensure that the
                               execution on those success mantras is consistent and flawless.


    Amit Agicha:               Sir, any shop floor improvements we have made to improve the EBITDA? Or that
                               also depends only on the capacity utilization?


    Akshat Seth:               I think we are dialing up all short-term and long-term levers available for EBITDA
                               improvement, and that is why you see a much improved picture this quarter. The
                               short-term ones also tend to be smaller in impact and do not stick around for a
                               long time. So that is why it is important to dial up on both. But we are looking at
                               every single line item across our businesses on a consistent and continuous basis.
                               There is a very sharp focus on the EBITDA levers.


    Amit Agicha:               I appreciate this. Thank you.


    Moderator:                 Thank you very much. Next follow-up question is from line of Nayan Bhodia from
                               Xylem PMS. Please go ahead.


    Nayan Bhodia:              Hi sir, it is a very broad question, but I wanted to ask you. From a capital allocation
                               standpoint, instead of capex or inorganic acquisition, should not our first priority
                               be, say, margin revival or much higher growth rate or much better asset sweating
                               in our existing segments. So, I just wanted your views on how are we approaching
                               this particular issue? Or like growth or margin revival in our current existing setup
                               as a function of external environment and so how are you approaching it?


    Akshat Seth:               See, the way to approach this is that at least from where we are sitting, we need to
                               be prepared to fire arrows, which will create impact over the next 12 months, there
                               will be a different set of arrows, which will create impact between 12 to 24 and then
                               there will be a different set of arrows, which will create impact over the 24 to 36
                               months. These do not have to be in conflict with each other or cannibalize each
                               other.


                               But it is important that we do all 3. Otherwise, once we achieve victory on the first
                               set, we will realize that we had not done anything for the second year and the third
                               year. So, for instance, if I take the example of the Walls business, where this quarter,
                               we clocked about 18%, 19% revenue growth. Some of our subsegments on volume
                               side grew over 30% plus.


                               All of that was sales push and a more concerted effort in getting more leads in the
                               pipeline, converting those leads, etc. Now these showed up impact in the near
                               term, and hopefully will also continue to drive the sales numbers and asset
                               utilization for the next 12 months. At this trajectory, we will also come to a situation
                               where our assets are nearly 100% utilized in that segment in about 12 months' time.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                       Page 12 of 19

===== PAGE 14 =====
                               The lead time for new capacity is anywhere between 12 to 18 months. That is why
                               we also went ahead and announced an investment on the new designer boards
                               plan. So, that by the time this ramp-up is complete and is on a consistent basis, we
                               also have fresh capacity coming in so that the next wave of growth can come in.
                               And this is what I mean that we will need to keep firing all 3 types of arrows.
                               Otherwise, we create distortion in the curve or the growth curve that we are
                               chasing. Does that make sense?


    Nayan Bhodia:              Absolutely. So, from a domestic business standpoint, it does, but from our Parador
                               business, I mean, if I look at it, so over the last 5 years, margins and growth has been
                               a concern, and that is a very large asset sitting in our balance sheet. So how are we
                               approaching that? So, from other segments, I do understand like we are hitting
                               that utilization levels and also there is some natural tailwind in terms of growth.
                               But in terms of the particular asset, the German asset, both growth and margin are
                               a problem. So how are you approaching that?


    Akshat Seth:               See, I think as we have covered in previous calls, that is a business that over the last
                               24 months has gone through a massive restructuring and restructuring has
                               happened on a few different counts. Not only have we restructured and looked
                               closely on our cost structure and brought the breakeven point down, I think in this
                               period, we would have shaved the breakeven point on a monthly level by a good
                               2-2.5 million.


                               But also build more growth engines in terms of the markets and the clients that
                               we are serving, which is why we expanded what was essentially a residential end-
                               use type TG to also add commercial to the segment to our customer mix. Similarly,
                               there were a lot of dependence on the core DACH region, Central European region.
                               That is why we are expanding into newer markets.


                               The whole idea is that as this restructuring gets into its final shape or final form, we
                               have more growth engines in the portfolio, and we are able to service those
                               demand in a more efficient manner. So, some of the results that we have had in
                               this quarter or even in the previous quarter, is indicative that some of these efforts
                               are now beginning to take shape. Of course, recovery in a market like Europe or in
                               North America, this is not an overnight turnaround that can happen. But we are
                               happy with how it is shaping up, and we are happy with the first results that are
                               now visible.


    Nayan Bhodia:              Fair enough. I appreciate your response on this. Thank you.


    Akshat Seth:               Thank you.


    Moderator:                 Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment
                               Management. Please go ahead.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                       Page 13 of 19

===== PAGE 15 =====
    Aditya:                    Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question was on our acquisition of Clean
                               Coats. So, if you could just talk about the rationale for acquiring that company, the
                               strength of that company? And how does it complement our existing Construction
                               Chemical business?


    Akshat Seth:               Thank you for that question. Maybe just a quick word about the company itself. So,
                               this company from a revenue book perspective about INR 52 crore last year,
                               profitable and a good profitability profile. So, last year it clocked about 22% at a PBT
                               level. The focus of the company over the last 25 years has largely been in the B2B
                               segment and the products that it specializes are the high-performance coating
                               and some very specialized Construction Chemical. Now the nature of products is
                               very interesting because these are differentiated high-margin products, number
                               one.


                               Number two, they have their competitors set are the global giants. So, you will have
                               Jotun, AkzoNobel, etc. as the competitor set. So, these are technical products,
                               which also make it specialized and more amenable to higher-margin play.


                               They are also serving a wide variety of industrial and infrastructure customers,
                               some very complex ones from oil and gas, power, water management, etc. So, that
                               is what they have been doing. They have also had good established credentials not
                               only in India, but they have been exporting their products to over 27 countries. And
                               that is completely complementary. So, the overall portfolio of 275 additional
                               products are direct complement to our portfolio so far.


                               We have largely been on the B2C side. This is all B2B. We have a spike on the tile
                               adhesive side and the block jointing mortars and so on, their spike is on the coating
                               side, which again makes it complementary.


                               They also have products which are in the waterproofing segment, which, again, is
                               something that was missing in our portfolio. So, it is a neat complement. Overall,
                               the strategic rationale, if I were to summarize is that in this industry, this acquisition
                               allows us to leapfrog the development cycle of nearly 5 to 7 years.


                               Typically, the kind of products they have, just the development, testing and then
                               establishing it with customers. And finally, then getting empanelled with those
                               customers easily takes that kind of time line. So, we have an opportunity to leapfrog
                               that. Second, the strong client credentials and empanelment are not easy. So, they
                               have credentials with the likes of the big metro agency, DMRC to everyone else
                               and with some fairly large industrial houses. So that is again a big plus.


                               The third thing which is very interesting about this entity is that they not only
                               develop products, they are also into solution sellings. So, there is a lot of supply and
                               apply type contracts, which tend to be better margin and greater stickiness with




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                         Page 14 of 19

===== PAGE 16 =====
                               the customers. And finally, the opportunity to build an export market, the other
                               interesting piece. So, all in all in our ambition to build at least INR 1,000 crore
                               Construction Chemicals business, this is a strong booster shot that we get and it
                               should help us get to that ambition in a faster time scale and at a better margin
                               profile.


    Aditya:                    Sir, to understand from a synergy perspective, so what I understand, BirlaNu, most
                               of our products are sold through our retail or distribution channels. But from what
                               I understand that acquisition of this company is more of a B2B play for us, which
                               requires a completely different mindset. So just wanted to understand how is it
                               going to complement our existing set of products?


    Akshat Seth:               Yes. So, I think even if I take Clean Coats out of the equation, if I look at the India
                               operations, 35% of our revenues are still coming from the B2B segment. So, our
                               entire business in Walls is all B2B. There is a sizable chunk in our Pipes segment,
                               which is B2B. So, I will contest the fact that B2B is not known to us. B2B is very
                               much part of our operations.


                               And that I think a new set of B2B customers with Clean Coats will only help in
                               enhancing the overall B2B presence that we have. So, in that sense it is
                               complementary. It is not a new area that we are getting into.


    Aditya:                    Understood, sir. And sir, to understand from an opportunity perspective, how big
                               would this market be where Clean Coats operates? And who would be the top 1 or
                               2 players who will be operating in India and what kind of turnover would they be
                               having?


    Akshat Seth:               So, see I think overall aggregate picture will run into thousands of crores by any
                               estimate, the relevant product categories in India would be in the zone of INR 5,000
                               crore to INR 7,000 crore, INR 8,000 crore, but more importantly, at a high growth
                               trajectory. So, these are growing in mid-teens to 20% type of growth. But that is at
                               an aggregate level because this will then get divided into multiple subcategories
                               of products. So individually, it might be smaller.


                               I will answer this question in terms of who are the large players. So, on the high-
                               performance coatings or the anticorrosion coatings, it is the global giants like
                               Jotun, AkzoNobel, Sika, Fosroc, etc. that play in that. Then there will be from an
                               India perspective, the likes of Asian Paints and Berger have some play in that
                               segment.


                               For us with Clean Coats alone, we see a clear line of sight to grow this business in
                               the short run to at least 3 to 4x of what its current size is, not counting the benefit
                               of that for our core business in the B2C side because some of these products will
                               have a home in the retail trade as well. I am not counting that. If they just continue




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                       Page 15 of 19

===== PAGE 17 =====
                               to do what they have been doing more efficiently and more effectively and with
                               the backing of the BirlaNu brand, the 3 to 4x is a straightforward growth and then
                               there are more opportunities on top of that.


    Aditya:                    Sir, next was on roofing. So, if you could just talk about how is the environment
                               been? So, if I look at your first half numbers, our revenue has declined. Margins
                               have also taken a bit of a hit. So, can you could just help us understand what is
                               happening in the end market? And why is the number so flattish?


    Akshat Seth:               See, the end market, overall, if I go by the first half of the year, overall, as an industry,
                               we feel it is either been flat or there has been a marginal decline in volumes at an
                               aggregate level. So that is one. The second thing is prices have been much softer
                               compared to last year. We believe the price points across markets is about 5% lower
                               than what it was last year. So, a lot of the margin pressure that you see across
                               players is essentially driven by that.


                               So, all in all it is not one of the better years. It has been a difficult year so far.
                               However, the positive signs or positive things to look for is because it is been a good
                               monsoon this year, and the first news coming in from the rural economy is that
                               there is a fair amount of resilience and robustness in that driven by a good
                               monsoon. I think we expect that there should be a better trajectory in the second
                               half of the year leading up to the season in Q1 of next year.


    Aditya:                    Understood. But do you think there is a situation of oversupply in the industry or
                               because of lower steel prices, people are not preferring asbestos products?


    Akshat Seth:               It is a 3 way challenge. I think given the kind of growth or demand that we have
                               seen during COVID period, there has been some capacity additions. So yes, there
                               is overcapacity in the market. Second, the raw material prices have also gone up
                               disproportionate almost out of sync to the way prices have gone. So, that is been
                               the second pressure for players. So, the third is that demand itself is by and large
                               flat or if you take long-term averages, is growing by 2% to 3%, which then means
                               that it takes time to tide over the current type of scenario.


    Aditya:                    Okay. Understood, sir. Sir, secondly was on this building products. So, we have
                               witnessed quite a bit of strong growth this quarter. Sir, qualitatively, if you could
                               just help us understand what has led to such strong growth? Because when I look
                               at other building material players, none of them have reported such a strong
                               growth. So, what has helped us reporting such strong numbers? And is it just
                               because of new capacities coming in or anything else has helped us?


    Akshat Seth:               You mean the Walls segment?


    Aditya:                    Yes.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                            Page 16 of 19

===== PAGE 18 =====
    Akshat Seth:               I think partly the new capacity is not really that big a factor because our Chennai
                               Line 2 was the only large capacity addition and that was already commissioned
                               around early part of this year. So, it is not a big factor. I think there have been a few
                               things that we have done internally to reboot our sales efforts. So that has helped.


                               We have also been following a lot of initiatives on the cost side. So there has been
                               a profitability improvement because of that. So, it is essentially us taking a step
                               back, replanning and restrategizing and pushing the execution in the market. So,
                               you are right. We believe we have gained share in this quarter in an environment
                               where the market itself has not grown by that much.


    Aditya:                    Understood, sir. And so then, lastly on Parador, sir, if I look at Q1 and Q2, our
                               revenues are almost similar, INR 305 crore, but our losses have increased Q-o-Q
                               from INR 18 crore to INR 29 crore, if I look at segmental numbers. So, what is the
                               reason for that?


    Akshat Seth:               The EBITDA level, the picture is different. At the EBITDA level, the losses have
                               narrowed, in fact, it is a much better quarter at the EBITDA level, I think PBT level,
                               again, maybe there is something at play.


    Ajay Kapadia:              I do not think so there is much difference because interest cost is also more or less
                               same last year quarter 2 versus this year's quarter, depreciation is also.


    Aditya:                    I was talking about Q1 to Q2.


    Akshat Seth:               You are talking about Q1 to Q2?


    Akshat Seth:               Sir, typically, this quarter, given all the vacations, etc. from a seasonality perspective
                               a softer one on volume flow. So much of that can be attributed to the volume drop
                               that happens in this. Having said that, this time, the volume drop compared to Q1
                               is much lower. Profitability, difference is also much lower than what it was in
                               previous years.


    Aditya:                    Understood, sir. And if you can just reiterate what would be the breakeven level for
                               Parador? And what kind of turnover should Parador breakeven for us?


    Akshat Seth:               So, at an annual level of about, anywhere between € 140 million to € 144 million, it
                               should be breakeven.


    Aditya:                    Understood, sir. Thank you, sir, for answering our questions.


    Akshat Seth:               Thank you.


    Moderator:                 Thank you. Next question is from the line of Akhilesh P, individual investor. Please
                               go ahead.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                         Page 17 of 19

===== PAGE 19 =====
    Akhilesh P:                Good afternoon. Am I audible?


    Akshat Seth:               Yes.


    Akhilesh P:                So first, just a clarification on the breakeven number you mentioned for Parador.
                               So, this is EBITDA breakeven or PAT breakeven? Will it start contributing?


    Akshat Seth:               EBITDA breakeven.


    Akhilesh P:                And what would be the number to contribute profits to the company?


    Akshat Seth:               You are talking profits at a PBT level?


    Akhilesh P:                PBT or PAT since you report PBT on the segmental performance, you can go with
                               whatever is comfortable. But at what level of revenue can we expect those to
                               contribute profit?


    Akshat Seth:               So, that will be at around € 175 million. And this I am talking at a gross revenue level
                               in euro million terms.


    Akhilesh P:                And sir, you have taken a lot of steps on the cost side of Parador in the last 4 to 6
                               quarters. So, do you still see more scope for cost optimization or now only revenue
                               growth can get that division to start contributing to.


    Akshat Seth:               See, while one has to stay disciplined at all times, much of the profits, etc. have to
                               now start coming with revenue growth. So, there is less to be done structurally in
                               that P&L. It is more on the revenue side that there is the focus.


    Akhilesh P:                And we are seeing volume growth now in Parador. So, what is your own internal
                               estimation next year onwards? Can that division grow at double digits on revenue?
                               What is our own estimate on Parador?


    Akshat Seth:               Our own internal planning is certainly at those double-digit levels that you are
                               talking about. At the same time, we also want to assure that we are not just
                               banking for market growth to rebound for that growth to happen for us.


                               There are a few things in pipeline that we are chasing, which even at the current
                               market sentiment level will give us a revenue push, let it play out in the next few
                               months. The idea is that we should be gaining more share in these markets that
                               we play in.


    Akhilesh P:                And sir, we have a revenue target for the company of $1 billion in 3 years. So, as we
                               are moving towards our target, so a lot has changed in the underlying businesses
                               today compared to, say, 3 or 5 years ago. So, can you refresh us on what is the
                               EBITDA margin potential per segment. Segmentally, what kind of EBITDA margins




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                       Page 18 of 19

===== PAGE 20 =====
                                    are possible in the business at some more growth, at some more scale? Can you
                                    refresh us on that? What is it possible in floor, in Construction Chemicals, etc.?


    Akshat Seth:                    I think overall level, when we talk of higher scale, let us say, we are north of INR
                                    5,000 crore, we should be touching the 10%, 12% EBITDA margin mark. That is what
                                    we are working towards. In that story, roofing, you are familiar with. We will stay
                                    around that level. Pipes should be hitting the 8% to 10% mark. Construction
                                    Chemical will be one of the higher ones in the portfolio. So, it should be around the
                                    mid-teens.


                                    Walls should again be in the 12% to 14% range. And then Parador, just given the
                                    geographies and the dynamics there should be in the, I would say, 7% to 8% range.
                                    That is at least the near-term goal that we are chasing. And hence, at a blended
                                    level to stay in that 10% to 12% zone is the first milestone we want to get to.


    Akhilesh P:                     And this looks like a target which we can aim for in the next financial year, in FY'27?


    Akshat Seth:                    So next financial year would be a good to have, the following financial year will be
                                    a must-have.


    Akhilesh P:                     Okay. Okay sir, all the best to you and hopefully better days ahead for the firm.


    Akshat Seth:                    Yes. Thank you.


    Moderator:                      Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management for
                                    closing comments.


    Akshat Seth:                    Yes. Thank you. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and value
                                    your continued interest and support. For any further queries or information, please
                                    feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations desk. Thank you, and have a good
                                    day ahead.


    Moderator:                      Thank you very much. On behalf of BirlaNu Limited, that concludes this
                                    conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.




    This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort
    has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited without changing much of the content,
    to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q2 & FY’26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                                                 Page 19 of 19
