
===== PAGE 1 =====
                                                                                                  Ref: BIRLANU/SE/2026-27/34
August 12, 2026

To                                                           To
BSE Limited                                                  National Stock Exchange of India Limited
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,                                   5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),
Mumbai – 400 001                                             Mumbai – 400 051
Scrip Code: 509675                                           Scrip Symbol: BIRLANU
Through: BSE Listing Centre                                  Through: NEAPS

Sub: Transcript of Investors’ Conference Call on Q1&FY27 Financial Results
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
      Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)

Dear Sir/Madam,

In continuation to our letters dated August 3, 2026 and August 7, 2026, please find attached transcript of
the Analyst/Investors’ Conference Call held on August 7, 2026 on the unaudited standalone and
consolidated financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026.

The copy of the said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.birlanu.com.

Kindly take the same on record.

Yours faithfully,
For BirlaNu Limited
(formerly HIL Limited)
NIDHI     Digitally signed by
          NIDHI BISARIA

BISARIA   Date: 2026.08.12
          10:28:45 +05'30'

Nidhi Bisaria
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. F5634

Encl. as stated




                                     PIPES CONSTRUCTION CHEMICALS PUTTY ROOFS WALLS FLOORS

                                                  BirlaNu Limited (formerly HIL Limited)
                       Corporate Ofﬁce: BirlaNu Limited, 6th Floor, Birla Tower, 25 Barakhamba Rd, New Delhi - 110001
                                    Registered Ofﬁce: Ofﬁce No. 1 & 2, L7 Floor, SLN Terminus, Sy. No. 133,
                                 Near Botanical Gardens, Gachibowli, Hyderabad - 500032, Telangana, India.
                       CIN: L74999TG1955PLC000656 +91 40 6824 9000 customercare@birlanu.com www.birlanu.com

===== PAGE 2 =====
                             BirlaNu Limited
               Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript
                            August 07, 2026


Moderator:                   Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to BirlaNu Limited
                             Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be
                             in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to
                             ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
                             assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by
                             pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone.

                             I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mit Shah from CDR India.
                             Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Shah.

Mit Shah:                    Thank you, Danish. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to
                             BirlaNu Limited's Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call for investors
                             and analysts.

                             Today, we have with us Mr. Akshat Seth, Managing Director and
                             CEO of the company, and Mr. Ajay Kapadia, Chief Financial Officer.
                             We will first have Mr. Akshat Seth making his opening comments,
                             and he will be followed by Mr. Ajay Kapadia, who will take you
                             through the financial perspectives that lie ahead.

                             Before we begin, I would like to point out that certain statements
                             made in today's call could be forward-looking in nature, and details
                             in this regard are available in the earnings presentation, which has
                             been shared with you earlier.

                             I would like to invite Mr. Seth to present his views on the
                             performance and strategic imperatives. Thank you, and over to you,
                             Sir.


 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                        Page 1 of 24

===== PAGE 3 =====
Akshat Seth:                 Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. It is a pleasure to
                             welcome you all to BirlaNu's Quarter 1 FY27 Earnings Call.

                             Amidst one of the most volatile external environment headlined by
                             the Middle East conflict and its impact on global supply chains and
                             pricing, I am happy to say BirlaNu has delivered a strong quarter,
                             delivering on both growth and profitability.

                             This performance was enabled by the efforts over the last couple of
                             years to strengthen our product portfolio, sharpen our execution
                             engine to drive operational efficiency and to build brand salience.
                             Quarter 1 performance, as it was for quarter 4 last year, is a visible
                             impact of these strategic initiatives, and we will only intensify the
                             pace of this transformation in coming quarters.

                             The India business has been off to a great start in FY27. We grew our
                             revenue base by about 11% to Rs. 833 crores, while EBITDA grew by
                             71% to reach Rs. 98 crores. As you can see, margins have improved
                             by about 410 basis points over last year. This is headlined by the Pipe
                             segment, where our margins expanded by 660 basis points, nearly
                             7%, and Roofs by nearly 4%. With double-digit margins and growth,
                             this quarter demonstrates our stated objective of value-building
                             growth.

                             The key highlight of this performance includes

                             In the Roofs segment, we broke all previous records, crossing the
                             Rs. 500 crores mark for the quarter. In fact, we did Rs. 517 crores to
                             be precise, which represents a growth of 17% over last year. We
                             reinforced our leadership position and increased our market share
                             by about 1%. From a cost perspective, despite inflation, disciplined
                             cost management and operating leverage translated into a margin
                             expansion of nearly 4%.

                             The Walls business continued its strong momentum with revenue
                             growth of over 14%, led by robust demand across both panels and
                             blocks. Focused market development initiatives and stronger sales


 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                         Page 2 of 24

===== PAGE 4 =====
                            execution            across   customer   segments   supported    improved
                            realizations, which together with disciplined cost management
                            drove margin expansion by nearly 3%, 270 basis points to be precise.

                            The Pipes business navigated an exceptionally challenging market
                            environment during the quarter with sharp swings in resin prices.
                            You recall, in March, there was a price rise of nearly 60%. This was
                            followed by a decline of about 30% in April, which resulted in sharp
                            decline in demand, particularly in the month of April.

                            Despite these headwinds, the business demonstrated strong
                            execution, delivering one of the strongest margin improvements
                            within the portfolio with EBITDA margins expanding by over 660
                            basis points, while sales rebounded strongly through May and June
                            on the back of disciplined pricing, focused market execution and
                            cost management.

                            Construction Chemicals was the business that was most adversely
                            impacted by the Middle East conflict. Our key raw material prices
                            increased by over 50%, while disruptions across customer
                            industries, for instance, tile industry was badly impacted and project
                            execution led to a temporary slowdown in demand across several
                            application segments.

                            Despite these headwinds, we delivered 11% revenue growth,
                            supported by focused sales acceleration initiatives and a significant
                            expansion in our portfolio. This strengthened our presence across
                            high-growth application segments and broadened our customer
                            reach.

                            Moving on to Parador, where despite the Middle East crisis and the
                            demand slump that was introduced or induced by that crisis in our
                            core European markets, we did well to sustain revenue at last year's
                            levels. The order book is healthy. It is up over 10% over last year, and
                            the pipeline indicates a strong recovery in H2.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                              Page 3 of 24

===== PAGE 5 =====
                            Profitability was impacted due to cost pressures and less than
                            projected revenue trajectory. We are confident of an improved
                            margin profile for the rest of the year with a slew of value
                            enhancement initiatives in place, including a focused cost-out
                            program being led by BCG. You recall, last year, we had done a
                            similar program with BCG for the India business, and now we are
                            doing the same thing for Parador.

                            This short-term turbulence aside, Parador is making rapid strides in
                            its strategic build of new markets, especially U.S. and India. New
                            customers, especially in the commercial channel and deepening its
                            core, the DIY and retail in Europe.

                            At a consolidated level, the revenue for quarter 1 grew by just short
                            of 12% to Rs. 1,174 crores, and the EBITDA improved significantly to
                            INR 80 crores, which is about 35% higher compared to previous year.

                            Before I close, I also want to share the progress on some of our
                            strategic initiatives.

                           Our strategic capacity expansion program will add a new chapter
                            with the approval of a new Boards plant near Hyderabad to
                            supplement the greenfield plant being constructed in Nellore. This
                            reflects our confidence in the long-term growth opportunity within
                            the premium board’s category.

                            Our innovation engine delivered a slew of next-generation products
                            in waterproofing and repair and rehabilitation segments of our fast-
                            growing construction chemicals business.

                           To further our sustainability agenda, we recently commissioned
                            additional solar capacity at 2 of our manufacturing facilities while
                            simultaneously advancing the next phase of renewable energy
                            investments across our operations.

                           We have also commenced implementation of our enterprise-wide
                            AI road map, combining targeted business use cases with capability
                            building across the organization.

BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                       Page 4 of 24

===== PAGE 6 =====
                             Looking ahead, while the year has begun on a very strong note, we
                             remain mindful of the evolving external environment. Geopolitical
                             uncertainties continue to persist. Raw material, freight and
                             currency market remain volatile and in addition, labour costs are
                             showing an upward trend. We, therefore, remain disciplined in our
                             approach and will continue to respond with agility as market
                             conditions evolve.

                             At the same time, we exit quarter 1 with the confidence that we will
                             continue this momentum for the rest of the year. With a stronger
                             portfolio, improving operating leverage and a relentless focus on
                             execution, BirlaNu is well positioned to deliver sustainable,
                             profitable growth while continuing to create long-term value for all
                             our stakeholders.

                             With that, I conclude my opening remarks and let me hand over to
                             Ajay to take you through the detailed financial and operational
                             performance for the quarter. Ajay, over to you, and thank you.

Ajay Kapadia:                Thank you, Akshat, and good afternoon, everyone.

                             I will now walk you through the business and financial performance
                             for the first quarter of FY27.

                             While the quarter was marked by continued volatility across key
                             input markets and inflationary pressure across certain cost
                             categories, we delivered a meaningful improvement in earnings
                             and margins, reflecting our relentless focus on cost optimization
                             and execution excellence.

                             Let me begin with the headline numbers.

                            On a standalone basis, revenue increased by 10% year-on-year to Rs.
                             824 crores, while EBITDA rose by nearly 70% to Rs. 97 crores. EBITDA
                             margins expanded by over 420 basis points, supported by stronger
                             realizations,        manufacturing   efficiencies,   cost   discipline   and
                             sharpened execution.


 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                              Page 5 of 24

===== PAGE 7 =====
                           On a consolidated basis, revenue grew by 11.6% to Rs. 1,174 crores,
                            while EBITDA increased by 35% to Rs. 80 crores.

                            Turning to the businesses.

                            I will start with Roofs business, which has delivered another
                            excellent quarter with revenue growth of 70% and market share
                            gain of about 100 basis points. EBITDA margin improved by 390
                            basis points to 18.2%, supported by stronger realization, improved
                            volume sales and favourable operating leverage.

                            The Walls business reported 14% revenue growth with healthy
                            volume expansions across categories, improved realizations, higher
                            capacity utilization and the benefits from the cost optimization
                            initiatives implemented over the past year, contributed to EBITDA
                            margin expansion of 270 basis points to 10.2%.

                            The Pipes business experienced an unusually volatile quarter due to
                            abnormal movements in PVC resin prices, which materially
                            impacted channel offtake, particularly in the month of April.
                            Consequently, revenue declined by 11%, while volumes were lower
                            by 27%. Net sales realization improved during the quarter, primarily
                            due to lower share of agri pipes in the sales mix.

                            Despite these headwinds, EBITDA margins expanded by 660 basis
                            points, driven by an improved product mix, procurement
                            efficiencies and disciplined pricing actions. With government
                            interventions facilitating stabilization in PVC resin price, we expect
                            demand conditions to improve and anticipate moderate growth
                            during the seasonally weak quarter 2.

                            Construction Chemicals recorded 11% revenue growth despite
                            significant inflation in key raw material prices. The business
                            continued to expand its distribution footprint and customer reach,
                            strengthening the foundation for sustained growth.

                            Moving to Parador, Revenue remained broadly stable on a year-on-
                            year basis in euro terms. EBITDA stood at a loss of Rs. 13 crores

BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                        Page 6 of 24

===== PAGE 8 =====
                            compared with a profit of Rs. 5 crores in the corresponding quarter
                            last year. The decline in profitability primarily reflects elevated raw
                            material costs, onetime SAP migration expense and certain plant
                            maintenance and refurbishment activities that were advanced to
                            the first quarter from subsequent quarters. These timing-related
                            costs are expected to normalize in the second half of the year,
                            supporting an improvement in profitability.

                            Beyond our operating performance, we also advanced several
                            strategic and financial initiatives during the quarter. During the
                            quarter, the Board has approved the establishment of a greenfield
                            designer board manufacturing facilities in Hyderabad with an
                            estimated capital outlay of Rs. 167 crores. This investment expands
                            our manufacturing footprint in the premium board segment and
                            further strengthen our position in a margin accretive product
                            category.

                            Turning to the balance sheet. Cash generation and capital efficiency
                            remained key areas of focus. Through targeted initiatives across
                            receivable, inventories and sourcing, we reduced approximately
                            Rs. 100 crores of working capital on a year-on-year basis, resulting in
                            improved operating cash flows. I am also pleased to share that gross
                            borrowings reduced by nearly Rs. 100 crores during the quarter
                            from Rs. 852 crores as of March '26 to Rs. 758 crores as of June '26.

                            We remain committed to maintaining a prudent capital structure
                            while funding our approved greenfield and capacity expansion
                            projects.       As    these   projects   are   commissioned    and   begin
                            contributing to earnings and cash flows, we expect borrowings to
                            reduce progressively over the time.

                           Overall, the quarter reflects the progress we have made in
                            strengthening our operational and financial performance. We
                            remain committed to building on this momentum through
                            sustained            operational   improvements,     prudent      financial
                            management and long-term value creation.


BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                             Page 7 of 24

===== PAGE 9 =====
                             With that, I conclude my remarks and hand the call back to the
                             moderator to open the floor for questions. Thank you.

Moderator:                   Thank you so much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin
                             with the question-and-answer session. First question comes from
                             the line of Surender Singh with My Equity Sherpa. Please go ahead.

Surender Singh:              Yes, thanks a lot. So, Akshat and our CFO, I was going through the
                             latest annual report. And I see that regarding our borrowings, we
                             talk about some covenants, which we could not honor in 2026,
                             which in turn, we took waivers from banks. So, could you talk about
                             it, what it was and what we did around it?

Ajay Kapadia:                Primarily debt equity covenants, which we could not meet, and that
                             is the reason we have taken waiver from the bank.

Surender Singh:              Okay. So, in 2025, we did with 2 banks and now I am seeing, I think,
                             6 bank names are given. So, what is our thinking on borrowings
                             overall, like how it will progress?

Ajay Kapadia:                So as of March '26, our borrowings were Rs. 852 crores. As on date,
                             we are at Rs. 758 crores. We have reduced our borrowings by close
                             to Rs. 100 crores during the quarter.

Surender Singh:              Okay. And going forward, how you think about it, like it will remain
                             like this, or we may take some more or there is a plan to further
                             reduce it?

Ajay Kapadia:                In near to short period, it will remain at the elevated level since we
                             have announced a couple of greenfield projects. One we
                             announced last year Nellore, Boards plant and in yesterday's Board
                             meeting, we have announced Hyderabad Board plant but however,
                             there is a timing difference. Nellore Board plants will start giving us
                             profit and cash from end of the last quarter of this year - starting of
                             first quarter of next year. So that will help us to repay the borrowings
                             and that will help us to fund for the new capex.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                         Page 8 of 24

===== PAGE 10 =====
Surender Singh:              Okay. That helps. And Akshat, I would like to know your views on
                             Parador in particular. I know that numbers are yet to come on P&L
                             and all because of various headwinds. But being in your seat and
                             seeing the system very closely, how do you envision it in next 2, 3
                             years? You think that that will be a good outcome if it unfolds with
                             time?

Akshat Seth:                 See, I think I do not know if you have been part of some previous
                             calls, we have also laid out what are the blocks that we have been
                             pursuing for growth in the Parador business. At the moment, where
                             we sit on last year's revenue base, and I am not reacting to short-
                             term month-on-month or quarter-on-quarter, some turbulence
                             that might be there. But overall, there is now emerging line of sight
                             for adding about at least 20 million to 30 million over the next
                             couple of years on the revenue side to that base.

                             Now that is coming through the investments we have made in
                             building the commercial channel in U.S., in markets like India and
                             U.K., Middle East. And this is now basis pipeline and the advanced
                             places where we have put in quotations and we have been
                             specified. So, there is line of sight on that. And so that is one.

                             Second, the expansion of our DIY channels across Europe, and that
                             has been a strong reason why despite degrowth in the market, this
                             quarter, we have maintained our revenue because we have been,
                             again, increased our share on those DIY channels and growing
                             beyond just the Germany theatre. So, that will also play out.

                             And finally, there were some markets that we had in Europe, places
                             like Italy and some markets in Eastern Europe, where again, order
                             flow has started coming in. So those 3 put together give us that line
                             of sight of that revenue increase.

                             Now at that level, what it does is just given our breakeven and our
                             P&L leverage starts flowing in, and there is also a decent level of
                             profitability that starts coming in. So that is what we are putting
                             fight for. And at the same time, there is work happening in further

 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                           Page 9 of 24

===== PAGE 11 =====
                             optimizing the cost structure. I mentioned in my opening remarks
                             that we have engaged with BCG for a similar program as we did in
                             India, which is to essentially bring cost out of the system.

                             Our expectation is, at a conservative level that should deliver at least
                             300 to 400 basis point uplift on the EBITDA side. So, there is line of
                             sight on revenue. There is work happening, further work happening
                             on the cost side and I think the healthier outlook that you are
                             looking for is on the horizon.

Surender Singh:              Yes, that helps, Akshat. This is my first conference call with this
                             company, and I admire your thought process. I have gone through
                             all your previous communications. So, I ended up learning a lot
                             about this business and in general, like what is your thinking about
                             this business. So, thank you for that and I think I am all set. Thanks
                             a lot. Wish you all the best.

Akshat Seth:                 Thank you so much, Surender.

Moderator:                   Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shlok Akolia with
                             Xylem. Please go ahead.

Shlok Akolia:                Yes, my question was also around Parador. So just wanted to
                             understand like more about how do we expect the BCG initiatives
                             to come in? Like what is the timeline for that?

Akshat Seth:                 So, the timelines, we have already completed the diagnostic phase.
                             The design phase is underway and the implementation, is about the
                             4-month exercise. So, the first results and impact will start
                             becoming visible by the end of this quarter, and then they will keep
                             rolling for maybe another 3 months.

                             So Q4 of this year should have visible impact on the P&L. But many
                             of those will start building gradually over the next 3 to 4 months. So,
                             the October to December, there will be a buildup, and the full
                             impact should be visible around the Q4 mark.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                        Page 10 of 24

===== PAGE 12 =====
Moderator:                   Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Aditya from
                             Securities Investment Management. Please go ahead.

Aditya:                      Thanks for the opportunity. First question was on the Boards and
                             Panels segment. If you can just talk about what is happening in this
                             industry because if I look at your commentary and the kind of capex
                             we are doing, it seems that this seems to be a strong growth
                             segment for us. So, if you can just talk a little bit about what is
                             happening in this segment, what is driving growth in this segment
                             and what kind of utilization we are working currently?

Akshat Seth:                 And your question is on the Board segment, which is today roughly
                             anywhere between Rs. 1,500 crores to Rs. 2,000 crores industry
                             segment but growing at close to 10% to 14% growth rate year-on-
                             year. The segment is also attractive because it sort of affords a
                             higher margin profile. So, most players in the industry are operating
                             in the high teens as far as operating margins are concerned and
                             probably even more.

                             It is a segment which also is interesting because it affords
                             differentiation on the products and playing in the premium
                             segment. So, there are basic boards and then there are value-added
                             products like high-density boards, designer boards, which afford a
                             greater level of differentiation. We believe we have a right to win in
                             that segment because so far, we have been capacity constrained.
                             We have been operating at nearly 80% to 90% of our capacity. So,
                             we are chock-a-block.

                             We have a right to win because on cementitious product, it follows
                             a similar product composition as in the fibre cement industry. So,
                             there is a lot of resident knowledge about the product and our
                             ability to differentiate and innovate on the product plus we also
                             have the market access to the customers because we are serving
                             the same customers for our other wall products, whether it is block
                             or panel.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                       Page 11 of 24

===== PAGE 13 =====
                             And that is why we feel very confident about our prospects and
                             hence, the 2 capacity additions that have been announced, one
                             earlier, which is in Andhra Pradesh, we are expecting to commission
                             that plant by Q4 of this financial year. And then the new project that
                             we are pursuing where we got the Board's approval yesterday, that
                             will be in Telangana. So that is where we are sort of adding capacity,
                             plus there are smaller brownfield capacity additions that will
                             happen at our existing plants.

                             So, from our perspective, it is a segment with the new capacity
                             additions that we have announced over the next couple of years. By
                             the time these capacities come in, and we are able to ramp it up, it
                             will inject close to a revenue upside of about INR 300 crores to INR
                             350 crores and hopefully an EBITDA uplift north of INR 75 crores to
                             INR 85 crores. Aditya, does that answer your question? Sir, your line
                             is not clear.

Moderator:                   Our next question comes from the line of Sai Ganesh with Square
                             64 Capital Advisors. Please go ahead.

Sai Ganesh:                  Yes, a couple of questions from the Roofing side. You have reported
                             a 17% PBT margin in Roofing for Q1 FY27, while our peers are in line
                             with our margins. But before we used to do 20% to 25% plus, PBT
                             margin, if you look at FY22, FY23. At that time our peers used to do
                             16%, 17% margins. But now our peers have started reporting 17%
                             margins, but we are still stuck in that 17% range. Wanted your
                             thoughts on that?

Akshat Seth:                 I am not 100% sure of which peers you are talking about, but I would
                             request you to also just try and do a deeper analysis of the peer
                             results because a lot of our peers have in the last 3 or 4 years, added
                             boards in their portfolio and the numbers that get reported are a
                             consolidation of boards and Roofing, whereas the Roofing numbers
                             you are talking for us are pure-play Roofing numbers, and we have
                             not sort of consolidated those with our boards number.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                       Page 12 of 24

===== PAGE 14 =====
Sai Ganesh:                  I am understanding. Boards are happening more than 16%, 17%. PBT
                             margin is what we are talking about.

Akshat Seth:                 Yes, slightly different understanding at our end. So, I will request
                             that you do have a look at that. Boards for most players are
                             delivering attractive margins, which is what I covered in the
                             previous one as well. But I am happy to say, from a Roofing
                             perspective, overall, while there has been a strong improvement in
                             the EBITDA margin compared to last year.

                             I think the base you are talking about is 3 to 4 years old, different
                             industry dynamic and different input prices at that point in time. So,
                             it is a slightly different one. But happy to say that, overall, it is been
                             a good quarter from a margin point of view, and there is been a
                             significant improvement.

Sai Ganesh:                  Okay. And is there any inventory gain such as one-off, there is no
                             one-off, right, in our Roofing margin?

Akshat Seth:                 No, there are no one-offs. There are no inventory gains or
                             revaluations that have been done. So, these are pure operating
                             numbers.

Moderator:                   Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Saurabh
                             Ginodia with SMIFS Limited. Please go ahead.

Saurabh Ginodia: Hi Akshat and thank you for the opportunity. We have done
                             exceptionally well on the Roofing side; 17% growth has come after a
                             gap of so many quarters. So just wanted to understand what has
                             been the growth drivers, and how were the secondary sales on the
                             Roofings?

Akshat Seth:                 So, on secondary sales, overall, all of this is secondary because this is
                             a period where there are significant offtakes and this is not a
                             product that has huge stocking. So, stocking for us happens only in
                             the Q4 period or end of Q3. This is a season where there is a strong
                             secondary momentum. So, I would call all this as secondary for this
                             period.

 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                          Page 13 of 24

===== PAGE 15 =====
                             What has contributed overall, there is been buoyancy, I think the
                             rural demand was strong. There was price support available, so
                             overall in 17%, the volume growth is nearly 10%. What also helped
                             was our closest competition has a substitute product, the steel
                             sheets were at an elevated price point. So, there was increased
                             demand for the fibre cement roofs. So those were some factors that
                             played out well, and overall, there was buoyancy in the industry.

Saurabh Ginodia: Understood. And Ajay mentioned that we have done quite well on
                             the working capital side and there has been a reduction of about
                             INR 100 crores. So just can you talk about what efforts have been
                             made and how much of it is sustainable?

Ajay Kapadia:                So, Saurabh, we have worked on two areas: one is the inventory side.
                             We used to carry a large stock of fibre. We have substantially
                             reduced our fibre stock in last 6 to 8 months. The other side on
                             receivable side, we have tightened our controls on giving the
                             credits, and that has resulted into close to 30% reduction in our
                             receivable numbers.

Saurabh Ginodia: So, one can safely say that both the things are sustainable going
                             forward?

Ajay Kapadia:                Sustainable, yes.

Moderator:                   Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aditya with
                             Securities Investment Management. Please go ahead.

Aditya:                      Thanks for the follow-up. Continuing with the Boards and Panels, if
                             you could just help us understand, is this a replacement product,
                             like we are replacing plywood or gypsum? And if yes, so what is
                             generally the advantages of this product as compared to its
                             substitutes?

Akshat Seth:                 So, it has a broad range of substitutes between panels and boards,
                             they have applications in creating walls. So, these are drywall
                             applications. They help in creating room, room partitions, et cetera.
                             Boards additionally have the application of using as cladding,

 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                      Page 14 of 24

===== PAGE 16 =====
                             whether for internal or for external applications. There are a range
                             of products in that category.

                             So yes, gypsum boards, etcetera, are one, traditional walls are the
                             other substitute. The advantage is faster fabrication in an
                             application. So, the time involved for construction goes down. It is a
                             cost-effective product and third, the thermal and sound insulation
                             properties are great. There are also fire-retardant properties that the
                             product offers. So that is a broad overview.

Aditya:                      Yes. So, I was asking, is it majorly used in commercial applications,
                             or it is also used in residential?

Akshat Seth:                 Larger adoption in commercial, but it is used equally in residential
                             as well. So, the adoption is increasing in the residential segment as
                             well, but the penetration level is higher in the commercial
                             applications.

Aditya:                      Understood. And in this Rs. 1,500 crores to Rs. 2,000 crores market,
                             is it majorly dominated by organized players only or the
                             unorganized share is also quite large?

Akshat Seth:                 No. So, it is not an easy product to manufacture. The capex intensity
                             is also fairly high. It is largely dominated by organized players. So,
                             there are only 5 to 7 players of note in the industry. There is also a
                             good 15%, 20% share of imports currently into the country.

Aditya:                      Got it. And you mentioned that the margins in the segment are
                             close to mid-teens for the industry as a general. But when I look at
                             your EBIT margins, which you have given segmental, our margins
                             are in the mid-single digit. So why is there such a sharp contrast
                             between us and the industry?

Akshat Seth:                 So, our play currently, I was talking only about the Board segment.
                             Our wall segment today is a combination of boards, panels and
                             blocks. Our blended margins reported this quarter are about 10% to
                             11%. Standalone Board plants tend to operate and especially the
                             new ones tend to operate in the 15% to 20% range.

 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                       Page 15 of 24

===== PAGE 17 =====
Aditya:                      Understood, Walls currently is making very low margins.

Akshat Seth:                 Walls currently is now finally in a double-digit zone, and there has
                             again been a 2% to 3% improvement over last year. This has been
                             one of the strategic pursuits we have been making that the rightful
                             zone for our Walls segment from a profitability point of view.

                             Our current portfolio is in the zone of about 12% to 14%. I am happy
                             that we have broken into the double-digit zone and there is further
                             headroom for improvement there. So, I think we are now 80%
                             where we should be, given the portfolio we carry today, and I am
                             not counting the impact of the new capacities that will further pull
                             this margin up.

Aditya:                      Got it. Got it. And now coming to Parador. I think you mentioned in
                             the opening remarks, there were some one-off costs this quarter. If
                             you could just firstly quantify the same.

Akshat Seth:                 Yes. So broadly, 2 buckets. There were some IT upgradation projects
                             and enhancements that were planned earlier, which were executed
                             in this quarter. So that is onetime in nature, essentially to do with
                             our SAP systems and a couple of other things. Then there were
                             some repair and maintenance spends, which were front ended, at
                             the start of the year.

                             Those will get normalized over the rest of the year. So, they were
                             essentially given that we take shutdowns in quarter 2, they were
                             front-loaded into quarter 1 for booking the orders. So those are the
                             2 major ones.

Aditya:                      Understood. And if you could quantify the amount?

Akshat Seth:                 Together, these 2 will account for about EUR 1 million.

Aditya:                      Got it. Got it. And now, since you took over, in Parador, we were
                             looking to change the revenue mix, so diversify from Germany, get
                             into more commercial applications. So, if you could just help us
                             understand how have we progressed in the last 2, 3 years since you

 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                        Page 16 of 24

===== PAGE 18 =====
                             took over in Parador? And in the next 1 or 2 years, how do you see
                             this mix growing from currently?

Akshat Seth:                 So commercial from being, in true sense being less than 5% and
                             these new markets contributing again to less than 5%. In response
                             to an earlier question, I had mentioned that there is line of sight of
                             adding a good 20 million, 30 million on last year's revenue base. That
                             would push the share of these 2 components to about 20% in the
                             portfolio. So, that is the outlook for the next couple of years on that
                             front.

Aditya:                      Understood. And now appointment of this BCG. So last 2, 3 years,
                             we had worked on our cost, reducing the breakeven levels. We had
                             also, I think, removed certain employees last quarter. So, if you can
                             just help us understand what more is BCG expected to do in
                             Parador?

Akshat Seth:                 So yes, there has been a lot of cost out work over the last couple of
                             years on that. And thank you for summarizing the topics on which
                             that has been done. You are right. See, the external advisers like
                             BCG also help in bringing in additional layer of analytics and market
                             benchmarking, which allow us to go deeper on these cost topics.
                             They are essentially working on 4 areas. There is a topic on pricing.
                             There is a topic on procurement. There is a topic on SG&A and finally,
                             the last one is on operations.

                             So, just the analytic horsepower that they can bring and the
                             benchmarking that they can bring, having worked with a wider set
                             of players in the industry and across geographies, typically end up
                             being useful in these programs. So, think of it as what we did was
                             Horizon 1 savings and now we are pursuing Horizon 2 savings.

Aditya:                      Understood. Understood. And lastly on the Polymer business, is
                             Clean Coats now being recorded in Polymer only?

Akshat Seth:                 In standalone, no. But in consolidated, yes.



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                       Page 17 of 24

===== PAGE 19 =====
Ajay Kapadia:                In fact, we have changed the segment name from Polymer to Pipes
                             and Construction chemicals.

Aditya:                      So, this improvement in profitability, how much of it is because
                             Clean Coats is now being recorded in Polymer because I believe it
                             was a high-margin segment?

Ajay Kapadia:                It is a high-margin segment, and that is why the performance at a
                             standalone level has recorded an improvement. I will distinguish,
                             the positive impact you talk about is independent of the impact of
                             Clean Coats. So Clean Coats addition only makes it better. But even
                             if we exclude that, there has been an improvement in the margin
                             profile.

Moderator:                   Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vineet Joshi
                             an Individual Investor. Please go ahead.

Vineet Joshi:                So, my question is that, are we considering moving Parador
                             manufacturing to low-cost manufacturing location like India,
                             especially in the wake of India-EU trade deal? Will it really help us to
                             reduce our cost structure?

                             Second question is around the debt-to-equity ratio. Are we looking
                             at having some sort of a rights issue to make sure that the debt-to-
                             equity ratio is more reasonable, which we alluded to earlier in this
                             call? And third point is regarding what is our right to win in the PVC
                             pipe segment with already established players like Supreme and
                             Astral and Prince, so many others which are already in the market,
                             dominating the sector?

Akshat Seth:                 Do you want to take the debt to equity?

Ajay Kapadia:                Yes. So, debt to equity, our debt-to-equity ratio as on 30th June is
                             0.68x, which is well within our manageable range. As far as decision
                             on right issue or other part is normally Board is taking those
                             decisions. So, I will not comment on that side.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                        Page 18 of 24

===== PAGE 20 =====
Akshat Seth:                 Yes. So, it is a great question. At the moment, most of our
                             manufacturing is out of our plants in Germany and Austria. Over the
                             last 12, 14 months as we are diversifying our markets and global
                             footprint, the need to diversify our supply base and building local
                             for local is an important consideration.

                             In doing that, cost is one criteria, and I am not talking cost of just
                             the material, but cost to serve is the important criteria as we look at
                             these new global markets. So those options are being evaluated,
                             whether it is India or somewhere else, I think as these get
                             crystallized, we will share it with you.

                             What it also does, apart from a cost perspective, is to give supply
                             chain flexibility and derisk the supply chain in many cases. So, it is
                             an important strategic initiative that we are pursuing. Having said
                             that, the most important criteria in these decision-making is the
                             quality. There is a certain premium positioning Parador has and
                             there is a certain quality promise that Parador brings in these
                             supply choices and options that we evaluate, that is an important
                             go-no-go criteria. Vineet, does that does that answer your question
                             on Parador?

Vineet Joshi:                Yes, thanks. Also, I wanted to ask about the right to win for PVC
                             pipes?

Akshat Seth:                 Yes. So, PVC pipe market overall, you would have observed over the
                             last 3-odd years, has been on a roller coaster. And there are 3 or 4
                             things which remain fundamental to winning in this. One, of course,
                             is the brand pull and the equity of trust that you can make with this
                             product.

                             And there, we feel with the BirlaNu brand, there is a strong equity
                             that we have in the market. Remember, this is a product that people
                             rely on because it is behind the walls and it is in their house for the
                             next several decades and not just a consumable product, which is
                             use and throw.



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                       Page 19 of 24

===== PAGE 21 =====
                             Second is the quality of product. Third, in order to win with the
                             channel, you need to have the product range. So, range and SKUs
                             are important. Fourth, from an execution perspective, channel
                             access and deeper penetration in the sales channels and in the
                             markets that we choose is again an important criteria.

                             So those are the 3 or 4 areas where we feel, especially in our
                             preferred markets in select geographies, we feel we have built the
                             strength. We also have the product range, and we carry the brand
                             to be able to scale up in that segment.

Vineet Joshi:                One more thing, how does the consolidation BirlaNu brand help in
                             this case? For example, earlier we had standalone businesses, now
                             we have clubbed all of them under BirlaNu brand. So, does that help
                             the cause for the PVC pipe segment?

Akshat Seth:                 I think the feedback from the market, from the channel and from
                             our customers seem to indicate that there is a greater resonance of
                             the brand across categories and our ability to sell the entire portfolio
                             rather than just one isolated product has increased. And like with
                             most branding decisions, it is the correlation is hard to establish.

                             But I think the positive trajectory of the financial performance is also
                             an indicator that there is some volume uplift we are getting
                             because of those rebranding decisions. So that is a strong indicator,
                             coupled with what we hear as feedback from the market point
                             towards the fact that there is greater resonance of our basket of
                             products and not just one product that people associate with.

Vineet Joshi:                Thank you and all the best.

Moderator:                   Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Akhilesh B., an
                             individual investor. Please go ahead.

Akhilesh B.:                 Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, Akshat, I have been following
                             the company for the last 2, 3 years, and it seems like we are finally
                             turning a corner here. And I want to congratulate you and your
                             team for the work you have done there. I just wondered if you have

 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                        Page 20 of 24

===== PAGE 22 =====
                             growing confidence in the outlook now to let us know what are the
                             possible targets for FY27 on revenue and margin for the whole
                             company?

                             And on the longer-term target, which we had to double the revenue
                             base to maybe INR 8,000 crores to INR 9,000 crores in the next 2 to
                             3 years, will it be possible within the existing verticals of the
                             company? And what kind of capital allocation might that require in
                             terms of growing capacity or else acquiring company?

Akshat Seth:                 First of all, Akhilesh, thank you so much for your kind words. As a
                             team, we are excited at where we are. And in terms of outlook, I will
                             only say at least the last 2 quarters, we have been beating targets.
                             So, any target I share with you is a hazardous one. I will only say that
                             we hope to continue the momentum of the last 2 quarters and
                             continue to go beyond our internal targets as far as performance is
                             concerned.

                             The larger vision of doubling ourselves, yes, I think we are constantly
                             sort of pursuing that. Some of the announcements that have been
                             done recently, including in yesterday's Board meeting about setting
                             up new capacities and investments in that area are a step in that
                             direction. I think what we know at this moment is, over the next
                             couple of years, there is close to INR 500 crores of capex that have
                             been allocated to known named programs and projects.

                             As these opportunities, whether greenfield or inorganic, they
                             crystallize, we keep coming back to you and sharing that
                             information. But we are also confident that at the moment, capital
                             availability is not a constraint, and we are in the market for
                             interesting opportunities, which allow us to reach the milestone you
                             spelled out on an accelerated path.

Akhilesh B.:                 Yes. And would you say that this is the year where Parador will break
                             even on a full year basis because all the good work you have done
                             on the other verticals, as you know, get diluted by the impact
                             Parador has had over the last few years? So, there is a lot of

 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                        Page 21 of 24

===== PAGE 23 =====
                             untapped potential in your company, but, I mean, do you think that
                             this is the year finally that Parador will stop working against us?

Akshat Seth:                 We are confident of that. Also, it is not a question of dilution or un-
                             dilution. We are a multi-product company and the beauty of that is
                             that there will always be some part of the portfolio, which is
                             outperforming, and it allows us to hedge through cycles
                             geographically or across the products that we play in.

                             So yes, given the core markets of Parador over the last couple of
                             years, the market conditions were tough. I am glad that in those
                             tough conditions, we took tough calls to diversify and invest in
                             newer markets, which are more resilient and which continue to
                             offer a great promise. And yes, this year, the outlook is strong. We
                             are looking at growth overall from a revenue perspective, and we
                             are looking at more than breaking even this year.

Akhilesh B.:                 That is great to hear. Looking forward to your numbers going ahead.
                             Thank you.

Moderator:                   Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Manav an
                             Individual Investor. Please go ahead.

Manav:                       I have a single question regarding the Pipes segment. We are as of
                             now in losses, so I think despite the PVC prices have risen April, May.
                             What is the landmark here going forward?

Akshat Seth:                 Manav, the PVC prices in April went down close to 30%.

Manav:                       Correct, I mean the short term, yes, now.

Akshat Seth:                 Correct. So, if you recall quarter 4, we had posted good positive
                             profitability numbers the previous quarter. This quarter there was
                             again sharp decline in prices, which led to decline in volumes and I
                             think that is been a trend reported by all industry players. So, the
                             numbers you see this quarter are somewhat impacted by the
                             volume decline that has happened.



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                       Page 22 of 24

===== PAGE 24 =====
                             But we believe this is a transient phenomenon and as we enter into
                             Q2, there are strong indications that hopefully the worst is behind
                             us as far as the price levels are concerned. There are some measures
                             that the government has also put in place, which help in firming up
                             the prices. So those are good indicators and the current
                             momentum seems to suggest that the story of April should be well
                             behind us.

Manav:                       Thank you for the input. I believe the same.

Akshat Seth:                 Thank you so much, Manav.

Moderator:                   Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sai Ganesh
                             with Square 64 Capital Advisors. Please go ahead.

Sai Ganesh:                  Yes, thank you for the follow up. I wanted to know basically what is
                             the asset turn for our Boards and Panels, Telangana plant which you
                             announced yesterday?

Ajay Kapadia:                So, asset turn will be 0.9x. We are targeting to generate INR 140
                             crores revenue. This INR 166 crores also includes the land cost, so
                             other than land, it will be around INR 145 crores to INR 150 crores in
                             investment.

Sai Ganesh:                  Wanted to know about the status of our Phase 1 project which you
                             announced last year, I think so?

Akshat Seth:                 So that project is on in full swing, we are on track as far as timelines
                             are concerned and as I mentioned, Q4 we should look to
                             commission the plant.

Sai Ganesh:                  And one more thing I wanted to know, as I am aware. We have a
                             capex program of INR 127 crores for Nellore Boards & Panels and INR
                             40 crores for OPVC, total capex of INR 167 crores you have
                             announced last year. Out of that, how much has been done and
                             how much is the balance capex, wanted to know about that, as of
                             30th June?



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                        Page 23 of 24

===== PAGE 25 =====
Ajay Kapadia:                  So last year we have announced INR 127 crores of Nellore and INR
                               40 crores for PVC. So OPVC capex is already completed in the last
                               month. And Nellore project, we are right now in the phase of civil
                               construction work is going on. Probably from next month onwards,
                               the installation plant and machinery will start coming in and
                               installation work will start.

Akshat Seth:                   I would say we would be close to 90% in terms of order
                               commitments, maybe 90% to 100% from an order placement
                               perspective.

Sai Ganesh:                    And can you share the highlights of revenue and EBITDA
                               contribution from Clean Coats in Q1 FY27?

Ajay Kapadia:                  So Clean Coats, we did revenue of INR 9 crores during the quarter.

Akshat Seth:                   Thank you, Sai Ganesh.

Sai Ganesh:                    Yes, thank you.

Moderator:                     As there are no further questions from the participant, I now hand
                               the conference over to the management for the closing remarks.
                               Thank you, and over to you, team.

Akshat Seth:                   Thank you once again for joining us today. We sincerely appreciate
                               your time and insightful questions, and your continued interest in
                               BirlaNu. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to
                               reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you and have a
                               great weekend.

Moderator:                     Thank you so much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of BirlaNu
                               Limited, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining
                               us, and you may now disconnect your line.

This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited without changing much of the
content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT                                                                        Page 24 of 24
