
===== PAGE 1 =====
                                                                                                     Ref: BIRLANU/SE/2025-26/40
August 12, 2025

To                                                            To
BSE Limited                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                     5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),
Mumbai – 400 001                                              Mumbai – 400 051
Scrip Code: 509675                                            Scrip Symbol: BIRLANU
Through: BSE Listing Centre                                   Through: NEAPS

Sub: Transcript of Investors’ Conference Call on Q1 & FY26 Financial Results
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015

Dear Sir/Madam,

In continuation to our letters dated August 1, 2025 and August 6, 2025, please find attached transcript
of the Analysts/Conference Call held on August 6, 2025 on the unaudited standalone and consolidated
financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.

The copy of said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at
https://birlanu.com/.

Yours faithfully,
For BirlaNu Limited
(formerly HIL Limited)
NIDHI Digitally  signed
        by NIDHI BISARIA

BISARIA 16:18:28 +05'30'
        Date: 2025.08.12




Nidhi Bisaria
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. F5634




                                    PIPES I CONSTRUCTION CHEMICALS I PUTTY I ROOFS I WALLS I FLOORS

                                                        BirlaNu Limited (formerly HIL Limited)
                                                  Office No. l & 2, L7 Floor, SLN Terminus, Sy. No. 133,
                                       Near Botanical Gardens, Gachibowli, Hyderabad - 500032, Telangana, India.
                           CIN: L74999TG1955PLC000656 I +91 40 6824 9000 I customercare@birlanu.com I www.birlanu.com

===== PAGE 2 =====
                                                  BirlaNu Limited
               Q1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript
                                                  August 06, 2025
Moderator:                   Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to BirlaNu Limited’s
                             Earnings Conference Call.

                             As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode,
                             and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
                             presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
                             conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on
                             your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being
                             recorded.

                             I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mit Shah from CDR India.
                             Thank you and over to you, Mr. Shah.

Mit Shah:                    Thank you, Avirat. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and
                             welcome to BirlaNu Limited's Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call for
                             Investors and Analysts.

                             Today, we have with us Mr. Akshat Seth – Managing Director and
                             CEO of BirlaNu, and Mr. Ajay Kapadia – CFO.

                             We will first have Mr. Akshat Seth making opening comments and
                             he will be followed by Mr. Ajay, who will take you through the
                             financial perspectives.

                             Before we begin, I would like to point out that certain statements
                             made in today's call could be forward-looking in nature, and details
                             in this regard are available in the earnings presentation, which has
                             been shared with you earlier.

                             I'd like to invite “Mr. Akshat Seth to present his views on the
                             performance and strategic imperatives that lie ahead.” Thank you
                             and over to you, sir.

Akshat Seth:                 Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us
                             for the BirlaNu Q1 FY26 Earnings Call.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 1 of 20

===== PAGE 3 =====
                            Q1 for us was characterized by testing market conditions on one
                            hand, as well as a resilient response from BirlaNu side.

                            We reported consolidated revenue of INR 1,052 crore. This marks a
                            4.9% year-on-year decline, and EBITDA of INR 59 crore.

                            Weak demand, early onset of monsoon, pressure on input prices,
                            and excess capacity resulted in both volume and price headwind
                            across most of our product categories.

                            In the context of these adverse external situations in both India and
                            Europe, we set out with two clear objectives for this quarter, and I
                            am pleased to report meaningful progress on both fronts.

                                •    First, we aim to gain market share in our priority segments.
                                     On this front, we have delivered a strong performance and
                                     have outperformed the industry, especially in Construction
                                     Chemicals, in the Wall segment around panels and boards,
                                     and also blocks, and at Parador.
                                •    The second priority was to maintain a sharp focus on cost
                                     efficiency to cushion the impact of the soft pricing
                                     environment.

                            I am happy to share that despite pricing pressures, we achieved
                            margin expansion in select sub-segments of Walls, Construction
                            Chemicals, and also at Parador.

                            In our other categories, while margins did contract, the decline was
                            lower than the broader market price correction, underscoring the
                            disciplined execution and agile cost management.

                            Let me now walk you through the details of these at a segmental
                            level and the key initiatives that we are driving. First, let me talk
                            about Parador:

                            Weaker industry sentiments driven by the uncertainties around
                            tariffs led to a slight decline in revenue to INR 304 crore. Despite
                            this, we significantly improved our operating profits to INR 5 crore
                            versus a loss of INR 2 crore last year. So, we are not only positive,
                            there is a positive trajectory on the EBITDA margin as well. This was
                            the result of strong pricing action and restructuring that we had
                            done last year. Also, despite marginal decline in sales, Parador
                            continues to take market share across the product categories.

                            For our Roofs segment, as you all are aware, Q1 is the pivotal quarter.
                            This year, the season was marked by industry-wide demand




BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 2 of 20

===== PAGE 4 =====
                            contraction and price erosion relative to last year. In line with this
                            headwind, we experienced a slight decline in both volumes and
                            margins. However, with respect to our competitors, we not only
                            maintained our market leadership but also sustained the price
                            premium we command in the market. The enduring strength of our
                            brand equity and channel relationship continues to hold us in good
                            stead.

                            In Pipes, the PVC resin prices have continued its southward
                            trajectory. In fact, the prices were 15% lower compared to same
                            quarter last year. Early rains reduced the intensity of construction
                            activity in this quarter, impacting the demand. Further,
                            government spending remained subdued. Nonetheless, we remain
                            optimistic and with an expanded product mix and strengthened
                            distribution, the business is well-placed to benefit from a market
                            rebound.

                            Our Construction Chemicals business continues to deliver on its
                            high growth potential, recording a 37% revenue growth this quarter.
                            This performance was driven by two key levers – aggressive channel
                            expansion and a sharp increase in brand visibility through sustained
                            marketing efforts.

                            As I have emphasized in earlier calls, both the pipes segment and
                            the construction chemicals segment are strategic focus areas for us
                            in India. We are making steady progress in strengthening these
                            categories and their contribution to our overall portfolio continues
                            to rise in line with our long-term vision.

                            For Walls, this period was transitionary. On one end, we saw a
                            combination of subdued demand, lower government infrastructure
                            spending and heightened competitive intensity, particularly with
                            new capacities being commissioned across the industry. The
                            impact of this was most felt in the price realization for blocks
                            business.

                            Further, we commissioned and stabilized Chennai Line 2 for blocks
                            in this quarter, which resulted in some one-off expenses being
                            reflected in the P&L.

                            But more than this, the rehaul of our sales strategy for this segment
                            meant we have significantly increased our order books and pipeline
                            for the rest of the year. The impact of this is already visible in our
                            panels and boards, which grew by 16% and 9% in volume terms,
                            respectively, and they also improved the margin profile.




BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                       Page 3 of 20

===== PAGE 5 =====
                             I am confident that blocks will follow suit in the coming quarter. The
                             stage is set for this business for a robust performance this year,
                             despite continued price pressures.

                             Looking ahead, while we remain cautious on the near-term external
                             outlook, our strategic direction is clear. We will continue to
                             consolidate our leadership in high growth categories, drive
                             premiumization and innovation across the portfolio, and leverage
                             cost and productivity levers to protect margins.

                             The recent rebranding has energized our efforts in the marketplace,
                             and we will further build on that momentum in this year.

                             Importantly, with our new capacity expansions on track, including,
                             as you would have noted, the ambitious Greenfield project in
                             Andhra Pradesh that will produce designer and high-density
                             boards, amongst others, and the upcoming OPVC plant in Patna,
                             we are laying a strong foundation for future growth.

                             Our new product development engine is also gathering
                             momentum with various new products to be launched over the
                             next couple of quarters across our product segments. The key ones
                             to watch out for will be our pipes, construction chemicals, and wall
                             segments. These initiatives will position us well to capture
                             opportunities as demand begins to recover.

                             To sum up, while Q1 presented its share of challenges, we believe
                             our focused execution and resilience strategy have helped us
                             navigate the volatility and, more importantly, continue building
                             momentum for the future.

                            I would like to reaffirm our commitment to building a high-
                            performance, purpose-led culture that propels BirlaNu into its next
                            chapter.

                            With that, I conclude my opening remarks. I thank you for your
                            continued trust and partnership. Let me invite now Ajay to walk you
                            through the financial details. Ajay, over to you.

Ajay Kapadia:                Thank you, Akshat, and good afternoon to everyone on the call.

                             Let me take you through the key financial and operational
                             highlights for Q1 FY'26:

                             As Akshat mentioned, this was a challenging quarter, marked by a
                             volatile external environment, muted demand, price pressure, and




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 4 of 20

===== PAGE 6 =====
                            increased competitive intensity. Despite these headwinds, we
                            stayed focused on execution, market share protection, and
                            operational discipline.

                            Our consolidated revenue stood at INR 1,052 crore, reflecting a 4.9%
                            year-on-year decline

                            Let me now walk you through our “Segmental Performance.” In
                            Roofs, revenue stood at INR 442 crore, down by 4.7% year-on-year,
                            impacted by a subdued rural market, early monsoon, and price
                            erosion. That said, our relative performance remain strong, with
                            market leadership and price premium intact. Our sustained
                            investment in brand equity and distribution depth continued to be
                            key strength.

                            In Walls, we registered modest revenue growth of 2%, with top-line
                            reaching INR 138 crore. Importantly, we achieved volume growth
                            across all product lines, despite soft demand conditions and
                            heightened competition.

                            Our refresh sales strategy, coupled with margin improvements in
                            panels and boards, has started yielding results.

                            With the commissioning of Chennai Line 2 behind us, we expect
                            blocks to recover and contribute meaningfully in the coming
                            quarters.

                            In Pipes and Construction Chemicals segment, our revenue
                            declined by 14% and stood at INR 168 crore. Pipes, in particular, was
                            impacted by a sharp 17% decline in revenue to INR 124 crore, driven
                            by continued fall in resin prices, early monsoon, and tepid
                            government spending. However, our Construction Chemicals
                            business grew at a robust 37% year-on-year, aided by strong
                            traction in channel expansion and focused marketing. This category
                            remains a core part of our strategic growth blueprint.

                            In Parador, our revenue declined by 3% and stood at INR 304 crore,
                            largely due to weaker consumer sentiment and ongoing tariff-
                            related uncertainties. That said, we recorded a notable turnaround
                            in operating performance. Operating profit rose to INR 5 crore,
                            compared to a loss of INR 2 crore in the same quarter last year. This
                            improvement reflects the structural cost initiatives and pricing
                            actions implemented over the past quarter.

                            On the profitability front, EBITDA stood at INR 59 crore, compared
                            to INR 74 crore in Q1 last year. Profit before tax came in at INR 5




BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                      Page 5 of 20

===== PAGE 7 =====
                             crore. The contraction in margins was largely due to external price
                             corrections and input cost pressures across categories. Despite this,
                             our cost control initiatives helped contain the impact, and we
                             expanded margins in select sub-segments.

                             We continue to uphold strong financial discipline with working
                             capital remains within our internal thresholds and total debt as of
                             June 30, 2025, stood at INR 678 crore with a debt-equity ratio of 0.55.

                             Looking ahead, while we remain watchful of market trends,
                             especially heading into Q2, we are confident in the robustness of
                             our strategy. With focused investment, cost optimization, and
                             disciplined execution, we are well positioned to navigate short-term
                             volatility while building long-term value.

                             That concludes my remarks. I now hand it back to the moderator to
                             open the floor for questions. Thank you.

Moderator:                   We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first
                             question is from the line of Moksh Ranka from Aurum Capital.
                             Please go ahead.

Moksh Ranka:                 Hello, sir. I wanted to ask, in a segmented result, I see a loss of Rs.18
                             crore for the floor division, whereas in our presentation, we
                             mentioned that for Parador, it is currently operating profit of Rs.5
                             crore. So, why is there a discrepancy, could you please explain that?

Ajay Kapadia:                So, operating profit is before depreciation and interest, whereas in
                             a segmental result, we report PBT.

Akshat Seth:                 Okay. The key message is at an operating margin level, EBITDA level,
                             it is positive. And as we have shared in the past, that is the first
                             milestone that we have been consistently keeping a watch on. So,
                             this is now the third consecutive quarter where it is EBITDA positive.

Moksh Ranka:                 Okay. And Q1 generally is a very strong quarter for us especially our
                             roofing business. And if you look at quarter-on-quarter last year,
                             that quarter was bad for us also. And during this year, we have done
                             a lot of cost cutting in our building solutions and all our major
                             businesses. And even after that, we are not seeing any margin
                             expansion. So, why is that?

Akshat Seth:                 So, for this quarter in roofing business, there have been two things
                             that have happened from an industry level. Overall, we believe there
                             has been a volume contraction of anywhere between 1.5% to 2.0%
                             and there is a price erosion compared to last year in the zone of 4%




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                          Page 6 of 20

===== PAGE 8 =====
                             to 5% and select states in north are more affected than others. In
                             that context, our volume decline is about 1%. Our price realization
                             decline is about 3%. So, both are better than the industry numbers.
                             And it is this price decline which has translated at a margin level. So,
                             in fact, the margin decline is less than this 3%. And many of the cost
                             initiatives have helped in offsetting the impact of that. But largely,
                             the story is around price realizations translating to the EBITDA level.

Moksh Ranka:                 Yes. So, regarding our capital allocation, so we are doing a
                             Greenfield CAPEX of around Rs.127 crore and also, our debt is quite
                             elevated, and the external scenario is still not turning around. So, I
                             wanted to understand if the external scenario is muted for the next
                             one to two years, so can we survive this?

Akshat Seth:                 Yes, I think it is important to separate the short term.

Moksh Ranka:                 Even if for one to two years, there is a problem in the industry
                             scenario. So, how do you see yourself?

Akshat Seth:                 Great. So, a couple of things to keep in mind. One, I think it is
                             important to distinguish between what is the short-term scenario
                             and what are the long-term prospects that we are building. So,
                             while we navigate the short-term challenges like you said on the
                             external environment, it is also important that we create growth
                             engines for future. And this particular investment is happening in a
                             category which is a high growth category. Even in today's context
                             for us, the boards business is doing well and is one of the more
                             profitable. So, the profitability is in mid-teen as far as that product
                             segment is concerned. So, the outlook for that product segment is
                             strong. And that is why we are also investing selectively in the right
                             pockets which help improve both the revenue profile and the
                             quality of revenue in terms of profitability.

Moksh Ranka:                 Okay, I will get back in the queue.

Akshat Seth:                 Okay, thank you.

Moderator:                   The next question is from the line of Parikshit Gupta from Fair Value
                             Capital. Please go ahead.

Parikshit Gupta:             Thank you very much for the opportunity. I have a couple of
                             questions. First, on Parador, you already mentioned in your opening
                             remarks that due to the tariff situation, the demand has been
                             relatively sluggish. But what do you see the European markets as,
                             in the rest of the financial year? Can you also share some updates
                             on the Indian market entry for Parador?




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                         Page 7 of 20

===== PAGE 9 =====
Akshat Seth:                 So, from an outlook perspective, as we are now almost in the middle
                             of Quarter 2, you would recall, and I am just rewinding to end of Q4
                             end when we had last spoken, there was a certain sense of
                             buoyancy in Quarter 4. That buoyancy was stalled because of all the
                             uncertainties around tariff and tariff announcement. Now, as that
                             situation clears up, and there is greater certainty around it, the
                             outlook for especially the second half, because Quarter 2 that
                             geography is also impacted by holidays and so on, but beginning
                             September, the expectation is that there should be a turnaround
                             and there is some positive green shoots that are visible on that. So,
                             at a minimum, we expect to resume where we left off around
                             March, where there was some good momentum building up as far
                             as the demand scenario is concerned. So, that is where the situation
                             looks like from a Europe point of view. So, we remain hopeful. In fact,
                             the slight decline that has happened in Quarter 1 in terms of
                             revenue, we are hopeful that we will be able to cover it up by the
                             time the year ends, and we should finish the year on a positive
                             trajectory. As far as the India part is concerned, the team in India is
                             now fully in place, along with the rebranding in the April timeframe,
                             we made formal announcements of the India launch of Parador. We
                             have been prioritizing the work on the commercial segment first,
                             and there is a healthy order pipeline that we are pursuing. The first
                             revenues are also now beginning to get clocked. So, the build phase
                             is in strong momentum, both from a team perspective and the
                             order book perspective. As the commercial part stabilizes, we are
                             also empaneling our retail partners to drive the B2C part of that
                             business. So, the work is on in full swing, including the third aspect,
                             which is on product sourcing. So, a lot of logistics, product sourcing,
                             etc., have been sorted now. So, we are moving as per plan on that.

Parikshit Gupta:             Perfect. Thank you for that update. In terms of basically the pipes
                             and construction chemicals segment, we do understand the
                             pressure in pricing because of the weaker PVC prices. I mean,
                             considering many things, there are many factors, there is the
                             demand scenario because of stronger monsoon, and then also the
                             raw material pricing. So, for the entire year, FY26, would you be able
                             to articulate some sort of margin guidance on this segment?

Akshat Seth:                 I can. You have been now, I am sure part of multiple conversations
                             like this. What is your guidance on the PVC pricing?

Parikshit Gupta:             So, to be honest, well, I was looking at PVC pricing from Reliance,
                             the grade 6701 on a nationwide level, I did see an uptick. However,
                             while speaking with the companies, the story is the other way
                             around. So, this leaves me either at a position where I am doing




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 8 of 20

===== PAGE 10 =====
                             something wrong in my calculations or it is very difficult to
                             understand how the prices might move.

Akshat Seth:                 So, Parikshit, I think without getting into too much detail, I think
                             PVC pricing is slightly hazardous and making predictions on it is
                             slightly hazardous. There are several global factors at play. There are
                             regional and India level factors at play. There is also capacity issues
                             that are playing around. So, assuming the situation stays where it is,
                             I think for us, the focus really at our stage of evolution is to keep
                             gaining share on the market side and volume side. And that is the
                             push that we are making. If there is a helpful movement on the PVC
                             price, I think that will get reflected in the margin. Just given the very
                             nature of the industry at this moment, I think it is a difficult one to
                             hazard a guess on.

Parikshit Gupta:             Makes perfect sense. And in terms of the overall segment mix, so
                             the past few quarters, roofing has contributed around 30%, building
                             walls is around 15% polymer and construction chemicals around
                             20% and flooring around 35%. Now, while keeping in mind that $1
                             billion top line aspiration, is there a targeted segmental revenue mix
                             that we are currently working toward?

Akshat Seth:                 See, increasingly, and I think it is the trend, because this particular
                             number will not make sense on a quarter-on-quarter level, but at an
                             annual level, every year we are shaving off about 4-5% in terms of
                             the share that the roofing segment has in the overall portfolio. Much
                             of the growth, much of the investments is essentially coming in the
                             non-roofing segment. So, progressively, this 30% will keep coming
                             down. That is the expectation. And on an average, 3-5% erosion
                             should happen every year.

Parikshit Gupta:             Understood. And my final question before I rejoin the queue, I think
                             it has been articulated in the previous con calls as well, but to just
                             understand it more clearly, in order to achieve the $ 1 billion top line
                             aspiration, do you have any rough CAPEX requirement estimate
                             probably proportional to the current net worth of the company that
                             would be required?

Ajay Kapadia:                In the next three to four years, we expect investment to the tune of
                             around INR 500 crore in capital side, which includes investment in
                             construction chemicals and pipes and fittings. We have already
                             announced investment in the fiber cement boards plant. So, all put
                             together, INR 500 crore Capex and then another INR 250 crore we
                             need for working capital.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                          Page 9 of 20

===== PAGE 11 =====
Akshat Seth:                 To add to what Ajay said, this INR 500 crore will not take us all the
                             way to a billion dollars, because there will be an inorganic part of
                             the story. There are also some parts of the story which are
                             unanswered. Our sense is this number will be sufficient to take us
                             to the INR 5,000 crore, INR 5,500 crore level and then there will be
                             more capital required for the remaining part of the journey.

Parikshit Gupta:             And just one follow up on this. At this point, considering the balance
                             sheet, would you be solely relying on internal accruals and debt or
                             would you also be open for raising equity? However, I do
                             understand that is a factor of how the stock price also does. So, just
                             any color on that, please?

Ajay Kapadia:                I think raising equity is a more of a Board decision. So, we cannot
                             comment on that. Our plan is initially we will fund this CAPEX
                             through borrowed funds, and as and when the margin expands we
                             will fund through internal accruals.

Parikshit Gupta:             Understood, sir. This is helpful. I will get back in the queue for any
                             follow ups.

Moderator:                   The next question is from the line of Rohith Potti from Marshmallow
                             Capital. Please go ahead.

Rohith Potti:                Thank you for the opportunity. On the roofing business, I mean, one
                             or two of your peers have released results and their roofing business
                             seems to have performed better as compared to us. Is this driven by
                             the geographic mix or is there any other reason for the
                             underperformance here?

Akshat Seth:                 Without naming names, I would urge you to do a little bit of
                             comparison. I think what is also important to keep in mind is what
                             is the profitability level that we have and even with these numbers
                             versus the profitability numbers that they will have. So, the
                             comparison is a slightly difficult one. We continue to be at least 400
                             to 600 basis points better on profitability compared to any of our
                             competitors. So, that is one point of comparison. Second, we have
                             sustained our market share. So, we have not lost on volume. Being
                             the price leader in the market, there is always a balancing act and
                             in a market which is declining and where there is price pressure, it
                             is always a tough balancing act. So, we believe we have done a good
                             job this quarter to retain our leadership both on volumes and on the
                             price premium front. A part of the price erosion was inevitable given
                             how the industry was behaving and which is what is reflected in the
                             slight erosion on the margin or the decline in margin that has
                             happened.



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                       Page 10 of 20

===== PAGE 12 =====
Rohith Potti:                Understood. See, I mean, in sort of follow up to the previous answer
                             you mentioned on how we might reach the $1 billion, so I
                             understand roofing as a percentage will continue to go down, but
                             even Parador, which contributes another one-third of our revenues,
                             it is in Europe. And even with growth, do you think it can grow
                             materially to help with our ambition to hit that $1 billion? And in
                             addition to that, on Parador, again, there is a specific question. With
                             this, I mean, Europe is seeing a lot of spending increase, particularly
                             Germany and other regions, with infrastructure spending increase
                             and defense spending increase, do you see that helping our
                             business in Parador as well?

Akshat Seth:                 So, on the first part, of course, Parador has to play a meaningful role
                             in the growth ambition that we have. So, in the aspirations that we
                             have defined for ourselves, Parador growth especially in the new
                             markets that we are investing in, which is North America, Middle
                             East, Asia, are important part of this whole game plan. You are
                             aware that we have been investing in these new markets. The idea
                             is that we build this almost to the size of our core markets and that
                             is a three-to-five-year journey. I think the first shoots or green shoots
                             of results on that are now beginning to be visible. So, this, of course,
                             has a big role to play. I mean, at a minimum, we would expect the
                             revenue from last year to grow about 30% to 40% in this whole
                             journey that we are talking about. In the short to medium term, as
                             far as the economic and demand scenario in Europe is concerned,
                             yes, there seems to be some side to recovery. And again, I am
                             drawing your attention back to the quarter ending March. With the
                             new government in Germany, with new investment plans in various
                             parts of Europe, the sentiment was turning. There was a temporary
                             blip with these tariff-related uncertainties. However, there is also
                             now ample evidence that, that should be behind us and there is a
                             positive sentiment that is likely to prevail in the second half of the
                             year. All of that will mean that a lot of the bottled-up consumer
                             spending should start coming back. Also, the spending on the
                             construction sector, which was worst affected over the last two or
                             three years, should also start coming back. All of these are great
                             signs as far as Parador is concerned. And I will give one last example
                             or illustration of why we are saying, what we are saying. You are
                             aware that in Europe, a part of our exposure or sales channel is those
                             large DIY chains. For us, in the last six months, the volume uptick
                             has been phenomenal on the DIY part of our business, which means
                             that there is more footfall coming back into these stores, which
                             again is an early sign on how the sentiment seems to be turning. So,
                             we remain hopeful and H2 is expected to be much better than what
                             H1 has been and some of these announcements that happened
                             since the beginning of January should be a good sign.



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                          Page 11 of 20

===== PAGE 13 =====
Rohith Potti:                Thank you. A follow up on Parador and with our planned expansion
                             to Middle East and India, etc., Now, it is not very common to see
                             consumer-facing products or products which are visible to the
                             consumer manufactured in Europe and being able to price it
                             affordable enough for this part of the world. So, how do we figure
                             out profitability to manufacture something in Europe and sell in
                             India and have enough volume and revenue to make a difference
                             for the effort that we are putting in? So, that is one part of the
                             question. And second part, I mean, conversation with industry and
                             somebody who worked in BirlaNu as well, seem to indicate that
                             when an influencer refers the customer to buy Parador, because
                             you see Parador products side-by-side with some products made in
                             China, the price difference seems to be putting it off and maybe one
                             potential strategy should be for Parador to have its own stores as
                             well, where the comparison would be with Parador itself or some
                             similar premium stores. So, could you speak about the strategy on
                             how we differentiate our products, which is sometimes difficult in
                             products like tiles and flooring, etc.,? So, it will be helpful to hear
                             your thoughts on these two.

Akshat Seth:                 Sure. So, a big part of the proposition, and even today as we speak,
                             our products are sold in over 80-countries globally. And the big
                             proposition that we have on this global play is a made in Europe
                             quality and the design and aesthetic sensibilities that come with
                             our operations there. So, that is a big part of the USP that we carry.
                             The second thing is, as we globalize and we start looking at volume
                             play in many of these markets, we are also looking to diversify our
                             supply bases. So, for instance, when we talk of North America, while
                             a big chunk of it will be supplied from our plants in Europe, we will
                             need to also have some flexibility in the supply choices that we
                             exercise. Similar logic will get applied to our other global markets
                             where we are building a meaningful presence. You are absolutely
                             right on the influencer part. And that is where I think our
                             engagement with the whole specifier community, essentially the
                             architects and designers, is very important. And the proposition and
                             the difference that our products offer compared to some of the
                             Chinese product is important to translate in those communications
                             because it is also a product which is a 20-25 year life cycle product.
                             It is not a consumable which you use and throw. So, there are
                             choices. We will of course not be at the same price level as some of
                             these cheaper Chinese products, but there is a quality promise that
                             we are making and which is our calling card in the market. What is
                             also helpful in our case is that we have a wider product portfolio
                             which offers a price laddering. And if I give an India example, we
                             have products that sell from Rs.100 a square feet to Rs.1,000 a square
                             feet, at every Rs.150, there will be a product offering. So, there is a



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 12 of 20

===== PAGE 14 =====
                             price laddering. And depending on what is the price sensitivity of
                             the project that we are pitching for, there is a different product that
                             is available. So, that gives us a good leeway. And I think the traction
                             we are gaining in markets like India is encouraging.

Rohith Potti:                Thank you. This is very helpful. My last question is, in our last call and
                             this call, we seem to indicate that construction chemicals and AAC
                             are key. I mean, we are expanding their capacity and they are key
                             elements of our growth strategy. But I mean, both are broadly
                             commoditized with a lot of competition, right? And I believe
                             construction chemicals as a basket is a very large basket. So, having
                             a wide range of products and having the right distribution, etc., so
                             how do we differentiate and grow here, and what is the right to win
                             in this?

Akshat Seth:                 So, the construction chemicals piece, first, is not a tactical play. We
                             are building this and we are taking strategic calls in order to build a
                             INR 1,000 crore, INR 1,500 crore plus business over a period of time.
                             And hence, the build is essentially around two or three key pillars.
                             One is we need to have product expertise. So, having our own
                             recipes, not necessarily our own manufacturing. On manufacturing,
                             the idea is to remain in a hybrid mode. But having product
                             capabilities and to have differentiated products in the market is one
                             key USP. Second, having good channel reach. And this market is
                             somewhere divided into B2B and B2C. 70%, 80% of the market is still
                             B2C and there, building the right channel and channel penetration
                             becomes important. And third is the brand power or the pull that
                             the brand creates. In this category, the opportunity is that you take
                             any sub-segment, there are maybe two branded players and then a
                             whole host of unorganized players, which is where the opportunity
                             for us is to occupy the top three spots in the segment that we are
                             choosing to play. A lot of it will require the right branding and
                             marketing effort. So, those would be the three sort of ingredients to
                             win in this market that at least we are pursuing. But we are building
                             this business for the long haul. It is not a tactical INR 100-200 crore
                             play that we are getting into.

Rohith Potti:                And I am guessing if that is the target, then we have an acquisition
                             inorganic plan here as well, probably.

Akshat Seth:                 Absolutely. Like I shared in our key growth segments, whether it is
                             pipes, whether it is construction chemicals, while organic is the key
                             driver of growth, inorganic and smart inorganic buy-in is something
                             that we are in the market for. Anything that helps us leap from the
                             growth journey is something that we are very interested in. So, short
                             answer, “yes.”



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                          Page 13 of 20

===== PAGE 15 =====
Rohith Potti:                Yes. Thank you. I mean, you have been very patient with your
                             answers. I appreciate it. Thank you.

Akshat Seth:                 Thank you so much, Rohith.

Moderator:                   The next question is from the line of Nishant Gupta from Minerva
                             Capital Research Solutions. Please go ahead.

Nishant Gupta:               Hello. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I wanted to
                             understand when do we expect that the real estate demand or the
                             end customer demand to pick up in all the segments to contribute
                             in a big way? I am not really keen at a very long-term frame where
                             you intend to reach $1 billion, but what is that inflection point where
                             we see all the segments contributing, because real estate, etc., the
                             luxury projects are getting sold on the day of the launch, but we see
                             the demand dwindling on the middle income or the affordable
                             housing kind of thing, so when do we see all the segments to pick
                             up together?

Akshat Seth:                 You are asking when do all our segments start picking up or are you
                             asking when does the broader macro -?

Nishant Gupta:               No, no. When all of your segments pick up?

Akshat Seth:                 It is a good question. I am also thinking of which way to address this
                             question. See, I think by all accounts, I would say that we are
                             somewhere at the bottom of the commodity cycle. The demand
                             scenario at a macro level is not exactly robust. There are also
                             liquidity pressures that we have, that we are witnessing in the
                             market. I think you would have noticed RBI over the last 3-6 months
                             has stepped in at various points in time to address that. There is also
                             excess capacity floating around in the market. So, on the positive
                             side, a lot of the economic indicators seem to be on the right track.
                             The monsoon has been a good one. The expectation is that rural
                             demand should be robust post this monsoon. So, the festive season
                             should be an interesting one. So, I think at least my own expectation
                             is the macro conditions in H2 should start improving. But given
                             where we are, the full improvement to take shape may be a two to
                             three quarters journey from there on. And as that picks up, I think I
                             am confident that BirlaNu is positioned really well to ride the
                             buoyancy that comes with that across all our segments.

Nishant Gupta:               Got it, sir. This is helpful. Sir, one more question. You mentioned at
                             the start of the call that we have been gaining market share. Sir, is
                             this gaining of the market share coming primarily from the
                             unorganized segment where we are obviously due to the cost




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 14 of 20

===== PAGE 16 =====
                             competitiveness those guys are getting out of the market across
                             the segment, so is that the unorganized demand that we are able
                             to capture right now?

Akshat Seth:                 Is your question with reference to a specific product category or in
                             general you are saying?

Nishant Gupta:               Sir, like you mentioned that some of the segments have been
                             gaining market share despite the competition, right? So, I just
                             wanted to understand where is this gaining of the market share
                             coming from, like in the construction chemicals or in the wall and
                             the board segment? Are we capturing the unorganized market or
                             are the organized players losing the market share, etc. So, I am just
                             trying to understand how the dynamics are shifting.

Akshat Seth:                 See, the situation is slightly different across categories. So, roofs,
                             there is hardly any unorganized segment. The market is fairly
                             consolidated across the top five, eight players. So, there the story is
                             different. In pipes, there is a big part which is unorganized. However,
                             the unorganized segment plays largely in a very local, regional
                             fashion and on price points where we do not operate. So, we still like
                             to believe that we are competing with the established incumbents
                             in the market and that is where the gain is happening. Now, many
                             of those players are also gaining shares. Who is actually eating into
                             the unorganized or whatever is coming is coming on because the
                             industry or category itself is going is hard to say. But we typically as
                             a branded player in this industry do not play at price points or
                             service levels or product quality which the unorganized sector
                             would be in. And hence, my belief is we are competing more at the
                             upper end of the market.

Nishant Gupta:               Got it, sir. Got it. Thanks, sir. Thank you. All the best.

Moderator:                   The next question is from the line of Ajish from Investor Things.
                             Please go ahead.

Ajish:                       Yes. So, for the $1 billion sales target, can you tell me any timeframe
                             which you guys are able to achieve it?

Akshat Seth:                 See, given where we are, I am staying away from forecast, but the
                             first milestone and what is within our side is doubling ourselves
                             from where we currently are. And that line of sight over the next two
                             to three years is very much on the horizon.

Ajish:                       Okay. Very good. And any comment on a long-term ROE target or a
                             consolidated operating profit margin, something like that?




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                          Page 15 of 20

===== PAGE 17 =====
Akshat Seth:                 See, again, at that level that I am talking about, the idea is to start
                             inching towards the double-digit operating profit level. That is again
                             the first milestone for us to achieve.

Ajish:                       Okay, sir. And for the products which are offered by Parador, and if
                             you are entering to and expanding to market like India, so how
                             much is the organized, the unorganized, the market share
                             combination in India as of right now; do you guys have numbers
                             right now?

Akshat Seth:                 For Parador products?

Ajish:                       Yes.

Akshat Seth:                 So, overall, Parador type of products in India is a INR 1,000 crore -
                             INR 1,200 crore category. Much of it in recent years, a certain section
                             of it, especially on designer flooring, the vinyl flooring, there are a
                             few local players and also on laminate. I do not think there is too
                             much of unorganized play here. There is also a fair amount of
                             infusion from China and Southeast Asia produced products coming
                             into the country. In terms of numbers, I would say these imports will
                             account for about 30% of what is being consumed here. A good 40%
                             to 50% is local production and then the rest is imports from
                             elsewhere. But there is no real unorganized sector play.

Ajish:                       Okay. Thank you.

Moderator:                   The next question is from the line of Parikshit Gupta from Fair Value
                             Capital. Please go ahead.

Parikshit Gupta:             Thank you very much for the follow-up. This is just on the status for
                             the capacity expansions. For the OPVC plant in Bihar, are we still on
                             track on commissioning in the Quarter 4 of this financial year?

Akshat Seth:                 Yes, we are.

Parikshit Gupta:             Understood. And you mentioned that the Chennai line has already
                             commissioned now, right, so what kind of utilization is it currently
                             running at, and for the next few quarters, how do you expect that
                             utilization to move?

Akshat Seth:                 So, as of July, we have already sort of ramped up to about 50%
                             capacity utilization in every month that is ramping up. Our
                             expectation is that we should start hitting the 75% number in
                             another four to five months’ time.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 16 of 20

===== PAGE 18 =====
Parikshit Gupta:             Understood. And while at it, would you be able to please share what
                             was the capacity utilization for all of our segments in this quarter? I
                             know it is a very limited data point, not to be extrapolated, but I
                             would just like to understand what the numbers were please?

Akshat Seth:                 So, on an average, if I go by segment in roofs, we would be close to
                             85%, 90%. Ajay, is there a different number?

Ajay Kapadia:                This quarter it is upwards of that.

Akshat Seth:                 What is the number?

Ajay Kapadia:                This quarter it is 100% utilization in roofs.

Akshat Seth:                 Okay.

Ajay Kapadia:                In blocks, it is around 75% to 80% utilization, panels and boards both
                             put together is 85% utilization and the pipes business are roughly
                             around 70% utilization.

Parikshit Gupta:             Understood, sir. Just to follow on this, I might be interpreting it
                             incorrectly. Considering that the roofing segment was at 100%
                             utilization; however, the top line came down. So, how is this, I mean,
                             is it a factor of built-up inventory or is there something different that
                             I am not understanding here?

Akshat Seth:                 So, at the volume level, there is a very marginal decline. So, it is just
                             a 1% decline. Last year, from a volume perspective, again, we were
                             nearing that 100% utilization level. So, I do think the revenue drop is
                             largely on account of price rather than volume.

Parikshit Gupta:             Understood. And that would be to the tune of almost 4% you are
                             saying from the previous year?

Akshat Seth:                 3% to 4%, that is right.

Parikshit Gupta:             Understood. These were all my questions. Thank you very much
                             again for answering throughout and good luck for the current
                             quarter.

Akshat Seth:                 Thank you, Parikshit.

Moderator:                   The next question is from the line of Sanjay Kumar Elangovan from
                             ithought PMS. Please go ahead.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                          Page 17 of 20

===== PAGE 19 =====
Sanjay Kumar:                Hi, Akshat. Hi, Ajay, sir. So, first question on Parador, what was the
                             volume growth in Q1? Also, you would have had significant benefit
                             from currency rupee depreciation, right?

Akshat Seth:                 Sanjay, your voice is slightly muffled. If you could repeat the
                             question?

Sanjay Kumar:                Yes. So, what was the volume growth in Q1 for Parador?

Akshat Seth:                 Yes, Parador volume, term there is a degrowth, price, there has been
                             an increase. So, there is a price increase both from the pricing
                             changes or revisions we have done plus, there is a product mix
                             benefit that we have got. As a result, the revenue drop is only about
                             3%.

Sanjay Kumar:                Okay. And you also had significant benefit from currency, right? If
                             you can quantify how much we gained from the rupee
                             depreciation?

Akshat Seth:                 About 6% to 7%. Ajay?

Sanjay Kumar:                And volume degrowth was 10%, is it?

Akshat Seth:                 That is right.

Sanjay Kumar:                Okay. Request you to keep the commentary consistent in the
                             presentation because like last quarter you mentioned both volume
                             and revenue because we had posted a growth, this quarter, you
                             missed it and you mentioned only revenue. Second on Parador,
                             what is the share of US revenue? Also, do our competitors, I do not
                             know, say Tarkett, Mohawk, do they have plants in the US or do they
                             import from other countries, just asking from the tariff perspective.

Akshat Seth:                 So, from a tariff perspective, the interesting bit about the US market
                             is nearly 60% to 65% of the relevant category of flooring is imported
                             into US from various parts of the world. So, that is why the tariff
                             situation, especially from our industry perspective is expected to
                             have some inflationary impact on the price levels in that market.

Sanjay Kumar:                No. Do we have any advantage because we manufacture in Europe
                             and let us say others manufacture elsewhere in higher tariff
                             countries?

Akshat Seth:                 Again, the full picture has to finally emerge, but given the levels that
                             have been announced, there might be a slight advantage. This is
                             relative to the imports. Anything that is manufactured in the US,




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                         Page 18 of 20

===== PAGE 20 =====
                             there will still be a disadvantage. Now, two examples, engineered
                             wood, a large part of the engineered wood, come from Canada
                             where the tariff level is higher than what it is in Europe. So, that
                             could be an advantage. Second, there is a fair amount of imports
                             that happen from China, Southeast Asia, where again Europe will
                             have a slight advantage. But having said that, I am repeating that
                             production that happens within the US will obviously be at a relative
                             advantage compared to Europe. So, how does that actually play
                             out? I think we are watchful, but we remain quietly confident that
                             it does not in any way negatively impact our prospects in that
                             market.

Sanjay Kumar:                Got it. Okay. Second on roofing, you said in the last call, we asked if
                             12%-13% is a new normal and you said the first milestone is 15%-16%.
                             But now we are sub 10%. So, how do we look at roofing segment
                             margins going forward -- is 9%-10% the new normal or do you still
                             think 15% is gettable let us say a few quarters from now?

Akshat Seth:                 At an operating profit level, this quarter itself was about 14% for us.
                             Is it lower than what we expected? Yes, it is. This is now the second
                             consecutive year where there is a year-on-year price drop. We
                             would have expected a correction to happen this year which has
                             not come through and which is also part of the reason why the
                             results are less than flattering for most players in this industry. So,
                             the route to improve profitability has to come from better pricing in
                             the market.

Sanjay Kumar:                Okay. And any risk from US tariffs on Brazil? Does that change any
                             raw material dynamics for us?

Akshat Seth:                 Not directly. I think two factors to keep in mind or keep a watch on.
                             One is, of course, the currency exchange rate. Second, how does the
                             shipping, the freight rates pan out could be another thing to watch
                             out. But specifically, no direct impact from the tariff rate on our raw
                             material supply base. But these are the two things which are sort of
                             part of the overall value that we pay for that. And that is something
                             to watch out for.

Sanjay Kumar:                Okay. Final question is on OPVC. We are told that you guys are
                             talking to Chinese partners for the OPVC machine. We took
                             feedback on both Chinese and the Indian OEMs. But none of them
                             at least as of now do not match the quality standards and fail quality
                             tests in terms of, let us say, the degree of orientation or consistency
                             in orientation across the entire length of the product. So, who is our
                             supplier? Who are we talking to? We heard that we are in
                             discussion with Bayer Machinery and not the ones that other



 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                        Page 19 of 20

===== PAGE 21 =====
                             companies are talking to, like, say, Bosso or Polytime. So, is Bayer
                             qualified to make class 500 pipes? How is their quality? And where
                             are we on the OPVC journey? Because last quarter, we spoke about
                             it in a big way, but I do not see any mention in the current quarter
                             of the presentation.

Akshat Seth:                 Yes, see, it does not matter, the source of it. Eventually, these are
                             BirlaNu OPVC pipes. And the quality promise and the specification
                             promise has to come from our brand. It has to match with what the
                             industry standards, the specifiers, let us say a lot of OPVC is bought
                             by government agency, so the specification comes there. And third,
                             BIS standards. So, we will be conforming to those. There is no
                             question about it. If we are entering into that segment with our
                             brand on it, the product will be more than the specification that is
                             demanded there.

Sanjay Kumar:                Okay. Where are we on the journey? I mean, have you ordered
                             machines? What is the capacity that we are looking at? How many
                             machines?

Akshat Seth:                 We have not only ordered machines; as I said, we are on track for
                             commissioning production and supplying beginning Q4. So, we are
                             in advanced stages. Product testing, line testing, commissioning,
                             pre-commissioning activities are currently underway.

Sanjay Kumar:                Okay. Thank you. That is it from my side.

Akshat Seth:                 Thank you Sanjay.

Moderator:                   Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I
                             would now like to hand the conference over to the management
                             for closing comments.

Akshat Seth:                 Thank you, everyone. It has been a pleasure interacting with all of
                             you over this call. Thank you for taking time out and engaging with
                             us today. We at BirlaNu value your continued interest and support.
                             If you have any further questions or would like to know anything
                             more about your company, the results, kindly reach out to our
                             investor relations desk. Thank you very much.

Moderator:                   Thank you. On behalf of BirlaNu Limited, that concludes this
                             conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect
                             your lines

This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document
has been edited without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished
price sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call.




 BIRLANU LTD’S Q1 FY26 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT
                                                                                                     Page 20 of 20
