=== A1 EXTRACTION HEADER ===
source_filename: concall_jnkindia_q1fy27.txt
doctype: concall
page_count_pdfinfo: N.A. (text transcript, not PDF; 1 logical transcript, no discrete PDF pages)
formfeed_count: 0
line_count: 145
unit_convention: N.A. (spoken figures given in Rs Cr / % in the transcript text; no PDF unit table present)
conversion_factor_to_cr: N.A. (text-sourced transcript; no unit conversion applicable, figures as spoken/typed by source)
ocr_pages: none (plain text supplied directly, no OCR performed)
page_coverage: 100%
detected_quarter: Q1 FY27
extraction_date: 2026-08-12
=== END HEADER ===

[transcript]
   1	JNK India Limited — Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call — Transcript (verbatim, operator-supplied text)
   2	
   3	Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to JNK India Limited Q1 FY27 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listenon mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your Touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Patil from ICICI securities. Thank you and over to you sir.
   4	Thank you. Good morning to all. On behalf of ICI securities, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY27 earnings call of JMK India Limited. Today we have with us from the management Mr. Arvin Kamat, chairperson and volime director, Mr. Deepak Baruka, CEO and vol time director and is an senior manager investor relations. We'll begin with opening remarks from the management which will be followed by a Q&A. Thank you and over to you sir. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining JNK India Limited's Q1 FY27 earnings conference call. I hope you have had an opportunity to go through our financial results and investor presentation. which are available on the company's website and on the stock exchanges. Before I discuss the business outlook, I would like to highlight an important aspect of our quarterly performance and the inherent seasonality of our business. Our revenue recognition is typically backended given the project based nature of our business, the engineering and procurement cycle, vendor supplies and the timing of project execution. Historically Q1 contributes about 10 to 15% of our fully year revenue while H1 contributes 30 to 35%. H2 accounts for the remaining 60 to 70% of our annual revenue. Therefore sequential improvement in revenue through the year is a normal feature of our business with Q3 and Q4 being significantly stronger than the first half. We continue to work towards making execution more uniform. However, the project cycle and and supply timelines mean the some degree of seasonality will remain. Our order book as on 30th of June 2020 6 stood at,81 crores providing us with a very healthy base of executable projects for the year. Our revenue growth guidance of around 20 to 25% remains intact. We also maintain our fullear IITA margin guidance of about 12 to 14%. We are progressing on projects such as BPCL Bina project where execution is underway and a significant portion of the project revenue is expected to be recognized during FY27 and also on FY28. This provide us with a good base of revenue visibility as we move throughout the year. We continue to see encouraging traction across both istic and international markets. Our current overall opportunity pipeline is more than rupees 6,000 crores with a broadly balanced 50/50% mix between international and domestic opportunities. While heating continues to remain a core strength for us about 60% of the current opportunity pipeline is related to the heating equipment while the remaining 40% comprises process plants and other special fabricated equipment and adjacent technology-led EPC opportunities. This diversification is strategically important for us because it allows us to leverage our existing engineering project execution and qualification capabilities across a much broader opportunity set. On the export side, Africa remains an important market for us, particularly countries such as Nigeria and Ethiopia where significant investments are being planned. and across refining petrochemicals and fertilizers. We also continue to see opportunities across the Middle East and other international markets. As we have highlighted earlier, the qualification and execution of large and technically complex projects provides us with an important advantage as successful execution strengthens our ability to qualify for similar projects with other customers and licensers. Alongside this opportunity, pipeline. We also enter FY27 with a healthy execution base with several large projects already underway. At the same time, we remain focused on disciplined order selection and execution. Our objective is not simply to grow the order book, but to build a sustainable order pipeline with healthy margins, manageable execution requirements, and attractive long-term opportunities. At the same time, we are taking further steps to diversify our business into new and existent opportunities that can become important growth avenues for J&T India over the medium term. While heating equipment continues to remain a core strength for us, we are increasingly leveraging our existing engineering fabrication and project execution capabilities to address opportunities beyond our traditional areas of operation. Our such upcoming avenue are the offshore and metals and minerals industry with the focus also on renewable energy. Importantly, This is an extension of capabilities that we already posess rather than a entirely new area for us. We have the required engineering and execution capabilities and our focus now is to strengthen these further for the specific requirements of offshore applications and leverage them to address the larger opportunity emerging in this segment. We believe that these adjacent opportunities can help us expand our addressable market while building on the capabilities and expertise that we have developed over the years. years. This is an important part of our broader strategy to gradually diversify JNK India beyond its traditional heating equipment business and reduce the dependency on large capex based orders in the refining and pet businesses. I would also like to provide some context around the recent order cancellation. The large export order received on June 8th, 2026 was subsequently cancelled solely due to the technical approval require. ments. The international EPC contractor who had awarded the contract to J&K India was confident of securing the required technical approval from the licenser. However, the approval did not materialize in time. Importantly, the cancellation happened at a very early stage and we had not incurred costs against this order. Therefore, this cancellation does not result in any material cash loss for the company. I would also like to emphasize that this is an exceptional and rare occurrence and is not related to our execution capability, technical performance, efficiency or commercial competitiveness. Licensing and regulatory approvals are an inherent future feature of the industries in which we operate and in many cases themselves constitute an important entry barrier. In this instance, the cancellation was primarily driven by the end users licensing and approval requirements and not by any issue with JNK India's capability or execution. Now moving on to our joint venture of JNK Chemist Technologies. Chemist is an important part of our long-term strategy as we expand beyond our traditional engineering and heating equipment business into green hydrogen, sustainable fuels and chemicals. The business has a relatively high fixed cost base at this stage and therefore the lower revenue typically seen in the Q1 results in results in the operating losses. However, I'm However, the JV has contributed 8.8% to the group revenue in the quarter 1 of FY27. However, as the business skills scales up through the upcoming quarters, we expect the operating leverage to improve meaningfully. More importantly, we remain confident about the long-term potential of this business, particularly given the technology capabilities and opportunities we are pursuing in green hydrogen, sustainable fuels, and and related areas. Overall, as we look at financial year 27, we see a healthy combination of projects already under execution, a sizable and increasingly diversified opportunity pipeline, and new avenues that can expand our addressible market over the medium term. Our focus remains on executing the existing projects efficiently, converting the domestic and international opportunity pipeline into quality orders, and continuing to build capabilities in adjacent and technology-led areas. Coming to consolidated financial performance, our order book as on 30th of June stood at,81 crores. Consolidated revenue grew by 80.6% yearonear to 186 crores in Q1 FY27. IITA for the quarter grew by 3.1 times yearon year to rupees 21.9 crores in Q1 FY27. with the margin stood at 11.8% in Q1 FI27 as compared to 7% in the last year. However, as a standalone for JNK India, the IVITA margin at 14% over the last year's 7% compared to last quarter. Pack for the quarter grew by 8.5 times year on year to rupees 9.6 crores in Q1 FI27. with fat margin of 5.2% in this quarter as compared to 1.1% in the last quarter on a consolidated level. So with this uh now we are open for any questions please.
   5	
   6	Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue You may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, may we repeat for a moment while the question cube assembles. The first question is from the line of Kamhar from Lotus Asset Manager. Please proceed.
   7	Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity sir and congress for uh strong performance. Just one question like you have addressed the structural issues in the business. that we want to diversify. I I I would not say it's a structural issue like say we want to more diversify our business more like say more on a recurring business rather than having a uh oneoff type of budget. So like say what is our target now with on a medium-term basis like say over next three years what revenue uh levels we are going to target be given the fact that renewed focus on other business segment as well. Hi, good afternoon Kamish. Uh uh basically see I think we have given a revenue guidance for this year in terms of growth of about 20 to 25%. So I think that's the kind of a growth we do uh hope to achieve on a medium term year on year that's the kind of a plans what we have and that that is where we kind of diversifying into a bit more broader horizons into the other sectors and also the product and the capabilities in terms of the technology-led EPC business so that we can have this kind of a uniform growth year on year
   8	like say I I do understand that you have a target of 20 25% growth for this year but like say uh in five uh 28 29 so given the current capacity what maximum revenue we can do because like say uh entering into new businesses that is that will take it own time. So it is not going to come in a in a in a very sooner manner. So what capabilities do we have in those other segments where the revenues can be ramped up uh on a on an expedited manner? So where do we see beyond this year?
   9	Okay. Uh hi Kamesh. Uh yes we understand your question. So you you're basically you want to know more about our diversification strategy and what what targets we are having uh on the revenue side to come for maybe medium-term 3 years or 4 years 5 years. So as Arvin told in his opening address so coming to around 3 to 5 years we want to move this non-heating segment to around 40% of our revenue should come from the and that is the target we are having and accordingly we are diversifying in various items like a processed plant, steel, metals and minerals business and many other businesses. So as uh we as you as you rightly said we are we like to focus more on the recurring business than the one of the opportunities and it has its own entry barriers. It will take it we will not be able to ramp up these diversification in a year or two but going forward we anticipate another four to five years time we should be able to get a healthy mix of around 40% from this diversificance strategy which we are implementing uh now. now and going forward. I hope uh I could answer your question.
  10	Yeah. And lastly sir, any update on Dangote order and apart from that like the reform or where are we in terms of getting those orders and what is our order inflow guidance for BA?
  11	Yeah, see on the Zangote as you know we had we were the supplier for the phase one. Now phase two is still under the discussion and we stand a good chance of getting it. Of course, uh by for the obvious reason we it is a it will be the repeat order for us but we are still under the discussion and we do not have anything which we can disclose publicly uh till we get uh some commitment from or some official commitment from the client
  12	and guidance on the order closing this year sir.
  13	This year we expect the for order book as uh
  14	basically we have a pipeline of about 6,000 crores kamish you must have seen that and traditionally our heat rate has been 20 to 25%. So I think you know we kind of expecting the similar heat rate this year as well yeah
  15	great sir and best of luck thanks
  16	thank you thank you thank you thank you
  17	thank you the next question is from the line of Deepak Purwani from Swan Investments please proceed Hi s uh congratulation for good set of numbers and
  18	thank you
  19	thank you for the opportunity um so just wanted to consider uh uh just wanted to ask uh in terms of the big pipeline actually it has increased from 4,000 to 6,000 cr during this time if you can get a broader sense which are the key projects which have been added in the bid pipeline and secondly From the uh bidding to awarding stage, how has been the momentum at this point of time? How how how are we seeing the development at this point of time? How these are shaping up? Are they happening at a faster or this is slow down because West crisis? If you can get a broader sense on these aspect that would be really helpful.
  20	Yeah. Uh see basically on the bridge pipeline u as I mentioned earlier The export opportunity is about 50% that is around 3,000 crores. So that is uh mainly on the heating equipment and as uh we already also informed in the previous question and answer that uh these could likely to get finalized soon and uh the other opportunities are domestic which is 3,000 plus crores. They are mainly more of a non-heating equipment kind of a business. So they're on technology technology led EPC projects and in renewable energy, metals and minerals u and also into oil and gas. So uh these could get finalized in anywhere about say uh 3 to 6 months or 6 to 8 months time. So overall we expect that all these pipeline should get finalized in this financial year.
  21	Okay. So just continuing on this part uh would it be fair to say this big pipeline has increased from the last time to this time mainly because of the nonrenewable part.
  22	Uh sorry
  23	nonheating part.
  24	Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We would agree with that. Yeah, that's true. Mainly because of non Yeah. And we diversifying into the other Yeah. product.
  25	Okay. And secondly, like uh if you can also just give a sense in in in terms of the non-heating part uh what would be a scope of work in these kind of uh industries? And uh I mean though you mentioned about over a period of time 40% what how big can be the opportunity from this part and uh and what about getting the qualification and necessary regulatory requirement if you can just share the broader perspective on all these aspect that would be really helpful. So
  26	uh deeper on the scope as far as scope is concerned most of this project we have a common scope like our heating equipment it will engineering, procurement, fabrication and construction and commissioning and uh way to of course there are as we rightly as we stayed stated in the opening address there are entry barriers and entry barriers are mainly related to the technology. So our strategy is to tie up with the major technology providers in this field and get ourselves qualified based on our experience in the heating equipment or process plant which we are currently executing. uh that is how otherwise skill skill set remains the same. It's the same engineering, same fabrication facilities, same construction capabilities. So basically though it is coming from the non-heating equipment uh our manpower or capabilities or competencies remains almost 70 80% same. Whatever little addition we need to do in the capabilities is we are doing over the period of time because we are already executing the project in the non-heating equipment like uh one for the Tata projects we are TA Tata steel we are executing Joda one for HPCL we are executing so there is nothing different we need to do as far as our competencies are concerned
  27	okay and also I mean in the previous call we had also mentioned about some of the opportunity we are exploring in the power segment so if you can just give a broader sense of that part as well MCD I think MCT I am not able to recall anything
  28	about the NTPC orders for the NTP.
  29	Yeah but that's not in the power that's in the they are putting up the nano ura plant it's more on the green green green ammonia green ura
  30	so it is not in the power sector NTPC is also diversifying in some of these like fertilizer and renewable fuel and those are the opportunities uh which we are trying to explore and we our plan is to bid for those opportunities and they they are part of our bit pipeline.
  31	Okay. And uh finally just wanted to uh double check on the margin trend. I mean this time our gross margin is actually improved but a margin has come down and one of the reason which I can see is increase in the employee cost. So uh just wanted to check it out there this is general for the ramping up the business we have increased the man power and which has led to the short-term comp transitionary compression in the margin but on the broader side it is it still remain on intact uh for the broader trajectory
  32	yeah that's correct but just to clarify as I mentioned in the opening remarks as well if you break it down for JNK India alone we have achieved a bit of 14% which is you know which is as per the guideline and I think which is what our kind of you know what we are looking at and which is also good because it uh even with a comparatively lower revenue of Q1 about 170 crores we still could uh achieve a EVITA of 14%. Now what has happened is with chemist uh being I mean okay it's it's being the first quarter and you know just the initial stages so there uh the there has been a loss of operating loss of about 3.6 crores so That's why the IITA has come down to about 11.8%.
  33	Okay. Okay.
  34	But still it's comparing to I would say last year quarter and quarter it's a very I think substantially good figure. Number one. Number two is also considering the lower revenue of Q1 which is a you know cyclical the nature of the business is is considering that also I think it's it's a good uh uh figure we could what we have achieved.
  35	Okay. Eventually uh from the
  36	sorry to interrupt you Mr. Deepak but can you please rejoin the queue as there are
  37	just it was just a follow up of the final question just wanted to confirm on this part uh I mean just continuing on the margin front uh from the hike in the raw material prices and everything uh have we face any issue on this part or since everything is on track and everything is passive to the consumer or how should we read into it?
  38	Uh yes there is There are commodities price fluctuating but as far as ongoing projects are concerned these are already factored in our costing and most of the orders are already placed and we place the order on our sub vendor on a fixed price uh basis so that whatever the fluctuation is happening it is not having any major impact on our margins for the ongoing projects.
  39	Okay. Okay. Thank you for answering the question and wish you all the best sir.
  40	Thank you. Thanks. Thank you. A request to all participants. Please restrict your questions to two question per participant. For more questions, please rejoin the queue. The next question is from the line of Shubhham Burad from ICIC Securities. Please proceed.
  41	Uh hi uh thanks for taking my question and congratulations on good setup. Uh number uh I have two questions. First being can you please help us uh with the break up of 60 million order prospects uh between uh which large project it includes in domestic and international and uh second being uh why JNK has opted to open overseas office in uh Iraq like what kind of order prospects uh you can see in medium term there.
  42	Yeah. Uh basically uh as I mentioned already earlier We uh we currently we have about 3,000 crores of a big pipeline in exports and about 3,000 plus crores in domestic and exports is most of them are related to the heating equipment business and domestic is mainly the non-heating equipment business focused on various opportunities various project based opportunities in um um you know renewable energy segments metal and minerals etc. And uh in terms of uh uh answering to question about Iraq. Yeah, Iraq now is they are coming up with lot of projects in u oil and gas and refining and pete and allied areas which is which is our core competence as well. So we are also looking at uh kind of expanding our business like as we have done already business in many of the countries. So we feel Iraq also could be one good opportunity but yeah we are looking at the options and that's why we just opened up or we have kind of taken a board approval yesterday to register a branch office and we do have a agent there and there are some upcoming opportunities there as well.
  43	Okay, that was it from my side. Thanks.
  44	Thank you.
  45	Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikodia from Sunidi Securities. Please proceed. So uh good afternoon everyone. Uh so first of all congratulations on the uh great set of topline growth and the kind of uh bid pattern that you have. Uh while you have answered few of my questions I had few uh one few straightforward uh questions and few uh strategic uh broadbased questions. So uh the things that you are getting into the newer businesses. So if you can quantify what could be the time uh and what of uh what component is already included in the build pipeline or we like yet to see anything in that sense. What could be the uh top line uh that we can get from the businesses the margin profile and when can we see material contribution coming in uh in the uh top line from those businesses?
  46	Yeah. Hi. Uh yeah, basically in the bit pipeline mainly in the domestic bit pipeline there are uh whatever the new areas we mentioned metals, minerals and offshore. Yeah, some of the smaller bits are uh in involved there as well now. So the opportunities are in that uh area and uh as we mentioned earlier see basically we want to move wherein we are able to get like in the midterm we looking at say 60% from heating equipment and 40% from the alive business because this business also has a lot lot of entry barriers and kind of you know with the technology partner how large bid you can get qualified is also a question and we do not want to take uh substantial exposure to start with where we would like to take a comparatively smaller opportunity so that we also get more confidence going about and in terms of the margins we are always looking at in the similar margin range of you know whatever our guided IITA margins are there anywhere from 12 to 14 in in that range so we're very clear that any business we enter we we kind of look to maintaining these margins.
  47	So sir uh number one what could be the time over there and number two you said that obviously in this newer businesses uh I understand that uh in the businesses that were already there your uh right to win has already been proved with the kind of uh qualifications and the uh uh other modes that you have. So in this businesses uh like what what is the uh uh right to win that you have and what could be the tan the addressable market basically the tan uh uh in this in terms of obviously every business has a different in say offshore currently only in India uh the TAM is somewhere around 300 to 500 million and in metals and minerals it is about 500 million to 1 billion so that's the current TA only in India not mentioning about any of the export opportunities and u yeah so basically we are trying to get whatever we could However, the sizes of these opportunities what we are looking at is anywhere between you know something like uh say around $30 million to $50 to $60 million kind of a project. So the the the advantage what we have is being a a midsize uh kind of a company which is focused on engineering procurement and also construction the capabilities what we have uh today in these segments say up to say 000 crores. There are not really uh many good uh professional organization which can handle these projects effectively. Most of the uh companies which are known in this industry like Lassen and Tubro for example so or technique or or these kind of companies they are going for a larger opportunities they generally don't like to bid for the opportunities which are uh up to say 1,000 up to 2,000 crores. So this is the kind of a segment which we feel is is is a good opportunity for us and that's why we want to focus on.
  48	So sir having said that uh since this will be new segment for us so the hit ratio will be lower than 20 25% that you are claiming right now.
  49	Yeah that is what we want to add this being a new sector we will be bit cautious so we are expecting our heat ratio should be anything around 10 to 12% not more than that and this will take time for us to prove our qualification because we'll be many of these projects we will be bing first time. So it may take couple of projects for us to understand dynamics and qualifications and nitty-g gritties. So we we are not uh like for the heating segment we have traditionally been 20 to 25%. Here we are expecting around 10 odd percentage our heating ratio at least to start within next couple of years.
  50	Okay. Uh sir one last question that I have is u uh from the parent JNK global. So if you can throw some light as to uh what sort of projects are we doing? Uh how many projects you would have done for the uh global parent and also in the newer businesses that you're getting into. So what can come from uh global and what what kind of a business do you have standalone qualifications as you speak from the entire time and the bit partner that you have said
  51	see on the business side yes as you know we are doing BPCL bina uh with the genk global and there are a couple of projects we are building along with the JNK global in India and uh outside definitely uh I mean if I had to tell you that there are four projects in our order group from JNK global which are uh like BPCAL project is there then one USA project is there and Petronas Phoenix project but they are all small is BPCA and uh what was your next I think you asked two questions I forgot next question
  52	so uh What uh so like in that sense uh in the current uh orders how much do you think GNK global is going to contribute like uh the uh setup that we have about royalty and all of those things. So in that sense how much order are we expecting uh to come from GNK global and uh as we speak today what is the uh uh mandate as to like what sort of projects can we do on a standalone basis wherein uh like we don't need the linkage with the parent.
  53	See uh all domestic project if we get qualified we can do uh on standalone basis. All export project we will be doing together. I mean gen global will be getting the orders and they will be subcontracting to us. It is a backto-back basis. As far as the fire reformer and crack cracking furnace are concerned but when it comes to the incinators flares those orders we are booking directly globally or within domestic uh market. There is no tie up with and there is no qualification. of a JNK global in that field. Uh so this is this is how current arrangement is.
  54	Okay. Sir one last small question can yeah sorry you asked what is your expected order books from JNK Global. Yes as we said that export orders mainly are in the hitting segment. So all those we are bidding through JNK Global and those are all expected from through JNK Global.
  55	Okay. So one last small question if I can squeeze in uh So uh the Iraq thing that you uh told so the uh setting up so that will be a sales office that will be setting up and obviously the uh exports and everything will happen from the Mumbra facility itself. Correct is the understanding correct?
  56	Current current current our mandate is this will be more of a registered paper office. Going forward we will you will evaluate the opportunities based on case to case basis. We will start with the proper sales office and then we may add up engineering execution depending on the requirement. Because in the Iraq it is a mandatory to have the local registered office to do the project there and as a first step we are planning to register I mean we have taken the approval to register the office there and we will not have any setup as of now but going forward yes we our plan is to build the proper setup as far as sales uh sales office is concerned and rest of the thing depends on the order of the clip.
  57	Okay sir uh thank you very much for answering our questions those were my questions and uh all the best for it which is very heartening to see that we are still trying to increase the uh top line and diversifying our business uh to the sectors as and when we can. Thank you sir.
  58	Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thanks a lot.
  59	Thank you. A request to all participants. Please restrict your questions to two question per participant. For more questions please rejoin the queue. The next question is from the line of Ram Modi from PL Capital. Please proceed.
  60	Hi good. No s so just wanted to check you know uh being our industry being little bit on the working capital intensive side and given our target growth rate of around 20 25% for next two few years where are we cons will we get constrained on the working capital side or we can you know support our growth with this uh support the growth without uh raising any funds here.
  61	Yeah. Hi hi Modi. So basically couple of advantages what we have had uh and what you know we likely to have is also is that mainly businesses coming from uh the companies like Reliance and also from the private companies and even in BPC Dina for example the payment terms have been quite I would say more friendly where not too much of a uh negative cash flow is there so which will uh which helps in terms of the order execution without putting too much strain on the working capital. This has helped us in the large order execution. And second point also because you know as we were explaining about JNK Global's role like BPCL Vina for example is through uh along with JNK Global and now some of the export opportunities which we have paid is also along with JNK global. So this also helps us uh in terms of the working capital because they submit the bank guarantees and they get the payments and then the payments is passed on to us. So for us uh the working capital becomes more easier without even submitting the BG. So I think with these two advantage being on the line so we should be able to uh manage the working capital for for quite some time now and uh will this be same for our new businesses because if those are bulldo balance uh you know new businesses would we need to take on our balance sheet and do those orders. I mean we are quite conscious about that. So to the extent possible where you know any kind of a sizable opportunities we take it with the uh staggered payment terms only unless it is a very small opportunities which we really want to go to add on to our reference or something like that only then we could look at those as a you know with comparatively lower advance or lower uh down payments.
  62	Okay. So our business is basically
  63	sorry to interrupt you Mr. Modi but can you please join the queue as there are many participants waiting for the
  64	only last question last question from my side.
  65	Sorry sir but there are
  66	many participants. Please rejoin the queue. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil Sangli from Monach Network Capital. Please proceed.
  67	Uh sir congratulations for a resilient one and uh my first question is uh could you give uh some examples of the kind of projects you aim to undertake under this new diversification that you've announced in the uh metals minerals general engineering side. Uh just to get more sense of what kind of projects would these be.
  68	So on the metals and minerals side now we are first we are bidding for a couple of projects on the material handling side for example we'll not be able to give you the specific project details but yes uh type of project is m handing and processing or electric hot furnaces which they require for the steel melting and overmelting. So those are the kind of projects we are looking for bidding in the first place and on the other like offshore also we are as we said we are also bidding for some projects on the offshore or EPC like some nano area plant uh which is being set up being proposed by some of the PSUs in India. Those are the opportunities which we are exploring on phosphoric acid plant or few on the petrochemical side. These are the opportunities which we are exploring and we are planning to build for these projects.
  69	Okay. Okay. So um follow up on this would be that u will we need some u past track record uh I mean um will we need some partner on this front technical partner or some past track record or we can scale up ourselves as we keep on taking up new projects.
  70	So, so there are always for the qualification there is one two part one is the technology and other is EPC experience. So, as far as EPC and financial experience is concerned, we are good to go. We have no problem. But when it comes to the technology, we need a technology partner and we are already tied up with three four such technology partners with whom we are currently bidding for the ongoing opportunities. Got it sir. And my last question is uh with respect to chemist um what level of revenue should we expect should should the entry become break even?
  71	See we I mean our expectation is by year end we should be able to get it into the green. Uh so I'll not be able to give you exact number but yes uh our plan or the way we are projecting it we should be able to book by year end. I'm not talking about a particular quarter but if you see overall uh overall year end figures at the end of this year we will be in the green.
  72	Okay sir. Thank you and all the best.
  73	Thank you.
  74	Thank you. The next question is from the line of Oman Gang from Invest Analytics Advisory. Please proceed. Are you there?
  75	As there is no response, I'm taking the next question from the line of Shua from I thought PMS. Please proceed.
  76	Um, thank you for the opportunity sir. I just had one question. So in our DRP it is mentioned that the cooperation agreement that we have with AMK Global is for a period of 3 years and it is uh set to be renewed after that. So could you just give me an update on whether it was renewed and the commercial agreements are still the same.
  77	So uh okay it is not yet renewed but uh there is I think it has the expiry of uh 3 years or till it gets revised if uh I'm not wrong we'll check it but our um agreement remains the same there is no change in the agreement our and our plan and intent is also to continue on the same agreement we are not anticipating or expecting any change in that agreement?
  78	Okay. So, but it has not yet been renewed, right?
  79	Okay. No, no, not officially yet renewed, but we we will check it. Our understanding is it is already in force or the it will automatically be continued.
  80	Okay sir. Got it. Thank you.
  81	Thank you. Thank you.
  82	Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suyash Jan from Mangala's Benijan Trades. Please proceed. Hello. Am I audible?
  83	Yes.
  84	Yes sir.
  85	Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to know is the in the gent uh business is the company pursuing to uh do technology licensing as a revenue stream.
  86	Yeah. I mean that that is the ultimate aim the way the reason we are together is mainly to develop that licensing and technology part going forward. So answer to your question is yes. Okay. So uh with this hydrogen project uh what sort of profit and uh revenue you are seeing for SR 27 and if you can give a guidance about S28 also.
  87	No your question is related to Jenk Chemis or in general.
  88	Yeah CDIS in Jenk Chemis hydrogen part
  89	in Jenk Chemist for the green hydrogen current order execution what they're doing is about 50 crores and uh that that that should get completed uh almost say in this year and we might get spilled over some to Q1 of next year.
  90	Okay. So I wanted to know what are the cost advantages with this your hydrogen process compared to electrolyer based hydrogen production in percentage.
  91	Uh yeah basically they the in the process what JNK chemist has the hydrogen green Hydrogen is a byproduct. So it's basically from ethanol we make ethileacetate and hydrogen is a byproduct. So that's the major advantage. So the cost wise uh it it becomes much lower because anyway we have we could also sell ethile acetate as well.
  92	Okay. So you are you have option to
  93	sorry to interrupt you Mr. Suy but can you please rejoin the queue?
  94	Okay thank you.
  95	Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amitab Badia. from Sadhan Venture. Please proceed.
  96	Yeah. Uh thanks for the opportunity. Uh my question is with respect to follow up on the last last week on calls uh with respect to our strategy in terms of export versus import or uh because last time we have more bullish on export opportunities and the domestic orders were uh focused largely on the oil and gas side not on the metal mining side. So So uh one question is is basically on a strategy part that since our qualification is going increasing day by day since we are uh catering to larger orders uh with B&M global and standalone also so our right to win is growing in terms of export opportunity because the size is not limit outside uh but in India we are kind of self limiting to slightly smaller order with a joint venture partner where the risk sharing and all would be slightly a difficult proposition to to comprehend completely by management because the area would be new. So why we are choosing to go on a high risk and high-risk path rather than the the well well thought out plan which we had earlier in earlier contour.
  97	No I think uh no that's not uh correct. I mean basically see the uh you still the plan is in terms of heating equipment the focus is always there and as we already mentioned 60% of the business would be coming from heating equipment only even in terms of medium-term that is 3 to 5 years time correct so the and even in India for heating equipment business there's absolutely no issues any size of orders and like we already executing BPLina along with JNK global that is domestic one of the largest contract what we're executing so this is in terms of the adjacencies is uh just to leverage our existing capability and uh in terms of engineering and project execution into the allied sectors which can give us more uniform growth over a period of time and we could have uh you know the choice to select depending on the what are the opportunities available. So that that's the only thing and uh that these being new sectors we are trying to go for a smaller opportunities at the beginning that's it okay understood thanks for the clarification Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rupesh Datya from Long Equity Partners. Please proceed.
  98	Uh hello sir, thank you for the opportunity. Uh congratulations on good set of results. Uh my my first question sir is at at J&P global level I think there is some fight going on between an activist investor MJ partner and with the board I think matter has landed in the court. Uh I think the crux of the matter is I think he is uh questioning I think the legitimacy of the board decisions based on my understanding. So in in that and I think for for um Nigeria project bidding a lot of uh bank guarantees and other financial uh things have to come from JNK global. So do you do you see that this fight at JNK global level impacting you know our ordering probability especially for the Nigeria project.
  99	Yeah. Hi. Hi Rupesh. Uh just to give a uh you know uh about Nigeria project or any project in Africa. The last time also we were JNK India was quite actively involved in the execution of the project. So uh I mean first of all we are not comprehending any issues at JNK global. So though it is you know the matter is subdued we would not like to comment on that as on now and also in case of any issues JK India itself is capable to execute any of these projects on our own as well so that way we don't see much of an issue okay so then then can we expect orders in Q2 Q3 for both refinery and the fertilizer
 100	see both refinery and fertilizer the order finalization should should happen in Q2 Q3 yeah that's correct
 101	okay okay So the second question sir is I think in in the presentation there is one mistake uh I I think the operating expense for both standalone and uh yeah consolidated issue on
 102	I think the revised filing
 103	I think we already changed and I think the revised filing is going on I think there was some kind of in the standalone mainly I think there was some error in the I think
 104	numbers
 105	mainly profit after tax margin those numbers are more of arithmetic on the bottom few rows and that is being corrected and you will find by end of the day you will find the revised filing there on the website.
 106	Yeah. Regret the inconvenience. I mean it's it's
 107	Yeah. Yeah. So so so the question standalone. Yeah.
 108	Sorry. Sorry. So the two two questions on on that part. One is uh what is the revenue we're expecting at JNKBase this year and and and what is the gross margin? It it looks like a significantly higher gross margin than the rest of the business. That is one and second question is I think in one of the calls you said that uh BPCLina order execution will happen in this year. So if BPC Albina given the complexity of the project higher gross margin uh project than current uh I mean current whatever company average and would we see significant 200300 basis point gross margin expansion through the year. These are the two questions.
 109	Yeah, basically for J&K chemist we are expecting the revenues any where about 10 to 15% of JNK India's revenue in this uh this financial year or next couple of years and in terms of the uh you know the gross margins yeah we we expect that they would also be in the similar line uh as around say 20% or so and uh in terms of BPCLA the execution would happen this year and next year both the years uniformly and Overall, ITA would be in line with whatever we have guided for this year.
 110	Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for asking my question and come back in with you.
 111	Thank you.
 112	Thank you.
 113	Thank you. A reminder to all participants, anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star N1 on their Tashton telephone. The next question is from the line of Kamsh Bmar from Lotus Asset Managers. Please proceed. Yeah, thanks for the followup. So just one uh query or a question is what effort we are taking uh with regard to qualifications or approvals like so that the applic uh project doesn't happen in the future.
 114	See uh as we explained this is something not in our control. Okay. This is our our EPC the company who has given us the order. They are supposed to take this approval and we are also taken by surprise when this issue has been raised. We did our best. So subsequent to that we had a meeting with the licenser. Our team their team rather visited us and qualified us. We got the qualification later. Only thing is they said that that they that cannot be applied to something which is ongoing. So for the future we have received the qualification. letters from them. So this thing if as far as ANO case is concerned nothing could have been done by JNK as a company but going forward yes we will be more diligent and checking for this kind of approval because as Vin said this is very rarest of rare case rather in last 15 years this is the first time we have gone through something like this so but then not it we we can we can call it more of a accident than something which we can which we could have avoided but yes there are dos and don'ts which we are incorporating in our standard operating procedures going forward. So any such orders we'll be testing through these parameters before we accept or before we go we go forward with the execution.
 115	Oh uh so now the license which was applied so now we are in the approved
 116	license was not appe.
 117	Yeah. Okay. So We cannot disclose the name of the licenser but the one which you said is not correct.
 118	Okay. And so secondly like in the last concord if I am correct we were guiding roughly around 14 to 15% margin. So uh so in now we are paying 12 to 14. Okay. Can you clarify on that because does it include the other income earlier was including other income or this time around 12 to 14 is without avail. So just clarification. On that point
 119	for our understanding what we have announced was 12 to 14%. But if for some reason we are missing something uh these numbers we will recheck it. Okay. But there is no change from like what from the last what's last 3 months or 6 months nothing has changed on as far as our margin projection goes. It remains the same.
 120	Okay. And mostly book bookkeeping coaching other income which is like roughly around 6,000 crores. So what are the constituents of that? One I believe is interest income on the FT fix deposit
 121	because in earlier years we have had some reversal of esop cost as well. So can you bifocate what was the part was it more of a uh natural other income or operating other income or how what was the classification if you can highlight that kesh
 122	I can share these numbers with you eventually. Thank you. Thank you.
 123	All right. Thank you.
 124	Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rupes Tatya from Long PD Partners. Please proceed.
 125	Yeah. Hi. Hi. Thank you for the followup. Uh one accounting question is what is what is contract assets and contract liabilities uh consists of because 26 annual record is not yet out. I was looking at annual report and this contact asset contact liability uh breakup is not there.
 126	Yeah. So again uh Rupes um again I can provide this to you and then it'll be a matter of time uh where the annual numbers or the annual report with the break up of the schedules would be provided.
 127	No no so so maybe the the the broader question to ask is uh I think we we we changed the counting from output method.
 128	Yeah. Yeah. Basically from that perspective to answer you is that basically it's the uh whatever you know now we are going on the uh input method. So whatever the expenses we build so we based kind of do the uh account revenue recognition based on that. So that's how this contract assets and contract liabilities comes into the play basically.
 129	Yeah. The new project
 130	contract assets Sorry the the contract asset would be sorry contract assets would be something akin to unbuild revenue right yeah correct correct
 131	so what is unbuild revenue for quarter one that is one question and then I don't understand the contract liabilities part I mean contract liabilities number was also quite big in at least 25 annual report so what consists of contract liabilities
 132	so yeah see unbuild revenue is around 200 crores uh as on uh end of Q1 basically
 133	and what what What was the number for March?
 134	Uh March was also around uh I'll have to check the exact number for March but uh I think should be in the
 135	So I can give you clarity on the number then this quarter is around 200 to 21.
 136	Okay. Okay. So so now just in in unbend revenue we we I mean there is a change in the recognition of the revenue. It looks to me it's a bit bit early now compared to output method. So how how does that change the working capital cycles because unbuild revenue is also you know receivable eventually.
 137	Yeah. Yeah it is but it doesn't change the working capital uh cycle per say because all the payments from the customer goes in line with the you know the payment schedule with the agreed with the customer that does not change basically.
 138	So so then just just to conclude No, no significant debt raising, no significant fundraising at least let's say next four to six quarters. That's a fair conclusion.
 139	Yeah, debt raising I mean yeah absolutely that I think that's a fair conclusion but from the contract receipt point of view we might need a bank guarantee limit enhancement basically you know to that extent we might have to get into the uh bankers uh this thing working in terms of you know the new contract the bank guarantee limits non-f fund based limits we might need to execute certain projects
 140	depending on the project you know requirements and whether it is directly on us from India from exports and depends on the milestones etc.
 141	Okay okay okay thank you thanks for asking
 142	thank you ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments over to you sir Uh thank you everyone for joining us today. We hope we've been able to address all your questions and provided valuable insights into our performance and strategy. If you have any further queries or need any additional information, please feel free to reach out to our team or our investor relations advisor SGA. Thank you.
 143	Thank you.
 144	Thank you.
 145	On behalf of GNK India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.

```yaml
stage: A1-extractor
company: "JNKINDIA"
quarter: "Q1 FY27"
doctype: "concall"
model: claude-sonnet-5
status: complete
page_count: 1
formfeed_count: 0
line_count: 145
unit_convention: "N.A."
conversion_factor_to_cr: "N.A."
ocr_pages: []
page_coverage_pct: 100
detected_quarter: "Q1 FY27"
extract_path: "/home/user/inflection-pipeline/runs/jnkindia-q1fy27/work/extract_concall_jnkindia_q1fy27.txt"
gate_a1: pass
gap_note: ""
```
