
===== PAGE 1 of 8 =====
  
 
www.icra .in 
 Page | 1 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
October 3, 2025 
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited: Rating reaffirmed; rated amount enhanced 
Summary of rating action 
Instrument* 
Previous Rated 
Amount  
(Rs. crore) 
Current Rated 
Amount 
(Rs. crore) 
Rating Action 
Long-term – Fund-based Facilities – Cash 
Credit 75.00 69.27 [ICRA]BBB (Stable); reaffirmed 
Long-term – Fund-based Facilities – Term Loan 75.00 105.73 [ICRA]BBB (Stable); reaffirmed and 
assigned for the enhanced amount 
Total 150.00 175.00   
*Instrument details are provided in Annexure I 
Rationale 
The reaffirmation of the ratings of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOL) favourably factors in its experienced management 
team with requisite professional set -up, which coupled with a reputed client base has been resulting in repeat business. In 
addition, over the years, VOL has backward integrated into manufacturing key AC components, which continues to support its 
profit margins.  
 In FY2025, VOL reported a strong growth in revenues (up 31% on a YoY basis), primarily driven by a healthy demand in the air 
conditioning (AC) segment , which accounts for  around 75% of its revenues . ICRA notes that  VOL has ventured into water 
dispensers, deep freezers, toy components over the last two years  and is also adding semi -automatic washing machines and 
compressors used in refrigerat ion to its product portfolio in FY2026  to diversify its business profile. Notwithstanding the 
healthy revenue growth in FY2025, VOL’s operating profit margin (OPM) moderated to 8.0% in FY2025 from 9.7% in FY2024 
due to its product mix. This coupled with elevated debt level following regular capital expenditure (capex) towards capacity 
expansion and working capital investments to support revenues, led to moderation in debt coverage indicators, besides 
resulting in consistent negative free cash flows. 
VOL is in the midst of incurring  capex of Rs. 140-150 crore towards capacity enhancement and new products  for FY2026 and 
plans to incur another Rs. 150 crore in FY2027 towards capacity enhancement.  ICRA, however, notes that VOL has announced 
Rs. 140 crore  of equity infusion via share warrants, which have been subscribed by Malabar India Fund Limited . Of this , Rs. 
85.0 crore is expected to be infused by March 2026 and the balance by FY2027. The same will be used for supporting the capex 
plans and is expected to keep the borrowing levels range bound . Coupled with ramp -up in capacities, this will lead to 
improvement in the debt coverage indicators over the medium term. This remains a key rating monitorable. ICRA also notes 
that the company has announced that the company has signed a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the 
Government of Maharashtra to invest Rs. 800 crore in Nashik for electronics and motor components. Of the total Rs. 800 crore, 
the company is expected to incur Rs. 170-200 crore for capacity expansion by FY2026. ICRA understands that future capex will 
be for backward integration and will be largely contingent on further equity raise. The quantum of capex incurred, its funding 
pattern as well as the ability of the company to efficiently manage  working capital management  to keep the liquidity 
requirement at manageable level, will remain key rating sensitivities on an ongoing basis.  
The rating also remains constrained by VOL’s exposure to the inherent seasonality in the  refrigeration and air conditioning 
(RAC) business, resulting in volatility in revenues and profitability. Given the seasonality in the RAC industry, the company 
requires sustained working capital loans for its operations to manufacture and distribute its products. It also needs to 
continually invest in building capacit ies and developing new products to meet its customer demands and sustain its 
competitive advantage. Besides, VOL, like other electronics manufacturers, has dependence on imported raw 
===== PAGE 2 of 8 =====
  
 
www.icra .in 
 Page | 2 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
materials/components and is susceptible to any significant supply chain disruption. The rating also considers the company’s 
high product and customer concentration, with a single customer/product accounting for more than 75% of its total revenues 
in FY2025. However, the product and customer concentration are expected to reduce  with the company’s initiatives towards 
manufacturing new products and addition of customers.  
The Stable outlook on the rating reflects ICRA’s expectation that VOL’s credit profile is expected to gradually improve over the 
medium term, supported by equity infusion and ramp-up in capacities, which should limit dependence on external debt.  VOL 
will continue to benefit from its established relationships with its customers and healthy long-term demand of the room AC 
industry, and its product diversification initiatives. 
Key rating drivers and their description 
Credit strengths  
Established track record in  EMS business and strong management team – VOL has nearly 10 years of experience in the 
electronic manufacturing services (EMS) business. The experienced management team with requisite professional set-up is led 
by Mr. Sukrit Bharti, the Managing Director  of the company. Over the past few years, the company has also started 
manufacturing indoor units and outdoor units of air conditioners. The company also started manufacturing water dispensers 
in FY2024, deep freezers in FY2025 and plans to start semi -automatic washing machines and reciprocating compressors in 
FY2026. 
Robust growth in scale of operations, coupled with a reputed client base – The company’s revenues increased by 31% in 
FY2025 on a YoY basis to Rs. 697 crore  owing to healthy sales from the RAC segment. Further, the company is expected to 
witness a healthy revenue growth in the near -to-medium term, driven by increased sales from the newly introduced product 
lines such as water dispensers and deep freezers, as well as upcoming offerings like semi -automatic washing machines and 
reciprocating compressors, along  with a steady rise in sales from the AC segment.  Over the years, VOL has been able to 
maintain a healthy relationship with its reputed client base, resulting in repeat business  besides addition of new customers in 
various segments . Further, VOL re ceived approvals under the production linked incentive (PLI) scheme announced for the 
white goods (air conditioners and LEDs), which is likely to support its growth prospects in the near-to-medium term. 
Favourable outlook for the Indian AC industry supports long -term growth prospects – Increasing urbanisation, climate 
change and improving standards of living are expected to provide a huge opportunity for AC original equipment manufacturers 
(OEMs) in the domestic market. In addition, favourable regulatory developments in the recent past, like the production linked 
incentive (PLI) scheme for the AC component sector, provide strong growth impetus for the industry over the medium-to-long 
term.  
Credit challenges  
Moderate coverage indicators  – In FY2025, VOL’s coverage indicators weakened, as indicated by total debt vis -a-vis the 
operating profit of 5.2 times (4.3 times as on March 31, 2024) and an interest coverage of 2.2 times (2.6 times in FY2024) as 
on March 31, 2025, primarily due to elevated debt level stemming from the ongoing capital expenditure, investments towards 
working capital  and modest profit margins, despite strong revenue growth. However, with planned equity infusion and 
capacity expansion, these metrics are expected to improve over the medium term as returns from new product lines and 
increased operational scale ac crue. VOL is undertaking capital expenditure of Rs. 140 -150 crore in FY2026 and an additional 
Rs. 150 crore in FY2027 for capacity expansion and new products. An equity infusion of Rs. 140 crore  by Malabar India Fund 
Limited will help support these plans and keep borrowings under check.  
Working capital intensive nature of business – Given the competition in the AC industry and its inherent seasonality, the 
company requires large working capital to cater to the customer demands in a timely manner . The company experiences 
extended receivable periods in the RAC segment and accumulates higher inventory at fiscal year -end due to the seasonal 
nature of the RAC business, which in turn lengthens its working capital cycle.  The ratio of the net working capital vis-à-vis the 
===== PAGE 3 of 8 =====
  
 
www.icra .in 
 Page | 3 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
operating income remained high at 35% in FY2025 (albeit improvement from previous years). Nevertheless, the overall working 
capital intensity is anticipated to improve, supported by shorter working capital cycles associated with newly introduced 
product lines compared to the RAC segment.  Besides, the company’s working capital needs are expected to benefit from the 
ongoing reduction in reliance on imports, a trend that has continued over recent years and is expected to decline further.  
Exposed to high product and customer concentration risks – The company derive d around 75% of its top line from a single 
product segment , RAC, and a single customer  in FY2025 , which exposes the company to high product and customer 
concentration risks.  Additionally, demand of ACs is seasonal in nature (January to June) and is susceptible to changes in 
weather conditions. Nevertheless, this concentration has declined from over 80% in FY2024. Moreover, the company plans to 
further diversify its product and customer profiles over the medium term, leading to further reduction in  customer 
concentration, though the extent of dependence on few customers will remain monitorable.   
Environmental and social risks 
Environmental considerations – Air conditioner manufacturers remain exposed to tightening Government regulations, 
because of the transition towards a low carbon economy and a consequent push towards energy  efficient products. This may 
require higher investments towards meeting the evolving and tighter regulatory standards.  
Social considerations – Retaining human capital and maintaining healthy relationships with employees and suppliers remain 
essential for disruption-free operations of the entity. The social risk pertaining to demographics and consumer trends remains 
generally low, given the increasing demand for air conditioners.  
Liquidity position: Adequate 
The overall liquidity position remains adequate with moderate average utilisation of fund -based limits of 58% of the total 
sanctioned limits for the last 12 months ending in August 2025. The company’s fund flow from operations are expected to 
improve going forward . Against this , the company has annual capex plans of Rs. 140 -150 crore in FY2026 and FY2027 and 
repayment obligation of around Rs. 23.5 crore in FY2026 and Rs. 25.3 crore in FY2027 . Further, t he liquidity is supported by 
fresh equity infusion of Rs. 60.3 crore in FY2025 and further plans of equity infusion of Rs. 140 .0 crore in FY2026 (expected to 
be received in tranches in FY2026 and FY2027). 
Rating sensitivities  
Positive factors – ICRA could upgrade VOL’s rating if it demonstrates a significant increase in its scale of operations and improve 
its profitability along with diversification of its product and customer profile s, leading to healthy cash accruals, comfortable 
credit metrics and liquidity profile.  
Negative factors – Pressure on VOL’s rating could arise if there is a significant moderation in revenue and profitability, a 
sustained increase in the working capital intensity, any large debt-funded capex or a decline in profitability, resulting in material 
weakening of the company's liquidity and credit metrics. In addition, any loss of business from a key client, or a significant 
slowdown in its key product segments that materially affects its financial performance, would also be a negative trigger. Deb t 
service coverage ratio (DSCR) of less than 1.4 times on a sustained basis may also result in a negative rating action . 
Analytical approach  
Analytical Approach Comments 
Applicable rating methodologies  Corporate Credit Rating Methodology 
Parent/Group support NA 
Consolidation/Standalone Consolidated 
===== PAGE 4 of 8 =====
  
 
www.icra .in 
 Page | 4 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
About the company 
The company was incorporated by Mr. Sukrit and Vishrut Bharati on September 11, 2015 as Virtuoso Optoelectronics Private 
Limited in Nashik, Maharashtra. Subsequently, it was converted into a public limited company in March 2021 and its name was 
changed to Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited. The company started its operation with EMS manufacturing. In FY2021, it started 
manufacturing indoor and outdoor units for ACs. VOL serves under both original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and original 
design manufacturer ( ODM) business models. Under the OEM model, the company manufactures and supplies indoor and 
outdoor units of AC based on designs developed by its customers. These customers further distribute such products under 
their own brands. Under the ODM model, in addition to manufacturing, it conceptualises and designs products, which are then 
marketed to VOL’s clients under their brand. Under the ODM model, the products include electronic items and services and 
lighting products. The company also ventured into manufacturing of water dispensers from FY2024 and deep freezers from 
FY2025. VOL further plans to venture into semi-automatic washing machines and reciprocating compressors in FY2026. 
Key financial indicators (audited) 
 FY2024 FY2025 Q1 FY2026 
Operating income  531.1 697.3 203.2 
PAT  10.1 14.1 6.4 
OPBDIT/OI  9.7% 8.0% 9.9% 
PAT/OI  1.9% 2.0% 3.2% 
Total outside liabilities/Tangible net worth (times) 1.6 1.6 - 
Total debt/OPBDIT (times) 4.3 5.2 - 
Interest coverage (times) 2.6 2.2 2.6 
Source: Company, ICRA Research; All ratios as per ICRA’s calculations; Amount in Rs. crore  
PAT: Profit after tax; OPBDIT: Operating profit before depreciation, interest, taxes and amortisation 
Status of non-cooperation with previous CRA: Not applicable 
Any other information: None  
Rating history for past three years  
  Current rating (FY2026) Chronology of rating history for the past 3 years 
     FY2025 FY2024 FY2023 
   
Instrument Type 
Amount 
rated  
(Rs. crore) 
Oct 3, 2025 Date Rating Date Rating Date Rating 
Fund-based Facilities – 
Cash Credit Long term 69.27 [ICRA]BBB 
(Stable) 
10-Jul-
2024 
[ICRA]BBB 
(Stable) 
18-Apr-
2023 
[ICRA]BB+ 
(Stable) - - 
Fund-based Facilities – 
Term Loan Long term 105.73 [ICRA]BBB 
(Stable) 
10-Jul-
2024 
[ICRA]BBB 
(Stable) 
18-Apr-
2023 
[ICRA]BB+ 
(Stable) - - 
Unallocated Long term - - - - 18-Apr-
2023 
[ICRA]BB+ 
(Stable) - - 
Complexity level of the rated instruments 
Instrument Complexity Indicator 
Long-term – Fund-based Facilities – Cash Credit Simple 
===== PAGE 5 of 8 =====
  
 
www.icra .in 
 Page | 5 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
Long-term – Fund-based Facilities – Term Loan Simple 
The Complexity Indicator refers to the ease with which the returns associated with the rated instrument could be estimated.  
It does not indicate the risk related to the timely payments on the instrument, which is rather indicated by the instrument's  
credit rating. It also does not indicate the complexity associated with analysing an entity's financial, business, industry risks or 
complexity related to the structural, transactional or legal aspects.  Details on the complexity levels of the instruments are 
available on ICRA’s website: Click Here 
  
===== PAGE 6 of 8 =====
  
 
www.icra .in 
 Page | 6 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
Annexure I: Instrument details  
ISIN Instrument Name Date of 
Issuance 
Coupon 
Rate Maturity Amount Rated 
(Rs. crore) 
Current Rating and 
Outlook 
NA Long-term – Fund-based Facilities – Cash 
Credit NA NA NA 69.27 [ICRA]BBB (Stable) 
NA Long-term – Fund-based Facilities – Term 
Loan FY2018 NA FY2030 105.73 [ICRA]BBB (Stable) 
Source: Company 
Please click here to view details of lender-wise facilities rated by ICRA 
 
Annexure II: List of entities considered for consolidated analysis* 
Company Name Ownership Consolidation 
Approach 
YLP Solutions Private Limited 51.00% Full Consolidation 
Virtuoso Polymers Private Limited 100% Full Consolidation 
Source: Company, *As on March 31, 2025 
 
  
===== PAGE 7 of 8 =====
  
 
www.icra .in 
 Page | 7 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
ANALYST CONTACTS 
Jitin Makkar 
+91 22 6169 3300 
jitinm@icraindia.com 
Kinjal Shah 
+91 022 61143442 
kinjal.shah@icraindia.com 
 
Sakshi Suneja 
+91 22 6169 3345 
sakshi.suneja@icraindia.com 
 
Karan Gupta 
+91 22 6114 3457 
karan.gupta@icraindia.com   
 
 
RELATIONSHIP CONTACT 
L. Shivakumar 
+91 22 6114 3406 
shivakumar@icraindia.com 
 
 
MEDIA AND PUBLIC RELATIONS CONTACT 
Ms. Naznin Prodhani 
Tel: +91 124 4545 860 
communications@icraindia.com 
HELPLINE FOR BUSINESS QUERIES 
+91-9354738909 (open Monday to Friday, from 9:30 am to 6 pm) 
info@icraindia.com 
 
 
 
ABOUT ICRA LIMITED 
ICRA Limited  was set up in 1991 by leading financial/investment institutions, commercial banks and financial services 
companies as an independent and professional investment Information and Credit Rating Agency.  
Today, ICRA and its subsidiaries together form the ICRA Group of Companies (Group ICRA). ICRA is a Public Limited Company, 
with its shares listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange. The international Credit Rating Agency 
Moody’s Investors Service is ICRA’s largest shareholder. 
For more information, visit www.icra.in 
===== PAGE 8 of 8 =====
  
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
ICRA Limited 
 Registered Office 
B-710, Statesman House, 148 Barakhamba Road, New Delhi-110001 
Tel: +91 11 23357940-45 
Branches 
 
© Copyright, 2025 ICRA Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
Contents may be used freely with due acknowledgement to ICRA. 
ICRA ratings should not be treated as recommendation to buy, sell or hold the rated debt instruments. ICRA ratings are subjec t to a process of surveillance, 
which may lead to revision in ratings. An ICRA rating is a symbolic indicator of ICRA’s current opi nion on the relative capability of the issuer concerned to 
timely service debts and obligations, with reference to the instrument rated. Please visit our website www.icra.in or contact  any ICRA office for the latest 
information on ICRA ratings outstanding. All information contained herein has been obtained by ICRA from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable, 
including the rated issuer. ICRA however has not conducted any audit of the rated issuer or of the information provided by it. While reasonable care has been 
taken to ensure that the information herein is true, such information is provided ‘as is’ without any warranty of any kind, a nd ICRA in particular, makes no 
representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, timeliness o r completeness of any such information. Also, ICRA or any of its group 
companies may have provided services other than rating to the issuer rated. All information contained herein must be construe d solely as statements of 
opinion, and ICRA shall not be liable for any losses incurred by users from any use of this publication or its contents.  
 
