===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“CSB Bank Limited  
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 13, 2025, 05.30 PM IST 
          
 
 
MANAGEMENT:            MR. PRALAY MONDAL 
       MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO - CSB BANK 
 
       MR. B.K. DIVAKARA 
                                         EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - CSB BANK 
 
                                         MR. SATISH GUNDEWAR 
           CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - CSB BANK 
  
       MR. RAJESH CHOUDHARY 
            CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER - CSB BANK 
 
 
          ANALYST:           MR. SHIVAJI THAPLIYAL 
                                      YES SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the CSB Bank Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call, hosted by YES Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I would now hand the conference call over to Mr. Shivaji T hapliyal from YES Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: Thank you, Muskaan. Good evening, and a warm welcome to all those who have joined the call. 
The CSB Bank management is represented by Mr. Pralay Mondal, Managing Director and CEO; 
Mr. B.K. Divakara, Executive Director; and Mr. Satish Gundewar, Chief Financial Officer.  
We specifically thank the management of CSB Bank for giving YES Securities the opportunity 
to host their results call. The management will first be making some op ening remarks, after 
which we will throw the floor open for questions. 
 I now invite the management to make their opening remarks. Pralay,  over to you. 
Pralay Mondal: Thank you, Shivaji, and thank you, everybody, for joining  the Q1 FY '26 call of CSB Bank. I 
will start with the global scenario and then get into CSB specifics. Glob al trade is impacted by 
uncertainties of U.S. stance on its tariffs with other countries. Though USA has announced the 
new tariffs, individual countries are still negotiating, making the outcome uncertain.  
This uncertainty is getting reflected in currencies, rates and commodity prices. UK and EU have 
cut rates while U.S. Fed continues to hold on its rates. With weakening data in the U.S., it is 
likely that FED will cut rates further in the coming months. Global growth  forecasts have been 
revised downward by major forecasters in recent months. 
Indian growth has been steady over the quarter. The series of liquidity measures taken and the 
rate cuts announced by RBI has brought the rates down on assets and liability both - transmission 
has been good so far. Liquidity in the banking system has rema ined in surplus, supporting the 
financial stability. The inflation forecast has been revised lower. However, th e projections for 
the next year are above 4%.  
The deposit and credit growth in the system is evenly balanced right no w with deposit growth 
on the rise and credit growth on the decline as compared to previou s year. The pattern has 
impacted the banking sector NIM significantly. We expect the banking sec tor NIM to stabilize 
soon and the liquidity to remain comfortable. RBI may cut rates further in this fiscal year in the 
wake of uncertain trade negotiations with the U.S. 
 Now coming to CSB specifics. On financials, the quarter gone by will be reco rded as one of the 
most exciting quarters in our SBS 2030 journey in view of the cha llenges it threw, the efforts 
and dedication we put in and what we achieved. I am happy to share that we have successfully 
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
migrated to the new CBS Flexcube and rolled out 50-plus surround  systems with twelve 
deployments within the CBS system, which makes it to sixty-two systems without losing sight 
of the balanced growth in the bank. It has been an extremely excitin g quarter for us - from 
execution of this long-awaited transformation journey on the technology side, and all of us have 
been busy focusing on this particular aspect this quarter because based o n this only, the future 
of the bank will be rebooted. 
 Coming to financials, specifically on profitability, net profit for Q1 stoo d at INR119 crores, up 
by 5% year-on-year. Operating profit of the bank grew by 28% on a Y-o-Y basis and stood at 
INR 220 crores. Other income registered a robust growth of 42% on a Y- o-Y basis and 
constituted 19% of total income for Q1 FY '26. Cost to income ratio was lower at 64.70% as on 
Q1 FY '26 as against 67.69% a year back in Q1 FY '25.  
Despite the interest rate transmission dynamics between advances and deposits in  a falling rate 
scenario, NIM could be maintained at 3.54%. We do not expect NIM to go down further from 
this level. ROA for the quarter ended 30/06/25 stood at 1.03 %. As we know, our bank has a 
history of continuing to grow the ROA through the quarters and peaks in the Q4 of the year, and 
this year also we will see the same trend. Bank is holding the contingency provisions intact and 
is continuing with the accelerated loan provisioning policy.  
On the liability side and the funding base, deposit growth momentum continues to be faster than 
the industry - grew by 20% Y-o-Y amidst an industry growth of aroun d 10%. CASA grew by 
13% Y-o-Y, and the CASA ratio stands at 23.49%. We have sufficient liquidity buffers and are 
maintaining LCR at comfortable levels.  
We have been efficiently managing the liquidity risk because in Q4  of last year when liquidity 
was significantly negative, the bank took a call to manage th e liquidity risk carefully. As that 
risk is coming down, we now see our CD ratio at around 92%. Average LCR for the quarter has 
been around 123%. NSFR ratio is around 120%. 
 On the asset side of the business, net advances grew by 31% Y-o- Y, again significantly higher 
than industry growth of close to 10% Y-o-Y. All the verticals have started contributing towards 
the asset growth with gold, corporate and SME portfolio registering a Y- o-Y growth of above 
30% at 36%, 32% and 31%, respectively. Retail loans other than go ld grew by 19% despite a 
deliberate moderation in agri, MFI and other unsecured loans, and we have been doing it for the 
last 18 to 24 months. Yield on advances for Q1 FY '26 is 10.73%. 
 Regarding the asset quality metrices, GNPA and NNPA ratio for the qu arter was at 1.84% and 
0.66%, respectively, as against 1.69% and 0.68% for Q1 FY '25 . PCR now stands at 80.46% 
with PWO and 64.52% without PWO. Bank is holding a provisioning buffer of around INR194 
crores over and above regulatory requirement; out of this, around INR105 crores is contingency 
provision. We have a robust capital base, CRAR of 21.71% and a Tie r 1 ratio of 19.92%. We 
have low proportion of risk-weighted assets compared to the industry, which is 40-odd percent. 
 On the shareholder value creation, the book value per share is a t INR258 right now. EPS for the 
year is -- INR27.42. ROE for the year is 10.9%. Like ROA, ROE also progressively grows  for 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
us quarter- on-quarter, peaking in the fourth quarter and which again, this year will  be no 
exception. On distribution, we have a network of 834 branches now and 800 ATMs as on 
30/06/25. 
 In conclusion, I would like to say that our top line, both dep osits and advances, have shown 
strong Y-o-Y growth of 20% and 31%, respectively. Compared to Q1 FY '25, our CASA book 
grew by 13%. All the three asset verticals viz retail including gold loa n, SME and Wholesale 
Banking grew by more than 30% over Q1 FY '25.  
On the profitability, while our operating profit grew by 28% on a Y-o-Y basis, net profit increase 
was at 5% due to slightly higher slippage and resulting provisions. However, we have recovered 
a decent amount subsequently in Q2 and expect portfolio quality to improve in this quarter itself. 
 If I look back and review the journey we completed in Q1 FY '26, I c an proudly say that the 
CSB team has done a remarkable job in a truly short span of time, duly balancing the tech 
transformation and growth. We have achieved what we aspired for in build ing the platform for 
future. We have built a solid foundation for scaling the bank in terms of business and customer 
experience as we go along. 
 Given the complexities involved in such a massive project, it will take  a couple of months more 
to fully stabilize everything. Once the systems are stable, we will kick-start the scale phase with 
a lot of confidence as we will be in a better position to serve our cust omers by providing 
innovative customized products, straight-through processes, seamless digital experience, higher 
operational efficiencies, etc.  
We will also be benefited with lower cost s and additional revenue streams. Thus, we will start 
the journey of becoming a respectable mid-sized bank by 2030. Ho pefully, we can execute to 
reach that mission ahead of our targeted timeline.  
As I have told in the past that as a part of our SBS vision, our sustain and build phase is expected 
to get over by beginning of FY '27. The real scale phase, which is the most ex citing part of the 
journey is going to start from FY '27 beginning. FY '27, FY '2 8, FY '29 and FY '30, these 4 
years, we will take the bank to a completely different spectrum. 
 I am happy to inform that with the technology transformation journe y, which we have done 
successfully and one of the best which our partner says they have seen, we are actually ahead of 
the curve in terms of what we had planned and targeted. Hence, rebooting of the bank from our 
infrastructure capability, systems, processes, technology, people and products will be complete 
and our scale journey will be starting from FY '27, and all of us are excited for that journey. 
 With that, I hand it back for questions. Thank you very much . 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer sess ion. The first question 
is from the line of Bhavesh Kanani from Svan Investments. 
Bhavesh Kanani: This one is on the non-interest income. Essentially, last 4-5 quarters, we have seen NII remaining 
flat. It is the non-interest income, which is allowing us to do highe r opex and still report the 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
growth at the bottom line. However, for some odd reason, the disclosures on non-interest income 
split have been discontinued in FY '25 itself. Would appreciate if t hat is available to the public 
in general. That was one. 
 Two, within that, if you can add some color on specifically the fees and commission line. While 
in past, you have shared that a large part of that is driven by insurance distribution income. Some 
color on the potential penetration that is still pending. Have we reached out to all the branches 
with ability and skill set to sell insurance or there is still some room left,  which can be helpful 
in FY '26 in terms of growing the fee income? 
 Lastly on liquidity. While excess liquidity has come off sequen tially, one would have imagined 
a little more reduction given that our loan book growth is quite healthy. Instead on the liability, 
we see that other liabilities have gone up sharply. Some colour on that would be helpful. 
Pralay Mondal: Bhavesh, last question, I did not understand. What does it mean? 
Bhavesh Kanani: Sir, essentially, when we met last time, the story was that we had amasse d excess liquidity in 
Q4 given the situation back then. Now that the liquidity situation has improved at system level, 
that would allow us opportunities to normalize the excess liquidity wh ich will allow us to fund 
growth without really taking hit on the NIM. That reduction in excess liquidity is quite small. I 
think, about INR200-odd crores compared to a loan book, which h as sequentially grown by a 
larger extent. It appeared to be the case where we have funded the lo an growth by increasing 
liabilities and that too is coming from -- not from borrowings or deposits, but there is a steep 
increase in other liabilities, which has crossed some INR2,000 crores odd. I was just wondering 
what is leading to that increase.  
Incrementally, your sense on -- to what level liquidity can be paid down without really disturbing 
the 5% or 6% kind of liquidity we have usually maintained. 
Pralay Mondal: Got it Bhavesh. Let me try to respond to each of these questions. On the non-interest income 
and overall income, as you rightly said, that when we met, we were not focused on the non-
interest income in this bank around 2-3 years back.  
During last 2 years, we have put conscious effort in growing the non-interest income. It is just a 
matter of cycle of growth at such a rapid pace that, the interest incom e has not been growing 
well and there is some contraction of NIM, which you can see. 
 As I said before, liquidity, given where it was in fourth quarter, we sa id that we will not take any 
liquidity risk. From that perspective, we did take excess fund,  which ensured the buffers as we 
did not know at that time that liquidity situation will change in the ecosystem. To that extent, we 
were carrying that cost through and which is to some extent impacted the   NIM. That is the 
correct estimate. 
 Coming to non-interest income, insurance income continued to do  well. Generally, our PSLC 
income goes up a little bit in the fourth quarter, and then it normalizes first quarter onwards. Our 
overall non-interest income is 19% of the total income and it gene rally varies between 17% to 
19%.  
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Last to last quarter (Q4) it was 21%. Generally, it is somewhere around 17 % to 19%. Core fee 
income is around 14% to 15%. We do not reckon the PSLC income as the core income. That is 
why you will see that this quarter, our overall non-interest income has come down compared to 
Q4. 
 Coming to your question that would it be sustainable? I think it is going to be more than 
sustainable because once we have given the technology transformation  news to you, you know 
that next year onwards we'll start scaling up our transaction banking business and our retail assets 
business, which are all fee-oriented businesses like transactional fees, processing fees and many 
other fees. That will grow. 
 Insurance is a function of penetration into customers. Next year onwards, we  will start building 
our customer acquisition significantly because huge amount of fo cus will be there . As more 
customers come in, penetration on a larger base will be higher. We  will continue to do well in 
insurance business.  
We are also going to implement CMS, trade and supply chain systems shortly and we are 
working on that. All of that will help in transaction banking busine ss because we have built up 
a good wholesale team and wholesale portfolio. The transaction banking business will also have 
two phases. 
 I think as we grow the overall basic core book, our fee business  will continue to grow, and there 
is no one-off in that. We are sitting on a large, given our size, fairly large AFS book, and we did 
not fully sell it out this quarter, because we know that yields will come down eventually through 
the year. From that perspective you will continue to see non-interest income to grow. 
 On your second question I have already answered on insuranc e, that we will continue to do well. 
On the liquidity question, I agree with you. If you look at our CD ratio this quarter, it has come 
to 91%. Generally, it was around 83% to 86%- in that range.  
One of the points what you are saying, and we have done is that as the liquidity risk in the system 
is lower, we must start efficiently using the liability and we will use it bette r. That is why the 
CD ratio has gone up a little bit, but we will bring it down to somewhere between 85% to 90%- 
somewhere in that place. Previously, my guidance was between 80% to 85%. Now my guidance 
is between 85% to 90%. We will keep it in relation to the size of the  balance sheet and with in 
the liquidity comfort, which is there in the ecosystem. 
 I have always said that our liability franchise is not yet to the level wh ere we want it to be. That 
journey will start now. We are waiting for the CBS migration to stabilise. After this, the products 
will get implemented. Next year onwards, we will see that the liability franchise is growing at a 
rapid pace.  
That will not only help our liability book, but more importantly, we will have more customers 
through whom we will acquire and build the businesses. That is why we are starting to build our 
retail asset products and more retail liability products, current account products, trade products, 
CMS; all these things, ultimately to build that franchise. 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 Hence, last year, we did depend on FCY borrowings, CDs, and to that extent this support will 
be required for another 1 or 2 years. In parallel the liability franc hise will be built as you know 
that it takes 2 to 3 years to build. That is broadly my response to your question.  
Bhavesh Kanani: That is certainly helpful, sir. Just repeating the same request that if the mix of non-interest 
income is disclosed like we used to do in FY '24, that would only  add to the wonderful plans 
that we have, and it will add to the confidence.  
Pralay Mondal: Sure. I will check with our CFO on this. 
Bhavesh Kanani: The last data-keeping one was the other liabilities. Is there anything  to look into that number 
which has seen sharp increase sequentially? 
Pralay Mondal: No, there is not. 
Satish Gundewar: The other liability, what we are talking about is the INR2,600 crores tha t you see on 30 June is 
transitionally balanced. Because the reconciliation happens with a one-day lag and then it gets 
adjusted with our balance with RBI. It is not something which is of a permanent nature. It is just 
a one-day thing. When the reconciliation happens, then it gets settled. 
Bhavesh Kanani: Okay. That is helpful. I hope you will share the disclosures on non-interest income on exchanges 
or on your website. 
Pralay Mondal: Okay. Thank you very much for your question, Bhavesh. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mona from Dolat Capital. 
Mona: Firstly, I missed your opening remarks. Sorry if I am repetitive. On the slipp age base, INR139 
crores, what would be the quantum of unsecured loans out of this, if any?  
Pralay Mondal: Broadly, I can tell you that our unsecured portfolio is around 3% of the overall book. Yes, 
slippages have increased in the three businesses, which is unsecured personal loan, MFI, a little 
bit of credit cards. However, slippages will not be more than INR30 crores, INR35 crores. It is 
not significant.  
 I think to address your question, this quarter, our slippages have b een a little higher in SME. 
That is primarily due to 3-4 accounts. Let me also add that what has h appened this quarter is 
because we were busy on the migration, we had to take some time to reconcile the NPA and the 
related data and to get on it . We had the issue of not getting enough time to manage the NPA 
well in SME business. Recovery has happened in two three acco unts subsequently. In another 
large account, due to the demise of a key person all of a sud den, the next generation is taking 
over the business and it will take some time . Here the good news is that this is almost fully 
secured and will not fully go bad at any point of time. Hence, a s the business starts picking up, 
there is nothing much to worry about. Through the year, we should be able to upgrade/recover. 
Otherwise, there is not much of any exceptional slippage in any other portfolio.  
Mona: So, is it fair to say that out of this INR139 crores, INR25 crores got upgraded so far already? 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Pralay Mondal: Yes, Close to INR 25 crores got upgraded so far. 
Mona: On the unsecured loans, which is, I guess, PL and some of the MFI portfolios probably had some 
FLDG cover. Is it the delayed recognition coming because there was some cover initially and 
now it is above that cover, which is why the recognition? 
Pralay Mondal: I do not think that is an issue. In general, FLDG is available only in  one business, which is in 
MFI. We have collection efficiency related incentives linked to that. Some costs will come down. 
We have been consistent in retail loans if I look at it over the 4 quarters - 5 quarters. It is not that 
we have seen any major escalation happening suddenly. 
 Agri and MFI has also been more or less similar numbers across the last th ree quarters. There is 
not much aberration in any other product. If you look at it, our slippage in June 24 was INR103 
crores, and now it is INR136 crores. Out of the INR136 crores, already INR25 crores recovered. 
To that extent, there is no exception anywhere.  
Yes, we had 2, 3 strange situations in the SME portfolio, which had nothi ng to do with credit 
underwriting, trend, or an industry situation. It is just pure accidental kind of a situation. We are 
working with them, and these accounts are adequately covered. Hence, I am not so worried about 
the slippage this quarter. Yes, on the retail loans, what goes, that will not co me back fully- but 
that has been the story for the last five quarters. 
Mona: Got it. Secondly, when I look at the cost of deposits, I understand  a large part of it was bulk 
deposits. Given the sharp decline in rates on the bulk front, I believ e the expectation was that 
the cost of deposits will come down and yet seeing it rising, which is unlike what we are seeing 
for the rest of industry in general. How do I read this? I mean, I was really surprised to see the 
cost of deposits rise during the quarter, because I would expect on the bu lk deposits to reprice 
at lower levels, right? Your deposit growth has declined. So yes, how do we read this? 
Pralay Mondal: Mona, you are absolutely correct in your question. You will see that playing out in our portfolio 
as well from Q2, Q3 onwards. Two things happened here on the deposits. One is that, we took a 
lot of these bulk deposits as our assets growth last quarter was at 31%. Retail comes every day. 
Gold loans come every day, but wholesale and SME comes a littl e bit rear-ended. To fund that 
we had taken some bulk deposits towards end of the March quarter. At tha t time, there was no 
clarity about the liquidity position and what the RBI was looking at. Given that, the cost in that 
quarter came hardly for 10 days, 15 days or 20 days maximum. That cost has taken us throughout 
the whole of quarter i.e. , for 90 days in Q1 . This has primarily contributed to a five - six basis 
point increase in cost of funds.  
The other thing which has happened, I was analyzing this- we knew that interest rates are going 
to fall, and we stopped taking long-term deposits like 3 years, 4 years, 5 years, etc. Our existing 
deposits which started maturing, got repriced at higher rates than what they were  initially 
booked, i.e., their contracted rates a few years back. These two events have happened. 
 Having said that, our incremental cost for the last quarter, either in term/ CDs  or it is on bulk 
deposits, you are absolutely right-we are doing better off. What it means is Q2, Q3 onwards, we 
will start seeing a drop in our deposit costs. 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Mona: Okay. Also, if you could share what would be the expectation from a full year perspective on 
NIM and ROA? 
Pralay Mondal: For us, typically, what happens is, let me take the ROA point first. If you look at it, year- on-
year, our ROA has come down from 1.27% to 1.03%. On a quarter-on-quarter, it has come down 
significantly more and that is how it will play out this year also. Our ROA keeps increasing 
every quarter, and it culminates at a much higher level at the end of the year. For example, last 
year, in Q1, we were 1.27% and we ended the year with 1.79%. This year also, I think on an 
average, we should be somewhere around 1.5%. That was my guidance, and we will reach there. 
 On the NIM, we have bottomed out now. We will be anywhere between  3.5% to 4%. I will give 
a logic to this – a) our cost of funds will start coming down because as you rightly said, bulk and 
CD rates are coming down and our bulk is around 40%. From that perspective, it will, in a way, 
help us because retail will not come down that much compared to bul k. We think that our cost 
of funds will start showing better trends. 
 On your previous question, I want ed to also add that we tactically moved out some of the current 
accounts out of our base because we said that we want to build a proper current account franchise 
based on transaction banking, etc. That also increased our cost of funds a little bit. Now through 
transaction banking, wholesale, and other businesses we will start building the current account. 
That will also give us a little better cost of funds. 
 Thirdly, our EBLR plus T Bill portfolio, is around 17% and MCLR book is ar ound 20%, which 
will reprice downwards through the year in the current scenario. Howeve r, our fixed book is 
around 60% and hence we will have a dual advantage on that front that yields will not come 
down strongly, and our cost of funds will come down. Given that I am confident that we will be 
in the range of 3.5% to 4%. 
Mona: Sorry, how much is the EBLR which you have mentioned? 
Pralay Mondal: EBLR plus T Bill linked loans which has a similar impact from a cost of funds persp ective- 
when it comes down, the interest rate comes down - it is around 17%. 
Mona: Just one question. If I look at your fee lines, the core fee lines ex of the treasury gains, are there 
any one-offs in the last fiscal, not this quarter, but in the last fiscal, in terms of syndication 
income or something because it looks like fee to assets is settling at a lower level? 
Pralay Mondal: We had three syndications done so far. We have got a good wholesa le team now and quality 
wholesale business has started coming into the bank, and that is seen with the kind of growth, 
which you have got both on the corporate banking and in the mid-market side this year, in a year 
when we actually almost run up INR1,000 crores of DA portfolio, which we  represented in the 
wholesale book of the bank  
This team did three syndications, one more syndication as we are talking, we are doing. Now we 
are doing those kinds of deals, because given the size of ou r balance sheet, we cannot take 
INR500 crore kind of exposure. We generally do not take more than INR150 crores or INR100 
crores and rest we sell down and this happens through larger banks as well. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 We had some syndication fees last year. As you know, we are net selle rs in PSLC market and a 
lot of such transactions we do in the last quarter of the year. That is on e of the reasons why our 
ROA and fee income is significantly higher in the Q4. 
Mona: Got that. Just one last clarification. What would be the income from these three syndications 
deals for last fiscal? 
Pralay Mondal: I shared as much as I could, we have done three syndication deals. We are working on the fourth 
one. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Yash Dantewadia from Dante Capital. 
Yash Dantewadia: Sir, my first question is regarding the NIM guidance that you just gav e. Don't you think your 
guidance is very wide? 
Pralay Mondal: Yash, I can only tell you that we live in a world today where we do not know what happens after 
few days. In that kind of a scenario with global turmoil and global uncertainties, it is better to be 
safe than feel sorry later. It is wide. If you want me to be sharpe r, I will say that we will be 
somewhere in between that curve, but it will vary from quarter to quarter. If you take for the full 
year, I am hopeful that we should be somewhere in between, which is closer to 3.7% or so. 
Yash Dantewadia: Sir, can you please tell me if you factored in rate cut in this? If you h ave, what kind of rate cut 
have you factored in with the NIM guidance -- the current NIM guidance? 
Pralay Mondal: See, people are saying that given where the inflation is, it will normalize fo r the base effect. 
Given that there is global uncertainty and we do not know which way it will play out. Everybody 
says that there is a reasonable chance of one rate cut somewhere between  September to 
November 25. If that plays out, we have factored that in because we are lucky tha t our EBLR 
linked and T Bill linked portfolio is only 17%. The rate cut, even if it happens, its impact on 
MCLR will go to next financial year. 
Yash Dantewadia: I am assuming you factored in fifty basis points, right? 
Pralay Mondal: Twenty-five basis points. 
Yash Dantewadia: Okay. Yes, my next question is regarding your loan book sort of -- by the end of this year, how 
do you think the mix is going to look between gold loan -- between all the sort of gold loan, 
LAP, etc, SME, secured/unsecured. Could you just give some guidance on how you are kind of 
envisioning the loan book to look like by the end of this year? 
Pralay Mondal: What has happened this year, 1% has gone up in the gold, and that has got reduced from MF I 
and Agri business as we slowed down those segments. I mean, by that mix percentage formula, 
it went to gold. What I see now onwards is wholesale may go up by another 1% or 1.5% or even 
2% this year.  
Wholesale is around 23% now. It may go up to 25%. I do not see our MFI, agri and retail going 
up that much. If at all, it will remain at this level, maybe a few basis points here and there it can 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
come down also. Because our real retail journey will start from next year. We will not take risk 
in this environment at this point of time. 
 Our SME may go up by 50-odd basis points compared to where it is today, it is around 13% 
right now. We should be seeing somewhere between 13% to 14%.  
I must mention here one thing that our retail portfolio, what we show also includes loan against 
securities, where gold is collateral security . These loans, based on the recent RBI circular, we 
may have to do differently. We may have to categorise differently.  This itself will bring down 
the retail share further and that may come back to gold. Hence, gold for a very different reason, 
may go up a little bit. 
 In short, what it means is, retail will come down further as LAS will come down which is 
typically around INR2,000 crores right now for us. Some part of that may move to gold, some 
to the wholesale and some part to the SME. 
Yash Dantewadia: Right. Sir, my last question is regarding your sort of exit ROE and ROA. I know you guided for 
an exit ROA. If you could just also guide for the exit ROE for this financial year? 
Pralay Mondal: This is consistent as I have been telling over the years. ROA of 1.5% and ROE 15% is something, 
like the Lakshman Rekha for us, we have to achieve it, and we will aim to do that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shivaji Thapliyal from YES Securities. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: A few questions from me. Firstly, on asset quality, so well, traditionally,  our book was not so 
mature. Therefore, it is not really throwing up slippages, even now slippag es as compared with 
the broader banking universe is still under control, but neverthe less, some slippages are 
transpiring. Where would we put the credit cost guidance for the full year? Where would we put 
it on a steady-state basis, say, from FY '27 onwards? That is question one. 
 Secondly, from an opex standpoint, you have been making guidance in the past in terms of a 
glide path, I would like some reiteration or if there is any further color on how things are shaping 
up of late in that regard and where the number might end up for the full year this year and where 
we are probably going to head FY '27 onwards? 
 Thirdly, on the loan growth front, there, we have a small base, a nd I think growing 20% plus has 
never been a challenge in that sense. Nevertheless, what is the intern al aspiration there from a 
3-year perspective? If you could give us some color on that. Those would be my three questions. 
Pralay Mondal: Thanks, Shivaji, for the questions. I will go one by one. General gu idance on the asset quality 
has always been that GNPA will be less than 2%, NNPA will be less than 1% , and credit cost 
will be less than 50 basis points. That has been our overall vision till FY 2030.  
We have been, of course, much lesser than that. Even this quarter, we are lesser. Our guidance 
for this year is GNPA, NNPA and credit cost all will be lower than where we are in Q1. O f 
course, we do not know the global uncertainty on account of the tariff announcements. I am just 
not taking that into consideration. If that happens, then we have to recalibrate. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 Second part of your question is on opex glide path. If you look  at it carefully, our opex glide 
path is going down to 50% by 2030. We hold on to that because our real story will emerge from 
next year as our liability franchise starts building, along with the cro ss-sell on assets, fees and 
transaction banking, wholesale, and SME, all of it together. The real orchestra will start playing 
out only from next year, and we will start seeing results from FY '28 onwards. Hence, I am pretty 
much holding onto the glide path of 50% on opex side - cost to income side. 
 If you look at it, this quarter even, our Y-o-Y growth on operati ng expense is only 12%. W e 
have been pretty conservative in terms of our operating expense whe n we are massively 
investing into technology. To that extent, we are conscious of produ ctivity and operating cost 
and on a year-on-year basis, it has come down.  
On a quarter- on-quarter, cost to income ratio has gone up a little bit, of course, because the 
income and other income has come down a little bit. Once the ROA starts going up back to 1.5%, 
this by itself will come down to some extent. The real glide path - sharp glide path will be from 
FY '28 onwards and we are pretty confident of reaching 50% by 2030. 
 On the loan growth, on a 3-year basis, I think we will have a reverse trajectory. Every year our 
loan growth will only go up. Because even now we can grow faster th an what we are growing 
in loans. Our constraint is liability. Once our liability franchise starts bu ilding up, the growth 
will go up at a higher rate. Based on bulk deposits, CDs and FCY borro wings and based on 
whatever little bit we are doing on the retail side, you cannot have a su stainable growth on the 
asset side. 
 Additionally, as the retail part of the franchise starts growing, we are pretty  clear that wholesale 
and SME also has to bring in liability because they have a self- funding target, especially on 
current accounts, especially on low-cost funds etc. Once that starts playing out, we will be able 
to grow faster as multiple products will start building traction. Like last year, our wholesale 
started. SME has been growing for the last 2, 3 years. Retail part of this story will start next year, 
and gold will continue to grow as it is growing. 
 In Q1 FY 26, our SME, wholesale, and retail- all three verticals gre w by 30% plus and when I 
say retail I include gold in that. All the three franchise, each of them  growing 30% plus, shows 
that we have the sustainability and that now we have got the rhythm of building those businesses. 
 Our constraint comes on the liability side, and we are fully foc used on that. Once we build that, 
our credit growth, which is right now somewhere between 20 to 25% safely, maybe well above 
25% and as our liability franchise becomes better, we will do better g rowth on asset side. W e 
are pretty focused. We do not have a capital issue. We have enoug h room and our CRAR is on 
the higher side. From all aspects, growth is not a problem for us. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rushikesh Bhise, an Individual Investor. 
Rushikesh Bhise: I think most of my questions have been answered. Just wanted to ask rega rding the ROA 
guidance. Previously, it was like in the range of 1.5% to 1.8% for the entire FY '26. Right now, 
you just mentioned that we will be touching around 1.5%. Are we  like having 1.5%, I mean 
essentially reducing the guidance? Is it? 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Pralay Mondal: Thanks, Rushikesh, for your question. What I said was 1.5% ROA and 15% ROE is our 
Lakshman Rekha. We normally will not go beyond that. If we have that opportunity, we will do 
higher than that. Having said that, we all know the environment that we are in today. Not only 
us, if you look at the entire ecosystem, there are challenges in the e cosystem. There are both 
known unknown challenges and unknown known challenges righ t now, which are mostly 
coming from global uncertainty. 
 Given that, I think we will be happy to be around 1.5% this ye ar. Our guidance of 1.5% to 1.8% 
is for our SBS 2030 journey. I am 100% confident that we will ac hieve that vision of 1.5% to 
1.8% and maybe we will be closer to 1.8% as our retail assets and other franchisees starts picking 
up, our overall cost to income starts coming down and we leverage the bran ches and our 
franchise become better. 
 Our guidance of 1.5%, 1.8% in the past also is over SBS 2030, whi ch is again the glide path or 
rise path, whichever way we look at it. This year, given the overall  global uncertainty, 1.5% is 
something, which we should achieve, and we will be happy about it. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Yash from Dante Capital. 
Yash: My question is mainly regarding your gold loan yields. How do you se e your gold loan yields 
moving from here? 
Pralay Mondal: Our gold loan yield typically has been in the range of 11.5% t o 12%, depending on which 
products we are offering. Because of the regulatory guidelines that h ave come now, it is very 
clear. It is no longer a draft, no longer any guess work, it is in clear black and white. We know 
what business we can do, what business we cannot do.  
Hence, I think our higher-yielding businesses will grow a little m ore because the loan against 
securities business, which was more of a re-pledger kind of business that comes slightly at a 
lower yield will come down and part of it will move to gold loans at a higher rate . From that 
perspective, I think we should not see a fall in yield in our gold loan. I think we should be 
somewhere around 11.8% in that range we will target. 
Yash: Yes. Sir, my last question is regarding your cost of funds. What kind of exit in cost of funds do 
we see by Q4? How do we see this number? You said it is going to come down, but do you have 
an estimate that you can share? 
Pralay Mondal: Very difficult, boss. The way situations are evolving, one day, the  benchmark yields are say 
6.2%, 6.3%, one day it is 6.5%, 6.6% and so on. Hence, how do I know which way it is going? 
Broadly, the way we are looking at it, I think from the current level, a twenty basis points drop 
is the minimum which we can aim for is my view. 
Yash: Right. As far as this technology platform and whatever you have been  working on in the last 
maybe, I think, around 2 years, if I am not mistaken. What is this go ing to kind of help us the 
most in? What percentage of our collections are online today with out the help of physical 
collections basically? 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Pralay Mondal: I will answer the second question first. Our CIO is sitting here. I will invite him to  give you 
some broad perspective of what we have done and what we plan to d o and how it will help 
because he and his team has worked very hard. Let him also come  on this call and inform you 
on all what we have achieved.  
On the collections, I can tell you is that while I understand the digital collections and all that, of 
course, we are invested into that. We are into tele calling collections-  all of that together. Our 
overall retail book is small, which requires all this straight-through pro cess collections and all 
that. That is small today. While we are building that capability, that opportunity itself is small. 
 On the credit card side, we do not have our own credit card  product, and we do it through Jupiter 
and all. They have their collection set up, which they do, of co urse with all online and offline 
processes. In our case, you cannot do recovery with online alone . Given that, we are preparing 
for ourselves, but we do not have that portfolio size to test that as much, but we are building that. 
 SME and wholesale and those kinds of businesses, you need mo stly legal, technical, all those 
kinds of things to collect. That is where our legal teams are very strong. O ur primary recovery 
and collection on the SME and wholesale side is handled in an offline  mode and on one-to-one 
transaction. That is the way it works. 
 On the technology, I will just say one line and then I will hand it over to Rajesh. It will help 
everybody. We must understand that we are coming off a legacy system where you c annot add 
one more product and if we do, then the system does not work. In Maarvel, we tried to introduce 
our premium liability product, and it could not be introduced properly. 
We did not have transaction banking products. We did not have CMS.  We did not have trade. 
We did not have supply chain . Our mobile banking, net banking was functional; but now on 
OBDX, we are moving at a different level. Our entire digital ecosystem, ou r ServiceNow 
platform, everything what we are doing is very differently. Today we are having two data centres 
along with 2 DR, which are most sophisticated and at the best places. We were on 11G on Oracle 
platform on the database. Now we are in 19C which is the latest.  
 That kind of a transformation is what we are doing, and it will help  every business. On the 
wholesale side it will help with the transaction banking. On treasury side, also it would help for 
the transaction banking and some of the other systems that they are implementing. It will be of 
maximum help in acquisition of new retail customers, STP, onboarding, creating various 
services, various products etc. Why should the customer come to me if I am not able to give 
personalized product, STP, different kind of services with a good onb oarding system and 
processes. 
 We have created an ecosystem around it through our VRM which is virtual relationship 
management. We have contact centres. We have created everything. We are just waiting for this 
connectivity to happen through the technology. SME- it will help in a big way. We are going to 
launch our new corporate net banking in the next 6 to 9 months, which will help us in a big way, 
both SME and corporate banking. Retail assets, LMS, LOS, all of that -  which was not there in 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
the bank before. I mean how could we run our retail assets business without these products , 
without these systems. 
 All of these are now going to be functional. Given that it will help  retail the maximum in my 
view. Gold loan is a functional business and hence the most touch and feel systems and better 
efficiency helps. We are also working on Neo; our acquisition platform which is digital. I think 
we are going to make significant investment there to upgrade it because our main focus will be 
on customer acquisition and the retail because liability franchise has to be built up. We are going 
to launch various current account products now, as we will have the systems and processes. Once 
we have the corporate net banking in place, it will be a different leag ue altogether, on the kind 
of current account that we will do. That is a flavour on what we are planning to do on the business 
side.  
 Requesting Rajesh Choudhary, who is our CIO, who has led this entire tech transformation for 
the bank to give a 5-minute snippet on what we have done and  what we plan to do and how it 
would help the bank. Over to you, Rajesh. 
Rajesh Choudhary: Thank you, Pralay. I think you covered quite a lot. I think in a quick summary, what we have 
done is we have an overhaul of the entire technology ecosystem in the bank, se tting up 4 data 
centres, building new core banking, which we just went live in the month of May along with 50-
plus different surround systems.  
It has been a massive transformation, and that is what all the partners who have been working 
with us, tell us that they have not seen something of this kind. Of cou rse, there are a lot of core 
banking transformations, which keeps happening, but so many syste ms going live together is 
something unique. 
 At this point of time, we have systems in place for the business. We a re now ready to create 
products and build capability for doing business for all the resp ective business lines. We have 
also built capability to do the right compliance in the regulatory framework. There is a significant 
amount of regulations what we have to deal with.  
Cybersecurity, information security, we have to ensure that the entire  ecosystem is safe for our 
customers, for our employees and for the banking industry as a whole. We  have put all the 
elements in place.  
With respect to channels, with respect to payments, everything is over hauled. We have got 
everything brand new, and we are ready to deliver it to our customers. We will keep optimizing 
this. We will keep investing further, but the major overhaul has been done, and we are all geared 
up to do more and more business on this. 
Pralay Mondal: While you are talking about the regulatory framework, we have implemented a new FRM 
system, implemented a new compliance system. Almost everything is fresh and rebooted in the 
bank from a technology perspective, Yash. 
Yash: Yes. Sir, one last question before we drop off. Could you just give me the secured versus 
unsecured breakup of the book currently? 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  August 13, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Pralay Mondal: Unsecured can be seen in two ways. Retail unsecured is only 3% of the ov erall bank's book. 
Then when you look at secured, some of the unsecured businesses are the best secured business. 
If you do business with Tata, if you do business with Jindal, which we have done, by the way, 
they are more secured than unsecured businesses. If I give you that ratio that may not be the 
right representation.  
Yash: No, the retail one is more convenient. 
Pralay Mondal: Retail one is 3% of the overall book and SME, we normally do no t go for unsecured business. 
That is broadly what it is. 
Yash: Out of the entire slippages during the quarter, - you said you have recovered INR25-odd crores, 
and you think you are going to recover more, right?  
Pralay Mondal: That will take time. That will happen through the year because the  business has to be 
restructured. The point is they are all secured businesses; they are well collateralized. Hence, the 
money will not go anywhere. Obviously, in SME, how you run the business is, normally you do 
not immediately call back the loan and say that give me the money or I will sell your property. 
You have to help them in rebuilding the business. That is what we  are doing. These are 
recoverable. That is the point I am making. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I will now hand the conference over 
to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Pralay Mondal: Thank you very much. We had a wonderful conversation, and tha nks for patiently listening to 
us. Look forward to our next quarter analyst call again. Thank you very much. Have a wonderful 
evening. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of YES Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 