===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“CSB Bank Limited  
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 28, 2026, 05.30 PM IST 
          
 
 
MANAGEMENT:            MR. PRALAY MONDAL 
       MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO - CSB BANK 
 
       MR. B.K. DIVAKARA 
                                         EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - CSB BANK 
 
                                         MR. SATISH GUNDEWAR 
           CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - CSB BANK 
  
 
 
          ANALYST:           MR. SHIVAJI THAPLIYAL 
                                      YES SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to CSB Bank's Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by YES Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an ope rator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shivaji Thapliyal from YES Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Shivaji. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: Thank you, Iqra. Good evening, and a warm welcome to all those who have joined the call. The 
CSB Bank management is represented by Mr. Pralay Mondal, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. 
B.K. Divakara, Executive Director; and Mr. Satish Gundewar, Chief Financial Officer. 
 We specifically thank the management of CSB Bank for giving YES Securities the opportunity 
to host their results call. The management will first be making some ope ning remarks, after 
which, we will throw the floor open for questions. 
 I now invite the management to make their opening remarks. Pralay , over to you. 
Pralay Mondal: Thank you, Shivaji. Good evening to all. Thank you for joining the CSB Q3 analyst call. Let me 
start with a little bit of a background of the global scenario because, obviously, there is a lot 
happening there. Then we will come to CSB specifics. 
 On the global trade scenario, the trade negotiations have deterio rated since last quarter on the 
U.S. side. But of course, we had some good news coming from the EU front. Hopefully, that 
will neutralize some of the impacts, which is happening. It has created volatility in the financial 
markets impacting currency and equity flows into many countries. The issues related to the FED 
Chairmanship, control over Greenland and unrest in Iran have all added to the uncertainties and 
heightened the global risk. This has resulted in unilateral appreciation of commodities in the last 
quarter. 
 Indian growth forecast has been revised upwards by economists and mult ilateral agencies like 
IMF as well. The inflation is expected to remain below the lower threshold o f RBI, which is 
below 4%, despite the expectations of it moving up a little bit now from its current level. 
 The deposit growth continues to lag credit growth quarter-after-quarte r. The CD ratio of banking 
system is above 80% now, stressing the deposit rates. The continuous lag in deposit growth has 
impacted the banking sector NIM significantly. The banking system is likely to continue to face 
deposit stress, which will keep the deposit rates higher and prevent NIMs from improving 
immediately. 
 Coming to CSB specifics which is more relevant to us - On the profitabil ity side, we ended the 
quarter at INR153 crores, kind of flat compared to last year's same quarter. Op erating profit of 
the bank grew by 32% on a Y-o-Y basis for Q3 and stood at INR29 2 crores. NII grew 21% Y-
o-Y and stood at INR453 crores. 
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 Other income grew by 26% Y-o-Y, constituting 19% of total income fo r Q3 FY '26. Cost- to-
income ratio was around 60% and lower both on sequential as well as Y-o-Y basis. NIM for the 
quarter was the highest for the current fiscal and stood at 3.86%, supported by marginal reduction 
in funding costs. ROA for the quarter stood at 1.22%. Contingency prov isions are held intact 
and bank is continuing with  the accelerated provisioning policy, which  will enable the bank to 
move quickly towards the ECL framework as and when it is implemented. 
 On the liability front, the funding base continues to improve. The deposits registered a robust 
growth of 21% Y-o-Y, much faster than the industry level. CASA grew by 3% Y-o-Y and CASA 
ratio was around 20.5%. Sufficient liquidity buffers are being maintained. On the liquidity front, 
we had a reasonably good liquid ity risk management. While CD ratio stood at 92%, average 
LCR for the quarter was at 114% and NSFR ratio was 118%. 
 On the asset side, the growth of advances registered a Y-o-Y growth o f 29%, which again is 
almost double the systemic growth rate . Yield on advances in Q3 stood at 10.82%. In terms of 
asset quality matrices, there was a slight deterioration. GNPA and NNPA ratios - although within 
guidance i.e., below 2% and 1% - were slightly elevated for the q uarter at 1.96% and 0.67%, 
respectively. PCR (without write off) stands at 66.32%. Bank is holding a pr ovisioning buffer 
of around INR193 crores over and above the regulatory requirements. 
 On the capital side, we continue to have robust capital with the overall CRAR at 19.41% and 
Tier 1 ratio at 17.66% as on 31.12.25. Proportion of risk-weighted assets continued to be lower 
compared to the industry. 
 On the Shareholder value creation - Book value per share was at INR 269. EPS for the quarter 
is INR34.91 and ROE for the quarter is 13.38%. On the distribution side, we have a network of 
846 branches and 818 ATMs as of 31.12.25. 
 In conclusion, we continue to outperform the industry growth trends in respect of both deposits 
and advances. We could grow our deposit portfolio by 21% and adv ances by 29% as against 
average industry rate, which is almost half of this level. 
 Both our gold loan and wholesale banking verticals contributed significa ntly to our advance 
growth, registering a growth of more than 40%. We continue to be cautious in terms of unsecured 
book and have reduced our exposure there. In view of systemic uncertainties, we are exercising 
vigil while growing the BLG portfolio, which is the SME portfolio, where q uality and pricing 
are of utmost importance. In line with the regulatory prescriptions, we have  allowed the loan 
against security , repledger business, which is primarily collaterised by gold to degrow, thus 
negatively impacting the overall growth in the retail asset portfolio. 
 Our operating profit is robust with a 32% growth over Q3 FY '25 and 5% over sequential quarter. 
The strong operating performance can be attributed to the NII gr owth of 21%, other income 
growth of 26% and disciplined cost management. More than 95% of the income is constituted 
by core fee income because this time, non-core items like PSLC and treasury inco mes were 
almost next to nothing. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 Our net profit for the current quarter is almost flat compared to Q3. We ha ve conducted a detailed 
analysis of the underlying causes leading to a slightly higher provision  requirement, including 
certain technical factors, which we can take during the call when there are questions. Corrective 
actions have been initiated, and we are confident that we will be on track and monitor effectively 
on both GNPA, NNPA as well as on the credit cost side over the next one or two quarters. CIR 
has also improved and all regulatory ratios are maintained at comfortable levels. 
 As we enter the scale phase, the strategic focus is clear – which is building a diversified book , 
tech driven expansion, granular customer franchise and right execution. Before I end my opening 
remarks, I want to emphasise on the confidence and experience, the core banking migration 
along with 52 surround systems has, instilled within the system. Many other systems especially 
in the TBG domain are work in progress.  
 We are getting ready technologically to launch the bank effectiv e FY '27 on the scale phase and 
we are fully geared up to that. On an overall basis, almost on all pa rameters, except for the 
slippages and NPA ratios, which we will explain over the call as and when q uestions come, we 
have improved significantly over the last 2 quarters. 
 As we are talking, we are confident that in the coming Q4 and Q1,  we will see significant 
upgrades and betterment on the NPA ratios as well. 
 With that, I hand it over to you for the questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer se ssion. The first question 
is from the line of Parag Jariwala from White Oak Capital. 
Parag Jariwala: Pralay, I have two questions. One - if you look at your disburseme nts on the Slide number 17, 
retail and BLG numbers have been down considerably. If you look even during the quarter, gold 
loan growth is the highest. We have been talking about scaling up the non-gold business. 
 What I mean, was it a corroborated decision because gold was growing ve ry fast during the 
quarter. We decided to slightly keep the segment under check or wha t exactly was the thought 
process here? That is number one. 
 Secondly, on the slippage of around INR200 crores. Can you gi ve us some more granular detail 
with respect to how many accounts are there? What led to this technical slippage? You also said 
in your opening remarks that you expect upgrades and recoveries in the following quarters. What 
gives you that confidence that you will be able to normalize these a ccounts in the coming 
quarters? 
Pralay Mondal: Thanks, Parag, for your questions. I will respond to the first question, which is business mix and 
growth in gold. Now two businesses are growing very well for us. One is who lesale and in 
wholesale also previously we used to do primarily NBFC and financial markets. But now we are 
doing all other corporate businesses. In fact, financial markets mix, we are keeping it lower and 
not doing much there as we already ha ve a large portfolio. Still around 35% to 40% of the 
portfolio is financial markets. But corporate banking and mid-market, which is the commercial 
banking, both these businesses have started doing extremely well for us. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 In terms of quality, in terms of pedigree of these businesses, quality is reall y good and we are 
expanding the teams across the country- North, West, South everywhere . We have in a short 
span built a good wholesale banking team. This kind of pedigree we not only have in the 
management team, but also in the Board and our Chairman for MCB - Credit Committee, Mr 
Deepak Maheshwari, where anything above INR50 crores goes through his and the committee's 
supervision. Hence, we are pretty confident that business is growing really well. 
 Coming to the gold, of course, that prices are going up. At the sa me time, our LTV is constantly 
coming down. While the quarter end LTV was 63%, overall LTV has gone below 60% right 
now. We are not taking the price risk on the gold side. 
 Even tonnage has grown marginally compared to last year. The  other thing which has happened 
in gold is a new segment, which we are focusing on and which is he lping us. This year the 
repledger business, which is higher and classified under retail and having gold as collateral - 
based on regulatory guidance effective 1st of April, we cannot do that business anymore. Since 
we cannot do that business anymore, we have started running down the portfolio and it has 
almost come down to around INR700 crores from around INR 2,000 plus crores. That is what 
has brought down the retail. Retail as such has not degrown except for two-wheeler, Agri, MFI 
and other unsecured loans etc because of obvious reasons like stress in the portfolio and we saw 
it prior. As we did not expand that portfolio ; we actually got saved in that portfolio. Whatever 
slippages are happening there right now is on a small base and the tail is only left for that. 
Otherwise, I think retail, everything else has grown the way it was happening. But the real retail 
growth will happen only when the liability franchise starts picking up. We were waiting for the 
core system migration to happen. Now we are launching the produ cts and retail assets will 
happen in parallel to retail liability as it is two sides of the same coin. That is how we will build 
the granular retail franchise over a period of time. Meanwhile, we are do ing good on CV/CE, 
Healthcare Finance, LAP - all these businesses on the retail side.  
On your second question on slippage. Yes, around INR197 crores is the slippage. Out of that, a 
large part is on the SME side. Our retail slippages is starting to come d own and now it has 
become flat in terms of slippage or N PA and it is going to come down further from the next 
quarter because the portfolio itself is kind of eroding. As we are not adding on the unsecured 
side, which is somewhere around 2.4% of our overall portfolio , the denominator itself is 
reducing. Hence, even if delinquency percentages are high in retail, eventually, it will not be that 
material in another quarter or two. To that extent, in retail we are gettin g into a safe zone just 
because the portfolio size is not that much. Some of the other bu siness in retail is doing well in 
terms of quality of the portfolio. Stressed accounts i n CV and HCF – we have sort of collected 
and we are doing good there. 
 We had a challenge in SME because of two reasons. One is the segments which we are operating 
in SME and second is certain locations which are impacted by the global un certainties. But the 
good news is that most of these are not old vintage legacy customers  and these are all well 
collateralized. The slippages are because of business challenges which they are facing, and their 
intent is not wrong. Hence, we are confident that we will be able to upg rade most of these 
accounts. We were expecting upgradation of 4 to 5 accounts in the last quarter  of this fiscal 
itself. But for some reason, it got moved into this quarter. We are confident that these 4 - 5 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
accounts will definitely get upgraded this quarter. As we are talking till y esterday, we have 
already upgraded INR30 crores of these SME slippages . We don't see any fresh slippages 
because majority of our SMA-2 account comprises of gold and LAS, which does not lead to any 
losses eventually. 
 We are doing a lot of work on the Q3 slippages and we think that we will have a positive surprise 
by way of upgradations/recoveries. That will also help us in improving our Provision Coverage 
Ratio (PCR).  
 Other than slippages, if you look at line by line, all the compon ents up to PPOP level, the bank 
has done very well, much better than what we did in Q3 FY25. In Q1, you remember that we 
had a NIM of 3.54%. The expectation was that it will constantly slide down like that. I had said 
that it will go up and a lot of people had doubts. But we have eventually shown that in 2 quarters 
from 3.54% we went to 3.81% and now up to 3.86% in a scenario where NIM is under pressure 
in the ecosystem. This means that we are in control, and we know wha t we are talking. Having 
said that, I think NIM sort of will not move beyond this. We will be somewh ere between 3.7% 
to 3.9% range. I don't see it crossing 4% right now, given the ov erall ecosystem - deposit 
challenges and liquidity challenges which are there in the market. 
 Similarly, I am saying that on the NPA side, we are pretty confident that between Q4 and Q1, 
we will sort of be back to the NPA levels where we used to be in the prev ious quarters. That is 
broadly my response to your questions. 
Parag Jariwala: Just 1 or 2 questions. You said that may be 4 to 7 accounts you will be able to upgrade, but total 
slippages is around how many accounts? Is it fair to say that large part of these accounts is 
mainly to do with tariffs as may be in textile, footwear or such kind of an industry. Is that a fair 
understanding? 
Pralay Mondal: Parag, the number of accounts will be irrelevant because sometimes the re are small amounts 
also. But around 10 to 11 accounts on the SME side will be material. Retail is at a portfolio level 
and wholesale we don't have any major slippage. We have only one account of about INR 4 
crores on the wholesale side which is expected to get regularized this q uarter. Out of the 10 to 
11 accounts on the SME side, we are confident that around 40%,  50% will be recovered this 
quarter. Not everything will get reversed and not everything will get upgraded but a fair bit will 
get upgraded because some of these have technically moved into NPA th is quarter . 
Unfortunately, we also did not expect it, but it happened. Proof of it is that we already have 
upgraded accounts amounting to INR30 crores. 
Parag Jariwala: Sure. Just one thing if I can squeeze in. There were 1 or 2 delinquent accounts in first quarter of 
FY '26 as well. I mean, is that account now upgraded?  
Pralay Mondal: That was not in SME. That was a legacy wholesale account, a nd the recovery is under process. 
We are sanguine that we will get something out of it in Q1 FY '27. The process got delayed as 
this went to the legal IBC process and all of that. The full thing cannot be recovered but fair bit 
of recovery will happen in Q1 '27. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Natraj Shankar from DSP Mutual Fund. 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Natraj Shankar: Just a contextual question in this journey before we scale from '27 onwards. How do we manage 
these bumps? Are the systems robust enough to weather this entire journ ey? At this stage, we 
are having bumps. So just wanted to contextually understand the risk processes first. 
 Second ly, you talked about SMEs. Could you just take 2 parts of the question? One, the overall 
context of the SMEs, what you are observing in general, which pockets are you seeing some bit 
of stress? Secondly, within your cohorts, how are you placed within that? 
Pralay Mondal: To contextualize, when you are talking about bumps, we have 2 bumps. One is NIM going to 
3.54% in Q1 and one is GNPA going to 1.97% for Q3. Now, both of these a re well within the 
range, especially GNPA where we always said we will be below 2%. However, in spite of the 
bumps, we are below the guided range. But that is not where we want to be. 
 There are no major kind of roadblocks for our SBS 2030 journey. F Y '27 onwards, we will see 
the scale phase. NIM, we have already said that we have gone back  to where we wanted to be, 
closer to 4%. If you look at most of our ratios, there are not too many  bumps, and those bumps 
are also within the range which we have guided to a great extent.  
 Coming to the SME, I think I explained enough to Parag on his  question on slippage and NPA. 
There is no point repeating that. One addition in SME is that we have consciously gone slow in 
growth- we have grown SME 20% YoY whereas last year it grew almost by 30%.  
 At least one good thing we have done is, whether it was unsecured retail  or MFI or SME now; 
whenever we have seen and read the stress scenario, we had slowed down these businesses. We 
do not keep accelerating the business and increasing the denominator.  
 By the end of this year, we will grow even slower than 20% on a y ear-on-year basis in SME. 
That is a deliberate kind of a strategy which we have worked out. Having said that, SME is our 
growth engine.  Once these issues get sorted out, we will look back to g rowth-oriented SME 
business model from FY '27 onwards as quickly as Q1 FY '27. For SME, we all know that there 
are certain segments, which had some issues because of the tariffs, global challenges, etc., which 
hopefully with the EU deal coming in will look better, but that will take some time to settle 
down. It is only a conversation right now and on sign-off afterwards , this will materialise. But 
sentiment is very important. Sentiment starts getting positive once peop le become hopeful and 
the business starts picking up. What I can tell you is that most of our SM E loans, are highly 
collateralized. More importantly, intent is very good. None of these g uys are putting their 
business back and diversifying or kind of siphoning of the money here and there - that also 
happens in some SME businesses. 
 These two primary problems are seen in the SME business, one is quickl y moving out of the 
business  and the other is not having proper collateralization. On both accounts, we are doing 
good. Earliest by Q1 next year and latest by Q2 next year, I think we should be back in the 
growth orientation on the SME business as well. 
 Meanwhile, in asset s, growing by 25% plus is not a problem. Of course, how do we fund that in 
terms of deposit is something to be figured out. We know how to grow at 20% on deposits. But 
beyond that, how do you grow on the deposit side needs to be seen. 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Natraj Shankar: Just one last quick follow-up on the deposit angle. You talked about system stabilization and 
glad that is going well. When would you actually start seeing that? What w ould it take for that 
to actually fall through in place the deposit growth that you are talking about? 
Pralay Mondal: We are looking at 3 levers on deposit growth . One is a long haul, which is creating retail 
products, CASA and customer acquisition at branch level for which you need the right products, 
systems and the customer service modules. 
 In the earlier Maarvel system we could never do that. But now we have the best and th e latest 
systems. We are quickly going to build products. This will take anythin g between 12 to 18 
months. Having said that, obviously, this is a journey. It is no t that it will wait for 18 months. 
We will continue to see some improvements over every quarter. 
 More importantly, what we have done is we are making all the busin esses accountable for self-
funding. Whether it is wholesale, SME, Retail - all of them contributed towards liability growth. 
In terms of quantum, of course, SME was lower, wholesale was also on a little lower side, retail 
was larger. But in terms of percentage, all of them are growing equally well.  We have kind of 
mandated the teams that you have to fund so much percentage of you r business through self-
funding through OPDT and other routes, etc., I mean all owners, promoters, directors, etc on the 
corporate side.  
We will get the funding through TASC as well . We have created a separate vertical for TASC , 
which is the Trust, Associations , Societies and Clubs. But beyond deposits, CASA and the 
customer acquisition, we are also doing good on the FCY borrowings and refinance that also has 
grown for us during the last 1 year. 
 Thus, we are looking at all sources of funding to fund our growth.  LCR, we are pretty confident. 
Last quarter, we ended at 114% and we should be above 110% this year. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Akshat Agrawal from SMIFS Institutional Research. 
Akshat Agrawal: In terms of opex, other opex declined 22% Q-o-Q. Is it because of technology investment coming 
out of the base? W as there any headcount reduction? CTI is at 60% now. So, do we thi nk we 
can maintain this level going forward? 
Pralay Mondal: What has happened this quarter is, of course, as a bank, when dep osit costs are going up and 
yields are falling, one has to be conscious of cost management. Hence , we put special cost 
management practices in the bank. Having said that, none of that shows up so quickly. 
 It is not on account of technology reason that OPEX has come down , as technology costs have 
otherwise gone up, because in technology cost, capex is going to opex with AMC and other 
expenses kicking in. As a percentage, technology costs have always been between 8% to 9% of 
opex. That will not come down. 
 We did a detailed analysis of the PSLC income which is part of our fees. After d oing an analysis 
of last 2 to 3 years trend, we saw the best time to book income and what is the be st time to buy 
PSLC. For example, we need SMF, so we bought it at the right time, which was last quarter.  
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 This quarter, we did not buy anything. When you buy SMF, it g oes into your cost line. Similarly, 
last quarter we had a good PSLC income. Again, in Q4, we will have a good PSLC income 
because income is booked as per our analytical tools which predicts the time to book or sell PSL. 
Based on that last quarter, we bought PSLC on the SMF side, which h it our cost line and this 
quarter it was zero. 
 Similarly, on the income side also, PSLC was effectively zero this quarter. Last time we had a 
good income. These are one-offs, and these are not really franc hise businesses. This is a very 
tactical play. What it means is that next quarter, again, we may have  a good PSLC income on 
the fee side. 
 On the cost side also, PSLC may go up a little bit leading to c ost to income going slightly above 
60%. We may not go back to where we were, but it will probably go up quarter-on-quarter a 
little bit more. This is a one-off tactical kind of scenario. Overall, had we sold PSLC and bought 
PSLC, we would have shown better profits on a net basis this quarter. But we decided to keep it 
for next quarter because we know that next quarter, it will be a better income. 
 Lastly on the fees, like everybody else, we didn't have treasury inco me this quarter, because, of 
the bond yields. We are not even factoring treasury income in fourth quarter. If it happe ns, it is 
a bonus. Right now, we have not factored that in. 
Akshat Agrawal: Right Sir. The benefits of scale - as far as costs are concerned, are we going to see it something 
like in the second half next year? Or is it like maybe from FY '28 onwards?  
Pralay Mondal: FY '28. 
Akshat Agrawal: This technology stack cost, which would have started coming off at some point, as for last 2 or 
3 years, it was elevated because we were doing a lot of technology investments. Apart from the 
BAU tech cost like 8% to 9% or 10% odd for every bank, is it n ot coming off now? I mean the 
incremental costs on account of the tech stacking -- shouldn't it come up at some point in next 1 
or 2 quarters? 
Pralay Mondal: No, it doesn't work like that. Tech costs eventually will probably be slightly lesser than what it 
is today. Right now, it is slightly elevated as at one go, we had to mak e the full transformation. 
However, since it is a capex opex game, finally, it will flow through along with AMC, which is 
also part of opex.  
 Hence, I think 8% to 10% of our overall opex will be technol ogy. Maybe it will go down by one 
odd percentage. That will not be material in terms of overall P&L. 
 However, even if it goes down, the real cost that we will now incur is i n terms of customer 
acquisition because one of the reasons why our CASA or our granular de posits has not been 
great so far is because we did not have the products and the systems to  get those customers in. 
Now that the system is there, products will be there and then the c ross-sell of retail assets also 
will happen to those customers. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 All this will play out in the next 2-3 years. I have always said that our co st to income ratio will 
start the target glide path from FY '28 onwards. Once it starts gliding down, it will be pretty fast, 
and I think we should be able to go to 50% by FY '30. 
Akshat Agrawal: Right. Sir, my next question is on NIM. Yield on advances declined this quarter. It is coming 
from higher wholesale mix at lower yield, MCLR revision and some repo rate impact. Wouldn't 
the higher gold proportion with incremental higher yield at 11.83%  versus 11.77% kind of 
offsetting most of the impact on yield on advances? 
Pralay Mondal: Right. If you look at it,  because of the repo rate decrease, impact of almost 125 basis points 
happened in the last one or a little more than a year. All of th at has flown through the SME 
business and some in the retail side also, which are linked to RLLR . Wholesale business is 
mostly linked to MCLR and that is gradually coming down. 
 In terms of our mix, almost 60% is fixed rate loans, including gold l oans. That is exactly what I 
said when the NIM was 3.54 % % in Q1, which has gone up at 3.86%, and that will sustain at 
the same range. But yes, with the repo downward revision, SME went down instantly and we  
have to work on pricing of the new businesses as well. 
 In addition, we did not grow that much in the SME new business b ecause we were a little 
circumspect of the segments we were in at that point of time, given the global challenges. I think 
things are settling down now and hopefully, we should be able to  stabilise the NIM at a similar 
level where we are right now. 
Akshat Agrawal: Right, sir. On the cost of funds, cost of borrowing came down, but cost of deposits was down by 
just 2 bps. So incremental borrowing cost versus the book borrowing cost – are you seeing 
benefits there going forward? Or most of it is already in? 
Pralay Mondal: Borrowing cost has definitely come down marginally compared to what we had taken. 
Borrowing cost is linked to SOFR and unfortunately it has not really come down as expected , 
Hopefully, it will come down over a period of time. In between, the hedging costs also went up 
close to 3% for one year and the net landed cost was slightly higher than our estimates.  
 It is a combination of all of this and this reduction though marg inal, helped us in managing the 
cost of funds and in maintaining the NIM. 
Akshat Agrawal: Right, sir. On the asset quality, is this incremental flow from any new accounts? I mean is it all 
in this quarter and we are just expecting recoveries? Or do we expect some  more accounts to 
slip on the SME? What kind of coverage do you have? You did say that it was well collateralized 
but if we can get some colour on the overall coverage including collateral on the SME accounts. 
Pralay Mondal: If you are talking about SME, we are well collateralized -- almost 80% and above is 
collateralized. But obviously, if you look at Corporate Banking, it will not be well collateralized 
as SME. But we don't even have an SMA 1 or 2 account in corporate ban king and we don't 
expect to have. This I said before and it is worth repeating beca use this quarter, the point in 
question is why slippages are high, despite everything else looking  positive for the bank. The 
point is that, yes, it happened, as there were certain challenges in the ecosystem with the 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
customers. The good part is, none of these customers have left their businesses and gone, instead 
they are all working hard on reviving it and some have even started paying us. Consequently, 
some of them are getting upgraded this quarter. As I said earlier, we have already upgraded  
accounts amounting to about  INR30 crores. I think we will positively surprise the way we show 
our upgrades and recoveries this quarter and Q1 as well.  
These are not like 10 year old accounts. We know those customers. We cannot disown them also 
because we acquired those customers. Hence, the responsibility is square ly on the relationship 
managers and the businesses to get the money back where we can and we are at it. Unfortunately, 
three or four accounts, we wanted to upgrade last quarter. For some technical reasons it did not 
happen in Q3, but it has started now. I was not even expecting to have these discussions on this 
call, frankly. I think we are pretty much confident that we should  be able to upgrade most of 
these accounts in this quarter itself. 
Akshat, in short, it is business as usual for us. As we know these custo mers and the current 
situation, we are not so worried on this slippage, internally in the bank. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Parth M. Gutka from 360 One Capital. 
Parth Gupta: Sir, when I look at your Slide 19, the mix between bulk deposits and retail deposits, a large part 
of the growth within the quarter has come from bulk deposits. Now with bulk deposits or CD 
rates going up at least by 10 to 20 bps in December end and January, should we expect the cost 
of funds to be sort of flattish from here on? That is my question one. 
 Second is some of the peers have raised the term deposit rates i.e. , the retail term deposit rates. 
So, are we also considering anything like that?  
Pralay Mondal: On the deposit mix, as you rightly said, our bulk deposit percentage  is slightly higher than the 
ecosystem. We are at around 47% of the overall term deposits. As our overall balance sheet size 
is so small, once the retail journey starts taking off, this will drastically ch ange in a quick span 
of time. That is number one.  
Number two, on your specific question, whether this is going to impac t our cost of funds or it 
will remain stable. The answer is that we didn't lock in long-term bulk dep osits anywhere. The 
tenor is generally one year or below. What it means is in a falling interest rate scenario, a s and 
when the liquidity situation becomes a little better in the ecosystem, and we have more certainty 
on that, we will probably see bulk deposit rates falling faster than the retail deposit rates. Hence, 
in the short run, it will help us. In the long run, obviously, we  will go for good quality retail 
franchise, which is a desirable and preferred option. Right now, we don't hav e that option and 
we are building it. If we continue to grow at a much faster pace than the industry, almost at twice 
the pace, then we don't have a choice but to fund the asset gro wth opportunities through these 
various routes. Hence, we have tactically handled it with a lesser teno r so that we don’t get 
locked into this.  
                                               Cost of funds, I think should be going down by a few bps. As you rightly said, currently retail 
deposit costs are going up - not only retail but even bulk deposit rates are also not coming down 
anymore primarily because of liquidity issues, which are there in the market right now. That can 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
change. If it changes, in the short-term, bulk deposit rates will come down faster than retail as 
you lock in retail deposits for a slightly longer period. If the liquidity situation does not change, 
I don't think cost of funds will change drastically from here. It all depe nds on liquidity in the 
market. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ishmohit from SOIC Research. 
Ishmohit: Sir, my question was related to our return on equity. I think in the past, you have always talked 
about that 15% is the Lakshman Rekha. I think the quarter 4 is always our quarter where ROEs 
jumped up. But this time in first 9 months, our ROE is close to 13%. So, are we confident of 
maintaining the 15% guidelines? 
Pralay Mondal: We will try to touch the Lakshman Rekha. We will definitely be better than  where we are right 
now. 
Ishmohit: Right. Sir, second question was related to the credit costs. I think in the past, we have also spoken 
about credit cost being close to 50 bps. I think this quarter has been a multi-quarter high in credit 
cost because of one-off reason that we had. So, do we see the cred it cost also falling down as 
you go into Q4 and Q1? Are we expecting the credit cost to normalize from there? 
Pralay Mondal: Our endeavour is to do that. I think we should do a lot better than where we are today. I cannot 
make a forward-looking statement on a call like this. But I am prett y confident of our overall 
GNPA, NNPA and credit cost improvements going ahead from where we are now. 
Ishmohit: But will it be like fair to understand that this quarter marks the peak of the credit costs.  
Pralay Mondal: Yes, Like I said about 3.54% NIM for Q1, this is peak in terms of credit cost. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Anusha Raheja from Dalal & Broacha. 
Anusha Raheja: One thing on the slippage side, given the fact that global macro is still uncertain, how are we 
confident that the Q3 slippages will not continue in Q4 and going forwa rd? Secondly, what is 
the broader call in terms of advance growth that you are anticipa ting in FY '27? Any internal 
targets for ROA, ROE for FY '27? 
Pralay Mondal: We will be growing asset book somewhere at 25% and above and whatever it takes to fund that 
growth, we will do it through the various routes primarily from deposit s. Hence, deposits have 
to grow by 20% and above. Coming to the slippage and the qu ality of portfolio question - we 
know exactly where our customers stand as we are monitoring the SM A portfolio very 
diligently- SME in particular has given the higher slippages. We also a pplied breaks on the 
disbursements in the SME affected sectors as is evident from the lower nu mbers YoY. Hence, 
we have adequate grip and visibility on the accounts, and we can  assure that things are well 
under control aided by the proactive actions that we took . Having said that, these cases are not 
like a micro finance or an unsecured loan where the challenge continues for a while, and things 
are expected to settle now and start getting better. Once we are co nfident that things are 
comfortable, we will start growing this portfolio because we have the entire estab lished 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
machinery in place. It is only a matter of time to take a strategic call to grow this business when 
the overall market scenario improves. 
 In short , we are not only confident of recovering the slippage and NPA, but we are also 
confident of the SMA book which we have at this point of time. 
Anusha Raheja: Okay sir. Any ROA, ROE targets for FY '27? 
Pralay Mondal:  I have always said that we want to be somewhere around 1.5% in RoA and around 15% in RoE. 
This year, we should be coming closer to that and next year, in all  probability we should cross 
that. 
Anusha Raheja: One last thing on the slippage side. Out of INR197 crores that slipped during the quarter, what 
could be any rough estimate, that can get upgraded in Q4? 
Pralay Mondal: Well, we can't comment on the exact numbers. However, we will do well there.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shivaji Thapliyal from YES Securities. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: Yes. Just one question from my side. Just to understand the underlying asset quality a little better. 
Could you help us understand what could be the exposure to some  of the sectors, which are 
potentially impacted by tariffs, I mean, the textile sector in Tamil Nadu or elsewhere in South 
India, some of these other sectors like fisheries, shrimps and so on. 
 Any sense of what that portfolio is? Or is it not sensible to look at it fro m that lens? And just 
only it is better to look at it from an account specific perspecti ve. Any thoughts around that, 
basically? 
Pralay Mondal: Shivaji, we are not a large bank. When you are a large bank, you  have to look at the systemic 
issues more closely. For smaller banks, it would be more prudent to see from an account level , 
without overlooking the overall ecosystem. 
 For us, it is a combination of both, but we are more focused at account/ customer level - what is 
going on in his business, how his cash flow is coming, how he is expanding business, if you are 
diversifying the business, the impact on the core business and things like that. With this focus, 
the outlook is positive now.  
Having said that, on the macro - our risk department did a detailed analysis for exposure to some 
of these affected kind of industries in the SME side and they had com e out with stress testing 
formula/scenarios on the potential challenges. We figured out that it is not something which  is 
earth-shattering and not all of that is/will be playing out also. Having  said that, certain places 
where you do not analyse, there it is playing out. For example, if a person who is supposed to 
do exports to a particular country is not doing that and selling the goods within India at cheaper 
rates, then he becomes competitive, and somebody else gets impa cted. Hence, sometimes, 
formulas don't work that way. Hence, we have to see the bigger picture and say that leave the 
bigger picture outside and look at specific customers. We now have the  count of customers 
where the challenges are and what the solutions are. We have worked  on this and in least 50% 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
of the cases, we have visible solutions in our hand at this point of time. Ultimately, as a banker,  
if you do business, there will be certain times where certain challenges creep up. How to resolve 
these challenge gives the marks to the department or to the institution.  That is what we are 
focusing on.  
At the same time, we did not believe that we should simply expand the denominator and add to 
the stress. We withdrew from some of these markets and businesses right now, but without losing 
the relationship so that whenever we want to go back, we can go bac k and do those businesses 
full-fledged. Sometimes, when you hold hands of people, it is easy for us to just go and say that 
I am auctioning a property, then you lose those customers forever. Hence, the intent part in SME 
side is very important. When you support them, they remain your customers forever. 
 Hence, I think it is a balancing act. It is not one formula that work s everywhere. I think overall, 
we have got a hang of the whole thing. I don't see the SME portfolio going any worse than where 
it is today. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: So, I mean just a quick follow-up. No material slippages of this quantum , which can take gross 
slippage to 2 percentage levels should be emerging in the upcomin g quarters, basically. I mean 
whatever stress because of tariffs, etc., have emerged as most of the slippages have been created? 
Pralay Mondal: It has been played out. Even if there is a global stress, it will not impact us anymore because we 
have taken prudent calls and even at the cost of business . I will be extremely surprised if in the 
next 3 years, we see a 2%, in gross NPA. Though we have given a guidance of 2%, we will 
remain well below 2%. This is the peak of our slippage is my view. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Dantewadia from Dante Equities. 
Yash Dantewadia: I just have one clarification. I think with the recoveries, we gave a number, I think INR30 crores 
to INR40 crores. Did I hear that right? 
Pralay Mondal: Yes, INR 30 crores, not recovery, upgrades. 
Yash Dantewadia: Perfect. You said 80% of the NPAs are sort of accounted for. You have assets up to 80% of what 
you lend. Is that right? 
Pralay Mondal: Collateralized, what I meant was collateralised. I am only talking abou t SME, not wholesale. 
Wholesale is high-end corporates and cannot have such high collateral coverage. 
Yash Dantewadia: That is understood. Coming back to gold loan business, how do you see this kind of the 
momentum in the next 1 or 2 years, like, let us assume that the go ld prices sustain where they 
are currently. How do you see the gold portfolio growing as a pe rcentage of your total book, 
maybe 1 or 2 years forward? 
Pralay Mondal: See, Gold price movement surprises me almost every day now. Obviously, how long it is 
sustainable, we don't know. We cannot build our business model based on gold price going up 
or remaining at this level. We are also taking base case scenario where it will come down also. 
Based on that, all our projections are derived.  
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 If it goes up, it is an opportunity, why not do this business. It is also an opportunity to improve 
the portfolio and bring down our LTV ratio. Our LTV is below 60% right  now. Hence, even if 
we do an LTV sensitivity analysis, it goes up by 5%, 10%, or even  20%,  the analysis throws 
out a very rosy picture. As these are short-term loans say 6 months, 1-y ear etc, unless one fine 
day it falls by say 50%, there is no challenge. 
 That is on the risk side. On the opportunity side, I think the b iggest opportunity that is emerging 
in the gold loan segment is not necessarily price but a new segment, where it is no longer just a 
loan against gold jewellery for consumption. It is a 5%, 7% segme nt, for working capital and 
the ticket sizes are much higher than what we have done in the past. We are creating separate 
focus on that within specific service areas. That is one business where irrespective of gold price 
going up or going down, the growth will sustain because they will get funds cheaper on the 
collaterals they possess, compared to unsecured loans where there is no guaranteed sanction. 
They will be using it for their working capital requirement.  
Second thing I want to say that at times, we think that if prices hav e gone up, the portfolio has 
gone up in ratio of prices. It is not like that because ultimately, propen sity to consume is 
important. People will take what they need for their working capital, for their consumption, etc. 
So tomorrow, if the need remains the same and gold prices comes down, they top it up with more 
gold if they have. Hence, it is not a direct correlation between price and growth.  
 With gold price going up, gold portfolio is also going up , obviously, for everybody. Considering 
this trend, our portfolio growth is much slower because we have been careful in term s of LTV 
and other things. But if gold prices start going down, certainly, everyb ody's portfolio growth 
will start coming down. I think it is a combination of all of this. 
 Anyways, in the long-term scheme of things, we want the gold to be les ser in terms of business 
mix. It plays out well because we are not saying that gold price will remain here. 
Yash Dantewadia: But you still haven't said a number, maybe as a percentage of your total loan book. 
Pralay Mondal: Right now, it is 50%, 51%. If the opportunity is there, it can go up also a little bit. But eventually, 
by 2030, it will be between 25% to 30%. 
Yash Dantewadia: So, when you say 25% to 30% by 2030, which part of your lo an book are you looking to scale 
to that extent to bring this 50% down to 25%? 
Pralay Mondal: Wholesale will be a little more than 30%. SME will be somewhere around 1 8% to 20%. Rest 
will be retail. 
Yash Dantewadia: Under retail, I am assuming gold is 25% and other 25% retail. 
Pralay Mondal: Gold is not 25% of retail. Retail is separate. Gold mix on a standalone basis is 25% or 30% with 
the 5% special segment, which we will create for working capital, where collateral will be gold. 
SMEs, let us say between 18% to 20%, wholesale is around 30%. Rest will be retail assets, which 
will be all other products like your auto, consumer vehicles, HCF, commercial equipment, retail 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
LAP, all of this together and mostly, it will be built on the e xisting customers of the bank and 
hence building the liability franchise is very important on which we are focusing. 
Yash Dantewadia: Just have one last question. Exit ROE for this financial year. The second question is, next year, 
you said you would be looking to do above 15% right -- so could you please also give us some 
guidance of cost to income for next year? 
Pralay Mondal: I think cost to income will remain elevated somewhere around 60% for another year. After that, 
it will start coming down sharply. 
Yash Dantewadia: On the first question, the 15% ROE for this year 
Pralay Mondal: If we say 15% is a Lakshman Rekha and if we come close to that this year, then next year, 
obviously, we have to cross that. 
Yash Dantewadia: So, are you telling me you are confident of closing at 15% this year? 
Pralay Mondal: We will come closer. We will be better than where we are today. But beyon d that, I cannot 
discuss.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Arush Gupta from Angel One. As there is no response from 
the current participant, so we will move on to our next participant. 
 We have the next question from the line of Vansh Solanki from RSPN Ventures. 
Vansh Solanki: Most of the questions are answered. Only one question about the sli ppages that we have in Q3. 
Management does say INR4 crores to INR5 crores was about wholesale. So, can you just give a 
rough estimate about rest INR190 crores, how much from the retail segment and how much from 
the SME segment? 
Pralay Mondal: I think retail was similar to last quarter. On the wholesale, there is almost nothing. This is a very 
vintage customer. In wholesale, we do not do INR3 crores, INR4 crores, INR5 crores of business 
anymore. Broadly, in retail, there will be some in cards, some in perso nal loans, some in Agri, 
some in MFI. Retail is sort of in the same range as last quarter. 
Vansh Solanki: In crores if you can say this? 
Pralay Mondal: I don't know, we don't give those numbers as such. I am giving  you a good flavor of it that a 
larger part is from SME, retail is similar to last quarter and wholesale, there is almost nothing.  
Vansh Solanki: Okay. Just one suggestion from my side that you just mentioned this in  last quarter, you had 
PSLC fees income as well as expenses and also this is about to happen in the quarter 4 also. Can 
you just give a little more bifurcation in your ppt. It will be more helpful to understand that how 
much is the granular income and how much is one-off? It will be helpful. 
Pralay Mondal: No, we don't give those details. All I can say is that our attempt is to have core fee income 
somewhere around 14% to 15%, and overall fee income somewhere around 19% to 20%. Hence, 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
core will be around 15%, non-core will be 5%. Sometimes the non-core will come from treasury, 
sometimes it will come from PSLC.  
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Akshat Agrawal from SMIFS Institutional Research. 
Akshat Agrawal: In terms of coverage, which is down to 66% this quarter. So, you plan to buil d it back to above 
70%. Is it correct? 
Pralay Mondal: Yes. Once we start to upgrade the accounts it will automatically come back. 
Akshat Agrawal: Right, sir. In terms of branches, which is now 8 branches this quarter versus 7 in  the first half. 
So, are we going to accelerate in the fourth quarter? Or is there any ch ange in the strategy on 
branches? 
Pralay Mondal: I think we are adding somewhere around 40- 50 branches every ye ar. We will remain around 
that level itself. Right now, we have to first leverage the branches. For this we should invest into 
products, processes and sales machinery etc, which will enable faster acqu isition of new 
customers. 
 We have enough branches now say 840 plus branches; it is just how much business is to be done. 
Our priority is to first leverage these existing branches and then expand  on a larger scale . But 
yes, we will continue to add 40 to 50 branches every year. 
Akshat Agrawal: Right sir. Just if I can squeeze in one more. In terms of fee income, was there any syndication 
fee? 
Pralay Mondal: No syndication fee. 
Akshat Agrawal: So, in terms of run rate from here, it will slightly increase due to PSLC income next quarter. 
Pralay Mondal: That is the goal. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Pralay Mondal: Thank you very much everyone for joining the call. I can tell yo u that mood within the bank is 
positive, and we hope that we will be able to do very well in Q4 an d end the year well. Thank 
you very much and see you for Q4 results. Good evening. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of YES Securities, that concludes this conferenc e. Thank you all for 
joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 