===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
Karnataka Bank Ltd.     
                                                                                                                                 Your Family Bank, Across India 
 
                                               Regd. & Head Office Phone  : 0824-2228182 
                              P. B. No.599, Mahaveera Circle      E-Mail : comsec@ktkbank.com 
                                                              Kankanady    Website : www.karnatakabank.bank.in  
                                              Mangaluru – 575 002  CIN : L85110KA1924PLC001128                                                                                                                     
 
SECRETARIAL DEPARTMENT 
        HO:SEC: 299 :2025-26                                                                                     Date:   18.02.2026                                                                                                                                         
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI - 400051 
The Manager 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
MUMBAI - 400001 
 
NSE Scrip Code: KTKBANK BSE Scrip Code: 532652 
 
 
Madam / Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3FY26 Earnings’ Audio Conference Call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 15 (b) of Para A of Part A of Schedule III and 
Regulation 46 (2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith the transcript of the post results analysts / 
institutional investors audio conference call held on Wednesday, February 11, 2026, on 
the unaudited, reviewed Standalone & Consolidated financial results of the Bank for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
The same is also made available on the Bank’s website under the following web link: 
https://karnatakabank.bank.in/investors/quarterly-results  
This is for your kind information and dissemination. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
Sham K 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
Page 1 of 22 
  
 
 
“The Karnataka Bank Limited 
Q3 FY 2025-2026 Financial Results Conference Call” 
February 11, 2026 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAGHAVENDRA S. BHAT – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 MR. RAJA B. S. – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER  
 MR. CHANDRASHEKAR – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER  
 MR. VINAYA BHAT P.J. – CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MR. JAYANAGARAJA RAO S. – HEAD, INSPECTION AND 
INTERNAL AUDIT AND INTERNAL VIGILANCE  
MR. NIRANJANKUMAR R. – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES 
OFFICER 
MR. NAGARAJA UPADHYAYA B. – HEAD, CREDIT SANCTIONS 
DEPARTMENT 
MR. VENKATESWARLU MALLINENI – HEAD, LIABILITIES 
SALES AND THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS 
MR. VIJAYAKUMAR P.H. – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. RAGHURAM H.S. – HEAD, BRANCH BANKING 
DEPARTMENT, PRODUCT DEPARTMENT AND BUSINESS 
SOLUTIONS GROUP (BSG), AND IT & MIS DEPARTMENT 
MR. CHANDRASHEKARA G. – HEAD, CREDIT SANCTIONS 
DEPARTMENT 
MR. SHAM K. –COMPANY SECRETARY AND HEAD OF 
OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT 
MR. SREEDHAR S. – HEAD, CREDIT MONITORING 
DEPARTMENT 
MR. MANOJKUMAR P.V. – CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
 
  

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Karnataka Bank Q3 FY 
2026 Financial Results Conference Call, hosted by the Karnataka Bank. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that 
this Conference Call is being recorded. 
 Mr. Raghavendra S. Bhat, Managing Director and CEO from the Karnataka 
Bank, who is on the line along with his top management team; Mr. Raja B. S., 
Chief Oper ating Officer;  Mr. Chandra shekar, Chief Business Officer; 
Mr.Vinaya Bhat P.J., Chief Compliance Officer; Mr. Jayanagaraja Rao S., 
Head of Inspection and Internal Audit and Internal Vigilance;  Mr. Niranjan 
Kumar R., Chief Human Resource s Officer; Mr. Nagaraja Upadhyaya B., 
Head of Credit Sanctions Department; Mr. Venkateswarlu Mallineni, Head of 
Liabilities Sales and Third -Party Products; Mr. Vijayakumar P.H., Chief 
Financial Officer; Mr. Raghuram H.S., Head of Branch Banking Department, 
Product Department & Business Solutions Group (BSG) , and IT & MIS 
Department; Mr. Chandrashekara G., Head of Credit Sanctions Department; 
Mr. Sham K., Company Secretary and Head of Operations Department; Mr. 
Sreedhar S., Head of Credit Monitoring Department; Mr. Manojkumar P.V., 
Chief Risk Officer.  
 I now hand the conference call over to the Managing Director and CEO. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Raghavendra S. Bhat. 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: Good evening, and thank you for joining the Karnataka Bank's Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Call. We appreciate the continued interest and engagement from our 
investors and stakeholders. During today's call, we will walk you through the 
Bank's performance for the quarter ended 31st December 2025, outline the key 
financial highlights and share our strategic priorities ahead. 
 Consistent with our approach in the previous quarter, we have provided our 
investors sufficient time to review the financial results and the investor 
presentation, both of which were uploaded to the website of the Bank 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
following the conclusion of the Board meeting held on 10th February 2026. As 
highlighted in the previous quarter, the first quarter of FY '26 was a period of 
significant transition for the Bank. 
 Q3 marks my second full quarter as the Bank's MD and CEO, and I am pleased 
to share that we have built on the momentum and made ste ady progress in 
executing our strategy. By keeping our strategic focus intact, we have 
successfully navigated the transition phase, strengthened operational stability 
and laid the groundwork for sustainable growth. Our mission and vision 
remain firmly anchored as we move ahead with renewed focus, reinforcing our 
commitment to disciplined growth, operational excellence and effective 
strategic execution in line with the Bank's long-term objectives. 
 Before getting into the financials, I would like to highlig ht that our approach 
during the quarter was anchored around three key priorities . Number one, 
strengthening retail and MSME growth to build a more resilient and well -
diversified portfolio; number two, optimizing funding costs by increasing 
CASA and reducing reliance on high -cost bulk deposits; number three, 
sustaining asset quality and provision coverage while maintaining a sharp 
focus on core profitability metrics such as NIM. 
 Strategic overview. The banking landscape remains dynamic, influenced by  
evolving macroeconomic factors such as interest rate movements and liquidity 
conditions. During Q3, the reduction in the repo rate put pressure on yields 
across the industry. In response, the Karnataka Bank recalibrated the lending 
mix to protect margins while continuing to effectively serve the needs of 
customers. 
 Our strategy remains clear. Retail, Agri and MSME, (RAM), segments remain 
the core drivers of our growth strategy. Corporate portfolio rationalization 
continues, with a sustained focus on high yielding assets . Digital 
transformation initiatives are gaining momentum with new products and 
platforms being developed to enhance customer experience an d improve 
operational efficiency. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 
 Let me now present the business highlights. Aggregate business stood at  
INR 1,81,394 crores as of December 31, '25, up by 3% Q -on-Q from  
INR 1,76,461 crores in September '25. PAT  in Q3 FY '26  was INR 290.79 
crores as against INR 319.12 crores in Q2 FY '26 reflecting a decrease of 9%. 
Y-o-Y, there is an increase in PAT from INR 283.60 crores in Q3 FY '25. 
Further, in line with the Bank's commitment to increase PCR, the Bank has 
undertaken accelerated provisioning and the PCR presently stands at 61.23%. 
 Gross advances  stood at INR 77,283.85 crores as on 31st December '25, 
reflecting Q -on-Q growth of 5% from INR 73,644.15 crores as on  
30th September '25. Overall strategy is to continue to focus on growing retail, 
agri and MSME, with the growth led by the MSME, housing and gold loan 
portfolios with a net book accretion of INR 962 crores Q-on-Q.  
 The Bank remains committed to reduce its exposure to low-yielding corporate 
loans that were opportunistically deployed for better yields than treasury. As 
conveyed during the previous calls, we have started replacing IBPC book with 
higher-yielding loans. IBPC portfolio as on 31 st December '2 5 stood at  
INR 1,639 crores as against INR 1,860 crores as on 30th September '25. 
Accordingly, around INR 221 crores of IBPC advances have been replaced in 
Q3. 
 On a Q -on-Q basis, the Retail, Agri and MSME segment in Q3 FY '26 has 
grown by 2%, while mid -corporate advances have grown by around 7%. As 
we move forward, we will continue our strategy of accelerating retail growth 
while also stabilizing our corporate portfolio with good quality and better 
yielding loans. Aggregate deposits as on 31 st December '25 stood at  
INR 1,04,111.52 crores as against INR 1,02,817.19 crores as at 30th September 
2025. 
 CASA deposits stood at 31.53% of aggregate deposits as against 31.01% in 
September '25. It is to be noted that in absolute terms, our CASA deposits have 
grown 3% Q-on-Q over September '25. CASA accretion continues to be a key 
priority for the Bank, and we have put in place focused strategies to further 
accelerate CASA growth over the course of the year. 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
 
 The Bank has continued to focus on shifting high-cost bulk deposits to granular 
or retail deposits of less than INR 3 crores. Bulk deposits as a percentage of 
total deposits have come down from 5.3% as on 30th September '25 to 4.8% as 
on 31st December '25. Similarly, bulk deposits as a percentage of term deposits 
have come down from 7.6% as on 30 th September '25 to 7.1% as on  
31st December '25. 
 In line with this clearly articulated strategy, the Bank has consciously curtailed 
the acceptance of high-cost bulk deposits with the majority of deposit renewals 
being carried out at a predefined card rates. This approach has enabled the 
Bank to exercise better control over its cost of deposits. 
 Retail term deposits , that is less than INR3 crores, have grown from  
INR 65,531.80 crores as on 30th September '25 to INR 66,252.24 crores as on  
31st December '25. On a Y-o-Y basis, retail term deposits have grown by 6%. 
 Our focused efforts on new product development and launches remain on track 
aimed at addressing and bridging the remaining gaps in our product offerings. 
Several Launches are planned in the coming quarters. Under the   
Agri Infrastructure Fund, we are exploring the best opportunities available 
under the scheme, which includes assistance for creation of post -harvest 
management infrastructure and creation of community farming assets.  
 For SHG lending, we are in the process of launching a dedicated product 
specifically for Self -Help Groups. To sca le up our MSME business, an 
ecosystem tie-up is underway, which includes onboarding business facilitators 
and Loan Service Providers (LSPs) for electric-vehicle financing. We are also 
introducing the ‘Soulabhya Deposit,’ a new variant offering a partial 
withdrawal facility, along with enhancements to our Flexi Deposit Scheme, 
Supply Chain Finance, and Trust Finance offerings. 
 Net interest income. Net interest income for Q3 FY '26 stood at INR 792.06 
crores as compared to INR 728.12 crores in Q2 FY '26, registering a Q -on-Q 
growth of 8.8%. Net interest margin stood at 2.92% for Q3 FY '26 as against 
2.72% in Q2 FY '26 and 3.02% in Q3 FY '25. While t he cost of deposit and 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
 
cost of funds have declined, the fall in yield on advances has put some pressure 
on our NIM during the quarter.  
 However, supported by an increase in CASA  and a reduction in the share of 
bulk deposits, our cost of deposits has redu ced from 5.5% for Q2 FY '26 to 
5.43% for Q3 FY '26. Along with the added focus on the RAM segment, there 
has been an improvement in NIM during this quarter, and we expect to see our 
NIM returning  back to the previous level of around 3% plus. 
 Loan yields. As a result of the recent cut in the repo rate owing to reduction 
in external benchmark rates, partially offset by changes in the product mix, 
yield on advances for Q3 FY '26 stood at 8.71% as compared to 8.98% in Q2 
FY '26 and 9.37% in Q3 FY '25. As mentioned during the previous quarter, the 
Bank remains committed to its strategy of replacing the bulk deposits  and  
bulky opportunistic advances with direct to corporate and retail advances. 
Considering the potential churn to higher-yielding segments, we expect to see 
further improvement in the overall portfolio. 
 CD ratio  for the quarter stood at 74.23% as compared to 71.63% in  
September '25 and 77.84% in December '24.  
 Gross NPA percentage as on 31st December '25 stood at 3.32% amounting to 
INR 2,565.31 crores as against 3.33%, INR 2,453.10 crores in September '25, 
thereby showing an improvement of 1 basis point. The gross NPA percentage 
as on December '24 stood at 3.11%, that is INR 2,419 crores.  
 Net NPA percentage as on 31 st December '25 stood at 1.31% amounting to 
INR 994.70 crores as against 1.35%, that is INR 975.96 crores in September 
'25, thereby showing an improvement of 4 basis points. Net NPA percentage 
as on December '2 4 stood at 1.39% amounting to  INR 1,063 crores. The 
quarterly improvement in both gross NPA and net NPA percentage reflects our 
Bank's intensified efforts to control slippages and improve recovery  efficiency 
through regional collection centres. 
 Credit cost stood at 0.11% in Q3 FY '26 as against 0.03% in Q2 FY '26 and 
0.12% in Q3 FY '25. Gross slippages stood at 0.47% in Q3 FY '26 as against 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
 
0.35% in Q2 FY '26 and 0.40% in Q3 FY '25. Recoveries for the quarter, 
excluding upgraded accounts, stood at INR 114.18 crores in Q3 FY '26 versus 
INR 193.25 crores in Q2 FY '26 and INR 100.52 crores in Q3 FY '25. 
 Standard restructured advances  including related accounts,  stood at  
INR 867.95 crores as on 31st December '25 as compared to INR 939.35 crores 
as on 30 th September '25, registering a reduction of 7.6% Q -on-Q. Standard 
restructured portfolio stood at INR 1,113.65 crores as on 31st December '24.  
 Around 55% of the standard restructured portfolio that is INR 477.37 crores 
comprise loans that require a 30% recovery for upgradation. Bank is focusing 
on recovering the same, post which these accounts would be moved out of the 
restructured portfolio. These efforts underline the Bank's commitment to 
reducing the restructured portfolio. 
 Provision Coverage Ratio (PCR), including technical write -off, stood at 
80.90% in December '25 as compared to 81.05% in September '25 and 80.64% 
in December '24. Excluding technical write -off, PCR improved to 61.23% as 
compared to 60.22% in September '25 and 56.03% in  
December '24, in line with the Bank's commitment to improving PCR. 
 Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR). As on 31st December '25, LCR stood at 
186.84% as against 188.16% as on 30th September '25 and as against the target 
of 100%.  
 Cost of funds . Cost of funds stood at 5.46% in Q3 FY '26 as compared to 
5.58% in Q2 FY '2 6 and 5.69% in Q3 FY '25. The sequential Q -on-Q 
improvement in cost of funds is expected to continue in the coming quarters 
as the benefits of the cut in repo rate materializes. This would be further 
supported by our continued endeavours to reduce the dependence on bulk 
deposits and replacing the same with retail deposits at card rates and focus on 
CASA build-up. 
 Cost-to-Income Ratio. For the quarter ended 31 st December '25, cost -to-
income ratio stood at 58.72% as against 58.93% for the quarter ended  
30th September '25. The Bank has undertaken multiple cost-rationalization and 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
 
monitoring initiatives to renegotiate rents, revise vendor commercials, and  
keep operating expenses under control 
 Owing to our reduction in composition of bulk deposits in total deposits, along 
with our added focus on RAM segment, we should see an improvement in net 
interest income, which will favorably impact cost  to income  ratio, and is 
expected to bring it down to 55% in the coming quarters. 
 Return On Equity. Q3 FY '26 ROE stood at 9.06% as against 10.14% in Q2 
FY '26. ROA, Q3 FY '26 return on advances stood at 0.92% as against 1.03% 
in Q2 FY '26. We expect to end the year with a return on assets of around  1.1% 
or higher. We expect ROA and ROE t o further improve, supported by higher 
accretion in the high -yielding RAM segment and a gradual shift from bulk 
deposits to retail deposits. These factors are expected to drive an improvement 
in net interest income and consequently lead to an improvement in PAT. 
 I would like to reiterate that Karnataka Bank is built on a strong foundation 
and is well -positioned to capitalize on emerging opportunities. The progress 
we have made in strengthening our retail and MSME portfolio, optimizing 
funding costs and imp roving asset quality provides a solid platform for 
sustainable growth in the coming quarters.  
 Our strategic initiatives ranging from digital transformation to targeted product 
launches are firmly execution -driven and designed to deliver measurable 
outcomes. As these initiatives gain further traction, we expect to see a steady 
improvement in margins, profitability and return ratios going forward. 
 While the banking landscape continues to evolve, our resilience, agility and 
customer-centric approach remain key differentiators. Supported by strong 
capital adequacy, healthy liquidity and a disciplined execution framework, the 
Karnataka Bank is well-equipped to deliver consistent and long-term value to 
all stakeholders. 
 Thank you for your trust and continued support. I would now like to hand over 
the call to the moderator for any questions and feedback from our callers that 
we would be glad to take. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: The first question comes from the line of Mr. Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway 
Investments Private Limited. 
Vinay Nadkarni: Just some bookkeeping questions. What percentage of advances you said are... 
Moderator: Mr. Nadkarni, sorry for interrupting. Your voice is not clear. Can you come a 
little closer to the mike and speak? 
Vinay Nadkarni: Yes, just wanted to check out what is the percentage of EBLR or MCLR-linked 
advances that we have? 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: Around 80% of Gross advance is linked to EBLR. 
Vinay Nadkarni: Okay How much of your deposits are to be repriced downwards in Q4 because 
of the repo rate cut? 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: Because of the rate cut, deposits are fixed rate, no floating rates  and as  of 
the rate cuts, nothing to do with the EBLR. Deposit rate are fixed rate. 
Vinay Nadkarni: Okay. And just one more question on  you said you are focusing on MSMEs 
and the RAM portfolio. But when I see your SMA 2, maximum outstanding is 
coming from these 3 segments, including h ousing loans. So is there a stress 
there that we are going to encounter as we grow this RAM book? 
Raghavendra S. Bhat:  No. MSME, stress was there, no doubt about it. A portion of MSME was 
mainly because of CMA  & renewals. In total, it was reduced from almost 
10.2% to 7.6%. Because of continuous follow-up efforts and the renewal of 
working capital facilities, we don't foresee any threat, and it is under control. 
Vinay Nadkarni: Okay. And just last question, on housing loans, you seem to have , these are 
secured loans, right? So still in SMA 2, you have a sizable portion of housing 
loans standing there, around 27%. So why is this delay happening? I mean, is 
there any particular reason? 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: Housing loan?  
Vinay Nadkarni: Okay. This is  I am looking at your Slide #22, where you have mentioned 
special mention account breakup, for Q3 FY '26, housing is 26.9%.  
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: No, I will clarify this to you. As far as housing loan segment  is concerned, 
there is no 26% stress,  I will need to check this, and revert back to you. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Mr Suraj with Infoedge Ventures. 
Suraj: As I am able to see that the Bank has been able to achieve the CD ratio of 74%. 
Going forward, how are we planning to improve it further? 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: Yes, it is a continuous effort to increasing the CD ratio. As I told you 
earlier we are focusing on  RAM segment. And as I mentioned earlier also, 
here comes housing, MSME and gold. And the gold loan also during the 
current financial year has shown substantial growth. So also, we have re vised 
the rate of interest on housing loan and MSME loans.  
 We are now at a competitive rate of interest  and, taking all these things into 
account, this growth started coming from October onwards, along with the 
RLPSCs, retail centres started in all 15 centres and additional delegated powers 
to the regional heads, all these are contributory for growth. Growth actually 
started coming from October onwards. 
 Taking into account all these factors, I am quite confident that which has gone 
negative over March till September, now positive traction has started coming  
and that going forward in the remaining months, this growth will be further 
stepped up, and it will show better results in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Mr. Pankaj, an Individual Investor. 
Pankaj: This is Pankaj sir, I would like to know 2 points. Number one, gross NPA has 
increased from 3.11% to 3.32% year-on-year. What would be the behavior of 
stressed accounts in future? And whether any shocks expected ahead? Number 
two, what is the strategy for future retail, agriculture and MSME improvement 
and branch expansion, sir? 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: With regard to gross NPA, I had better plans of controlling the stress as well 
as NPA in the earlier quarter. This quarter also, it was very much under control 
because of one particular account , the efforts with regard to controlling has 
come in the way of negative to the Bank.  
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
 
 And in this particular case also, single account, a big amount , big borrower 
account, I  am quite confident  of recovery , it is fully backed by very good 
security in the prime location. I am quite confident that the recovery action has 
already started. If recovery happens before 31 st, a big boost to overall 
recoveries and help keep the situation well under control. 
 Otherwise, with regard to NPA, which is very much under control, because of 
our focused attention for recovery as well as follow -up of advances through 
CRMD. And with regard to agri, are you referring to agri target, or I missed 
it?  
Pankaj: I would like to know about the RAM improvement. 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: As far as agri improvement is concerned, we are very much on track, and we 
have surpassed the target fixed by the regulator. Against the target of 18%, we 
have crossed that level.  However, with regard to the subsectors under agri, we 
are a slightly short and we are making all our efforts to ensure that this target 
is achieved under that subsector of small farmers and marginal farmers. 
Overall, agri, we have achieved. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Mr Chirag Singhal with First Water 
Fund. 
Chirag Singhal: So my first question is on the NIMs. So we saw a very good improvemen t, 
almost 20 basis point improvement sequentially. Now with no fresh rate cuts, 
is it fair to assume that 3% plus NIM is achievable in Q4? 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: Yes. See, as I mentioned earlier, , we have all strategies in place. Growth 
started coming from October onwards. And going f orward, this growth is 
continuing across in all 15 cent res as well as the higher amount of exposure 
taken up by the head office. 
 One is growth. Other one is the recovery efforts. This both going together will 
add value. And my continuous efforts on recovery as well as controlling stress 
and growth, this will definitely give better yiel d in the coming days. I am 
hopeful that it will be 3% plus during the quarter. It will happen because there 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
 
is an improvement which you have seen. Added to that, it  is this EBLR effect 
where the assets are getting repriced faster, liability side remains fixed. With 
all the focus on CASA it will, and, definitely 3% plus by the year-end. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Mr. Yaswanth Thippeswamy, an 
Individual Investor. 
Yaswanth Thippeswamy: So my first question is with respect to gross NPA. So there is  I mean, the 
industry standard, if you see the sector average of GNPA for MSMEs,  it  has 
improved from like 1% to 4% now. But with the Karnataka Bank, we are still 
staying around at 8%, as you said, answering another caller. So are there any 
special focus that has been placed in order to improve on that front? That is 
first question. 
 And the second question is what are the sectors or industries in MSME that is 
causing this kind of high GNPAs because the slippage is comparably higher 
when we compare quarter -on-quarter basis or the sequentially like from 4 
quarters? 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: Thank you for the question. As I mentioned earlier, it was at 10.2%, you are 
right. It was brought down to 7.6%. Continuous efforts will be there  in 
reducing the stress and further slippage to the NPA, number one. Number two, 
by large borrowers, our facilities are adequately secured by the collaterals, if 
not 100%, some collateral backup is there. 
 But the sectors involved are mainly contractors, manufacturing, and services. 
Here, cash-flow issues are the primary challenge. The borrowers remain in 
regular contact with the controlling office and the dedicated teams I mentioned 
earlier. These teams work to understand the issues and ensure timely resolution 
of any problems. Without this engagement, the improvement we are seeing 
now would not have been possible. 
 And for contractors is around 2.1% stress level  and manufacturing 2.3%, 
service sector 3.2%. It is reduced to 7.6%. Our efforts will be continuously on 
that, to further reduce this down by the end of this quarter, to 5% or below 5%. 
We will work on it. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Mr. Darshan Deora from Indvest Group. 
Darshan Deora: I had a question on the NIMs. So just looking at Slide number 12, I see that on 
a Q-o-Q basis, the NIM has gone up by about 20 basis points, but the yield on 
advances has gone down more than the cost of funds, by about 15 basis points. 
I see the CD ratio has gone up. So is it fair to say that a lot of improvement in 
NIM was because of the increase in CD ratio for this quarter? 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: One is, as you rightly mentioned, improvement in the CD ratio, number one. 
Number two, we are very cautious with regard to the cost of deposit also and 
by focusing on CASA. CASA improvement is also there. With all these efforts 
and as you mentioned, improvement in the CD ratio and better yielding 
advances like retail , on the other hand,  these wholesale advances, we have 
reduced the liability under IBPC which were yielding lesser advances. All 
these are contributory factors, which we are working out in our regular ALCO 
meeting, discuss and deliberate and finally take decision, which will 
contribute. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Mr. Priyank from Vallum Capital. 
Priyank: Sir, because I won't get another chance by operator, I would req uest you to 
take down the list of questions that I had, okay? And I won't take it much long. 
I just want your brief broader guidance just to touch base again for a betterment 
of the public audience. In terms of loan book, you had guided that you would 
grow to the size of, say, at least from INR 77,000 crores to INR 85,000 crores 
by end of FY '26. Where are we? How would we progress? 
 Second question on the CD ratio, you are surely improving it quarter -on-
quarter. We had a target to reach 80% by Q4. What would be that aspirations 
and how it stands for next year? On the NIMs, you are surely again improving, 
and you're walking the talk what you had given out in your first conference 
call. Just to reassure for the public, what would be that NIMs going ahead with 
the exit of this year as well as for the next year? 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
 
 One, in this whole aspect, which is just a missing point is cost to income, which 
is at 55% which you had guided for, a 55% and a better recovery, better 
improvement, which is not yet visible. So your comments on that. 
 Lastly on the provisioning front, should we consider INR100 crores per quarter 
as a minimum requirement just for our aspirations to improve the PCR ratio 
by 100 bps every quarter, is what we had guided. How should we look that for 
next quarter and for the coming year? You had guided for recoveries from the 
technical written-off book. Where are we this quarter? We couldn't get much 
income from the written-off book. 
 Your clarification on the restruc tured account, which had slipped last quarter 
up to INR  100 crores. Has that been recovered? If yes, then why the 
restructured book has just fallen by  INR 70 crores versus INR  100 crores 
recovery that should have come? 
 And finally, on the ROA front, you have been very much vocal to have 
aspirations of ROA of more than 1%. After a long time, we have slipped down 
that number, would you call it one -off? And would you yet call it out to be a 
1% target to be crossed in the coming quarters? That's all. I hope you have 
noted down all the questions. 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: As I told you, walking that talk is always important, and we are doing that.  
Whatever promises have been made, we will try to achieve it, number one. 
 Number two, to give you comfort, advances figure of March FY 25 was at  
INR 78,000 crores, which has dropped to INR  71,000 crores. From there, it 
started picking up. Today, we are at INR 78,000 crores plus. And we have got 
sanctioned facilities of around INR  4,000 crores, even if I take 50% or 75%, 
because there are stages in disbursement, all those things are there we cannot 
disburse the entire amount immediately, around INR  2,500 crores to  
INR 3,000 crores disbursement will happen. 
 We are at INR 78,000 crores, as I said. INR 3,000 crores will come from there. 
Around INR  1,500 crores are coming from gold loan. Gold loan after 
September started picking up.  We have added around INR1,500 crores to 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
 
INR1,800 crores, and daily growth is happening there and in housing loan. As 
I told you in my meeting also in the investors meet in Mumbai, this finer rate 
of interest we have done for housing, retail, MSME and a couple of other areas, 
new products also have been added. 
 Taking all those things into account, around INR 3,000 crores, I am hopeful it 
will come from there INR 85,000 crores is my target, and my team is working 
in all the 15 regional cent res as well as head office. Sufficient leads are also 
there. In principle, cleared proposals are also there. We are behind the people 
who have submitted the proposals for in -principle clearance. All these things 
are simultaneously happening. 
 And with regard to this disbursement, if it is happening at the end of the year, 
the entire interest income if I may not get it in the current quarter, but whatever 
is sanctioned and happening, the disbursements are happening during the 
month and in the month  and the following  month, definitely, it will add to 
interest income, number one. 
 Number two, CD ratio, 80%, you have said. No doubt, it is a task ahead before 
us. One is growing on the asset side. The other is that if we grow equally on 
the liability side, 80% may not happen.  But if we're keeping the liability side 
on one side intact, if the asset growth only is happening but for a Bank, we 
have to grow on both the sides. I am assuring something between 76% and 
80%. We will definitely be there. And I want growth on both the sides because 
my focus is on CASA. 
 Since I am focusing on CASA, my overall yield, or what you call, spread, 
everything, cost controlling, because of improvement in CASA, improvement 
in NIM, NIM has shown improvement as you are observing in Q2, in Q3 there 
is improvement. Further imp rovement will happen. 1% plus will definitely 
happen. That is number three. 
 Number four, cost to income. Yes, consistent efforts are there to reduce, you 
are seeing, based on the Q1, Q2, Q3. Q4 of last year, if you see, it was highest. 
Continuous efforts are on. It is improving quarter-by-quarter with the increase 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
 
in the income, definitely, cost-to-income ratio will be very much under control. 
I am hopeful between 55% to 56%, at that range, it should come if everything 
goes well. Then provisioning, yes, we are committed, and we want to improve 
this position of PCR continuously, if you are seeing this PCR  Q4 of last year 
was 58%. From there, it is continuously improving. And every time there is an 
improvement, we want to have the better financials. Continuously, based on 
this, we are improving, and it should be possible for us. 
 Then with regard to technical written -off. The total recovery from tech nical 
write offs during Q3 was INR  43 crores, which is straightaway added to 
income.  In the Q4 also, some proposals are in the advanced stages where 
discussions are happening. I am quite optimistic between INR 75 crores to INR 
80 crores. If it is happening,  INR 100 crores is very good, INR  75 crores to 
INR 80 crores should happen. And with that, it will  be definitely adding to 
improving the cost-to-income ratio and other important ratios also. 
 With regard to the restructured advances, there is a continuous improvement 
over March ‘25. Restructured advances as on March '25 was INR  994 crores 
and improved to INR 939 crores, further improved to INR 867 crores. And as 
far as restructured NPA is concerned, it was  INR 549 crores as of March '25, 
and further reduced to INR  393 crores. Both put together out of the total 
restructured advances of INR  1,544 crores as of March  ’25, now it is  
INR 1,261 crores. Continuous improvement is happening quite optimistic that 
it will further improve. And the upgradation, by collecting that 30%, it will 
further improve in the restructured portfolio. 
 Then ROA, as I already told you, with these continuous efforts, improvement 
in the CD ratio, improvement in the cost control through CASA improvement 
and recovery. I am quite optimistic that ROA will be 1% pl us by the end of 
this March. I think I have answered all the questions if I have omitted anything, 
please, let me know . I think whatever I have noted, I have told Mr. Priyank. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Sushil C. Choksey. 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
 
Sushil C. Choksey: Sir, team Karnataka replies I've heard, whoever has asked questions. I have a 
very simple question. Sir, I take y ou 4 years back when our market cap was 
INR 500,000 crores, higher than South Indian Bank, INR  1,000 crores below 
Karur Vysya Bank and more or less on par with City Union and other peer 
banks. 
 If you look at the differentiation, Karur is 4x, City Uni on is 2x, South Indian 
is 1.5x and even Tamilnad Mercantile is 1.5x our bank size. Our asset book 
advances to all other ratios is not reflecting, something has gone right in the 
centre. I understand there is a management change. But when do I see that 
slumber is over where the team Karnataka is over? I understand, sir, you've 
just come into the team, but I expect if you can talk on behalf of the team. 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: Yes. Sushil Choksey, thank you for coming online. Thank you for seeking 
clarification. Yes, you are right. Market cap is one thing, which  if the 
financials are really good, market cap will automatically go up. And this is 
coupled with so many reasons. 
 One is, improvement in CD ratio, interest income, net interest inco me, return 
ratios, and NPA under control , all these things ultimately adding value to the 
earnings of the Bank. That is why in the first meeting itself, I told you and all 
other investors and well -wishers who are supporting us , taking into account 
the long-term interest of the organization, I was telling that unless and until we 
improve the quality of advances and the loan book or the CD ratio, if it is not 
less than 80%, around 9 to 10 ratios will go bad. 
 So I started focusing  on this immediately after taking over charge. And as you 
rightly observed, all these strategies coming into effect post October only, the 
refining of rate of interest, delegation of powers to the retail cent res, in the 
respective 15 regional offices. Number two, focused attention on retail in all 
these 15 centres. All these started yielding results now. Therefore, the CD ratio 
has started showing improvement. 
 And the focused attention till Q2,  RAM segment, everywhere, the figures were 
red rather negative. And the book  the figures as of 31 st March and up to 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
 
September were showing red. Today, I am seeing green. Going forward, green 
trend will continue, no doubt about it because I  am optimistic and I am quite 
confident my team is working very hard in the head office also, in all 15 
regional centres also with regard to the growth of credit, number one. 
 Number two, like this growth, by my team, CASA and TPP working across 
India, focusing on onboarding fresh customers and going forward, which will 
add benefit with regard to better pricing, cost control. These two are also 
happening. 
 Number three, my C rMD team at head office, they are in touch with the 
borrowers, particularly larger advances. They go to the field, they understand 
the customer. Sometimes though they are from CrMD, on their visits, they visit 
other borrowers also, to assess market potential and leverage that benefit.  
Likewise, CrMD team is there in the regional office. They also started working 
by visiting to the field. Last but not the least, ARMBs in all centres, they are 
targeting recovery of NPA. That is why I was very much optimistic in the Q3. 
 As far as the NPA is concerned, you must have seen our past Q1 and Q2, it 
was improving. Suddenly, one particular account, as I mentioned, has 
swallowed all our efforts of recovery under other area. That also I  am quite 
confident, as I mentioned earlier, it has very good asset in the prime location. 
 Therefore, I am quite confident that recovery is happening there also. Once it 
is happening, this reversed unrealized interest also will be coming back to the 
income. With all these things, the NIM will improve, ROE will improve, 
everything will improve. Along with that, when the earnings are good, market 
cap also will improve.  
Raghavendra S. Bhat: Along with that, you said when I would see brighter days ahead, yes, it is an 
continuous effort that is required. With that, definitely, we have lost ground 
compared to other banks. We will be bouncing back and at the earliest possible 
time. I cannot commit to you right now. Once this Q4 is over, I will have a 
proper strategy how to do it. When I can, I will definitely come back to you. 
Thank you very much. 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: Next question c omes from the line of Mr.Varun Bang with Bandhan Life 
Insurance. 
Varun Bang: I have 3 questions. so basically, first is from the leadership standpoint, do you 
believe the management and the key functional teams are now in place or there 
are areas where additional talent or restructuring is required? That's question 
number one. 
 Question number two is in terms of your key focus areas. What are your key 
focus areas as you look to drive further execution over the next couple of 
quarters? And third is in terms of the key challenges that you are facing at the 
moment as you basically focus to deliver the stated guidance. Management 
stability, focus areas and challenges, the 3 questions, if you can answer. 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: Regarding management stability, I feel and I have clarified earlier. I am fully 
aware of why you are asking that question.  Earlier also, I have clarified  that 
with regard to the leadership, there is no problem because I have clarified in 
the earlier con call also, and in our one-to-one meeting also.  
 Even earlier, when there was a change in the management, they were 
sufficiently backed by equal ly capable and skilled people as a second line, 
which was there and continuously  you have seen some changes have happened 
during the current year also in the key position that were all replaced. And with 
the equal number of talent, results started coming in. That is, I am confident. 
There is no threat. I guarantee. Absolutely, there is no problem. There is 
sufficient backup. It is going on well. 
 Regarding focus area, as I told you earlier, and again, I am repeating, the retail, 
mid-corporates, retail, MSME, housing and gold loan. And added to that, mid-
corporate where diversified risk is there, diversification is there, focused 
attention is there. Yield is slightly better and collaterals are available. 
 And as I told you earlier, these corporates where the yield is less and risk is 
also more, without collateral and all. And very carefully, Bank is after 
analysing so many things, rating, very carefully, we are taking the exposure 
back. Focus is, again, mid-corporates and retail. 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
 
 With that, growth is happening. I think if you have gone through the 
presentation, which we have made available to you , the growth st arted 
happening and continuous inflow in all these retail 15 centres as well as higher 
ticket advances, it is coming to head office.  
 Both in housing, in mid-corporates, everywhere, ticket size has gone up. I am 
quite optimistic, taking all these things into account, this retail and gold and 
mid-corporate, the growth will come in the remaining period or in the 
immediately next because of our strong marketing team, which is work ing in 
the ground. All this will add value. 
 Secondly, some understanding with the tobacco corporation, some major tie -
up breakthrough has happened. There also, we are focusing our advances. All 
this ultimately, small, small efforts will turn out big. And I am quite confident 
that also will happen. 
 Then challenges, as you asked, as every banker is having, we are also having. 
One is competition. With our improved TAT, we have to make it  and  we 
cannot ignore compliance and quality in the advances. We have taken adequate 
steps when the retail is growing. The follow -up action also need s to be 
improved. For that, concurrent auditors also have been placed in all the 15 
centres, even in head office also. All these collective efforts put together, 
challenges have been met with mitigating factors. I am quite sure that all these 
will produce best results going forward. 
Moderator: The last question comes from the line of Mr. Piyush Chada with Share India. 
Piyush Chada: Just wanted some guidance on what you see as longer -term growth and ROA 
targets. I know that your immediate urgency is to get to something  like  
INR 84,000 crores, INR 85,000 crores balance sheet end of this financial year 
and a 1% plus ROA. But say, if we were to look at slightly longer term,  
'27- '28, what kind of growth rate do you think you can sustain in your assets? 
And what kind of ROA would you target on a slightly more longer-term basis? 
Raghavendra S. Bhat: As I was mentioning earlier also, I still stand by whatever I have committed 
earlier. One is I have to focus on overall growth of 15% business. 15% business 
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
 
means I am focusing for growth in advances between 15% to 20% and growth 
in liabilities between 10% to 15%. Overall growth will produce around 15% 
business which I want to commit going forward as a long-term plan. As I told 
you earlier, my immediate target is Q4 because the actual business started 
happening from Q3 beginning only. So long -term plan since you asked, I  am 
telling you, overall growth in business is around 15% and this, as I mentioned 
earlier, ROA of 1% plus. 
 If you ask me 1% plus, what it means? Immediately, my plan of 31st March, 
it should be 1% plus. Going forward, next year, 1.1% to 1.2%. Third year, 
1.2% to 1.3%. It is a step towards like this. And spread also 3% plus immediate. 
Going forward, I have to further improve depending upon so many other 
factors, growth, challenges, all these things come into picture. Taking all these 
things into account, my immediate plan of action is like this. 
 I am moving in this direction immediately next month. Again, I will revise 
that. Revise in the sense, strategies and other things, marketing, everything I 
will plan. By the end of March, the picture will be very clear. Based on that, I 
will work further to improve all these strategies. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. And 
due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question -and-answer 
session. For any queries, you may reach out to team. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Raghavendra S. Bhat for closing comments. 
Raghavendra S. Bhat : Thank you, all the gentlemen who have come online . Thank you for the 
opportunity given to me to interact wi th you. I will be more often interacting 
with you. I  am assuring you that I will be interested to discuss with you in 
person also, whenever I am in Mumbai or elsewhere, wherever it is convenient, 
number one. 
 Number two, it is a commitment from my side that whatever some gentleman 
has told, walking the talk, we always do that. We are committed to that and 
what best service is also possible. All these things ultimately will produce the 
===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
 Karnataka Bank Limited 
 February 11, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
 
best result to the Bank and increasing the value of our stakeholders also. Thank 
you very much, one and all. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of the Karnataka Bank, that concludes this conference  
call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note : This transcript has been edited for clarity and readability purpose and does not essentially 
purport to be a verbatim record of the conference call. 
 
*********** 