===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“CSB Bank Limited  
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 4, 2026, 05.30 PM IST 
          
 
 
MANAGEMENT:            MR. PRALAY MONDAL 
       MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO - CSB BANK 
 
       MR. B.K. DIVAKARA 
                                         EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - CSB BANK 
 
                                         MR. SATISH GUNDEWAR 
           CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - CSB BANK 
  
 
 
          ANALYST:           MR. SHIVAJI THAPLIYAL 
                                      YES SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to CSB Bank Limite d Earnings Call for Q4 
FY2026 financial results hosted by Yes Securities Limited. Please note all parti cipant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity fo r you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being  recorded. With 
that, I hand over the call to Mr. Shivaji Thapliyal from Yes Sec urities. Thank you and over 
to you. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: Thank you Swapnil. Good evening and a warm welcome to all th ose who have joined the 
call. The CSB Bank Management is represented by Mr. Pralay Monda l, Managing Director 
and CEO, Mr. B. K. Divakara, Executive Director and Mr. Satish Gundew ar, Chief 
Financial Officer. We specifically thank the management of CSB Bank for g iving Yes 
Securities the opportunity to host their result call. Management will first b e making some 
opening remarks, after which we will throw the floor open for questions. I now invite the 
management to make their opening remarks. Pralay, over to you! 
Pralay Mondal: Thank you, Shivaji, and thanks everybody for joining our ann ual and Q4 analyst call. To 
start with, we will brief on the global economic scenario. As we all know that the West 
Asian crisis has been continuing for more than two months now in a row with probability of 
further escalations being large, though de-escalations cannot be ruled  out altogether. Higher 
crude prices for an unduly long period definitely pose inflation risk. Con sequently, Federal 
Open Market Committee, BOE and EU have kept the rates on hold cau tiously with the 
guidance that they may have to increase it subsequently. Glob al growth forecast remains 
subdued and financial markets are likely to remain highly volatile. As a result of higher 
crude prices, Indian growth is expected to reduce by 50 basis points as per certain estimates. 
The inflation forecast has been revised upwards and RBI expects the inflatio n for the next 
year to be around 4.6%. The deposit growth continues to lag the  credit growth, raising the 
bulk deposits and CD rates in Q4. Surplus liquidity since then has reduced rates slightly, but 
they are likely to remain elevated due to uncertainties in the economic conditions. The G-
Sec yield curve has also moved up sharper due to inflation and C AD concerns. We expect 
the banking sector NIM to remain under pressure due to rising costs and u nabating 
volatility. We expect the liquidity to remain easy and RBI to stay on hold for longer in this 
financial year in the wake of impact on domestic and global growth. 
 Now, coming to CSB specifics. First of all, I want to apologise that my voice  is a little bad. 
So it is little difficult; but hope you can hear me properly. On pro fitability highlights, Net 
profit for FY 2026 stood at Rs.633 Crores with 7% growth over FY 2025 and for Q4 2026, 
Net profit of Rs.202 Crores was registered with a sequential quarterly growth of 32% . 
Operating profit of the bank grew by 19% on a FY basis and stood at Rs.1085 Crores as on 
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
March 31, 2026. Net interest income grew by 17% on a full FY basis to Rs.1720 Crores and 
NII grew by 25% for Q4 FY2026 versus Q4 FY 2025. Other income grew by 21% and 
constituted 21% of the total income for FY2026. 
 The cost- to-income ratio for FY 2026 stood marginally lower than the previous FY at 
62.53%. NIM for FY 2026 stood at 3.76% while Q4 FY2026 NIM was 3.83% . RoA for the 
quarter ended March 31,2026 stood at 1.53% - being the highe st among the quarters in 
FY2026. RoA for FY 2026 stood at 1.29%. Contingency provisions are held i ntact and the 
bank is continuing with the accelerated loan provisioning policy, which will aid the bank in 
transitioning towards ECL framework.  
 On the liability side, the funding base continued to grow. Depo sits registered a robust 
growth of 20% Y-o-Y and faster than the industry growth of 13.5% . CASA ratio stands 
around 20%. To aid the liquidity, we also availed both domestic and FCY borrowings based 
on cost considerations. On the liquidity side, bank has managed liquidity risk efficiently. 
CD ratio stood at 91%. Average LCR for the quarter is at 109%. NSFR ratio was around 
122%. Asset growth was quite robust with 27% Y-o- Y growth as against the industry 
growth of 16%. Yield on advances for FY2026 stood at 10.8%. 
 On asset quality metrics, I think it was a fantastic quarter for us. GNPA an d NNPA ratios 
for the quarter stood at 1.66% and 0.4% respectively, with both ratios being the lowest 
across the last four quarters. PCR now stands at 76.38% without PWO reflecting  a 
significant improvement as compared to the previous quarters. Bank is holding a 
provisioning buffer of around Rs.210 crores over and above the regu latory requirements. 
On the Capital-base - CRAR continues to be well above regulatory requirement and stood at 
20.66%. Tier-1 ratio as on March 31, 2026 stood at 18.93%. Proportion of risk-weighted 
assets continue to be lower compared to the industry. In terms of valua tion, book value per 
share stands at INR 272, EPS for the year is INR 36.5, while in Q4 it wa s INR 47.12. RoE 
for the year stood at 14.14%, and for Q4 FY2026 it was 17.66%.  
 On distribution side, we have a network of 862 branches and 832 ATMs as on March 31, 
2026. These are the key numbers which we will further deliberate on the call. 
 In conclusion, I would like to say that we con cluded FY2026 on a strong and positive note, 
delivering consistent growth despite facing significant external challeng es and going 
through a massive tech overhaul internally. This performance gives us strong confidence as 
we enter the final and exciting Scale phase of our SBS 2030 vision, which will play out in 
the next four years and we are fully aligned with our strategic vision.  
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 For the fourth consecutive quarter, we outpaced growth of the industry, both in deposits and 
advances. During FY 2026, we recorded 20% growth in deposits and 27% growth in 
advances, compared to the industry average of 13.5% and 16.1 %, respectively. While our 
corporate portfolio has progressed as envis aged and planned, our calibrated and cautious 
approach adopted towards our M SME/BLG business and unsecured portfolio s - amidst an 
adverse operating environment - along with liquidation of the lo an against security as per 
regulatory prescription - where the security has been primarily gold as a collateral , has 
resulted in a relatively higher share of gold loans during the year.  Importantly, our gold 
loan portfolio has managed to be pretty risk-free with strict oversight on parameters such as 
LTV, price sensitivity and risk metrics, ensuring a healthy and profitable b ook. We have 
successfully migrated to the new core banking system with OGL, OFSAA and   50 and odd 
surround systems around it. With technology advancement, bank is now in a better position 
to scale up its activities more meaningfully. We are also planning to imp lement the entire 
transaction banking systems in the next three to four months in the form of  Vayana in 
supply chain finance, Aurion pro in CMS and trade products on the core itself from the 
Oracle. With all of this together along with the ServiceNow platform - we are building 
various systems around it with LMS , LOS, huge investments in our data center and various 
other initiatives on the digital side, OBDX on the core etc. I think we  are firmly in place to 
meaningfully scale the bank as a full service bank justifying f or the full service license and 
a scaled bank over the next few years. W e are now leveraging the capabilities of the new 
core system and surround systems to launch the full retail product bouquet  - both on the 
deposit and assets front and with the new/revamped products, we plan to meaningfully 
kickstart our retail franchise journey by Q4 FY2027/Q1 FY2028 - when we will start seeing 
the portfolio growing on the asset side. 
 Growth in BLG Group is also expected to resume once the global ecosystem  turns 
favourable. We remain firm on achieving the targeted portfolio mix, which is env isaged 
under SBS 2030, and we will continue to strive towards this objective.  
 As advances growth outpaced deposit growth - as was the case for mo st of the banks during 
the year - liquidity management and regulatory ratio maintenance  remained challenging, 
further compounded by tight systemic liquidity conditions, which has eased a little bit no w. 
Despite this, we navigated the environment effectively through prudent m anagement of 
deposit costs and tenors, along with optimization of borrowings. We continu e to maintain 
adequate liquidity buffers and comfortable regulatory ratios, with both cost  of deposits and 
cost of funds declining sequentially.  
 From a profitability perspective, FY 2026 witnessed a strong operating performance with 
19% growth in operating profit over the previous year and a 7% increase in net profit. Q4 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
FY2026 was particularly notable, marking our best performance in terms of slippa ge 
control and recoveries. Consequently, we closed the year with lowest NPA levels compared 
to previous quarters with GNPA of 1.66% and NNPA of 0.40%. Non-in terest income 
supported by sustained growth in core fees increased by 21% over last y ear despite 
significantly lesser traction in treasury income due to higher bo nd yields and constituted 
21% of the total income. Net interest income growth remained robust, registering 25% Y-o-
Y growth on a quarterly basis and 17% for the full year. All key finan cial ratios remain 
stable and well above regulatory thresholds.  
 Delivering this performance in a year marked by significant infrastructure  build-out and a 
large-scale technology transformation further reinforces our confidence as we  transition to 
the Scale phase of our journey, with a clear aspiration to become a mid-sized bank by 2030. 
We have also revamped our organizational structure with a sharp focus o n customer 
acquisition across verticals, which will be critical to the success of our vision . Leveraging 
the capabilities we have built, we look forward to a progressive an d sustained delivery 
quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. 
 I would like to highlight primarily two points here before we move into the Q&A. There are 
two or three key things which gives us the confiden ce about the future. Number one, the 
entire technology transformation which happened with such seamless ability  with minimal 
challenges as we moved into the advanced core system with so man y surround systems has 
been a fantastic experience and as we talk today, we have minima l issues impacting the 
transition. It is like a once- in-a-lifetime experience for us, with the entire team working 
together for this . Congratulations to the team. The second thing is that we have de livered 
what we had predicted and that requires a lot of confidence on what we  are doing as well as 
in terms of execution what we have done. For example, in Q2, when  we spoke about NIM 
compression and I said that we will improve it in Q3 - we did it. In last quarter, there were 
significant questions, and rightly so, about the quality of the portfo lio in terms of GNPA 
and NNPA slippages and other things and I gave exact explanati on why it happened and 
how we will ensure that we take care of it and we have done it – which can be as seen in the 
way the numbers have come out. The critical part is that - we know what we are doing and 
we are progressing on the right path and most of the predictions wh ich we gave through the 
year, we have been able to achieve. With that I end my in itial comments here. Over to you 
for Q&A! 
Moderator: Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with  the question-and-
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may click on the raise hand icon from 
the participants tab on your screen. We request participants to restrict to two questions and 
then return to the queue for more questions. To rejoin the queue,  you may click on the raise 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
hand icon again. We will wait for a few minutes until the question queue assembles. We 
have our first question coming in from the line of Suraj Das of Sunda ram Mutual Fund. 
Suraj, please go ahead. 
Suraj Das: Hi Pralay sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I had a few questio ns. First, on your LCR it 
has been declining over the past two quarters and probably now in the lowest quartile in the 
sector. What is the rationale behind it? Why is it declining? Also how do you see the impact 
of new guidelines on the LCR? More broadly, I think, how should one think about this in 
the context of growth because especially in your case, the deposit  growth is lagging not just 
for you, but also for the system as you highlighted, but in your ca se, the deposit growth is 
increasingly driven by wholesale bulk deposit, which is now almost 50% of the term 
deposit versus a couple of years back and it has also cost implication . In terms of this, what 
is your expectation that the share of wholesale deposit will continue to g o up and probably 
you will continue to deliver maybe 20%, 22% kind of a loan growth. So, that is question 
one. Question two is on the gold loan portfolio. The number of ac counts on the gold loan 
portfolio is declining consistently in this quarter but also over the past th ree years coming 
down from let us say six- seven lakhs to now four lakhs and then tonna ge growth is hardly 
there for the industry as well. It looks like that the growth is largely driv en by the higher 
gold prices rather than underlying volume expansion, so while y ou have an LTV cushion 
but want to know what is your strategy in terms of may be incremental customer acquisition 
front here? Lastly, if you can comment on the NRI deposit flow, how  it is trending, let us 
say, during the March quarter and if you have seen any slowdown  post-March, particularly 
because of this West Asia crisis. Those are my three questions. 
Pralay Mondal: Thank you so much for the questions. Let me cover one by o ne. On the LCR, average for 
quarter ended March was around 109% and as we are talking today the number is 
significantly better compared to that point of time. We all know th at March being a 
year/quarter end, the kind of deposit rates which were there in the ecosystem . As our bulk 
deposits are around 50% and our CASA being slightly on the lower side, we had to play 
tactically on this one while maintaining the average LCR on a comfortable lev el. We could 
have easily taken it to 115%, but we have to incur higher cost  for that. Besides, when you 
balance it out - the same deposit when taken in the next quarter, we have to pay a lower 
cost. Given that, we said that we will keep it somewhere around 110% and ended with 
109%. At this point, LCR is not our concern because we are significantly h igher than these 
levels and NSFR is around 122%, which also gives comfort that we are on track on that 
front. Coming to related question on wholesale deposits, yes -  it is arou nd 50% of our 
overall term deposits. It is a tactical play – we are building our liability franchise now . 
Without a core system , without all surround systems and solutions, building something is 
difficult and will carry a cost and we did not want to do that ea rlier. Now we will do it in a 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
proper organic way. If you look at our quarter wise deposit cost for the FY, it has been 
coming down, with significantly higher cost reduction in wholesale dep osits. If I remember 
correctly, our deposit cost came down by 10bps from Q1 levels. On the wholesale side, it 
came down by more than 30 bps or more . As part of strategy , we have locked in ourselves 
only for a short period in wholesale deposits, with majority of the who lesale deposits 
maturing within six months - so to that extent, this tactical move will play out. The 
wholesale deposit cost is slightly higher than the retail cost of deposits, but incremental cost 
reduction in bulk deposits is better than the retail deposits, which has h elped us in our 
management of cost of funds in the short term in a tactical way. Th is has not played against 
us in our execution strategy, but we have to build the liability and  before I go to the gold 
loans, let me tell you what I have been saying on the liability si de. Eventually, the main job 
the bank has to build a good liability franchise, which will help us in quality asset growth. 
With the core system falling in place now; we have initiated various product launches, with  
launching of three new products on the liability side this quarter. As we are talkin g, we 
launched Smart Save Current account , Smart Save Savings account, Smart Save NRO 
account - with very good features and it has already started doing well.  We have also 
launched Freedom Current account. There are various products which we p lan to launch 
every quarter, because now we have the system to launch, which we pre viously did not 
have. On the current account side with the transaction banking , CMS, supply chain and 
trade - all of this coming together, will help us in going to both  wholesale as well as SME 
customers and also to TASC customers, which will help us in building ou r granular long-
term customer franchise. With these products in our arsenal, we are launchin g the sales 
machinery specially for current accounts and savings account in the metro markets and this 
is the strategy which will play out. Effectively, the liability franchise buildu p process starts 
now. In the new LCR guidelines, one of the guidelines which will favo ur us is the 
guidelines on TASC (Trust, Association, Societies and Clubs) - where the runoff rate is now 
40%, making TASCs LCR friendly. We have created a separate vertical on TASC  headed 
by a very senior person . He will work across wholesale, retail, SME a nd will see a 
significant growth in the TASC segment. Other guidelines, because of CASA itself being 
low and our penetration has still not reached high levels - this is som ething we want to 
improve significantly from here. But again, it has not taken away to o much of LCR from 
our side at this point of time, so to that extent we are on the  right place. Having said that, 
the main job will be to build the liability franchise now.  
 On the next question on gold loans - very relevant point which you  have mentioned number 
of accounts having gone down and tonnage growth not happen ing. These are two different 
points for us -   Number of accounts went down before and tonnage growth is also going 
down now. The reason for that is, on the regulatory guidance there wa s some challenge 
before on the collateral free loans , which has now been clarified and changed favourably . 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
But, once we moved into the larger ticket size, we realized that on the overall for the bank, 
it is better in the long run . The risk with respect to LTV etc. is much better there because 
what we have seen is that high value customers are taking only the loan amount they need 
against the tonnage. Hence, typically, when prices go down, ton nage will go up and when 
prices go up, tonnage will go down. As the ticket size increases to b eyond 10 lakhs and 
given our cost and other issues, we also move slightly on the highe r end of the curve on the 
gold loan side and hence, our number of customers have come d own. The tonnage growth 
has gone down because people take what they need, because we are not attempting that 
segment where they are giving their savings on the gold to tak e some consumption loans; 
most of our loans go into productive usage and from that perspectiv e,  tonnage growth will 
go up, if at all your gold prices goes down . There is no risk at all in the gold loan portfolio. 
We have done our analysis - our LTV is pretty low, despite a very larg e portfolio is on the 
agri side, which is not governed by the 75% LTV. Given that perspe ctive, I think we are 
sitting on a fair bit of margin in terms of risk. Even another 10% fall in gold prices will do 
nothing to the portfolio so to that extent, we are fairly convince d. Our eventual play is to 
bring gold loan to 30% of our portfolio by 2030. Out of that, at least 5% of that 30% will be 
working capital loan and we are launching a product, which is targe ted towards working 
capital SME backed by gold as a collateral. This should be around  minimum 5% of our 
portfolio as we go to 30% and hence it will be 25% plus 5% by 2030. Rest around 30% plus 
will be on the wholesale side, around 18% will be on the SME side and rest will be on the 
retail side, which will be around 20% to 23%. One of the other thing s is that our gold 
portfolio increased by around 9% in the mix - from around 44%  to around 53%. When you 
see on the retail side, the retail portfolio has exactly decreased by that mix. Basically , the 
loan against security, which was having gold as collateral, has move d from this side to that 
side. Hence, if we exclude the impact of the portfolio, where gold  is a collateral, it has 
remained below 50%. From that perspective, I think the gold growth, which you are seein g 
around 53% year- on-year, is slightly artificial and obviously we do not see that next year  
and if we continue to grow at the levels that we are growing at a b ank level on the asset 
side, provided we can grow the deposit franchise, you will start seeing  some of the other 
businesses growing much faster.  
 On the NRI deposit flow - we have around 13% of our deposits as NR deposits at this point 
of time - it is not good and we can do better. We have created  a very clear, strong vertical 
with a very senior person driving it right now. We have applied for our representative office 
in Dubai which would have been operational, but because of th e West Asia crisis we have 
asked for an extension. We have finished most of our legal paperwo rk, etc., and we have 
finalized the CRO i.e. , Chief Representative Officer. We have created a separate vertical 
within the bank now focusing primarily on NRI business. Obviously, in the short run, there 
has been a little bit of a disruption in the NRI flow in the bank, but these are short-term kind 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
of things. In the long run, at least 20% of our deposits/liability must come from NRI and we 
have created a separate vertical structure for this. I hope I could answe r most of your 
questions. 
Suraj Das: Yes, I think that was very elaborative. Just one follow- up Sir. So, this LCR coming down is 
because of wholesale shorter tenure deposit impacting the denominator of the LCR? 
Pralay Mondal: Yes. We are now having higher L CR. Cost of funds  was very high in the last 20 days, 15 
days, one month of the year, but we know that cost will come dow n post-March. That is the 
reason we tactically said we targeted 110, but we achieved 109 . They are much higher right 
now. 
Suraj Das: Got it Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Akshat Agrawal of SMIF S 
Institutional Research. Akshit, please go ahead. 
Akshat Agrawal: Good evening, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my  first question is on your scale 
strategy. So, as we enter into the scale phase of SBS 2030 strategy from this y ear onwards, 
could you please update on the progress of the retail transformation on the asset side? When 
do we expect growth to meaningfully pick up in retail and SME and wh at kind of numbers 
should we expect in FY2027? My second question is on fee incom e side, which picked up 
strongly so I wanted to understand the key drivers, so like last quarter, PSLC income was 
missing, so has this come back this quarter and was there any syndication  fee in the 
numbers, this quarter and a related question on costs were there any material PSLC-related 
costs which were largely absent in 3Q which were charged in 4Q and did yo u see any 
headcount reduction and how should we think about the cost- to-income ratio trajectory can 
we see it move below 60% in FY2027? So those are my three questions. Thank you. 
Pralay Mondal: Thanks, Akshat for the questions. Starting with the retail assets - we are first foc using on 
retail liabilities because our retail strategy is very clear. For assets, which are e arning assets 
and the way we define them are businesses like commercial vehicles, co mmercial 
equipments, health care and to some extent inventory funding, an d auto loans - a 
consumption business that is secured; are the ones we would grow beyon d our liability 
franchise, which means through dealerships including our internal custo mers. Any other 
product which is on the consumption side, we will do it on the back of our liability 
franchise and primarily it will happen by cross-selling to our existing  customers. We have 
limited set of scored existing customers and hence we are primarily fo cusing on new 
customer acquisition this year onwards to have a meaningful growth on th e retail side. W e 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
have been cautious on the unsecured side of the business for t he last two, three years and 
this has helped us well because our delinquencies are same as the m arkets, but because our 
portfolio is coming down it is helping us in managing our slippages and managing our 
credit costs. Prudent decisions were taken here. Now, simple strategy is build  the retail 
assets on the productive assets and this year you will see that those a re the products which 
has grown and what has de-grown are products which are unsecured in nature. There was a 
cycle on MFI and with the monsoons not being predicted very well for this year so far, we 
will not take that much risk on Agri business also. Given all this, I think  you will not see a 
meaningful growth on the retail asset side, but we will create the dry gun  powder there by 
creating a good liability franchise, which means basically more custo mers to whom we will 
sell the retail assets. Our meaningful growth in retail assets will start from FY2028 
onwards. I have already explained it, but I would emphasise that our retail  assets growth 
this year has been negative primarily because of the loan again st gold security and as we 
say, loan against security backed up by gold, that portfolio has c ome down from more than 
Rs.2000 Crores to around Rs.300 Crores and that was a regulatory mandate an d we 
compensated it on the gold loan side. That is why you are seeing a negative growth, but 
core retail assets have not grown negatively. In addition to this, we  have launched two 
products in retail assets. One is the School Fee Financing, which is a very g ood product and 
the second one is, again, it is called LAS, Loan Against Security, bu t the security is now 
mutual funds. Eventually, we will look for shares, insurance policies and all of this. These 
two products are very safe products at this point of time and it requires  capability, which 
you have built already. These two products will also see some traction in  the bank going 
ahead. That is about retail assets. Now, coming to your question on fee  income, I confirm 
that there has been no syndication fee in Q4 and frankly, PSLC premium was very low in 
Q4 this year, which is exceptional. We never felt it will be so low. We did n ot book much 
and the quantum was significantly lower than what we booked in Q4 of last year. 
Additionally, as we all know, interest rate dynamics, which is a market phe nomenon, 
happened with all banks, and  the MTM gain which you had in Q4  of last year in fees/other 
income was significantly higher and this quarter obviously there was not hing. If at all there 
was an HFT, there had been something we had to compensate for. Given all this, if you look 
at Q4 last year and Q4 this year on fees, overall fees is actually lower, b ut the core fees - 
what I mean by core is non-PSLC and non-treasury our fees is higher, which is more critical 
for us because that is sustainable over a period of time. In a worst-ca se scenario, we have 
done well and 21% still is not a bad number, when we did not ha ve syndication, we did not 
have much from PSLC, and we had a negative MTM. Given all the se, I think fee income is 
a good story here, like our credit cost line. Coming to the cost, y es, there was a significant 
increase in Q4 over Q3, but again, this is tactical in nature because most of our CSR 
initiatives played out in the last quarter of the year and hence, that is a  one-time kind of a 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
cost, which got booked in the last quarter of the year. That is why from  Q3 to Q4 cost went 
up. On the headcount increase, we had an increase of around 57 0 people over a base of 
7600, so it is not even 8% increase in headcount, but the cost increased a little more than 
that. This year we invested into high cost and high quality resource s in wholesale banking. 
Our wholesale banking franchise moved from a barely double-digit nu mber of relationship 
team to an 80-plus relationship team. We are also investing in the transaction banking 
franchise. This manpower investment is expected to obviously reduce the  cost to income of 
the bank because they are supposed to get much more income. Hopefully, this will play out 
for us. On the CTI, I would always say that we will be between 60% to 65%  till end of 
FY2027. FY2028 onwards, the operative leverage will kick in because all said and done, 
technology upgrade has just come in now. From 2027-2028 onward s, we will start seeing 
the operating leverage across branches, across products, and across th e technology 
investments which we have done. Till FY27 end, our CTI will remain between  60% to 65% 
and we are somewhere in the midway, around 62% there. That is the answer to your four 
questions. Thank you. 
Akshat Agrawal: Very well Sir. Thanks for the detailed answers. Just a follow up on the SME growth, what 
kind of growth we expect this year and when should it pick up meaningfully? 
Pralay Mondal: SME and LAP together we call it BLG, which is Business Lending Group.  That grew 
around 2% to 3% last year, year- on-year basis and this is something we did consciously 
because we saw a strange situation last year. The first half of the ye ar actually and it is still 
going on, was impacted by the tariff-related issue, but this got overpowere d by the West 
Asia crisis, which also impacts in a way not only exports now, but also on the su pply chain. 
Not always do the SMEs have the kind of staying power, a large corporate or even 
sometimes a mid-corporate has. Given the size of our balance sheet, we did not want to take 
a risk. We always did it, whether it was in personal loan, whether it was in  MFI, and then 
we did it in SME last year. We deliberately did not focus on SME portfoli o growth, but the 
same team worked very hard to get the portfolio quality better, an d that has helped us in the 
Q4. Coming to this year, once we get clarity on this West Asia crisis and h opefully it can 
come in this quarter or may be next quarter, then we will clearly decide  on what is the level 
of acceleration we want to put on the SME. But as we are talking, we are in vesting more in 
SME because this thing will come and go, but eventually, the 20 30 commitment of around 
18% of SME portfolio into the book remains and it is now around 11 %. A significant 
roadmap is there for SME, but we will accelerate only when we feel comfortable in terms of 
risk. Whatever happened, single-digit growth is given and hopefully we will be back to that 
28%-30% growth range in the next two years. 
Akshat Agrawal: Thank you very much, Sir. I will rejoin the queue. Thank you .  
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We have our next question coming in from  Parth Gutka of 360 One 
Capital. Parth, please go ahead. 
Parth Gutka: Thanks a lot for the opportunity, Sir. So first, what is the impact of ECL  on the day of 
transition? 
Pralay Mondal: I will give a one-line answer to this and our CFO - Satish will respond  in detail. At a high 
level, what we understand is, though various components are there, th e large impact items 
are on the SMA front by way of the stage wise provisioning floor norms that ranges from 
0.40% to 5% including 1.5% for gold loans. While this will be a large impact item on the 
negative side. on the positive side, we will be able to or we have  to now write back the  
contingency provision of Rs.105 Crs and the entire Rs.210 crores o f provisions above the 
regulatory prescriptions should be subtracted from the additional provisions which you have 
to take. At the end there could be some marginal impact. The calculations are being done 
and now I will hand over to Satish to answer this question technically. 
Satish Gundewar: We already have an ECL model in place as we are reporting our numbe rs as per IFRS to 
Fairfax. However, that model we are reviewing completely based on the  revised ECL 
guidelines and the work is currently underway. As our model was prepared some time back, 
and over a period of time our business model has also changed, we  do not know what 
happens once this entire model refresh happens. It is still one o r two months away when we 
have the full model. Nevertheless, basis the model that we are using  currently for our IFRS 
reporting and basis the portfolio which we had as at December 2025, we  have computed the 
impact - which we can call as the transition impact. As per the guideli nes, the transition 
impact on account of ECL guidelines will have to be taken as on April  1, 2027, whereas the 
transitional adjustment for ECL impact on regulatory capital is phased o ver four years. The 
transition impact is not a significant number for us at the moment as we h ave some 
advantage because of the aggressive provisions that we make on th e NPAs and even on 
standard assets, we have this additional contingency provision created at the time of Covid 
which is above Rs.105 Crores. These provisions will now get subsumed into the overall 
provision that we hold. Hence, the transition impact is not a significant number at all, 
subject to any significant changes that happen to the model post rev iew. I would not 
completely say that this is the impact, and this is what will happen be cause the work is 
currently underway. Once, we refresh that model and then run that model on March 31, 
2026 numbers, then we will have the impact estimate. All along we have bee n updating the 
numbers and that impact is not significant for us. 
Parth Gutka: Sure. Thanks a lot for the answer. My second question is on the gold loan portfolio; the 
yields had been coming off at least from Q4 FY2024 to Q4 FY2025 . But over the last 3- 4 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
quarters, again, the yields have increased by around 40 to 40 bps at the portfolio level . Is 
this largely because of the gold loan that we have done under the new segment, which is the 
working capital against gold loan that we have started. Is that the right understanding? 
Pralay Mondal: We are not aggressively pursuing gold in the same way that we have  been doing before 
because now we are looking at larger ticket sizes and hence we must m aximize returns. We 
see that a lot of these customers are coming to us from various NBFCs and other institutions 
where they are paying higher than what we are charging . We have an opportunity to 
improve the returns here and we did that. It is not that it happened only in that portfolio 
which you just talked about - the working capital, but also in th e other portfolios as well. 
Overall, that strategy has worked out well for us. 
Parth Gutka: Thanks a lot for answering my question. 
Moderator: Thank you, Parth. We will take our next question from Vibhor Talreja of Nest Amplifier. 
Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Talreja: Thank you for the opportunity. This question is more from a long -term perspective. This is 
probably your sixth year in CSB and from the start I think the idea  was to grow liabilities, 
which somebody asked and you answered that it has taken its time an d on the retail assets, 
and the business has done well, and we have been beneficiary of gold prices, but on the 
retail, etc., I look at the last four years, five years, it has been a fairly tep id growth than 
what we would have thought through or planned for and even now if I understood correctly, 
what you said was that this will pick up in the Q4 FY2027, Q1 FY2028.  So, if you can give 
me a colour of why exactly it is taking so much time. Because the m arket exists, there are 
NBFCs who are able to capture at that small base reasonable pool of assets and  profits, but 
somehow despite our liability advantage, we have been able to d o fairly little on the retail 
side, except the gold loan where which has been a meticulous exec ution benefited by the 
increase in gold prices. 
Pralay Mondal: As a bank, we do not want to address retail assets similar to an NBFC mode l, because the 
whole approach is different when you are in a bank. I have also been on the Board of 
NBFCs before like HDB and Axis Finance and there was a time when I u sed to handle both 
the bank and NBFCs together when I was in HDFC Bank . As a bank, we are not here to 
build asset book first, but to build a franchise where liability come s first and assets follows 
and in the process, liability also grows because EMIs and oth er things happen in their 
accounts. That is the approach we are taking and hence even if it takes a high road, 
eventually in the long term, it builds a franchise, which is a compoun ding growth story. In 
this kind of a framework, it is a slightly different strategy, based on liability  and cross sell. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Given that perspective, you are right that we took a little time and there is a reason for that. 
Our core system migration for many reasons have got little delayed in terms of decision 
making about the vendor and the roll out timelines. We started the c ore system migration, 
for various internal reasons only in FY2025 though the decision w as taken in FY2024 . The 
roll out happened in May 2025  along with the surround systems in a quick and record time. 
When you look at Maarvel, our old software,  it cannot do much an d I also realized over a 
period of time that due to the short comings of Maarvel, you r eally cannot launch new 
products or have the required functionalities. Hence our entire story of t he bank from a 
retail franchise is starting now, because the core system is stabilising now only . Now we 
can launch products. We will also launch a sales team. We tried one sales tea m before, then 
we realized that in the absence of products, though customers com e, they do not keep 
balances, and those accounts becomes inactive. There is no poin t in keeping those accounts 
and definitely you cannot cross sell them anything. Given this, the retail journey is starting 
now, and we know how to execute it and take it forward . I am confident that we are not 
shifting the goalposts from FY2030 to FY2032 or FY2033. We are say ing that, if you have 
lost two years in taking the decision on the core system for whatever in ternal reasons, we 
will work harder to make up for that time and by 2030 we will delive r what we had 
promised. That is the real answer. I hope this clarifies. 
Vibhor Talreja: Thank you. All the best, Pralay. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We will take our next question from Punit Bahlani of Dolat Capital. 
Punit, please go ahead. 
Punit Bahlani: Thank you. Sir, just on your NIM, the reported NIM were flat Q-o-Q and a dvances growth 
at 9% Q-o-Q and deposit growth is 10%, but the NII growth is only 2 % - what am I missing 
here. That is the only question I have. 
Pralay Mondal: NII growth quarter-on-quarter is lower, but year- on-year is 25%. Your question is more on 
quarter-on-quarter. 
Punit Bahlani: Yes, quarter -on -quarter. Like, how do I reconcile this because the loan growth has been 
9%, and NII growth is only in the range of 2% 
Pralay Mondal: Our quarterly advance growth is 9% and the NIM has fallen by two or three basis points 
over Q3. On a year on year basis i.e., vis a vis Q4 FY 25, the NII is up by  25%. Our yields 
have fallen sharply and cost of deposits or cost of funds has increase d, which has impacted 
the NIM. In spite of a significant improvement on the quality of the po rtfolio, which is the 
GNPA and NNPA and credit cost, if the NIM has fallen, then the difference betwe en our 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
cost of funds and yields is little more than what it meets the eye and th e dip is caused 
accordingly.  
Punit Bahlani: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, Punit. We will take our next question from the line of Narendra 
Gandhi of Dante Equity.  
Narendra Gandhi: I just wanted to know if your CTO is on the call? 
Pralay Mondal: CTO is not on the call, but I will try to answer. 
Narendra Gandhi: No, actually, it was regarding this recent AI-related cybersecurity threat that even our FM 
kind of, came online and spoke about. Just wanted to understand  if there are any 
implications on the new update that we have just rolled out and with regards to Anthropic , 
a lot of banking software are sort of already said to be under upgradatio ns now in the next 
two years and since we just rolled out our software, I wanted to unde rstand if you are up to 
date with that or not? 
Pralay Mondal: Yes, certainly. Any other question, I will respond to this? 
Narendra Gandhi: We have been talking for the last two concalls and I am really glad tha t you have been able 
to deliver on the 1.5 % ROA and 15% ROE in Q4. I think a lot of  analysts were very 
sceptical in the last quarter about you delivering on those numbers a nd you kind of told that 
you are going to make sure you end the year above 15% ROE  and I think for the quarter 
you have done around 17% to 18% ROE, which is a great number, so  congratulations on 
that and other than that, just wanted to kind of understand what are we targeting for the next 
year, in terms of loan growth, I think you said 25%, if I am not mistak en, please correct me 
and I think ROA and ROE wise, I would like to know where are we targetin g because I 
think the cost to income should start coming down from next quarter on wards, right? So, 
these are my questions. 
Pralay Mondal: On the Claude Anthropic, which you are talking about the AI model Myt hos, the advantage 
of working in a small bank is that we all have to know everything.  There is an advisory 
dated April 27, which prescribes certain actionable for the banks and within that there are 
guidance/ directional inputs on the things that the banks needs to  put together. Banks have 
to place an update/plan to the board/ITSC within a period of two month s i.e., by end June .  
ITSC Chairman Mr Sharad Saxena is a practitioner and he is extremely g ood and he 
understands the subject well. Both our CTO and CISO also understands it as well . Between 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
all of us, we will do the needful . I will also be involved in this because this is too critical- I 
will not say strategic- but too critical aspect, not to have an eye on and not to have a grip on. 
We have started working on this based on the guidance. I believe that the largest banks in 
the country are looking at this holistically and also working on it. Th is is not part of a 
competitive landscape, but it is about the banking ecosystem , not only for India but for the 
whole world. I think different countries are talking to each other to understa nd this, because 
beyond the banking system, cybersecurity has much larger implication s. Lot of clarity will 
evolve on this over a period of time. Right now, we are doing what is stipulated in the April 
27th  advisory  and we will update the ITSC /board before June. 
Narendra Gandhi: Just one question regarding this. Are we expecting that cost to income dip , which we were 
expecting from next quarter onwards, might be delayed because of the c ost that might come 
with regards to this particular notification because obviously, this is go ing to come with 
added costs, right? 
Pralay Mondal: Let me put it this way. We are talking about frameworks and ways to do it  because I do not 
think that there is complete clarity on exactly what is to be done - will  there be a cost, what 
will be the inputs, how this will get shared, etc and we have to figure th is out going 
forward. It is an evolving scenario, both globally as well as in India. He nce, it is premature 
to answer on this one . However, I just want to clarify one thing. I never said that cost to 
income will come down from next quarter. I said it will remain for FY2027 i n the range of 
60 to 65%, hopefully somewhere around where we are. FY2028 o nwards it will start 
coming down and by FY2030, we should be significantly lower than this. 
Narendra Gandhi: It will stop going up this year onwards, is what you said, right? 
Pralay Mondal: We cannot respond on something where there is no clarity to anyone in  the world, forget 
about us, or in the ecosystem. It is an evolving story. Let us figure it out what it is and how 
it is to be worked out. It is too premature to answer that . On the second question, this one I 
can answer with more clarity which is on the loan growth . Loan growth will completely 
depend on the deposit growth, what we have. We have the ability t o grow at similar or even 
faster rate than what we have grown last year. Even if our gold loan growth comes down a 
little bit, it may happen, but it all depends on at what cost, what deposits come, and how the 
liability franchise picks up. This year onwards, we will significantly focus  on CASA 
acquisition. The CASA acquisition will bring in customers. The balances will sta rt growing 
only after one year. From that perspective, I think loan growth will be a function of our 
ability to build the liability franchise, but yes, I think 25% is so mething that we will strive 
for. We will be disappointed if we do not do that part, that much at least. On the ROA, 
ROE, you are right. We have delivered what we promised in Q3/ Q2 on NIM, ROA , ROE, 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Asset Quality etc. You can see that we are consistent there. Coming to n ext year prediction, 
I think a range of somewhere around 1.5% and 15% for ROA and  ROE respectively will 
sustain. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We have a follow- up question coming in from Akshat Agarwal. 
Akshat, please go ahead with your question. 
Akshat Agarwal: Thank you for the opportunity again, Sir. On margins, would yo u say NIM has largely 
bottomed out and what kind of trajectory do we expect from here, if not quantitatively, at 
least qualitatively and what were the drivers of the yield compression. Was  it just higher 
share of wholesale lending because gold yields increased on a portfolio lev el or was it 
coming from the full impact of the December repo rate curve flowing throu gh P&L and 
MCLR repricing. That was my first question Sir. I have one more. 
 On the SME book, out of the 10 to 11 accounts that slipped last quarter, how many accounts 
have been upgraded or recovered during this quarter and how man y are pending, which 
could affect the asset quality or credit cost upside next quarter and sh ould we expect most 
of these to be resolved by 1Q or there is benefit to 2Q as well? Las tly on the levers to ROA 
and ROE, we have talked about a bit, but just to understand like bec ause this quarter 1.5 
ROA was due to low credit cost ? So going forward, I mean, the credit costs will slightly 
move up, and we will have better retail growth and fee income. 
Pralay Mondal: Akshat, I think I have understood your question, though the voice is breaking. Let me try 
and answer that. On the margins, the general guidance which I hav e always given is that, it 
will be between 3.75% to 4%. We are right in the middle of it, som ewhere at 3.83% in Q4 
FY 26. I think it is very difficult to predict in basis points that it will go up or go down, but 
it will remain in the range of 3.75% to 3.8%. Having said that,  I am not so sure if it has 
bottomed out or not because of two reasons. One is our own internal por tfolio, where the 
business mix will start gradually changing. I do not know whether it will happen in the next 
year or next quarter- but over a period of time it will happen and whatever business mix 
changes leading to any interim, even if it is transition fee change in NIM will get 
compensated on the ROA side by fee and cross sell to those custome rs unlike in gold loans. 
In gold loans, for the higher ticket size customers we are planning to do  some cross sell. In 
wholesale, SME and some of these businesses where your yields are lower, we are going 
big time into transaction banking. We expect cross sell and also liabilit y, which on a long 
term basis brings down our cost of funds. There is some interim noise here and t here, but 
eventually it is all about building up a franchise and hence, we  will look at a NIM which is 
similar or higher, we will try to remain between 3.75% to 4%. On yield compression, yo u 
are right. Two to three things happened, and you only answered some of them, which is the 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
repo rate cut and all. On the BLG portfolio, it immediately impacts, and  on wholesale 
business, it impacts, depending on the MCLR how it is moving, and what is the tenor of the 
MCLR with the customers. Now everything has almost played out. BLG almost instantly  
and on wholesale, basis the MCLR. Hence, we could see a completion bot h on the 
wholesale side as well as on the BLG side in terms of yield compression which h as 
happened. I think that answers the yield compression part. Coming to your que stion on 
SMA book, we do not give this level of details in our past responses, and it is difficult to 
give the answers at this granular level. But at a high level, for your comfo rt, I want to tell 
you that I was looking at the presentations on SMA. Almost at every busine ss or at a bank 
wide level, our SMA book has constantly been improving and as we are talking on Q4, the 
SMA book is lowest in the last five quarters. 
Akshat Agarwal: Just to interrupt, Sir, actually, I was asking about the 10 to 11 acco unts, which slipped last 
quarter on the SME. 
Pralay Mondal: It is not right from a customer perspective or from a disclosure persp ective to go this 
granular. But you can obviously understand that some of them already  got upgraded/ 
recovered. I said that in the last quarter itself, that because we are goin g through  migration, 
some of the MIS, etc., got a little delayed, because of which it was more of a technical 
default issue. Some of those accounts are related to that. It is obviously coming from the 
existing slippages. On the levers of RoA, gold loan portfolio degrowth , etc. It is not coming 
down immediately in terms of percentage. Levers for ROA and ROE are basically  cross sell 
to the lower yielding product customers because why should we do a business where it is 
lower yielding if we do not have a visibility of ROA in that business . We are not doing 
business here only for topline. If we strategize to build a business, it is an entry strategy, 
whether it is in wholesale, SME or in retail and eventually the ROA tree will play out there. 
In the transition somewhere it can happen and that will be managed  because the gold 
portfolio is not coming down in one year’s time from a 53% to a 30% and we will get that 
time to manage this. I think we should be able to manage ROA and ROE a nd you will see 
that. This year also, let us not forget that we delivered this result this qu arter, in spite of the 
most difficult scenario on the fee business especially on the treasury side. So the upside on 
this, nobody can see the future, can predict the future, but we have taken a large book on the 
AFS side, which we could do only one time during that period when RBI c ame out with the 
regulation from HTM to AFS, hoping that we will leverage that last yea r, but instead of 
leveraging it went the other way - nobody predicted that from 6.6, yield  will go to 7.1 
whereas everybody thought it will come to 6.1. Eventually that will play out once the crisis 
gets over. Hopefully on a full year basis next year, there is a sign ificant leverage there on 
the ROA. With capital consumption going high, that is more tec hnical and more maths, 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
obviously, ROE naturally will improve, but that thing, I think yo u guys should factor in. 
That is broadly the answer to your questions. 
Akshat Agarwal: Very well Sir. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question f or today. On behalf 
of CSB Bank Limited, that concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for joining us and 
you can now click on the leave icon to exit the meeting. Thank  you all for your 
participation. 
Pralay Mondal: Thank you very much and look forward to everybody joining the call again in Q1. Thank 
you. Have a good evening. 
 