===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
Secretarial Section 
Head Office, 57- V.E. Road, 
Thoothukudi – 628 002. 
☏: 0461-2325136 
e-mail  : secretarial@tmbank.in 
CIN: L65110TN1921PLC001908 
 
 
 
Ref.No.TMB.SE.104/2025-26 
    01.11.2025 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
'G' Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
The Manager, 
Bombay Stock Exchange limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Ref: Symbol: TMB / Scrip Code: 543596 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call – Q2 Results 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we wish to inform that the transcript of the earnings conference call hosted by the Bank on the 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Bank for the quart er and half year ended September 30, 2025, has 
been made available on the Bank’s website at the following link: 
 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call – Q2 Results 
 
We are also attaching the transcript of the earnings call with this intimation. 
 
Kindly take the information on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
Swapnil Yelgaonkar        
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
Q2 - FY 2025-26 Earnings Conference Call - Transcript 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Management:  Mr. Salee S Nair, Managing Director & CEO 
 Mr. Vincent M.D, Executive Director 
 Mr. Sanjoy Kumar Goel,  Chief Financial Officer  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '26 conference call hosted 
by Tamilnad  Mercantile Bank Limited. This conference call may contain certain forward -
looking statements based on beliefs, opinions and expectations as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and u ncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone.  
Today on the call, we have with us following management representatives: Mr. Salee S. Nair, 
Managing Director; Mr. Vincent Devassy, Executive Director; Mr. Sanjoy Kumar Goel, Chief 
Financial Officer. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Salee S. Nair, Managing Director from Tamilnad 
Mercantile Bank. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Salee S Nair: Thank you, and good morning to all of you. In fact, apart from what -- we also have Ashok 
Kumar, who is the Head of Resources, and Ananda Ganesan, who is the Head of Credit, with 
me. 
So okay, just to get into the performance for the quarter ending 30th September '25. The big 
story that we have announced is the opening of the 600th branch for the bank, right? And that is 
22 branches have been already opened in the first 6 months, and we hope to open another 30, 36 
branches going forward in the current year. So that is where we are, expanding our footprint to 
accelerate growth. 
 On the financial numbers when I come into, I think the story again is that the growth is 
accelerating. This is a concern that the market participants had earlier and our own history 
showed that we were underperforming the market. I think that's somethin g that we have been 
pushing for and that the growth finally is coming back is the story I have to say today and it's 
reflected in the numbers. 
 The total business has grown 11.40%, deposit at 12.32%. Deposit was well underperforming the 
market in the last few years. It is at 12.32%, and the story is also of CASA revival. CASA is 
something we lost in the last year. But in the current year, the year-on-year growth is 9.30%, but 
92 basis is what we have picked up. CASA share has gone up 92 basis in the last 2 quarters. In 
fact, in quarter 2 itself, it has gone up 58 basis. 
 Advances momentum is aligned to the market, but the momentum is picking up. You will see 
that noticeable in the next 2 quarters quite substantially. And as usual, the NPA numbers, the 
stress numbers of the bank has been one of the best in the market. We are at 1.01%. So that is 
the major one. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 Of course, the profit is at INR318 crores, quarter-on-quarter, 4.14%; year-on-year, 4.73%. If you 
look at the operating profit, it is year-on-year 2.74% negative. There is a story in that, that we 
have put out in the presentation itself. 
 Quarter 2 of last year, the quarter 2 FY '25, we had a written -off recovery amounting to INR98 
crores, which part of it went to the interest inco me and part of it went to the other income. So 
INR61.65 crores went to the other income and INR36.90 crores went to the interest income. So 
both these streams of income have been impacted by that recovery. 
 And if you net out that recovery, you notice that the operating profit is not 2.74% negative, but 
it is actually 19.83% positive Y -o-Y. So that would impact the net interest income, which 
sanitized for that is up 6.32%; the total income, 9.69%, both I said on a year-on-year basis. And 
of course, it also will have a direct impact on net profit. I'm not stating that number because it 
has also provisions impact. 
 The credit cost continues to be under control. It's just about 15 basis. The GNPA has shown a 
sharp reduction, 1.01%; net NPA at 0.26%. ROA has shown an uptick. In fact, it has been going 
up in the last 2, 3 quarters, and it is at 1.85%. ROE has also taken an upswing, it is 13.77%. And 
PCR, all this has happened without compromising on the PCR, which also has taken 132 basis 
points upswing with 70.36%. 
 Getting into some of the more numbers. Like I said, the CASA is at 9.30% year-on-year growth. 
Total term deposits -- the term deposit at 13.50% and revival of deposit is a story -- one of the 
major stories of the current quarter. The deposits are at 12.32%. 
 Advances portfolio, the other story is that MSME is also now begun. We have taken a number 
of initiatives in the MSME area, which I did report last quarter. It is beginning to show. The 
quarter-on-quarter MSME is at 3.84%. So that is the other story that we want to put out. 
 The RAM portfolio is up to 94.59%. I think we have been a little slow on the corporate book 
because of the historical baggage that we had in the form of NPA. So we will get back into the 
corporate book after we put our systems and then the skill set is put in place. At the moment, our 
focus is not the corporate sector, which has been shrinking, and it will continue. 
 On the unsecured exposure, another concern for the market is our share of it in the total advances 
is 0.30% with practically negligible NPA in that. U.S. tariff impact, we have just mentioned that, 
yes, we do have a 1.05% impact on export credit, but only 17.53% of that is impacted by the 
U.S. tariff, of this 1.05%. So we are well covered t here. I don't see the U.S. impact impacting 
our book in any manner. 
 Like I said earlier, sanitized for the recovery in FY '25 of last year, the interest income has gone 
up 8.48%, net interest income has gone up 6.32% and total income by 9.69%. and this has added 
to a very strong shareholder value. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 The earnings per share is at INR20 plus, book value at plus INR596.38. I repeat, it is INR596.38. 
ROA continues to have a slight tick quarter -on-quarter, 1.81% in last quarter of last year to 
1.82% to 1.85 %. I think this is something that we hope will be maintained, 1.85% would be 
maintained going forward as well. 
 NPA, there has been a recovery and the cash recovery of INR26.97 crores in the current quarter, 
upgradation of INR4.34. And overall, we have also written off INR66 crores. Overall, the NPA 
has come down from INR549.12 crores to INR474.45 crores. This has, like I said earlier, come 
on the PCR which has actually gone up to 74.36%. So that's the other piece, that PCR is at 
74.36% and PCR with technical writeoffs, something that the market looks at, is at 95.30%. 
 So asset quality, I think is perhaps one of the best in the market. A net NPA of 0.26% and 
slippage is also under control. Slippage is just 5 basis points and slippage across the various 
verticals, retail, agri, MSME, etc, MSME had a small slippage, but across it is well under control. 
 SMA is trending down  and the gross SMA is at 2.67%, SMA 0, 0.97%; SMA 1 at 0.80% and 
SMA 2 is also at 0.90%. So the SMA category is well under control. The ag gregate SMA is 
2.67%. That means the portfolio at risk 1 day is at 3.68%. So that is a number that we are sort 
of fairly proud of. 
 So stressed assets, this restructured and the NPAs together is at 1.59%. So that's also trending -
- that's also a number that is clearly trending down. The other point that we would like to make 
here is the collateral cover of our NPA. We do have, as you have seen, INR474 crores of NPA, 
but it is covered to the extent of 111% by collateral. 
 So when the resolution happens, the portfolio loss is expected to be low and we have incurred a 
provision of INR323.66 crores, which hopefully most of it should be returned back when the 
resolution happens. So that is something that's a profit we are sitting on when the resolution 
happens. 
 Expected credit loss is something that we have come out with. We have done our own analysis 
we thought we'll put across to you to tell you where we stand on the expected credit loss. And 
we have done our calculations and we noticed that we would be requiring an additional INR210 
crores of provision. This is coming in the form of additions in Stage 1 assets and Stage 2 assets. 
 So INR210 crores provision is what we look at and that would have a 73 basis capital adequacy 
impact. Nothing significant for us bec ause we are sitting on a capital adequacy of 30.96%. So 
73 basis is not an impact significant enough. And if we are -- it was just 15 basis if you take the 
transition route. 
 But let me tell you that currently, this bank is sitting on a INR250 crores of pr ovisions for 
COVID and other contingencies. So if I take you back, we had restructured advances base of 
INR443 crores and it has come down to INR271 crores. We had kept the provision to largely 
cover that. Restructured advances now come down to INR271 crores from INR443 crores a year 
back and it's trending down. 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
 So this provision is something that we propose to -- we will not be requiring going forward, and 
this is something that we would be using to take care of the additional ECL requirement. So 
going forward, when the expected credit loss on the 1st April 2027 is implemented, we don't 
anticipate any kind of impact on our P&L. 
 So key ratios. Deposit quarter -on-quarter has moved down 11 basis 6.01% to 5.90%. Yes, and 
this will continue trending down as the deposit gets repriced into the new rate buckets. Cost of 
yield on advances at 9.97% and the net interest margin is at 3.83%. Like I said, when the deposit 
gets repriced, this will stabilize, and we expect this to be at least 3.85% plus going forward. 
 On the capital adequacy, 30.96% is where we stand. Cost-to-income ratio is at 43.81%. This has 
come down almost 5.5% from the previous quarter, and we are committed to maintaining it 
under 45% going into the next quarters. PCR, I mentioned technical write-offs, with technical 
write-off is at 95.34%. 
 The other piece we would like to bring into the attention of the analysts is the digital momentum 
that we have. In fact, some of the growth coming back into evidence is on account of several of 
our initiatives that we have taken. In fact, on the IT side, we will be looking at an enhanced 
budget of INR250 crores. I think a lot of expenditure is happening. 
 We did mention some of them. Loan management systems, the Phase 1 is on right now, is almost 
completed and is under UAT. Workflow automation out of the 8 projects, 3 have already been 
handed over. So that's also beginning to show some results. The website is getting revamped. 
We are getting into fintech partnerships. We are completely replacing our Interne t banking 
package and upgrading our mobile. 
 So there's a lot of activity from a digital -- from a modernization of the bank that is happening. 
And some of them have already been implemented like the CX platform, like the vendor 
management system, like the human capital management and performance system. So they have 
all been implemented and we are already seeing some of the results coming into both the growth 
momentum and as well as the profits. 
 So that's from my side, and we are now open to questions. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Digant Haria from GreenEdge Wealth. 
Digant Haria: Yes. Sir, my question is that this quarter, we have seen good growth in RAM, the retail, agri and 
MSME, especially the retail part. So if you can just highlight that was it like a one-off or all the 
initiatives you have taken for the last 1.5 years, how ha s that impact come together? If you can 
just give a little more details about that? And going ahead, will the same growth momentum 
continue? 
Salee S Nair: We anticipate the growth momentum to continue. And let me also tell you this is not a one -off. 
When I say this is not a one-off, obviously, it will be confirmed by the results of the next quarter 
and the following quarter, right? I think a lot of initiatives have been taken here. We have put in 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
place the loan management system, which I just mentioned earl ier. It is just undergoing UAT. 
Centralization of appraisals we have brought in. 
 So I think a lot of initiatives have been taken, which is beginning to have a salutary effect. The 
RM base has been strengthened, the relationship management base has been st rengthened, the 
credit analyst base has been strengthened. So this is not a one-off. This is the glimpse of what is 
going to happen in the future. So this will continue. 
Digant Haria: Right. So sir, would you like to give any guidance for this year? 
Salee S Nair: Wait, let me also put it that way, yes. Sorry, tell me. 
Digant Haria: Yes. Sir, would you like to give some guidance for this year FY '26, that will we be able to do 
that 13%, 14% kind of a loan book growth for the full year? Or it's still too early to give that? 
Salee S. Nair: In fact, this year, we hope to end up with 14% plus, 14% to 15% on the credit growth. And  
taking it further, also on the deposits, I said we will be aligned to the market, but I think we will 
be better than the market this quarter. I'm looking at 12% to 13% growth on the deposit and 12% 
on the CASA itself. So I think both on the liability side and the asset side, we are going to see 
growth sort of accelerating going forward. It will be slightly better than what we originally 
thought is possible. 
Digant Haria: Okay, okay. Sir, and in the last 2 quarters, you had alluded that our ROAs may settle from, say, 
1.9% to maybe 1.7% or 1.8% because of the margin pressure. But in the last 2 quarters, we have 
done better than that. So you think that worst of that margin pressure is also over? 
Salee S Nair: See, like I said, the repricing of the term deposit, we thought it would take about 3 quarters. And 
in fact, if you look at the cost of deposits has come down 11 basis in the last quarter. So repricing 
is happening, which will have an impact on the NIM, which is sort of settling down. We hope 
to touch 3.85% plus. And that also will have a lead effect on the ROA, which happily for us has 
been seeing an uptick. I think we were looking at 1. 75% to 1.8%, that kind. But I think we 
probably will be ending the year a bit closer to 1.85%. The current level, I think we should be 
able to maintain. 
Digant Haria: Right, sir. Right, sir. That's good to know. And sir, my last question will be on whole retail, agri 
this RAM portfolio. What is the overall yield there versus what is the bank level yield? 
Salee S Nair: The overall yield is pretty much is the same, right? Because it's about 5% is the other. So what 
we have is about almost 95% RAM. But let me see. You have a separate overall yield for RAM 
alone? I think it pretty much will mirror the current yield on advances. 
Digant Haria: Got it. Or let me just put it this way, what is your highest and the lowest yielding product? And 
how much will be the yield there? 
Salee S Nair: See, we have a significant gold loan portfolio, right, jewel loan portfolio, which some of it is in 
the agri space, some of it in the retail space. And the agri gold loan portfolio, agri jewel loan 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
portfolio, the yield is 10.15%, ri ght? I think that remains. And the consumption loan, now the 
retail side, what we call the consumption loan is at 11%. So that's something that's steady. I got 
that RAM yield. It is at 10.05%. 
Digant Haria: Thank you so much  and all the best. 
Salee S Nair: Yes, Thank you 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Sidharth Chandrasekar from SJN Securities. Please go head 
sir. 
Sidharth Chandrasekar: Sir, I have two questions. Basically, the first question is about the shareholder case which is 
going on, right? So if there is any potential impact in our company? Basically, what I meant is, 
say, for example, whatever outcome that comes out of that case, right, will there be any monetary 
impact? Like any fine or issue of new shares or cancel of new share, something like that? 
Salee S Nair: I'm sorry, I think you're not clear. What is it that you're asking? You've mentioned something 
about shareholders. 
Sidharth Chandrasekar: Yes, yes. Is it any better, my voice is any better? 
Salee S Nair: Yes, you're getting better. Yes, tell me. 
Sidharth Chandrasekar: Okay. So what I meant is, sir, regarding the shareholder case which is going on, right? Will there 
be any monetary affect on our company depending on whatever outcome that comes out of that 
case? 
Salee S Nair: No, no, no, nothing at all. In fact, we have put it out in the last balance sheet, in the fine print if 
you look at it, it's very clearly there. See, there we the bank came into picture. It is actually an 
issue between shareholders and shareholders and issue between shareholders and the ED. 
 Where we came into picture is that we issued the bonus share, 1:500 when we did prior to listing, 
we issued to everyone, including those impacted by it. And ED did not like it and issued a show 
cause notice to us and slapped an equivalent amount as show cause they issued a show cause 
notice to us. 
 But this is under a certain section of FEMA, I don't recall the FEMA. When we look at the 
maximum penalty there is INR2 lakhs. INR2 lakhs, right? INR2 lakhs, and  we have already 
provided for that. We've got legal opinion from the top legal firm in the country to go through 
the papers and see what is going to be the impact because there is no money laundering angle to 
that. 
 What we just did was the existing net worth, which was there for 1 share, which was converted 
into 501 shares. So there is no exchange of cash. There is no cash transaction happening here, 
which has been acknowledged by the top legal firm and as per their advice, we have already put 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
INR2 lakh provision, which is the maximum provision or maximum penalty possible from the 
ED side. 
Sidharth Chandrasekar: Okay. That's good to hear… 
Salee S Nair: We have already provided in books.Already. 
Sidharth Chandrasekar: Okay, sir. Sir, one more question about our deposit portfolio. So you mentioned like we are 
aspiring to somewhere around 12%, 13% for deposit for this year. 
Salee S Nair: Yes, yes. 
Sidharth Chandrasekar: So year-to-date, we did around 3%. So I think the remaining 9%, can we achieve this? So is i t 
possible? 
Salee S Nair: Yes, yes, I think 3% is for the quarter. What we're talking about, 3% is for the quarter. 
Sidharth Chandrasekar: Yes. The prior quarter was kind of flat, right? So the Q4 versus Q1 is kind of flat. So year -to-
date still... 
Salee S Nair: Yes, I think your question is valid. And let me tell you the kind of momentum that we see on a 
month-to-month basis and look at that. We always overachieve, let me tell you, when we give a 
guidance, and you have seen it from the past also that we will exceed. And the confidence comes 
from the fact that the growth momentum we are seeing it happen on the ground, the initiatives 
are beginning to pay off. 
 We did take Transaction Business Group, which is again beginning to pay off. We have set up 
an Elite Service Group, which is also beginning to help us in the overall term deposit and the 
savings bank side. So I think 12% to 13% is where we will see the year close. And if you're 
asking 3% and the year was flat, you will see at the end of the year, it will be there. 
Sidharth Chandrasekar: Ok. Damn good. 
Salee S Nair: Ok. Thank You 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Parth Manish Gutka from B&K Securities. 
Parth Manish Gutka: Sir, can you just mention what is the TWO pool as of date? 
Salee S Nair: What is that? 
Parth Manish Gutka: What is the outstanding Technically Written-Off pool as of September? 
Salee S Nair: Okay, okay, Technical Written Off, T-W-O, okay, okay, right. I think it is a little under INR2,000 
crores at the moment. But we h ave never moved assets out of technical written off. So it's a 
baggage of several years. Yes, that is there. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
 Actually, if you look at the PCR, right? Now we are focusing more on the PCR without the 
technical write-off, that is at 74.36%. The on book itself, we are pretty, pretty well covered. And 
like I said, the collateral cover of our NPA, current NPA on book is 111%. 
Parth Manish Gutka: Okay. And the contingent provision buffer that you are carrying of around INR250 crores, will 
we requires any RBI approval for using that for ECL? Or we can go ahead without taking the 
approval? 
Salee S Nair: I don't think there is any requirement. I don't think, in fact, they are meant for such contingencies. 
So there will not be any RBI approval required. Ordinarily, this will be returned back into profits. 
Ordinarily, as we expected, the COVID assets come down gets paid down. Like I said, it is 
already has been sharply reducing. It will be returned back to the profits. We will not be doing 
that. We will be just using it for the ECL. 
Parth Manish Gutka: Sure, sir. That's clear. And one last question. The employee expenses have declined around 20% 
quarter-on-quarter. I'm assuming that would largely be because of the lower retirement 
provisions this quarter. So can you just mention what is the share of the employees which are on 
defined benefits? 
Salee S Nair: Let me answer. That's one of the major steps that we have taken, reform that we have taken is to 
shift our employee base, about 5,000 people employee base from the def ined IBA-based pay 
model into the CTC model, where we don't look at the pensions, right? And I think we have now 
largely been successful in that. About 82% of our employees today is on the CTC model. 
 That is one major step that we took. I think going forward, we'll be getting the benefit of it. And 
apart from that, Now there is a variable component that we have offered them. That variable 
component, also now in an another major step in last month, we have aligned that to the operating 
profit and the business growth. So again, you will see the impact of all that going forward. 
Parth Manish Gutka: Sure, sir. Sure And just one last question. What is your outlook on the other  so within the 
advances portfolio, there's an others portfolio, around INR2,500 crores. 
Salee S Nair: It's actually the corporate book that we have, I think it will be around that level. And maybe we 
will start looking at it after we have put our systems in place, people get familiar with the new 
systems, new way of handling appraisals, which I did mention that the LMS, we have just 
completed the LMS, loan management system. We are getting a lot of interest. Once our staff 
and officers get familiar with that and the appraisal skills moves up, we will get back into the 
corporate field. The others is actually the corporate book. 
Parth Manish Gutka: Sure,Sure.Thank a lot 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Arul from Ksema Wealth Management. 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Arul: Yes. In the first half of FY '26, we have opened 22 branches, so majorly in Tamil Nadu. So what 
is the plan going forward? We have 36 branches to be opened. So majority still be in Tamil 
Nadu? It will be other states? 
Salee S Nair: This year, the ones that we opened, the 24 of  them will be in Tamil Nadu, but 12 of them will 
be outside Tamil Nadu. But going forward, you will see the ratio changing. 
Arul: Okay. So currently, it's around 75 percentage of branches in Tamil Nadu. So what is your view  
over a medium-term or long-term perspective? 
Salee S Nair: Our intention is over the next 3 years should bring down or take up the non-Tamil Nadu branches 
to beyond 35%. 
Arul: Okay. Understood. And my second question on the gold loan portfolio. I believe most of it is 
retail only, some of it is agriculture also. 
Salee S Nair: Yes. 
Arul: Suppose what will be the impact on growth if the gold prices came down in future -- some time 
in future? 
Salee S Nair: There will certainly, see, the gold growth is not just coming from the gold price alone. It is also 
coming from the fact that 47% of our branches are in the semi -urban and 21% are in the rural. 
So it is also coming from the expansion of the number of customers. So yes, your gold price 
reversal will have an impact on the gold loan growth it self. But now the focus is on expanding 
the customer base also which will, to a large extent, cushion that impact. 
Arul: Understood, Thanks 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Manish Jain from Wealth Care Securities. 
Manish Jain: Congratulations for a very good set of numbers. Sir, my question was, in the previous con call, 
you had mentioned FY '26, '27 will be a breakout year. So do you think that we'll be able to do 
a 20%, 25% growth in profits in FY '26, FY '27? 
Salee S Nair: FY '27, we have maintained will certainly be a breakout. I think it will be certainly in the round 
maybe 3% plus/minus 20%, right? Because we are also doing a lot of investment in the 
technology. 
 In fact, the planned investment in technology in the current year itself i s about INR250 crores, 
which was about INR151 crores last year. So there will be some impact on the OpEx, though we 
are committed to maintaining it at 45%. But like I said, next year is certainly going to be a 
breakout year, but we are looking at various parameters to see how it will impact the profit. And 
the profit, like I said, should be in the 20% plus/minus 3%. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Manish Jain: So suppose if it is let us assume even if it is 17%, but that will be sustainable for the next 2, 3 
years at least. 
Salee S Nair: oh..Yes, yes, yes. See, if you look at the past history of it, like I said, the growth is coming back, 
right? In the past through several years, substantial amount of our profit actually came from what 
we call written-off accounts, right? 
 In fact, in this quarter itself, the written-off account has had an impact in the numbers -- in the 
Y-o-Y numbers because we had INR98 crores of recovery from the written -off account in 
quarter 2 of FY '25, which is now about INR13 crores. So the impact of this written-off account 
is slowly coming down. And the growth picking up, which means that going forward, the profit 
that you see on the table today will not only get accelerated, it will also be sustained. 
Manish Jain: Okay. Sir, my second question was regarding the un seasonal rain and the impact on our asset 
quality and plus the USA tariff, I think you had mentioned it in your opening remarks, but still, 
if we can be little more in detail, you can explain. 
Salee S Nair: In fact, I put a slide on it in the presentation because last time also, there was a mention of U.S. 
tariffs. We don't see that the way the bank's portfolio is structured and the fact that we lay on 
significant recourse mechanism in the form of collateral, we don't see that impacting any kin d 
of portfolio stress because EC the export credit focus, of ours is just about 1.5%. Now this is one 
area we have been looking at ramping up going forward. But unfortunately, at the moment, it is 
at 1.5%, which is sheltering us from the U.S. tariff. 
Manish Jain: And about this unseasonal rains, we don't see any... 
Salee S Nair: Sorry? 
Manish Jain: Yes. About this unseasonal rains. We don't see any impact on our asset quality? 
Salee S Nair: Unseasonal rains, see, in the agri sector that we have, focus on th e agri sector that we have is 
significantly contributed by agri jewel loans, gold loans. So rains does not impact at all because 
it is backed by the gold. 
Manish Jain: And sir, about this IT budget, which is for the current year, it is INR250 crores. Out of this, how 
much we have spent already? 
Salee S Nair: Quite substantially has been done already, right? I'll give you the number. 
Manish Jain: And for the next year, what will be the budget, sir, for FY '26, '27? Will it decrease substantially? 
Salee S Nair: No, no, no. the modernization will continue. It will. It will. We'll take a call. We'll see how things 
are moving. But technology is something that this bank is heavily investing in. This bank is 
modernizing itself because we are seeing the  productivity impulse realized, and that will also 
weather the cost of such investments. 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Manish Jain: And we expect that all the expenses, we are confident that next year will be at least 17% profit 
growth will be there for FY 26? 
Salee S Nair: Yes. And let me tell you, we always understate our performance. 
Manish Jain: That was very nice to know, sir. And sir, another question was regarding out of the total loan 
book, how much originates from Tamil Nadu? And same for the case of deposits. 
Salee S Nair: See, it is roughly 3/4 is coming from Tamil Nadu, a little over 3/4. 
Manish Jain: And we are okay with that, sir? Or we want to change it? 
Salee S Nair:  No, we are  that's why I said going forward, we are identifying centers to open more branches 
outside the state of Tamil Nadu. See, why we are going a little slow on opening at the moment 
is we would also simultaneously put in place the HR strategy for that because non -Tamil Nadu 
branches cannot be opened by the existing by the existing HR resource. So we have just entered 
into a strategic tie-up with Manipal for training set of officers recruited from outside the state of 
Tamil Nadu. In fact, that process is already on. The first contingent is in the Manipal University 
getting trained on a 6 -month program, and they will be absorbed straight away at pro bational 
officers in the bank. 
 We have also used the IBPS rule to recruit about 115 guys earlier. So the resource is something 
that we are looking at contracting before we sort of enhance our foray into the non-Tamil Nadu 
region. That's why I said this in the next 6 months, 12 branches will be opening. But going 
forward, the number will be ramped up and non -Tamil resources, human resources are beefed 
up. So these are the 2 strategies we are using, the Manipal and  the IBPS route for recruiting 
people, local people, local to the states to manage our branches. 
Manish Jain: Sir, and despite of all these branch opening expenses as well as these IT expenses for FY '25, 
'26 and the following years, so you are very confident of at least 17% profit growth, right? 
Salee S Nair: Yes, yes. 
Manish Jain: Okay, sir. That was very nice to know.Thanks for answering all the questions. 
Salee S Nair: Thank You 
Salee S Nair: 17% is next year, not this year, okay? FY '27. It's FY '27. We should not get that FY '26, we are 
going to deliver 17% growth. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Jefferson, he is an Individual Investor. 
Jefferson: My first question is on how we are actually selecting the locations to open the new  branches 
because I remember our former CEO mentioning that we are primarily choosing locations where 
we could have a quick breakeven. Is that still the selection criteria? Or has it changed now? 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Salee S Nair: See, what we are doing is we are going by the data across the country, centers, which have 
potential to, which have existing branches, and we are looking at the growth of these existing 
branches. Now the data is available. That is the first level of identification of the center. The 
growth of branches of other banks already existing in the center. We are looking at their growth 
and see to get the potential. That is one. 
 And second is that wherever we are looking at opening a branch, we are posting the branch 
manager in advance. He goes, does the survey identify the branch premises to be taken. And the 
survey also will give us an indication of whether we can make a dent there, we can break even 
quickly enough. 
So I think these are the 2 strategies that we are looking at before opening a branch, identify ing 
the growth at the branch by the branches of other banks as well as our own market survey backed 
by the person posted there and the regional office support in that market survey. So we're not 
looking at opening branches just for the part of it. We will be doing a serious study before 
opening a branch. 
Jefferson: Understood. That's quite clear. And I have an observation. So obviously, one of our bank's future 
goal is to have a pan-India presence. But keeping that in mind, if you have a look at our bank's 
name, it's Tamilnad Mercantile Bank, and it seems to somewhat limit us or kind of associate us 
with a specific geographic location, right? 
 And also one more point to add is since our bank name starts with the letter T, it kind of already 
puts us into an alphabetical disadvantage. In almost all cases where, let's say, the banks with the 
universal banking license in India are listed alphabetically. Our bank most probably ends up 
being the second last on the list. So actually, my question is, would we consid er renaming our 
bank's name maybe as a part of rebranding effort? Or what's your thoughts on that? 
Salee S Nair: I think that's a very interesting question really. One, of course, I never realized that letter alphabet 
T is virtually at the bottom of the 26 pack English Alphabet pack. I think the Alphabet T is going 
to remain in the bank's name. I think that's something that we can't escape from, right? 
But on the Tamilnad Mercantile Bank being a limiting factor is something that we are looking 
at. I can't give you a straight away -- I mean, acceptable answer straight away but that is engaging 
our attention. How do we enhance our attractiveness to the non-Tamil Nadu regions is something 
that is engaging our attention. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. 
Saket Kapoor: My question pertains to the IT investment that we have envisaged over the year of INR250 crores 
for this financial year. So if you could just explain to us what has been the thought behind 
spending INR250 crores? 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
And even you are articulating that a similar amount needs to be invested. So are our systems not 
in place? Or what will lead to this amount going ahead? And what has been the average IT spend 
for the last 3 fiscals? 
Salee S Nair: I think last year, I just mentioned that we did spend INR151 crores. In fact, out of the INR250 
crores, a substantial portion will be reserved for the OpEx. So that's one. And now what we are 
looking at in the current year is the breakup of even breakup, which is INR12 5 crores for the 
opex and INR125 crores for the capex. I think that's how we have. And there's a subset. The 
bank is a legacy bank and a significant portion of this functioning has been manually driven. So 
all that we want to modernize. 
 For example, I just mentioned about the loan appraisal systems. It was manually done. Now we 
are putting in place a new loan management system. We have put replacing the entire Internet 
banking through a digital engagement hub -based Internet banking. So that's a big investm ent 
that we are doing. 
You will see that result in January of '26 when the entire Internet banking will be replaced. 
Wholesale will be replaced. The entire website is being replaced wholesale. The mobile banking 
is completely being revamped. 
 Like I said, our workflow automation, I think that's something that we are pushing. The way we 
are doing work in the branch, every aspect of it, we are looking at upgrading and automating 
and so that resources are released for sales functions. We were largely a mainten ance-based 
bank. 
Now we are now trying to push the staff into the sales roles. And towards that, we have also now 
set up the CX platform. The other big investment that we will be doing is on the CDP side, the 
customer data platform that is yet to happen, that is the next thing that will happen. 
 So virtually every aspect of banking, whether it is customer -facing or internally, which will 
release productive impulses amongst  our own resources, human resources is something that is 
being looked at. And we have also put in place a cross -functional team to see how artificial 
intelligence can be used to support productivity increases here. 
And let me also tell you in the HCM, we have just started that already by having in the artificial 
intelligence used there. So I think there's a substantial Investment happening, I think this will go 
on not only this year, it will go on to next year, by which time we hope the bank will be 
completely modernized and in line with some of the best in the market. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay, sir. Sir, you mentioned about the employee cost being lower because of some changes in 
82% of the staff being shifted to the CTC model. Can you explain what does this stand for? And 
what would be the annual savings going ahead, sir? 
Salee S Nair: Let me tell you that were the employees here, 80% plus was on the IBA model, the IBA model 
where you give every 5 year increase in the basic pay and the salary structure undergoes a 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
change. Now that has been shifted substantially into the CTC model, where t he salary is now 
being split into 2. There's a fixed component, there is a variable component. 
And the variable component is now linked to the operating profit, to the business growth. So 
that component kicks in only when there is a profit, which means str aight away that savings, 
which was used to give a certain performance-based incentive is now linked to this and becomes 
a function of the profit itself. 
So which means going forward, we can see there's a moderation of the HR cost happening. The 
HR cost may go up but as a percentage of the overall profits, our operating profit will go down 
or the total income will go down. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, come again with the last statement, income will, I did miss your point. 
Salee S Nair: No, because I said, the absolute  number HR costs may go up. But as a percentage of the total 
income because now the operating profit, the growth has to be generated before we pay them 
the variable, which was right to them earlier. We can see that the absolute in percentage terms 
it's going up. 
Saket Kapoor: And sir, the pension benefit part, are they covered? Are the existing employee under the pension 
benefit also? 
Salee S Nair: The CTC guys are not covered under the pension. So 82%, 83% of our people are not covered 
under the pension no w. It is only the balance, we are also trying to incentivize them to move 
because incentivized through the variable pay structure to move into this. And we are on the 
actuarial basis, we are well covered under the pension. The existing, like I said, 17%, 18% who 
carry pension, we are well covered on an actuarial basis. 
Saket Kapoor: Last 2 points. Firstly, on the interest on balances with RBI, we have seen our sequential number 
also in 9 months from INR17 crore profitability, the number is INR15 crores. How ever, there 
has been the impact of the CRR and the repo rate cut. So how are we able to maintain the interest 
balance with Reserve Bank and what should be this number going ahead, sir? 
Salee S Nair: Sorry, come again on that? Come again. 
Saket Kapoor: I'm talking about interest on balances with Reserve Bank. We are showing an income of 
INR15.... 
Salee S Nair: It has come down,  you are saying from 4% to 3%, right? You're talking about the CRR. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, I'm talking about CRR but we have been able to maintain our number on a quarterly basis. 
So what should be , what are the reasons? And what should be the number we should look 
forward on an annualized basis, sir? 
Salee S Nair: Can you answer that? 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
CFO: Can you come again what is basically asking? 
Saket Kapoor: Yes, just referring to the P&L line item 1, subsequent fee, where we have maintained our interest 
on balance with Reserve Bank of India and other interbank funds. Therein, we have booked an 
income of INR15,34,00,000 for the quarter ending S eptember. The number was INR17,38,000 
lakh for June quarter. And for previous year, it was INR6 crores. So I would just like to 
understand since there have been a rate cut that has been factored in the quarter, how are we... 
Management: Basically, investable surplus is being deployed here, and that is the function of this. Once our 
advanced portfolio starts growing up faster, that surplus will come down. And so this number 
cannot be compared in isolation. We have to see this overall interest income because what 
happens is this is my total fund has to be employed either in advances or with investment in RBI, 
which is giving me less number, less yield. So whenever this number going down will be 
beneficial for my bottom line. 
Saket Kapoor: Right, sir. But my question was since there has been a significant reduction, how we have been 
able to maintain this number? 
CFO: No, that is the investable surplus with RBI is at a level where we are giving this kind of returns. 
Salee S Nair: Which line item is --? 
Saket Kapoor: 1C.  
And secondly, sir, how , what steps we are taking to protect our NIM going ahead since there 
should be a further 50 basis cut in the repo rate in the issuing part of the financial year. So how 
will our NIM be protected and you alluding to the f act that 17% growth in the profitability for 
the next year, that should be on another 50 basis cut that is envisaged in the repo rate. So are you 
factoring in this 50 basis cut in giving a number for profitability growth of 17%? 
Salee S Nair: Yes, yes. Let me tell you why. See, if you look at our deposit portfolio, substantially, we are in 
the 1- to 2-year market bucket, about 66% plus is in the 1 - to 2-year bucket. And that is now 
getting will be repriced going forward. The next 2 quarters going up to Apri l '26 is when this 
repricing will happen. And that will give us that extra bit to even take care of 25 basis cut when 
it happens and maybe a 25 basis cut going forward. 
 See, every cut will impact to about 7.5%. And because of the maturity profile that we have, it 
takes about 3 quarters for the pricing to fit in. The last cut that we saw, now the deposit pricing 
would take that impact and give us the benefit. We are coming to that in this December quarter 
and January quarter, we hope to see the benefit of that. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. So our loans are repriced on a floating basis but the deposit get factored with...? 
Salee S Nair: 50% get repriced. And of course, the balance 50% on MCLR terms, the repricing. So essentially, 
half of the loan is getting repriced immediately, whereas the bulk of our deposit, except for the 
very short-term profile, it takes time to reprice, like I said, 3 quarters. 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Saket Kapoor: 3 quarters. So we will be getting the benefit of the lower cost of funds, this trend line of lower 
cost of fund will continue and will get momentum only going ahead. 
Salee S Nair: Yes. And possibly that will also take care of a rate cut. 
Saket Kapoor: Yes, sir. That is what I'm asking. our cost of fund has come down to 5.91%..? 
Salee S Nair: It will continue further down. Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: It will continue further down if the deposits get repriced in this quarter itself. 
Salee S Nair: Absolutely. Next 2 quarters, we are seeing a substantial amount of deposits getting repriced. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. Okay, sir. Right, sir. we will be hosting the call again post the March results only. 
Salee S Nair: No, no, March. January. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. We'll continue with the quarterly results. You were telling something you're concluding, 
sir. 
Salee S Nair: No, no. I'm sayin g we will again meet for the December results in January. And we hope the 
numbers will be better than the second quarter. 
Saket Kapoor: It will be better than the second quarter. 
Salee S Nair: Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: Thank you for answering all the questions an d we hope for now the deliverables to show up in 
our numbers in the way it has been alluded by the management. 
Salee S Nair: Yes. Thank you. The confidence comes from the fact that the growth momentum is picking up, 
and it is already evidenced in the second quarter, and it's also getting evidenced as I see it in the 
month of October as well. Yes. Going forward, we expect that momentum to continue. 
Saket Kapoor: Just a point to add then -- only one point was that we have not seen 
Moderator: Mr. Kapoor, I am really sorry to interrupt you. Mr. Kapoor, please rejoin the queue. 
Saket Kapoor: Ya..Ya,..I will join the que 
Moderator:  Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management will be able to address questions 
from all the particip ants and the conference, kindly limit the question to two per participant. 
Should you have a follow-up question, please rejoin the queue. 
Our next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital. 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Anant Mundra: Sir, my question was on the co st side. So firstly, the credit cost has been quite low in Q1 and 
Q2. So I just want to understand on a normalized basis, where do you expect this to settle? And 
also on the cost-to-income side, there's been some volatility between Q1 and Q2. So what is the 
normalized annualized number that we can model in here for cost to income? 
 And second, just a follow -up on the ECL thing, you mentioned that we carry a INR250 crore 
provision for the COVID provision. Do we use that currently for our calculation of our P CR? 
Or this is on top of that, whatever provision that we already hold? These are the 2 questions. 
Salee S Nair: Anant, three questions. I didn't get the second one. Maybe you can repeat it, but I'll give you the 
answer for the first 2, right? And the last  question is about INR250 crores of contingency 
provision that we have. It is not part of the PCR. Okay. If it is part of the PCR, the provision 
cover would exceed 100%. 
Anant Mundra: Yes, it will exceed 100%. Yes, sir. 
Salee S Nair: Right? It will exceed 100%. So it's not part of it. And that's something that it has been kept aside 
for the COVID era. Now the COVID book is now sharply shrinking and it is now standing at 
271. I think there are the options that we have is to write it back to profits going for ward or use 
it for other purposes. So I think ECL is something that we will certainly use that, okay? 
 And on the credit cost, when I look at the book as it stands for the next 2 quarters and  certainly 
for the next 2 quarters, I think the credit cost, we d on't see any kind of spike happening at all. 
The current level will be maintained. 
But let me also tell you as the growth momentum picks up, you can't avoid a bit of stress. I think 
going forward, this is something that FY '26 sorry, not certainly not FY ' 26, we will be at the 
similar levels. But FY '27, maybe there could be some kind of stress coming. I still anticipate 
the GNPA to be in the 1% kind of range. And obviously, the credit cost would be well, well in 
the 0.25% to 0.5% range going into FY '27 and FY '28. 
Anant Mundra: On the cost-to-income side as well. 
Salee S Nair: Cost-to-income ratio is at 43.81% now. And let me also tell you that we are committed to 
maintaining it in the 45% kind of number. 
Anant Mundra: Okay. All right, sir. And sir, so you  also mentioned that most of the IT expenses are done. So 
both on the capex side and opex side, both of them are majorly done? 
Salee S Nair: No. I didn't say most of the IT expenses have been done, has been contracted and the payments 
will happen. So many of them are work in progress. For example, digital engagement hub that 
we took will go live in the month of January. The loan management system, Phase 1, we are 
going live now.But Phase 2 and Phase 3, we will go live in the next 2 quarters. So it is all work 
in progress. 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Anant Mundra: Okay. Got it. So this 45% number that you mentioned is on an annualized basis, right? Because 
Q1 is generally a spike and then. 
Salee S Nair: Annually. Annualized basis. Yes. 
Anant Mundra: Got it, sir. And sir, just one final question. What is the LTV on the gold loans that we have in 
the agri and the retail portfolio? 
Salee S Nair: We are fairly conservative there but you have the LTV. We are fairly conservative there  I will 
get you  the LTV number. And if you look at against t he market, our highest per gram rate 
continues to be at INR7,300. 
EVP (Credit): We are the lowest in the industry. 
Salee S Nair: Yes, Right? Practically we are one of the lowest in the industry. Of course, we will continue to 
focus on the gold loan, but what we intend to do is to grow the other non -gold loan book, 
particularly MSME. And that is where we seem to see some kind of growth coming back. 
Anant Mundra: Got it. Got it, sir. So the investment on the MSME side are done. Now that engine should start 
firing, like how we've seen for the retail... 
Salee S Nair: It's not done. If you to say it is done, it is not really done. It is still in a work in progress. Like I 
said, the LMS package that we have taken on is only the Phase 1 has been completed, the Phase 
2 and Phase 3. The post disbursement functionalities, et c, are still there is a lot , I think it will 
take another couple of quarters for it to be fully done from what you're asking whether it's done. 
Anant Mundra: Meaningful double digit growth, got it. Got it. But a meaningful double-digit growth should only 
be penciled in probably for next year then because given that it's still under implementation. 
Salee S Nair: Yes. Next year, I think, is going to be another year that you should watch out for. 
Anant Mundra: Thank you sir, That’s it. 
Salee S Nair: Thank you 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Vinith Jain from Siddh Capital.Please go head. 
Vinith Jain: Sir, my first question will be, can you give me the size of the jewel loans and the consumer 
loans? 
Salee S Nair: The jewel loan portfolio is currently about INR20,000 crores. 
Vinith Jain: Sorry? 
Salee S Nair: Ya, it is INR21,000 crores. 
Vinith Jain: And sir, what will be the size  
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Salee S Nair: The book that we have, the jewel loan size is when I say jewel loan, it also has got an agri 
component and the consumption loan component, right? So both together is about INR21,000 
crores. 
Vinith Jain: So what will be the size yes sir, continue. 
Salee S Nair: What is the? 
Vinith Jain: So what will be the size of the consumer loan right now, sir? 
Salee S Nair: Consumer loan is about INR4,300 crores. 
Vinith Jain: INR4,300 crores. So how do you envisage the growth in consumer loan going ahead, sir? Like, 
of course, it is part of the retail and retail is growing. So is the focus more on jewel loans still? 
Or are we moving away? Like, of course, you said we are moving away from jewel loans. So 
what is the category we are focusing on? 
Salee S Nair: Like I said earlier, we will continue focusing on the jewel loan, but jewel loan is price sensitive 
to the gold prices, right? So if it takes a turn, we don't want the growth to taper off because of 
that. We are very, very sensitive about the per gram rate that we offer in the market and that it 
should not lead to a stress situation if there's a sharp reversal of the gold loan prices. So that's 
something that we are looking at and we are trying to see. 
 But like I said, the focus will continue on the jewel loan. But overall credit growth, we expect it 
to come from the non-jewel portfolio. I think that's where the focus is. That is where salutary, I 
think the last few months, we can see this turn happening. The growth of jewel loan portfolio 
versus the non-jewel loan portfolio happily is shifting in favor  of the non-jewel loan portfolio, 
which is the MSME and the other retail side. 
Vinith Jain: So is it possible to give these numbers in the presentation, like the jewel loan, consumer loans, 
home loans or vehicle loans? 
Salee S. Nair: I take note of it. And  here after, I think we will see whether we can give. I think that's a good 
suggestion. We let us give it.  
Vinith Jain: Sir, for the MSME segment, we've been working on this centralized loan distribution disbursal 
system for some time. And you're saying that there's still more time to get the engine firing. So 
when do you expect it? So maybe a couple of quarters down or? 
Salee S Nair: Like I said, the LMS Phase 1 has just been done, right? And now I think the familiarization is 
on in one of the regions. And I think come November end, I think that LMS will go live across 
the bank. And you can see the impact of that in the quarter 3 results itself. 
Vinith Jain: So the awareness program among the staff has been completed you mean to say? 
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Salee S Nair: Yes. Yes , yes. In fact, the awareness program or familiarization is on at the moment. Any 
change, it is not like a tap opening the water, another water comes out. It takes a bit of time for 
the people to get familiar. But nevertheless, you will see the impact of that in quarter 3 in terms 
of growth numbers. 
Vinith Jain: And on the global NRI center at Kochi, what has been the progress? What are the benefits you 
are generating? 
Salee S Nair: We have already set up the global NRI center, right? And we are also seeing an uptick I think 
that also went up about 9%, right? The NRI business NRI deposits are also beginning to show 
some growth. And we have just set up, I think set up the DN has been set up in Cochin in Onam 
in last month. I think Onam period, Onam Day, we did set it up. And we are beginning to see 
the impact of that also on the deposits. 
Vinith Jain: Will it be possible to give you the number... 
Salee S Nair: Next Quarter, w e will put that NRI number also and the comparative number also in the next 
quarter, and you will see that the uptick is there. 
Vinith Jain: So on the deposit side also, this presentation doesn't have the breakup of the retail and the bulk 
deposits. 
Salee S Nair: Okay. Okay. We'll do, add that. 
Vinith Jain: Can you give me the numbers? 
Salee S Nair: Do you have the numbers straight away? I'll give it to you. 
Vinith Jain: Thank you very much 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. In the interest of time, we'll take this as the las t question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Salee  S Nair, Managing Director from Tamilnad Mercantile Bank for 
closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Salee S Nair: Yes. I think like I said initially, I think this is this quarter, some of the efforts that we have been 
undertaking in the last 2, 3 quarters is beginning to bear fruits. The growth momentum is coming 
back. 11.40%, as I just mentioned, is the total business growth, particularly the resource on the 
resource raising side, I thi nk 12.32% the deposits. This is evident that the efforts are bearing 
fruit. 
And if you look at the history of the bank going back about 10 years, the bank has been 
underperforming the market. Now  it is in line with the market, perhaps a tad above the market. 
And I'm fairly confident that going forward, this bank will be not be in line, the divergence with 
the market will be seen that we will certainly grow slightly above the market. 
===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
 And for the current year, we hope to end the year with at least 12% to 13 % growth on the 
deposits, CASA at about 12%. I think we are confident about that. And on the advances, like I 
said earlier, 14% to 15% despite the fact that it is at 10.34%, we hope to end up with 14% to 
15%. 
So that's, again, the confidence coming out of the fact that some of the initiatives that we have 
taken is beginning to bear fruits. NPA would going forward also will be under control. I don't 
see any challenge there, any major accounts slipping. We don't see that. And of course, the 
slippage ratio also will be in the current level of about 5 to 10 basis. 
 So overall, I think we are facing the future with much with confidence, and we are happy that 
the growth is coming back that will now start contributing to the profit, the profit, which had a 
significant component of recovery from advances under collection written-off accounts and now 
will stand up on its own feet will be driven by the core banking going forward, core banking 
business going forward. So we face the future with much, much confidence than  what we were 
used to in the past. Thank you. Thank you all for joining us in this call. Thank you, and it's over 
to you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 