===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
Secretarial Section 
Head Office, 57- V.E. Road, 
Thoothukudi – 628 002. 
☏: 0461-2325136 
e-mail  : secretarial@tmbank.in 
CIN: L65110TN1921PLC001908 
 
 
 
Ref.No.TMB.SE.57/2025-26 
    31.07.2025 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
'G' Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
The Manager 
Bombay Stock Exchange limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Ref: Symbol: TMB / Scrip Code: 543596 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call – Q1 Results 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we wish to inform that the transcript of the earnings conference call hosted by the Bank on the 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Bank for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, has been made available 
on the Bank’s website at the following link: 
 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call – Q1 Results 
 
We are also attaching the transcript of the earnings call with this intimation. 
 
Kindly take the information on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
Swapnil Yelgaonkar        
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
Q1 - FY 2025-26 Earnings Conference Call - Transcript 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Management:  Mr. Salee S Nair, Managing Director & CEO 
 Mr. Vincent M.D, Executive Director 
 Mr. Sanjoy Kumar Goel,  Chief Financial Officer  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited Q1 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations as of the date of this call. These statements are 
not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, a nd there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 We have with us on the call today Mr. Salee S Nair, Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Vincent 
Menachery Devassy, Executive Director; and Mr. Sanjoykumar Goel, Chief Financial Officer. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Salee S Nair. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Salee S Nair: Good morning, and thank you, R eyo, and it's a pleasure to be part of this analyst call today 
morning. Yes, I think if you look at the performance of Tamilnad Mercantile Bank for the first 
quarter of FY '26, I think we have delivered a creditable performanc e. And also, if you look at 
the larger picture, we have stabilized more or less the operations also have now been stabilized. 
The foundation is getting laid, rather a strong foundation for a take -off in the subsequent 
quarters. 
 If you look at the business, I think business has always been a worry, particularly with deposits, 
whether we would be we are in a position to raise it. I think that's something that has seen an 
uptick, both deposits and the total business. Now it stands at 30th of June, it stands at INR 98,923 
crores, up 9.86%. And deposits on a year-on-year basis has more than doubled to 9.38%, it is at 
INR 53,803 crores. Incidentally, this bank has crossed INR1 lakh crores. I think that's the first 
peak that has been done. I'm sure many more such peaks will follow. 
 So deposits, as I said, has more than doubled. The pace of growth has doubled. So we are really, 
really seriously getting back into our resource mobilization for the kind of growth that we are 
anticipating. The CASA has been a worry, in  fact it has been a worry across the system, and in 
the bank as well. And I did outlay that outlined the last quarter and the previous quarter that we 
have taken a number of initiatives in this. And it is beginning to deliver, including the transaction 
business unit that we set in place. 
 And in the first quarter, I think, again, the trend of declining CASA has been arrested, and we 
have been able to reverse it with a year-on-year a modest year-on-year growth of 4.51%. On a -
on a quarter -on-quarter basis, t his is an improvement of 34 basis points on the CASA share. 
RAM continues to be our focus, and that's up 11.93%. It currently stands at as on the 30th of 
June 2025, stands at INR 42,100 crores. There has been a slight compression of NIM. 
 I'll come to that later. The operating profit is at INR 412.26 crores. It is lower on a year-on-year 
basis. There are reasons for which, which I'm sure I will explain. Net profit is up 6.13%. So on 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
the operating profit, what we have also done is we have up fronted some of the costs that in the 
first quarter itself, we normally provide the performance-based incentive. 
 In last year, that was about INR 36 crores, INR 37 crores. And it's normally amortized. So, first 
quarter of last year, in FY '25, we have tak en just INR 8.74 crores. This year, the entire INR 
41.27 crores has been upfronted and has been absorbed in the quarter itself. So despite that, we 
have been able to deliver a 6.13% growth. 
 Again, on the net profit side, on the operating profit side, both interconnected, of course, is that 
we did have one-off in first quarter of FY '25, which including recoveries in the technical return 
of accounts that was not available in Quarter 1(Q1). So accounting for all that, I think it is a 
decent operating profit that we have delivered, a decent net profit that we have delivered. And 
coming to the stress side of it, the credit cost is just about 6%. 
 Again, tight control, GNPA down 22 basis, 1.22%. NNPA, year -on-year, 33 basis, 32 basis 
down, virtually, it has halved. Return on assets was at 1.88% and it has come down to 1.82%, a 
reduction of 6 basis. But sequentially, if you look at what we stated last quarter when we were 
analyzing the results of FY '25 and the Quarter 4(Q4) of FY '25, the March quarter of FY '25, it 
was at 1.81%. 
 So there also sequentially, it has moved up. Return on equity, of course, is 13.30%. It's down, 
but more or less stable at the moment. And PCR on book is 73.04%. So and that's a sharp increase 
that you have seen up from 55.22%. 17.82%, w e have ramped it up to 73%. That is on book. 
That is the PCR on book. 
 And if you also take the technical write-offs, it is 94.32%. As I was saying that we did take a lot 
of initiatives on the CASA side, including we did we, in fact, opened 7, both on digital side and 
on the branch expansion side, I think this quarter itself, we have opened new branches, all aimed 
at deposits and also in particular, CASA. The transaction business group that we have initiated 
in early last quarter is slowly beginning to help us turn the tide on CASA. 
 We have also introduced online account opening towards this. And the sum and substance of the 
aggregated initiatives taken is we have seen a year-on-year growth of 4.51%. The CASA stood 
at Rs. 14,411 Crore level, which I'm sure,  going forward, the riding on the initiatives will get 
strengthened. Retail deposits continues to be good for us, 11.25%, including the bulk. 
 Bulk is also pointing out to the kind of high net worth individuals that sort of banks with 11.43% 
term deposits altogether at 11.28%. So on our resource mobilization, I think our initiatives, the 
branches are beginning to take and the growth is now beginning to come. 
 I think 9.38% as I said earlier, it is more than doubled what we have done on a year -on-year 
basis. So CASA share is up 34 basis as I just mentioned, it is at 26.78%, up from 26.44%. So 
year-on-year deposit growth, I think, has been steadily picking up over the quarters from 4.64%, 
it has moved up, now stands at 9.6%. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 So in no quarter, we have the growth has flattened, which points out to the kind of focus that we 
are bringing into the area into this area. And we expect the CASA also to mirror that going 
forward riding on the initiatives we have taken.  On the advances, ye s, on the MSME side, we 
have a lot of initiatives being taken, as I did mention in the last call as well that we are setting 
up credit management centers and the quarter we have spent, in fact, in tweaking days and 
training a large population of who are going to be in the CMT, the credit managers relationship 
managers. 
 There was a large contingent undergoing training and as well as we are also looking at setting 
up the online platform. So there has been a bit of a disruption there, which is in the nature o f 
laying the foundation, strong foundation for MSME sector. 
 In fact, this is one sector that this bank would be seriously focused on. And you can see some of 
these as the quarters pass by. Overall, on the RAM side, I think we did deliver the bank did 
deliver 11.93% of growth. And overall, the growth stands at 10.44%. 30 June, we closed at 
INR45,120 crores. The CD ratio continues to be 83.86%. I think it's under 85%. We would like 
to see it remain around 85% or under 85%. We're not really worried about this  because our 
capital adequacy ratio is in excess of 32%. 
 And leverage ratio is 12.44%, which is something that gives us I'm sure not just this bank, I'm 
sure the investor community also will take a lot of comfort on that. There has been a lot of talk 
in the market about unsecured portfolios, right? I think RBI and the system, the banking industry 
itself is worried. And then I come to Tamilnad Mercantile Bank, unsecured portfolio just 
answered 0.28% of the advances that is 0.28%. So we are largely secured. Our portfolio is largely 
secured or almost entirely secured. 
 And even in the unsecured exposure, the NPA is 0.43%. So even there, I think our tight control 
on the stress continues. On the financial performance, interest income is up 8.20% and operating 
profit operating the total income is at 6.77%. Again, like I said earlier, there was a one-off in Q1 
of FY '25, which helped sort of improve the interest income in that quarter. 
 If you look at the expenses, you will see that there's a number, 20.24%, and pa rticularly the 
employee cost was 24.24%. That is on account of, as I just said, that the entire performance -
based incentive, INR 41.27 crores that ordinarily in the previous years was amortized over the 
quarters. 
 We have taken as a conscious decision to a bsorb it in the first quarter itself. So, if you remove 
that, if you even the employee cost comes down to 6.70%, from the 24.24% that is shown there. 
So overall, that also has impacted the operating profit. And net profit is at 6.13%. If we had 
negated all that, it would have been in excess of 10%. 
 So, the shareholders value, we continue to deliver book per value of INR 589 crores and a net 
worth of INR 9,328 crores. On the NPA, I think this is, again, continues to be our major focus 
in the bank to control this stress. 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 And if you look at it, it is below INR 550 crores. And that INR 550 crores has been delivered 
with 0 write-offs. So it is entirely the reduction is entirely the gas recovery and the rate and also 
accounting for the fresh addition. So that's something that we are fairly proud of. GNPA, like I 
said, is at 1.22% and NNPA, 33 basis points. Slippage ratio 5, basis points. I think another it is 
just at INR 22 crores, down from INR 54 crores in the previous quarter and year-on-year down 
from INR 55 crores. 
 SMA continues to be an acceptable level at 3.05%. And stressed asset 1.88%. And the other 
aspect that I would like to bring to the attention of the analysts is the collateral coverage that we 
have. On the stress book, as I said earlier, our stress  book GNPA is below INR 550 crores. It 
stands at INR 549.12 crores and the collateral cover of this book is 108%. 
 And we have provided this book INR 370 crores. So which means that once we start resolving 
this, which I'm sure will happen over the next year plus through the year and the year plus, this 
provision that we have given is likely to largely likely to return. 
 So on the key ratios, the NIM, we did take a bit of a hit, 3.84%. Then this is something that was 
anticipated. And if you recall, I did mention in my last analyst call that our NIM would be 
between 3.80% and 3.90%. Of course, we did have 2 rate cuts that happened 0.5% initially and 
0.5% subsequently. 
 I think that would that impacts the NIM as the repricing of term deposit, I think the bulk of it 
about 66% of our term deposits is in the 1 to 2-year bucket. So it takes a bit of time to reprice it, 
and that is impacting the cost of deposit. But even then it is at 6.01%. And the yield on advances 
is also, I think it has marginally come down 10.02% and 3.84%. And this number of NIM 3.84% 
going forward, we expect it to be in that range or marginally move up. 
 Now I'll stop here, and I think I will take some questions and answers questions, and I'll be happy 
to answer them. Thank you. 
Moderator: Sure. Thank you very much. We will begin the Question and answer session. The first question 
is from Jai Chauhan from Trinetra Asset Managers. Please go ahead.  
Jai Chauhan: So I just have one question. So sir, the NIM moderating from 4.25% to 3.84% in Q1 FY '25 and 
your guidance of 3.80% to 3.90% for FY '26. I just wanted to know what specific strategies are 
you implementing through your transa ction business group and services initiatives to improve 
your funding mix? And how sustainable is your deposit cost management given the competitive 
environment? And what levers do you have to defend margins in a declining rate cycle? 
Salee S Nair: Yes. Of course, I think it goes without saying that the market is really competitive for deposits, 
particularly when you look at the fight of deposit in looking for higher yields and what's 
happening in the mutual fund industry. So we were conscious of it. And t hat's why, in fact, in 
the last year's call itself, I did mention that we have started a transaction business unit aimed at 
getting the CASA or retaining and strengthening the CASA base. And I think over 100 
relationship managers have been posted exclusively for particularly the current accounts. 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 And current accounts is the focus, current accounts and the past accounts, and they have been 
posted, and they are now in the market, and that's beginning to show in some of the numbers 
that are coming in. So the CASA mix, as I just said, riding on the transaction business that have 
been initiated virtually across many of our strategy branches. We do have a relationship manager 
in strategy branches placed to look at the CASA, particularly top part of it. 
 And like I said, that's beginning to show some results. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, our CASA 
share has gone up 34 basis. And this is something that we will continue. We have just launched, 
in fact, in this month, an online onboarding process for the current account holders. And we are 
also looking at several initiatives at the branch level itself. 
 In fact, we are looking at nearly 200 data entry operators to relieve pressure on the counter and 
so that they can start also looking at referrals and asking for savin gs bank accounts. In addition 
to this, we have also set in motion  launched elite services group that is aimed at the existing 
depositors, particularly the savings bank holders. 
 And this elite services group would have relationship managers giving them end-to-end services 
to some of the high net worth or high deposit customers or whatever. So that's just been set in 
place. And both the initiatives together, I trust and I am sure will help us retain the existing 
customers as well as improve the CASA , the CASA customers going forward and the CASA 
share in the advances, we are hoping that it will start inching up. And I think is that you want is 
that okay? Or did I miss out any of your any part of your question? 
Jai Chauhan: No, sir. Nothing. That’s from my side that’s all. 
Moderator: The next question is from Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Lakshminarayanan: A few questions. As a bank, I look at it, we have one of the best ROEs among all the private 
sector banks, especially the old gen private secto r bank, and we have the highest capital 
adequacy. We have the best GNPA, right? But I find something is holding us back from growing 
our core, which is the MSME. And if I look at the last full financial year, the growth has come 
from gold loans and MSME has actually been struggling for us. 
 Now is it a conscious choice or we are actually losing market share? Because when I look at 
some of the large private sector banks like the ICICI, HDFC, Kotak or even Investment Bank, 
Axis, the growth is coming from the so-called business banking plus SME banking while we 
seem to have either consciously holding us back. And I mean, it's just trying to see why with 
such strong positioning, we are holding back growth? 
Salee S Nair: Lakshmi, let me tell you that MSME is the  focus for the bank. It's obviously Mercantile. Now 
when you look at the name Mercantile itself suggests that we have to we are there in the MSME 
space. If you look at the first quarter, I was just mentioning that we are putting in place a lot of 
initiatives laying the foundation. I did mention in the last call also that we have started we have 
set up credit management centers. 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 And when we were looking at centralizing some of the process, we r ealized that it has to move 
in conjunction with the automation of the appraisal process itself. So I think that process so we 
have just sort of stepped back from that.  The automation process is now being pushed, and we 
expect by September that process to come online. Hitherto this bank was looking at MSME 
processing in a manual way. 
 And that you can't have you can't scale up when it is done that way. So we have now contracted 
with one of the top service providers or software providers in the country to source  a LOS 
package and a loan management system package. That imp lementation, we have already 
contracted. That implementation has started last quarter. It is not an easy it takes time to get this 
get it on the ground and get the productivity gains from that to start coming in. 
 And that's one aspect of it. The second aspect of it is that we have also recognized that some of 
our when we enter the market, we should enter with relationship managers and credit analysts 
of adequate skills. And that's something that we focus in the first quarter so that we have the 
foundation laid for a strong foundation laid for a take -off in the other quarters. So there have 
been a substantial training, several, in fact, credit analysts have been trained twice in the first 
quarter. 
 And in addition to that, even the relationship managers have  been trained even not only within 
the bank, we have also sent them to train outside. So this skill set improvement that we are 
focusing on, along with the kind of investments that we are doing it on the online appraisal 
system, which I just did mention, the loan origination software, the loan management software, 
both in the MSME, gives me the confidence that the numbers, if you look at the first second 
quarter, it will begin to show. 
 And in addition to that, we have also set up TMCs in the other centers,  we have not formalized 
it. We have placed our leadership there, and we are getting them to move into the market and 
start looking at new business. Now that's also yielding some business, so me kind of a flow is 
happening. 
 And today, when I look at the pipeline, and I'm having a healthy pipeline of close to INR 1,000 
crores, which is under process and which I'm sure is going to show some numbers, which is 
going to increase some numbers for the second quarter. So to put it to summarize it, yes, that is 
going to be our focus, and that is where you will see some numbers happen in the second quarter 
and going forward. 
Lakshminarayanan: So what kind of growth the bank is either internally budgeting right? Is it and which is the ke y 
segment because last year, the growth has come from gold loans and particularly in agriculture. 
So what would make you happy at the end of 1 year when you when the full financial year is 
ended, what kind of growth will keep the management? 
Salee S Nair: Yes. Lakshmi, let me tell you that the growth or the focus, gold to us is an OTC, over-the-counter 
product. That will continue at the branches. The current growth momentum will continue. 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
There's absolutely no reduction in that. We will continue there. But where the focus of the bank 
is currently in ramping up the MSME. 
 So you look at MSME and the continued growth in the gold loan, I think together, we'll be -- I 
did mention last call also that we are looking at about 15% kind of growth. I'm not anticipati ng 
particularly the MSME side. Even in the first quarter, we anticipated that there will be a bit of a 
disruption and the growth will not happen. 
 Like I said, the foundation is being laid. Second quarter also, I don't anticipate there will be some 
growth, but not to the extent. But in the second half of the current year, that is when we would 
have both our focus areas, skilling up the on staff as well as the loan management because the 
Phase 1 of the loan management systems also would have gone live. 
 And I think we will see the benefit of that in the second quarter happening. So both together, 
from the 10.44% that is largely riding now on the gold loan. We expect once the growth also 
starts coming in through the from the MSME, MSME sector and MSME portfoli o, I think 
together, I think we should see the growth moving up to about 15%. 
Lakshminarayanan: And sir, one question related to your annual report. In the annual report, certain accounts were 
actually mentioned as fraud. So, I just want to understand how much of that has been is actually 
being provided in the last 2, 3 years? What is the breakup? 
Salee S Nair: No, I think let me tell you, as per regulation, the fraud account has to be fully provided in the 
same year. And obviously, the fraud accounts, we have provided 100%. But what is the number 
in the area? 
Lakshminarayanan: No, because there is one which was which happened in I think 2 years back, one cotton thing in 
Andhra, which was almost like INR 165 to INR 170. 
Salee S Nair: Yes, Andhra-based accounts, and it is, in fact, the largest of our NPA, and we have provided it 
100%. 
Lakshminarayanan: And that has been provided as called out as a fraud account? 
Salee S Nair: See it was declared, but they went to court and RBI has advised us to actually take the tag off. 
So it is not called a fraud account at the moment. But despite that, we have provided as a prudent 
measure, 100% provision. 
Lakshminarayanan: Thank You sir, I will get back to you 
Salee S Nair:  Thank You 
Moderator: Next question is from Sana from Evergreen Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sana: Hello, Good Morning, Thank You for the opportunity 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Salee S Nair:  Yes Sana, Good morning  
Sana: Sir, I have few questions. Like the first one is a retail and retail advances. We have seen 
significant growth at 27.91 on Y -o-Y basis. Can you please elaborate on which sub -segments 
like are driving it? Like is it housing loan, personal loan or vehicles? 
Salee S Nair: No. I think housing loan has really not sort of stable at the moment. It's largely coming out of 
the personal loans. And to a large extent, it is coming out of the gold loan, where we have not 
started prying open that segment as well from a gold loan perspective. 
Sana: All right, sir. Noted. And sir, in MSME book, what is the life term? And MSME loan portfolio, 
can you please share the composition in the terms of sub-segment? And which areas are currently 
under stress? And what is the average ticket size of our MSME loans? 
Salee S Nair: In the MSME side, we do have you are looking essentially for the stress in the MSME side, right, 
or you're looking for the segment of the MSME? 
Sana: Sir, I'm looking for like subsegments in it. 
Salee S Nair: Subsegment of the MSME, just give me a second. I'll just get you that. Can you quickly come 
to that page? No. Come to the next one. By then, I'm sure I can get you that, I think so. We will. 
Textile is a major area for us. 
Sana: One more question I have, like in the c hanging like there is a continuous changing interest rate 
environment. How are we placed? Like are we going to maintain our CASA ratio forward? And 
how are we looking to build it up? 
Salee S Nair: I did mention this earlier also that we have taken a few i nitiatives here. I did mention about the 
initiative that we took in the last quarter of FY '25, where we said we are setting up a transaction 
business group. And we have a sizable number of risk managers in the market to look at the 
current accounts and the past accounts. 
 And in the first quarter of this year, we have also taken other initiative in the form of setting up 
initially the group that is looking at the high net worth, the higher deposit high-value depositors 
and particularly on the current accou nt space. I think that we have sort of initiated in about 50 
RMs elite services group. RMs have been sort of set up sort of we have sort of set them up in 
the first quarter. 
 And together with the transaction business group, I'm sure that the CASA space we  will come 
back. We have seen some erosions there in the last year, and that's something that we wanted to 
reverse. And happy to state that in this quarter, I think some results are being seen on that. 
 And we are seeing, like I said, the 34 basis uptick we have seen in the CASA share. So reversal 
of erosion, sort of, this seems to we have been able to arrest it. And in fact, that the CASA share 
has moved up. And I am sure that with the kind of initiatives that we are taking, we are also 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
looking at several initial initiatives in this space. We have brought in the customer experience 
package has been implemented in the first week of July. 
 We are in the process of completely revamping our Internet banking package, so that the 
customers get the conveniences. A nd several services cost is they have to come to the branch 
today is tackled through the Internet banking. So that's something that we will see happening 
over towards the towards December of this year. It's a little distance away, but these are all 
initiatives that we are taking to arrest the to strengthen the current account and savings bank the 
CASA ratio. 
 And in the branch, itself, we are looking at business process management, where we are trying 
to reduce the current manual workload on the branch staff, so that they have they are freed from 
the daily routine, the maintenance work and then put into. They can be shifted into the sales 
group. But it's also a work in progress, and I'm sure we can as the day goes by, we can give you 
more color on that. 
 And the what you did mention earlier about the areas that we are in, I just got that breakup of 
advances that we have. We are significantly on the textiles. We have 1,000 out of the total 
portfolio, we have about 1,100 plus on the textiles. Food processing, w e are quite strong. We 
have about INR772 crores. Engineering , Iron and steel, about INR200 crores, INR230 crores. 
Gems and jewelry, chemicals, engineering construction, I think we are there across several 
sectors. 
 So it is a fairly well-diversified portfolio that we are looking at. And within the MSME itself, if 
you look at the micro, we have about INR 9,000 crores the small enterprises at another INR 
3,800 MSME. And the median, about INR 600. So it's, again fairly we ll diversified. And the 
ticket size, I think, would be I think that's where one we are focusing and improving the ticket 
size. And it's about INR 20 lakhs to INR 25 lakhs sorry, closer to INR 25 lakhs. 
Sana:  Ok Sir. Thank You so much sir 
Salee S Nair: Thank You 
Moderator: Thank You, Next question is from Rohan Mehta, who is an Individual Investor. 
Rohan Mehta: Hello Good Morning Sir, Thank You for the opportunity, Sir, I have a couple of questions. Just 
wanted to get your opinion on what your growth expectations are in terms of deposits. Do you 
see them outpacing advances and if we have any particular strategy on that front? 
Salee S Nair: See, the initiatives that we have taken, we have taken on both sides of the balance sheet. We are 
focused on the liabilities. We are focusing on the assets. I just mentioned on the MSME, that we 
will see the growth coming back to the MSME. The first quarter was a conscious call to lay the 
foundation. So both sides, the growth we expected to move up  off. The deposits, we did on a 
year-on-year basis, I did mention that we doubled the pace of growth. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 So that will that growth would continue there, and we are hoping that we ended the year in excess 
of 10%. Maybe between 10% and 12% is what personally I anticip ate it all the in response to 
the kind of initiative that we have taken on the liability side, revamping the branches, all 
branches are coming on stream, we have just done 7 branches in the first quarter. And we have 
just appointed 29 branch managers for new branches. 
 So that methodology also, we are now looking at we have the branch managers in place before 
the branch itself, so that they can connect with the market. And on day 1, they can start with a 
certain critical mass. So that's also happening. So the branch expansion is on. 
 There are several initiatives being taken on the retail side. So altogether, we are hoping that we 
end up the year on the deposit side on a 10% to 12% of growth. And on the advances, our 
ambitions are slightly higher. I think I did mention earlier in response to a call that once the 
growth in the MSME comes back, which is bound to given the kind of initiatives we have done 
and given the kind of pipeline that we currently have across the country and across the centers, 
we expect the MSME to contribute equally to the growth. 
 And we are hoping to close the year with a 15% kind of growth. So it's happening and on both 
sides, the advance growth may be continue to be a little higher than the deposit growth. For 
deposit, we anticipate, like I said, in the 10% to 12%, and advance as closer to 15%. 
Rohan Mehta: I see, I see. Thank You for the input Sir , in the second half of this year, do you see our cost of 
funds stabilizing or reducing since that accelerated some pressure on our NIMs in the first half? 
Salee S Nair: In the second half, I expect this needs to stabilize. In the sense like I was mentioning earlier, the 
repricing of term deposits that we have substantial is it will take a while and as the repricing gets 
passed on because much of quite a bit of repricing on the asset side is has already been absorbed. 
So we expect the NIM to not be stabilized. My personal anticipation is that as we close the year, 
we should be looking at a NIM in the 3.85% to 3.95% kind of range because that i s the kind of 
numbers when I extrapolate I get. 
 So it all depends on again, on the MSME side also, we are consciously looking at how do we 
price our MSME for a final so that we get a larger chunk of the market in areas that we operate. 
So even after accounting for that, I think that we should be in the 3.85% to 3.95% kind of NIM 
in the year. 
Rohan Mehta: I see. That's helpful, sir. Just a couple of more questions. Would you expect our GMRA to move 
a little higher since SMA 2 has also moved up to 1.02% in the coming quarter? 
Salee S Nair: SMA 2, again, it unfortunately was a function of the exercise time in when this quarter closes. 
You had 2 holidays that it was there . So ordinarily, I think, because there was a bit of a spike 
essentially on that count. Going forward, I think I don't see that happening on SMA 2 or SME, 
which I think we are at 3.05%. I think that's the kind of number, I think, perhaps even will be 
even better than, right? 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 It will be even better than that. So I don't anticipate some of them flipping into the NPA status 
going forward. We will continue to keep the NPA , my own reading of it is that it will not go 
beyond Rs. 550 Crores at any case. And as the expansion in advances portfolio happens here as 
a percentage, it should continue going down. 
Rohan Mehta: I see, I see. Sir, just one last question. If you could give some color on since some of our shares 
have been in litigation, any visibility on when there can be some closure on that since it's been 
weighing on our capitalization and valuation? 
Salee S Nair: We did have there was a, either 7th or 9th of July, I forgot which date it is, we the litigants were 
before the High Court and they have postponed it to October for a final closure. So sometime in 
October, that's likely I mean, you can never know on the legal side, how much time it will takes. 
 But what is happening is, see, that is not impacting the bank in any way. So that is something 
that we have ensured. And we have also if you look at the ED’s show cause notices, and we have 
got expert opinion from the top one of the top law firm in the country. And they have stated that 
it's not going to really impact us, even the fact that the show cause notice was for the conversion 
or the issue of bonus shares, which involved no additional funding funds. 
 So I don't think that's going to impact the bank in any way. But we also like you, aware, sir, of 
the issues before the courts. And I'm sure and I really,  really can't put a time frame into that 
given the kind of the time spent that is normally taken into the legal while handling the legal 
remedies, yes. 
Rohan Mehta: Fair enough, sir. Fair Just to close it, you spoke about MSME, sir. So since our SMA 0 and 2 
both have increased, do you see any stress towards MSME? Or if you could give some visibility 
on that. 
Salee S Nair: Like I said, one advantage this bank has, I did mention also that while talking about the GNPA 
that our GNPA is current INR 549 crores is handled covered by collateral to the extent of 108%. 
When the GNPA gets and we are sitting on INR 370 crores of provision. So when the GNPA 
gets resolved, this provision will come back. So that also gives us an advantage in actually 
managing the MSME portfolio itself in the sense that the recourse mechanism is fairly strong. 
 And that, you see it moving between SMA 0, 1, 2, etc, but it never sort of flows into the GNPA. 
And that's something that we have been saying, and its sort of problems come back b etween 
SMA 1 and SMA 2. Some and even in the SMA space itself, it's moving around the 3%. 
 So I don't anticipate a stress in the MSME sector in the current portfolio. And like I said  the 
incremental portfolio that we are looking at, the new additions we ar e looking at, we are you 
know, our LMS And LOS packages are getting implemented. To just add to that, I can also tell 
you that we have just built a business rule engine. We've got a top management consultant of 
the country to help us build the business rule engine, and that's just been completed. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 Now we are in the process of validating the risk modelling that has got into it and trying to 
impact that into the LMS package. And hopefully, by September, I think we should be able to 
do that. And that should improve the quality of the incremental portfolio that the new portfolio 
that we are going to add from that. So the existing portfolio largely will be collaterals, we don't 
have much of an issue there on the stress side. And the incremental portfolio, we are putting in 
place systems to see that the quality is maintained. 
Rohan Mehta: Alright, understood sir. That is reassuring. Thank You for taking my questions. That’s all from 
my side. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank You. The next question is from Anant Mundhra from Mytemple Capital. 
Anant Mundhra: Sir, my first question is, sir, on the agri and retail side, most of our goal loans are gold loans. Is 
that understanding correct? 
Salee S Nair: When you say mostly, your understanding is right. 
Anant Mundhra: Okay, okay. And sir, so MSME, you mentioned that you are implementing the LMS. And Q3, 
Q4, we should start seeing a pickup. But is there any kind of a guidance that you can give us as 
to what number should this scale up to by the time we exit Q4? 
Salee S Nair: See, this implementation that we are on, I did mention that the even without the implementation 
itself, we have strengthened our relationship mechanism, and we have generated a substantial 
pipeline. So quarter 2, we hope to focus on the implementatio n of the LMS. The lowest, of 
course, is when you look at the retail side of it. 
 So LMS, the loan management system, which not really looks at the appraisal side of it. It also 
goes beyond the disbur sement into maintenance of the tech funds as well. So it's going to take 
some time. I think Phase 1 would be here in the first , in the second quarter. And Phase 2, we 
hope to have it in the second and the third. And the third quarter, we hope to complete Phase 2. 
 So despite some disruption that will happen on t hat, I anticipate the MSME growth to be about 
it should be in the 8% to 10% or maybe closer to 10%. That's what we anticipate. And overall, 
with the kind of focus that we are going to bring into the personal segments, the continued focus 
on the gold loan, collectively, we expect the advance's number on a year -on-year basis to ease 
towards the 15% mark. 
Anant Mundhra: Sir, got it. So sir, we are holding on to whatever guidance that you had given last quarter, right? 
There's no change in any of the guidance that you had given us today. 
Salee S Nair: No. No, no. The first quarter, like I said, was an aberration because of the foundation that we 
wanted to lay down for our growth. 
Anant Mundhra: Got it. And sir, even the cost to income, so I mean, there's a pres entation, I think, on Slide 26 
that the cost to income has constantly been going up. 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Salee S Nair: I did I mentioned Anant, I did mention this in my opening remarks that there is the personal 
sorry, performance-based incentive that we usually give to our staff, that last year was amortized. 
In fact, it has been amortized over the years. It has been amortized across 4 quarters over the 
years. And we picked up only INR 8.71 crores of that in the first quarter of last year. This year, 
we have decided to absor b the whole PBI, the performance -based incentive in one shot in the 
first quarter itself. 
 That is INR41 crores plus. If you negate that impact, your cost-to-income ratio would be closer 
to 46. I think something that you can yourself calculate. So that was  INR41 crores that we did. 
And that also impacted the operating profit, that impacted the net profit. Obviously, it had been 
much better at the amortized rate.  There was a constitution that we thought of upfronting the 
entire expenses because this expense actually belongs to the previous year. 
Anant Mundhra: So this I mean, then, of course, this should kind of peak in Q1 and then normalize Q2, Q3, Q4 
onwards. 
Salee S Nair: No. Q2 is once it has been yes, yes. Obviously, obviously. So once it has been absorbed in Q1, 
it gets sanitized off Q2, right? 
Anant Mundhra: Yes. And sir, my final question sorry. Hello? 
Salee S Nair: Yes. Tell me. 
Anant Mundhra: So my final question was, sir, we are taking a lot of initiatives in terms of take initiatives and a 
lot of capex is going on. So I mean, most of these expenses have been capitalized or we are 
expensing it directly from the P&L. 
Salee S Nair: See, the software is being capitalized. Much of what is happening is on the software side. It has 
been capitalized, and it has been capitalized over a 3 -year period. That means 1/3 of it, 33% is 
actually only will impact the P&L in terms of depreciation. So it is being capitalized, and it will 
be extended off over a 3-year period. 
Anant Mundhra: Got it, got it. And sir, did you give some color on the I think we were planning to set up some 
NRI centers and some credit management centers. And I think we had even started some pilot  
on that. So could you give some color on where we are on that front? 
Salee S Nair: Two things. NRI Center, we did the initiative is on. And we have located the place, and the 
infrastructure is getting ready. We are also going into the market. If you might have seen it that 
we are looking for a lead to head the GNFC that the global NRI center, we are looking at it. We 
had just come out with an advertisement. We had 2 rounds, 1 round internally to get the right 
person.So we went out, and there was some bit of an issue on the person we sourced. So we have 
come out again. So that process is on, and I expect that in the second quarter that process to be 
completed. And we would have a global NRI center ready for action. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 Meanwhile, the focus continues across the branches. We need the leaders, so that we get into the 
linkages not only within India, also abroad, so unless that happens. So that is continues to be a 
work in progress. 
 On the CMC, like I said, we have set up the CMC on a pilot basis in Thoothukudi. And I've also 
stated earlier that the leadership for the CMC, the vertical heads and the CMC heads, we have 
appointed across all the 12 regions and while the CMC is getting formalized in the other regions, 
we have told them to move into the market and start looking for MSME business. 
 In the pilot, which is happening in Thoothukudi region, the project is on, and that is where, like 
I said, the centralization of process is working well. It is resulting in some in a fairly sizable or 
a significant reduction in the turnaround time. But like I said, all this can fructify only once the 
platform is there, and that LMS platform is the one we are currently working on. 
 Once the LMS platform is completed in September, the Phase 1, I mentioned, and the CMC pilot 
in Thoo thukudi is on the platform, so that we can test out the platform , and once that is 
completed, I think sometime in October, we will sort of move the CMCs into the other regions 
as well. So while the platform is moved, the infra is already being built, like I said. The leadership 
has already been posted for the kind of take-off that we are hoping to happen in the third quarter. 
Anant Mundhra: Alright Sir. Thank You for the details 
Moderator: Thank You, The next question is from Jay Prakash Kumar from Korman Capital. 
Jay Prakash Kumar: It's a question on SMA account. So if you can elaborate on that? 
Salee S Nair: SMA account? 
Jay Prakash Kumar: Yes. 
Salee S Nair: Well, what specific are we looking at in SMA? 
Jay Prakash Kumar: What is this definition of SMA account? Is it due for some days? Or because restructured, you 
have reported separately. So I just wanted to understand what is SMA? 
Salee S Nair: Are you looking at the definition of SMA? 
Jay Prakash Kumar: Yes, yes. 
Salee S Nair: SMA is essentially per 1 day after 90 days. After that, it becomes NPA. And within that 90-day 
structure, 90-day period, you have up to 30 days of SMA 0, 31 to 60 days of SMA 2 and 60 to 
89 days or 90 days of SMA 3 sorry, SMA 2. SMA 0, 1 and 2, 30  days, 30 days, 30 days, right? 
And 90 days, it becomes NPA. So these are what you're seeing is all in the 90-day bucket. 
Jay Prakash Kumar: Got it, got it. And sir, you mentioned in the last quarter, there is some extra capex you are doing 
in terms of automation and maybe some system implementations. So do you expect this full year 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
to continue that increased capex  or there will be some quarter like and in another quarter not 
have that? 
Salee S Nair: On the IT side, it would continue. Like I said, we have contracted several packages, of which 
some of them have already been implemented in this quarter. On July 7, the customer experience 
package that we have taken from one of the leading software companies in the world i.e. oracle. 
So that has been implemented in the first fortnight of July. 
 So that's aimed at giving the leeway for improving the product per customer and the counters in 
the branches, giving a 360-degree of the customers, so that the customer interaction relationship 
have with a clear  impact on CASA happens. So that is on the CX side. We have implemented 
the VMS package, which is the vendor management system. We spent about INR1,200 crores 
for running the bank. So that package has also been implemented in July, this month. 
 And several others are in the offing. I did mention about the LMS. So the Phase I is on. LOS 
also is on. That is LOS is looking at the retail. LMS is looking at the MSME. That's all, and I 
think the Phase I is likely to be completed in September. 
 And apart from that, we are also looking at the Internet banking. We are completely revamping 
our Internet banking package. Whatever services is available across the counter, we want to 
make it available through the Internet banking package. So EdgeVerve, which is an Infosys  
company, we have contracted them for a complete revamp, which should be ready by December. 
And from January 1, we hope to have it fully launched for the benefit of our customers. So that's 
the other package on. 
 And within the branches, it start to improv e the productivity and reduce the manual way of 
handling it. We have brought in the business process managements. And I think several projects 
are underway. I think some of them have already been done. And we have already started getting 
the benefit of it. I think going forward, I think we hope significant improvement in productivity 
will happen there. 
 Apart from that, we are also looking at the old record, cartonizing and detaching the old records 
and moving it out, so that we revamp some of our branches from a customer's perspective. So a 
lot of initiatives are being taken. I think that's the first set of initiatives I did mention across 
whenever I have calls with the analyst in the last 2, 3 quarters  and that's something on, and we 
will consolidate this for the benefit of our business. 
 We expect the second half to have some impact of it, and that is there that my confidence comes 
from the fact that I can increase the deposit will certainly cross the 10% year -on-year and 
advances will reach closer to 15%. Confidence comes from the fact that some of these initiatives 
are going to give me a leg up in the second half. 
Jay Prakash Kumar: Thank You 
Salee S Nair: Yes 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Moderator: The next question is from Sarthak from Bullseye.  
Moderator: There seems to be no response from Sarthak. We move to the next question.  Next question is 
from Darshan Deora from Indvest Group. 
Darshan Deora: Yes, Thank You for the opportunity, Yes, Firstly, congratulations with a reasonably good set of 
numbers, especially adjusting for the Q1 FY '25 figure as well as the accelerated provisioning 
on the performance incentive, which you've taken in this quarter. My question is for regarding 
the loan m ix. So currently, what percentage of our loan book would be fixed in nature versus 
linked to EBLR versus MCLR? 
Salee S Nair: EBLR, MCLR is about 50% and 50%. 50% EBLR, 50% would be MCLR. 
Darshan Deora: So in terms of fixed yes. In terms of fixed, is it 0, fixed book is 0? 
Salee S Nair: Fixed book are doing what is the extent of fixed book? I think it is negligible, right? I'll get you 
that number, but it is almost entirely is floating split between MCLR book and EBLR book. Like 
I said, the INR45,000 crores is evenly split between the 2. Almost even, I think, but fixed book 
I think is very, very little. Not really good impact. 
Darshan Deora: Got it. And you said that the average the deposits will take about maybe overall like maybe a 
year, 1.5 years to reprice. What about our loan book? Like what is the tenure of our loan book? 
Salee S Nair: The average maturity, I think, I will have to get you that number because you have that number 
this I'll give you that number, Darshan. 
Darshan Deora: Okay. All right. Got it. And ... 
Salee S Nair: You need to get the average maturity of the term loan. I think that's what you're looking for, 
right? 
Darshan Deora: Yes, yes. I mean, it would get repriced anyway. I'm assuming it will get repriced either way. 
Salee S Nair: That's why we look at the term deposits. It's the 6%, as I said, in the 1- to 2-year bucket. Another 
20% in the 6:1. So 86% is in that. But it takes a bit of time. I think that's where the pass-on nature 
of your repo cut impacts. 
Darshan Deora: Got it. And just in terms of the MSME space, you did mention that in terms of your loan book, 
you'd all see stress because of the collateral that you have in place, vis -a-vis the loan amounts 
the outstanding loan amount. But generally speaking, you're seeing a slowdown in cash flows or 
in growth of the MSME sector. 
Salee S Nair: In the MSME, the uniqueness of this bank is that the kind of loyal base that we have been having. 
We are trying to expand beyond that, ensure that and the collateral factor that is build into the 
whole mechanism of credit delivery ensures that even if it gets to a SMA, it sort of toggles back 
into the standard. It keeps moving up and down. 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 On the so that's not much of a worry for us. Our worry is the kind of incremental. When we 
renew a contract of a new MSME business, how do we maintain the same level of quality? 
Obviously, it can't be collateralized to the extent that the existing book is. So to that extent, that 
is one of the reasons why we are investing heavily in the VRP and the kind of LMS packages 
and the linkages that with outside world in terms of data collection, so that  we can cleanse the 
data for quality appraisal. That's something that we will take care. 
 But on the cash flow side, as of now, we have not seen any kind of a lowering of it or an area of 
concern from a cash flow perspective. I think that continues. And le t me also give you that we 
are putting in place a standard monitoring mechanism to study the cash flow from that 
perspective. That's the other one of the other projects that we did talk about, that is coming on -
stream maybe in the third or the fourth quarter. But as of now, we have not seen much of a worry 
there. 
Moderator: Thank You very much. The next question is from Santosh from SKK HUF. 
Santosh: Okay. Great. Sir, I have 2 questions. One is about the you spoke about NIM in the forthcoming 
quarter to be something like 3.85% -3.95%. So what gives of this confidence. So what gives us 
this confidence in the rate reducing scenario when the rate reduction environment and expedient 
our needs are much lower than that? What gives us this confidence? 
Salee S Nair: Yes. See, what we are also trying to do is on the MSME side, we have actually dropped our rates 
to align assets to the market, so that to update any takeover that may happen. And on the see, we 
have a sizable gold loan portfolio that is growing, right? And there, we are introducing in fact, 
if I tell you, we are introducing 18 products cut into separate segments in the gold loan portfolio. 
And this is one portfolio that has been giving us the kind of support and for the profits earlier, 
and we will continue focusing on that. 
 And there, the yield, we anticipated it to be a little higher than what we are getting earlier because 
the new products particularly aimed at the consumption segment will carry a higher rate of 
interest. And I noticed that, that segment is, in fact, growing. So that will help us to whether the 
policy cuts that we are seeing. That is where the confidence comes that we can, in fact, look at 
3.85% up. 
Management: And we are sure about the demand in the gold room. 
Salee S Nair: I'm telling you from the kind of growth I'm seeing it across my branches. 
Santosh: Okay, okay. Second question is about the separate disclosures from gold loan. So what's 
happening is that when you see a presentation, we just see a disclosure for RAMs sector, retail, 
agriculture and MSME. But there is no separate mention on the gold loan amount that's 
outstanding. So any reason for that? Because many other banks do that, and they separately 
disclose gold loan. And then we can understand... 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
    
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Salee S Nair: Yes. I think that's something we can do it next quarter onwards, so that you get a better insight 
anyway. There is no reason. There's no particular reason. This is done and it is done. So if there 
is a demand, we will certainly cater to it. We'll have that done for next quarters onwards. 
Santosh: Okay. That's great. So just now just for the sake of information, what could percentage of total 
RAM portfolio be? 
Salee S Nair: It's a little over 40%, a little over 40%. 
Santosh: Great Sir. Thank you so much and wish you all success. 
Salee S Nair: Thank You 
Moderator: We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the conference back to the 
management team for closing comments. 
Salee S Nair: Yes. Thank you, Rey o. I think, like I said earlier, this first quarter is I look at it more as a 
stabilizing quarter, a quarter that is laying the foundation. And I think the numbers that have 
been delivered, particularly when I look at the deposits, I think I'm satisfied that my branches 
are now beginning to deliver, particularly when I look at the fact that the deposit growth has the 
pace of growth has doubled. 
 The profit space is reasonably good, particularly when I look at the fact that the onetime 
expenditure I have appended it. And again, on the NIM, I think the NIM, I don't think we expect 
the NIM to go down from where it is today. And so the growth around the NIM is likely to push 
up and will generate the profit as it comes in the next few quarters. 
 There are initiatives that are being taken. I hope will result in, and I'm sure it will result in the 
number the growth numbers moving up. I did mention that we expect the deposits to grow in 
excess of 10% and the advances closer to 15%. 
 So I hope my words will be validated by  the performance of the next quarter and the quarters 
that follow. Thank you, thank you all for participating in this analyst meet. And if there are any 
questions separately also, you can take us with us, and we'll be happy to share it. Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank you for 
joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 