===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“CSB Bank Limited  
Q2 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 6, 2025, 04.00 PM IST 
          
 
 
MANAGEMENT:            MR. PRALAY MONDAL 
       MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO - CSB BANK 
 
       MR. B.K. DIVAKARA 
                                         EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - CSB BANK 
 
                                         MR. SATISH GUNDEWAR 
           CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - CSB BANK 
  
 
 
          ANALYST:           MR. SHIVAJI THAPLIYAL 
                                      YES SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the CSB Bank's Q2  FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by YES Securities. As a reminder, all participan t lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call , please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that th is conference is being 
recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shivaji Thapliyal from YES Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: Thank you, Bhoomika. Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to all th ose who have joined the 
call. The CSB Bank management is represented by Mr. Pralay Mondal, Managing Director and 
CEO; Mr. B.K. Divakara, Executive Director; and Mr. Satish Gundewar, Chief Financial 
Officer. We specifically thank the management of CSB Bank for giving YE S Securities the 
opportunity to host their result call. The management will first be making some opening remarks, 
after which, we will throw the floor open for questions. I now invite the m anagement to make 
their opening remarks. Pralay, over to you. 
Pralay Mondal: Thank you, Shivaji, and good evening, everybody. Thank you for joining the call. Firstly, I will 
cover briefly about the economic scenario and then quickly move on  to CSB specifics. We all 
know that the global trade negotiations across various countries hav e shown significant 
improvement in the recent past. It gives financial market some stability a nd hopes of returning 
to normalcy in a couple of months. FOMC has cut U.S. rates by 25 basis poi nts. However, the 
commentary by the FED Chairman was more hawkish than expected, leading  to USD 
appreciation and some correction in the gold prices. Global growth focus remains subdued.  
Indian growth is expected to add approximately 20 bps over previous projections due to GST 
rate cuts and steps taken by the Central Bank. The inflation forecast has been revised downwards, 
however, the projections for the next year are around 4%. The deposit growth lagged the credit 
growth in the system in September '25, showing signs of credit pickup . The CD ratio for the 
banking system went above 80% after around 6 months. The contin uous lag in deposit growth 
has impacted the banking sector NIM significantly. 
 We expect the banking system NIM to stabilize soon and we also expect th e liquidity to remain 
easy once RBI takes decisions on cutting rates further this financial year.  
Coming to CSB specifics on our quarterly financial results for Q2, I feel that we have registered 
an impressive all-around performance on a Y-o-Y as well as Q-o-Q ba sis, both in terms of top 
line and bottom line. 
 On the profitability side, net profit for Q2 FY '26 stood at INR160 c rores up by 16% Y-o-Y and 
35% Q-o-Q. Operating profit of the bank for Q2 FY '26 grew by 39% on a Y-o-Y basis and 27% 
on Q-o-Q basis and stood at INR279 crores. 
 NII up by 15% and 12% on a Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q basis, respectively . Other income registered a 
robust growth of 75% on a Y-o-Y basis and 43% on a Q-o-Q basis and constituted 24% of total 
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
income for Q2 FY '26. Cost-to-income ratio was at 63.86% for Q2 FY '26, a tad lower than Q2 
FY '25 and Q1 FY '26. NIM for the quarter improved to 3.81%, up  by 27 bps over Q1 FY '26. 
ROA for the quarter ended September stood at 1.33%, up by 30 basis points over Q1 FY '26. 
Bank is holding the contingency provisions intact and is continuing wit h the accelerated loan 
provisioning policy, which will enable the bank to move quickly towards ECL. 
 On the liabilities front, we are improving the funding base. Deposit g rowth momentum continues 
to be faster than the industry and registered an increase of 25% Y-o-Y vis-a-vis a 10% for the 
industry. CASA growth was 9% Y-o-Y and the CASA ratio stands at 21.17%. We have sufficient 
liquidity buffers and are maintaining LCR at comfortable levels. Liquidity is quite efficiently 
managed. CD ratio stood at 88%, average LCR for the quarter is at 1 26% and NSFR ratio is at 
116%.  
On the asset side, total advances grew by 29% Y-o-Y, significantly higher than industry growth 
of 11.4% Y-o-Y. All the asset verticals continue to contribute to the p ortfolio growth. The 
necessary groundwork for diversification of loan portfolio has been initiated and will pave way 
for balanced growth in the days to come. Yields on advances witnessed an uptick of 22 bps over 
Q1 FY '26 and currently is at 10.95%. 
 On the asset quality metrics, GNPA and NNPA ratios for the quarter was at 1 .81% and 0.52% 
as against 1.84% and 0.66%, respectively, for Q1 FY '26. PCR now stands at 84.14% with PWO 
and 71.62% without PWO, improving over Q1 ratios of 80.46% and 64.52% respectively. Bank 
is cumulatively holding a provisioning buffer of around INR 199 crores over and above the 
regulatory requirements.  
Robust capital base is what we have been consistently maintaining. We have a CRAR of 20.99% 
and Tier 1 ratio of 19.19% with a low proportion of credit risk weighted assets compared to the 
industry, primarily due to the gold loans. 
 On Shareholder value creation side - Book value per share is improv ed and stood at INR 261. 
EPS for the quarter is INR 36.67 and ROE for the quarter is at 14.46%, which is again a 
significant improvement quarter-on-quarter. On the distribution side, we have a network of 838 
branches and 810 ATMs as on 30/9/2025. 
 In conclusion, I would like to say that we are approaching our scale journey scheduled for FY 
'27, targeting to emerge as a respectable midsized bank by FY 2030. I had mentioned in my last 
call that our team's highest priority during the previous quarter was on  stabilization of the 
systems and processes that followed our complex CBS migration in May. Now we have almost 
stabilized and in fact commenced the second phase of the tech transformation with renewed rigor 
which majorly covers OFSAA, OBTFPM,OBDX enhancements and various other pr ojects we 
are starting -like CMS, Supply chain, Trade  systems  etc  in addition  to the fifty plus surround 
systems we have already integrated with the Flexcube system - which mean s that this is one of 
the major transitions and transformations we have seen in the industry over many years, coming 
from a legacy system to the most modern system with many surround system s around it. This 
will pave the way for our future growth.  
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
The results for Q2 reflects a strong momentum, both in terms of business and p rofitability, 
signalling the right advancement towards our vision. Our top line, both deposits and advances 
showed a strong Y-o-Y growth of 25% and 29%, respectively. The improvement in profitability 
is visible with the 39% and 16% increase in operating profit and net profit, respectively, over 
Q2 FY '25, whereas over Q1 FY '26, the growth was 27% and 35%. While our NII grew by 15% 
on a Y-o-Y basis, the other income ratio registered a 75% increase, as mentioned before.  
As we move forward, the development of a profitable customer franchise is essential for the 
success of our vision. We are actively working to align our teams, pro ducts and processes to 
support this strategic priority, which will be critical in driving growth. Our key focus now will 
be on rolling out the retail journey with the systems and proce sses in place, as it will enable us 
to achieve granularity in our portfolio and unlock valuable cross sell and upsell opportunities. 
As part of the preparedness, we have already implemented LOS for majority of the retail asset 
products. LMS is already in place. Automation/ Scorecards are in place for c redit decisioning, 
wherever feasible. We are enhancing our BIU, which is business intelligence unit.  Digitization 
of loan journey, product offerings like Loan against securities, e nd use based consumer loans, 
etc are work in progress. While we remain focused on our long-term strategic priorities, we are 
equally committed to achieving this year's targets and will continue to work diligently to deliver 
on those expectations. 
 Finally, I'll say that our 5 pillars on which we are building the Bank  for the long term, starting 
with governance, compliance, customer orientation, technology and people or culture are firmly 
in place, and I'm very happy to report that these pillars are getting stronger and stronger, 
especially technology, compliance, culture and governance. 
 On the customer service side, we got two awards as the No.1 bank in terms of best customer 
complaint management. These are small achievements at this point of ti me because the size is 
small, but we think we will be able to sustain this based on the techn ology transformation and 
the culture which we are building in the bank. 
 With that, I will stop here and we will take questions. I am joined b y our Executive Director, 
Mr. Divakara and our CFO, Satish. I have requested Satish to take data questions as he has better 
grip on numbers. Over to you, Shivaji. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Akshat Ag rawal from Smiths 
Institutional Research. Please go ahead.  
Akshat Agrawal: Congrats on a strong set of numbers. My first question is on margins. What is driving this sharp 
uptick in yields on advances surging 22 bps sequentially? Is it all because of higher gold loan 
growth? Or were there higher yields in the segment? 
 The cost of deposits came down by 6 bps. What kind of deposit repr icing is left for third quarter? 
In terms of NIM trajectory, how do you see it moving in next 2 quarters? Th en will there be a 
continued expansion if there are no further cuts? Do we see exit NIM by  Q4 to be above 4%? 
That was my first question, sir. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Satish Gundewar: Akshat, this is Satish here. We have multiple questions bundled into one single question. I will 
try to address one by one. In terms of the advan ces yield, we have businesses divided into 4 
segments -  Gold being the largest one with 47% composition in our advances. We have not only 
seen that the portfolio has increased very strongly, at the same time, there has been improvement 
in our gold yields as well. That is one of the contributors.  
Apart from that, our wholesale segment has done exceedingly well and the book has grown very 
strongly, and we have been able to marginally improve the yields also in the segment. 
 The next larger book is BLG i.e., Business Lending Group or the SME. There again, we have 
been able to maintain our yields. Basically, with the combination of these portfolios doing well 
in terms of the top line as well as the margins in terms of the gross yields, we have been able to 
improve our overall yield trajectory. 
 Secondly, in the overall portfolio, only around 38% of the p ortfolio is linked to some form of 
the benchmark, which is either MCLR or EBLR. Whenever the rate cut happe ns, the impact, 
especially on the gross yields is limited for our overall portfolio compared to other banks where 
this external benchmark linked portfolio is much higher. Almost 60% of our portfolio is largely 
fixed rate portfolio. Hence, we get insulated there. Coming to the cost o f funds, within cost of 
funds, we have multiple sources of funding - deposits, refinance etc.  We have also resorted to 
CD as well as FCY borrowing. Overall, our bulk deposit composition is a little larger compared 
to the industry. Across each of our funding sources, we have seen signs of reduction in our cost 
of funds. In fact, what we are seeing is that -- the interest rates on the bulk deposit have been 
falling, I would say sharply compared to the retail deposits. That has also benefitted us. In terms 
of the bulk deposits as well as the retail deposits, we have seen that  incrementally what we are 
borrowing today - we have seen a fall in the cost of funds. Basically , that impact has been on 
both the sides in this quarter - we have been able to improve our yields and at the same time, we 
have seen an improvement in the cost of funds, and that has had an impact on our net interest 
margin.  
 Last quarter, we had made a comment that our NIMs have bottomed ou t and this has really 
played out properly. At the moment, we are at 3.81% of NIM. Going forward, probably we will 
be in this range of about 3.7% to 3.9% for the rest of the year, it may move from  quarter- to-
quarter. It will be very difficult to really pinpoint the full year NIM, however for the rest of the 
year, we feel that we will be in the similar range of 3.7% to  3.9%. 
Pralay Mondal: On the NIM, I just want to add that natural repricing is happening bec ause of tenor . W e had 
strategically moved from a high tenor to low tenor deposits over the last 18 months in the bank. 
Hence, our average tenor has reduced. It was a strategic call that we have taken as we knew that 
interest rates are going to fall eventually. That will help us. 
 We see that the fixed retail deposit rates are not coming down at this poi nt of time anymore. 
Maybe it is a temporary phenomenon or permanent- that we will k now based on the liquidity 
and other reasons, which are systemic in nature. Yields are falling on, especially on the 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
wholesale side. There has been a very highly competitive market. Probably that  is bringing the 
growth also back into the system. 
 From here on, I think broadly the repricing that is going to ha ppen on deposits  and the MCLR 
has also started kicking in because now it is almost 6 -7 months since rate cut. Given that I think 
it will broadly be in the same range of 3.7% to closer to 4% or 3.90%. That range will be there. 
It has exactly played out the way we had told last quarter that our NIM will improve, but now 
we are saying it will stabilize at these kind of levels. 
Akshat Agrawal: Very well, sir. On fee income, it was very strong this quarter, doubling ye ar-on-year and 80% 
Q-o-Q. Can we get some colour on key drivers? Is it sustainable? Tre asury income was very 
weak, so do we see some recovery going forward? 
Satish Gundewar: In terms of the fee income, we have got multiple sources. If you track for the last several quarters, 
our fee income trajectory  has been pretty strong. This quarter also, our disbursement track was 
very good and that has resulted into good processing fee income. One of the main sources of our 
fee income is processing fee income that has grown to almost 83% year on year. 
 Second is our insurance business, which is doing very strong, bot h in terms of the number of 
policies and the premium income. That has also grown very strongly . Other aspects of fee 
income - because we are now well establishing our wholesale banking business, transaction 
banking is a vertical which is also giving us a good fee income . Across various lines, we have 
seen that fee income has grown, and these are all granular kind of fee income, which we expect 
will sustain over a period of time. 
 Your next question was in terms of the treasury income. Treasury income  is again a derivation 
of the yields in the market, and during this quarter we have seen some h ardening of yields and 
that is why for most of the banks, you would not find much of a treasury income. We had booked 
some treasury income in the first quarter. In this quarter, there was not much  of a treasury 
income. At the moment, it is difficult to comment in terms of the yield trajectory. But let us see 
how the yields move and basis that treasury income may come in the next quarter. 
Pralay Mondal: If I can just add, I think fundamentally treasury income, obviously is a function of yield. But 
even if there are further rate cuts in Q3 or Q4, I do not see too much of an MTM based treasury 
income in Q3 also. Maybe some will come in Q4 if we are lucky. But we are not fully depending 
on non-core income like treasury. Around 80% of our fees are gra nular in nature and hence, 
sustainable for the long term. With retail assets and other businesses going to take off from next 
year i.e., FY '27, sustainability of this fee income will only improve from FY '28 onwards,  
The other thing I want to mention is fee income from businesses like gold loans. Because of the 
short tenor of the business - For example, if we have a book of INR16,0 00 crores rough and 
ready, our disbursement is upwards of INR10,000 crores and the fees is on disbursements. 
 Similarly, we had a strong disbursement quarter across all businesses, whether it  is SME or 
Wholesale - that also helped us in getting the processing fees in a big way. Hence there are 
multiple avenues. There are streams like liability fee, TFX fee etc. which also has done well, 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
and it will continue to do well. Hence,  from all of that perspective, I think whatever fee income 
we are seeing, it may not grow every quarter by 40% and all , but I think we will sustain and we 
can bake in around 19% to 20% of our overall income as fee income safely right now. That is 
the momentum we have picked up. 
Akshat Agrawal: Right, sir. If I could just squeeze in 1 more question. Opex growth was very high, driven by non-
staff expense while cost-to-income ratio looks okay. Cost as a percentage of assets increased to 
4%. With technology transformation now broadly complete with focus on sta bilization and 
branches just increasing forward in the quarter. What is driving this elevated opex? How do we 
see for the rest of the year? In terms of the branch ramp-up, I mea n, will we resume like 100 
branches a year kind of thing for next year or for the second half? 
Pralay Mondal: I think we are somewhere around 23% opex growth for the half yea r on a year- on-year basis, 
which is pretty tough when you are growing the balance sheet by 27%. Let us not forget that we 
are investing into the bank at this point of time and full paybac k will start happening from  FY 
'27 or FY '28 onwards. Hence the cost to income as per our previous guidance, will be between 
60% to 65% for another year or so. After that, it will start coming down and FY '28 onwards, it 
will sharply start coming down. 
 Given that perspective, on the operating cost side - 22 % sequential growth quarter on quarter is 
slightly high. Let us not forget that some of these technology costs are also opex costs. They are 
not all capex and a fair bit of it is opex, including the AMCs  etc which has started kicking in. 
Typically, somewhere around 8% to 9% of our overall opex will alway s be technology related  
and CIR will improve once we start picking up the income by leveraging the systems. I think we 
will stabilize that.  
On the branches, we will add around 50 to 60 branches at this point of time on an average every 
year because we are pretty much reaching the critical mark of 1,000 branches, which we wanted 
to reach and then take a stock of situation and then we will think from there.  
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. 
Mona Khetan: Firstly, on the fee side, I wanted to understand the contribution of processing fees to this overall 
fee. The reason I am trying to harp on this is because a 2.8% of assets, it is way higher than what 
we see in the industry, even for the large banks. Does it include any syndication income as well 
this quarter? 
Pralay Mondal: Mona, Pralay here. As I said before, around 80% is granular and sustaina ble. We may not be 
able to grow this much because I answered your question partially by  saying that disbursement 
has been very high this quarter and processing fee is a function o f disbursement. As the 
regulatory guidance on re-pledger/s has kicked in for the banks, we ha ve taken a very 
conservative view and we have started degrowing that portfolio. Henc e you will see that our 
retail advances has come down. One of the reasons I have already d isclosed before that retail 
includes a fair bit of the repledge business, which we  called as Loan Against Security. We are 
running down that portfolio based on our conservative view of the RBI policy interpretation and 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
we would like to bring down the portfolio as much as possible by nex t April. We are not 
renewing anymore, and it has already started running off. We have got a growth of 37% on gold 
loan in spite of the fact that a fair bit of runoff has started in LAS, wh ere you do not get much 
fees. We are replacing it is by granular businesses where the fees are much higher. That is one.  
Secondly, I think our TFX business has started doing extremely well a nd as on the wholesale 
side - we have started getting businesses contributing to TFX and some of the other granular 
fees. Treasury fee is not much. Hence primarily, it is granular fees and it is sustainable. On your 
specific question on syndication, we are working on some, but this quarter we have not done any 
syndication. 
Mona Khetan: If I could understand, out of this INR 343 Crs, what is the component of processing fee? 
Pralay Mondal: We do not give detailed breakup on this.  
Mona Khetan: But sir, because there is such a material part of your ROA, if you could start giving some clarity 
as part of the presentation on your fee bit as well. I think that will clear a lot of doubts as to  
where this is coming from. 
Pralay Mondal: I said this is granular. Like a lot of people had doubts that last quarter when I said that our NIM 
has bottomed out, but we have proved it. So, trust us, it is granular. 
Mona Khetan: Sure. But I mean, this kind of number, we do not see in the industry, even for the stand-alone 
gold finances, we barely see any material fee line. So, it is a little hard to digest. Secondly, on 
the ECL transition, just some quick thoughts from you. Also, if you could share the SMA 0/1/2, 
if possible, that is useful. 
Satish Gundewar: Mona, Satish here. On the bank policy on NPA, the provisioning  policy that we follow for 
nonperforming assets is much more accelerated compared to the RBI guidelines. Over and above 
that, we also carry some contingency provision, which we have specified in our earlier calls. We 
carry a substantial amount of additional provision compared to what the current norm suggests. 
We have been also submitting our proforma financials, which are based on IndAS norms to RBI. 
 The draft ECL guidelines also talk about various minimum base level pro vision, especially on 
the SMA book and all that. At the same time, we have some exce ss provisions. Largely, our 
assessment is that one will set off against the other and there would not be any material impact 
to start with when the ECL guidelines come into play. Even now, these are draft guidelines, and 
the banks have submitted their suggestions to the regulator and the final guidelines are yet to 
come in. At this stage, it will be too premature to really quantify in terms of what is the final 
impact that is going to come. But our initial assessment suggests that the impact is not going to 
be material for our bank. 
Pralay Mondal: Mona, if I can just add that SMA book, whether stage 1, stage 2 - whatever you call it, you must 
understand that we have a large gold portfolio in that . If you go theoretically and put exact 
numbers to the SMA book, primarily based on gold loans, which will  not give the real picture. 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Even if you take the real picture theoretically what it is, it has no materia l impact as it is easily 
covered by our contingency/accelerated provision. 
 Having said that, obviously, once this rule kicks in, we will not have  large SMA book in gold 
because if you can collect on 80th day, we can collect on 30th day also. From that perspective, 
depending on what the priority of the bank is based on regulation, we will do it. We are still not 
seeing any major impact on ECL based on our internal calculations here. Bu t let the guidelines 
get formally firmed up and then it will be a better time to discuss that. 
Mona Khetan: Sure. We had 3 SME slippages last quarter. Is it fair to understand that two of them have already 
been recovered and just some colour on that? 
Pralay Mondal: I had said last time that one of the major slippages which we had last time was more technical 
in nature and within the first 10 or 15 days of the quarter, we had recovered a large amount from 
those accounts and to that extent, we are seeing that our NPA numb ers and related ratios are a 
little better. W e were comfortable and confident, and I do not know whether I told you i n the 
last analyst meet or not, that we will be able to recover , which happened. Conversations are 
going on for the pending ones and we are pretty positive about it. 
Mona Khetan: Got it. Finally, on the PCR, there was a sharp rise. Is it more driv en by higher provisioning 
requirement for unsecured loans or unsecured delinquency or how do we read the rise in PCR? 
Satish Gundewar: In the overall portfolio, unsecured retail portfolio share is less than 3%. We have a small 
portfolio to say - MFI, personal loan, education loan – which are very insignificant portfolio. It 
is not on account of that. But as a bank, we have taken a call to accelerate our provision on some 
of these accounts. Hence it was a management decision to accelerate this prov ision, and that is 
the reason the PCR has improved. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vansh Solanki from RSPN Ventures. 
Vansh Solanki: My question is on net worth - you announced having the INR1 60 crores of profit, but my net 
worth increased by approx. INR50, INR60 crores only. So is there any o ne-off or revaluation 
reserve or something like that, why my net worth has not increased. 
Satish Gundewar: If you remember, last year, RBI implemented this new investment guidelines. E arlier, in the 
AFS portfolio - any MTM used to directly go to the P&L. Now in that AFS portfolio - any MTM 
goes to AFS reserve and AFS reserve forms part of the Tier 1 capital. Any kind of MTM pluses 
and minus go and sit into the AFS reserve. This quarter, the yields have gone up.  That is the 
reason while the profit has grown sharply, the impact gets muted at the c apital level due to the 
MTM, which goes into the AFS reserves. That is all temporary because ultima tely, it is not a 
realized gain or loss. This will flow into the P&L only when the r ealization happens. This will 
keep happening based on the yield movements of the AFS portfolio. 
Vansh Solanki: Yes. the other question is on my TD and increment al cost of borrowing -  what is our highest 
rate of TD as of now? 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Satish Gundewar: On term deposit – somewhere around 7% is our highest rate. That is all in public domain. 
Vansh Solanki: Yes. We have also decreased the borrowing by INR1,000 crores from INR5,000 to INR4,000 
approx. Is it just strategically in nature or we have got so much term deposits in our bank so that 
we repay the borrowing, which is at higher cost? Is that the reason for that? 
Satish Gundewar: No such specific reason. Ultimately, it is the ALM management based on  what is the demand, 
and we do not want to take deposits or borrowings and keep it in, say, government securities and 
things like that. But overall, in the borrowings, there are 2 compon ents - One is our refinance 
borrowing, and other FCY borrowings. Some of the refinance and other borrowings has matured 
during the quarter, and that is reason that the overall borrowings probably has seen a fall. But 
overall, from an ALM perspective, we manage that effectively in term s of whether we want to 
go in for borrowing or for deposits. 
Vansh Solanki: Okay. Just on the credit cost part that we are taking so much additional provisions continuously 
from last 1, 2 quarters at least. So, what the management is looking  at as full year credit cost 
from quarter 3 and 4 onwards, are we deciding not to take additional provision or our provisions 
will continue in line of 0.5%, 0.6% credit cost? 
Pralay Mondal: Let me take this. Our PCR without write off has always been in the 70% plus range historically. 
That is where our comfort zone is - 70% to 75% which is what I have guided in past also. Because 
of these one or two specific slippages which happened last year, the PCR went down to  64% - 
65% in that range, which was not comfortable to us. We looked at a n opportunity to raise the 
PCR back to around 70% to 75%, which is our comfort zone. Once we have reached there - like 
CD ratio where our comfort zone is 85% to 90% -  we have reached around our comfort zone. I 
think we would like to sustain in this zone at this point of time. 
 On the credit cost, GNPA has come down by 3 basis points. NNPA has come do wn quarter-on-
quarter from 0.66% to 0.52% and credit cost has remained similar quarter- on-quarter, 53 basis 
points. We are trying hard to get some recoveries done and bring it down below 50 basis points, 
but it will probably remain in that range- say  between 40 to 50 bps. That is where our attempt 
is at this point of time. 
Vansh Solanki: Okay. So GNPA/NNPA has reduced and also our PCR is approx. 72% as of  now. Can you just 
say from quarter 3 and 4 onwards, the credit cost will not be higher as much as the quarter 1 and 
2 in the second half. 
Pralay Mondal: It will not reach there because some of the unsecured loans/ MFI and some accounts of the other 
portfolio have slipped. Though that portion of our portfolio is small, because we  have started 
reducing this portfolio size sometime back - but nevertheless, they c ontinue. From that 
perspective, I think this year, anything around 40 to 50 bps is where we position ourselves. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Shivaji Thapliyal from YES Securities. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: I have two questions. I would like to sort of get a sense of how the bank is going to look like on 
a steady-state basis from an asset quality and from a growth perspectiv e? I mean firstly, on 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
growth, we have a small base and we are growing faster than the system. So how far out into the 
future are we going to grow at relatively faster pace ? What kind of CAGR can we really expect 
from a maybe 3-year standpoint? That is one question.  
Secondly, I think we have obviously grown quite healthily on the gold loan front and may be we 
are still piloting on retail and other areas. But nevertheless, where can the steady state sort of 
slippage ratio be settled at for the business model we are trying to build? What will be the steady 
state credit cost for that business model? Those are my two questions. 
Pralay Mondal: Thanks, Shivaji, for your questions. Firstly, on the growth front, it will be primarily driven how 
well, we can build our liability franchise because growing on the  asset side is not challenging 
for us at this point of time because we already have a strong lever in gold and gold growth is not 
going anywhere. 
 The wholesale, specially the real wholesale, which is the corporate banking - Mid  market or 
Commercial banking is growing at a hectic pace because the base is small there. This year, the 
growth on the wholesale side, which is around 33% on a year-on-year basis  actually happened 
in spite of the fact that our entire DA portfolio has come down to around INR40 crores right 
now, which will eventually will not be there at the end of the yea r, which was more than 
INR1,000 crores at some point of time. 
 Our  DA and LCBD portfolio has come down significantly. Our FIPS  book which is the NBFCs 
and all, and which used to be a large part of our bo ok, we have not grown this year so far-may 
be we will start growing again. We are realigning the entire corporate banking book in a different 
way. Hence, growth in corporate banking will be higher than wh at you are seeing right now 
because of these noises, which are there in the system. 
 On the SME side, we have been a little cautious in the last one or two quarters because of various 
ecosystem related issues, deals etc which have talked about with the exports coming under some 
kind of pressure. Hence, we are watching that space. Growth is anyway  coming but  we have 
been a little cautious on that side. Once we have clarity on the  deals and the exports and some 
of the SME markets, we will get back because we have the levers to press that growth again. 
 On the retail side, we are having the systems now. Hence from next year onwards, we will start 
building the retail, both on the liability and the asset franchise and the customer acquisition. The 
real part of the retail banking will start next year, because on the systems that we had, we could 
not have built those kind of businesses. Now we have it and now we can build it. From an overall 
perspective, growth of around 25% to 30% is a no-brainer for us fr om an asset perspective; but 
it will be constrained by the liquidity and the other situations in  the ecosystem. We have to 
balance between LCR, NIM , growth, etc. That will be the constraint. 
 If you are able to build up a good deposit franchise, we will be ab le to grow easily between 25% 
to 30% for sustainable future. Though future is uncertain,  at least till 2030, we will be able to 
grow because with larger base , the growth levers will become bigger accelerators for our 
wholesale, retail and SME. That is on the growth front.  
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
The second question was on credit cost. ON Credit cost , we have given a long-term guidance 
between 40 to 50 basis points. Sometimes it will be higher, sometimes it will be lower, but 
broadly, we will be in that range. Now since Wholesale/SME book also being a material part of 
the portfolio, an account can swing a small balance sheet. But generally, on a yearly basis, we 
should remain between 40 to 50 basis points, and that has been my long-term guidance.  
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Yash Dantewadia from Dante Equity. 
Yash Dantewadia: Congratulations on a great set of numbers. What I would like to know is have you -- I am sorry, 
I missed the first 10 minutes of the call. Have you given a trajectory for the cost to income for 
the next financial year? 
Pralay Mondal: I think we have always given that we will be between 60% to 65% in  that range. From FY '27 
onwards it will start coming down sharply. 
Yash Dantewadia: Right. With the cost of funds, how is that going to move, especially  if you are factoring in one 
more rate cut? 
Pralay Mondal: Two things will happen there. One is the long-term borrowing book will start eventually coming 
down on the repricing. Deposit cost is also a function of liquidity and if there is enough liquidity 
in the system then because we are a little more wholesale funded, we will get more benefits in 
the short term. But that is not our strategy. Our strategy is to build a retail franc hise. But in the 
short term, it is benefitting us. Having said that, I think the cost of funds trajectory will now go 
down because of the repricing of the deposits. Fresh retail deposit rates are not coming down. I 
discussed this in the beginning of the call.  
The yield drop will follow the rate cut on the EBLR. The dip on the MCLR portfolio will happen 
irrespective of the rate cut because it is still going through the 100  basis point rate cut 
transmission and it is halfway through. If there is one more rate cut, then EBLR portfolio gets 
impacted immediately. But the good thing is that our fixed rate business is a round 60%. EBLR 
and MCLR linked portfolio is around 39% - 40%. To that extent, o ur impact will be slightly 
lesser. On the balance, I think between cost of funds and yield reduction, it will be sort of moving 
in parallel line to a great extent. 
Yash Dantewadia: All right. I think most of our loan growth is obviously coming from gol d loan currently, right? 
Gold prices have done very well in the last 2 years. So that has obviously been a driver for us to 
disburse more amount of money. You said gold loan growth is not going anywhere. I heard that 
particular statement. Let us say gold prices do not move and stay consolid ate around here. Are 
we still expecting the momentum to continue? And if not, where is the next leg of growth going 
to come for CSB Bank other than gold loan, where else are we focusing and putting our energy 
towards? 
Pralay Mondal: If you look at gold price, it has only gone up in the last 1 or 2  years. But if you look at 
sustainability of our gold growth over the last 3, 4 years, take aside th e FY '22 because of the 
LTV impact from 90% to 75%. Our sustainability of the gold growth has been uniform. 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
 What I see in the ecosystem is, ecosystem has run by 120%, we have still grown by, say, 36%, 
37%. When ecosystem is growing much lesser, we are still growing at tha t rate. We do a very 
planned kind of an activity and we have brought down our LTV based on the sensitivity analysis. 
We are not chasing the growth on gold loan based on where the markets are. Our tonnage growth 
on a year-on-year basis is 4%. But I have this theory that tonnage growth will co me back once 
gold prices starts going down because ultimately, the customer will need that much money for 
his cash flow or for his working capital or whatever. A lot of gold loan businesses has started 
happening on the SME side and working capital side and just not for consumption purpose. 
Hence the flavour of the gold loan business is changing. I think we are playing to that to a great 
extent because if you see our number of accounts have come down, but our overall business has 
gone up significantly, especially in gold loan. 
Yash Dantewadia: That is a sign that a huge portion like the tonnage growth that you pointed out. And you also 
pointed out that the number of accounts have not grown in line with the disbursements. Do you  
think that is a sign that our loan growth is coming from gold prices, hence, people are borrowing 
more? 
Pralay Mondal: Probably, I could not explain it properly. Please hear me again. I am saying that the tonnage has 
grown but customers have not grown. What it means is tonnage per customer is also growing at 
a time when prices are going significantly higher. 
 My theory here is like this, that a customer needs INR100, he will give lesser tonnage i.e., lesser 
grams of gold he has to give. But if you need to INR100 when prices comes down, customer 
will give more gold. That is the segment we operate. That is why we a re growing at a similar 
kind of rate at which we were growing before, but the market has grown multiple fold. We have 
not chased that growth. 
 Coming to your impact on growth, the answer is No. On the overall even if price comes down  
as our LTV is very good - we are not taking a ny risk on the LTV. Hence, even in a difficult 
situation, where industry which is growing at a fast pace, in case there  is a risk, we will be 
actually having a risk free kind of a portfolio, and hence, we can continue to grow. 
 That is one. Secondly, we are not dependent only on gold lo an business. Our wholesale is 
growing, which I just explained, our SME is growing, our retail will start growing from next 
year. Hence asset growth is least of my worries at this point of time. 
Yash Dantewadia: But sir, in retail, what are we going to focus? 
Pralay Mondal: Retail – primarily we will focus on vehicles, CV, CE, LAP, LAS and those kind of busine sses. 
Our Agri portfolio has stabilized. Now we will start building our Agri portfoli o again, which is 
KCC/tractors, those kind of businesses.  We are still not comfortable that much with the 
unsecured business and unsecured we will do primarily in-house with ou r existing customers, 
which we will start building. That is where the plan is. Basically, produc tive assets in retail 
where we have our end use understanding. 
Yash Dantewadia: It is right. Where do you see our gold loan by 2030 as a total percentage of our AUM? 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
  CSB Bank Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Pralay Mondal: Yes. There, I have changed my view slightly on this one. Previous ly, I used to say it is around 
20%, but a new segment is coming up in gold business, which we want to address, which is the 
SME segment. That is why when I say ticket size is going up not by value, but by the requirement 
of the customer. It need not be for personal consumption alone.  There could be a specific end 
use, for which people are taking money through gold loans with  higher ticket sizes, viz  INR 5 
lakh and INR10 lakh things like that. That is a segment which is evolving right now. Given that, 
I would say that, that is almost like SME business with a loan against collateral. That is a segment 
which is coming up which we are especially going to focus on now because I think that is a very 
good segment. The yields may be slightly lower, but that is a good business to be in. I think we 
should be somewhere upwards of 25%, but below 30% is what our plans a re in gold loan by 
2030, especially because I think this 5%-7% growth incremental mix will happen from this 
particular SME kind of a segment who will use gold as a collateral. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today's call. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Pralay Mondal: Thank you for your participation, and thank you for a great se t of questions. I believe that we 
had a very good quarter. But I am more excited with the kind of  technology transformation 
journey we took for completely rebooting the bank again. The kind of work which has happened 
on the technology side is kind of giving us a lot of satisfaction and happiness. We hope that we 
can build the bank in a very different trajectory, including franchise  businesses, Retail, SME, 
Wholesale and of course Gold, which remains as a key product for us. Thank you very much for 
participating and look forward to seeing you again in next qua rter. Thank you. Have a good 
evening. 
Moderator: On behalf of YES Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 