===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
Karnataka Bank Ltd.     
                                                                                                                                 Your Family Bank, Across India 
 
                                               Regd. & Head Office Phone  : 0824-2228183 
                              P. B. No.599, Mahaveera Circle      E-Mail : comsec@ktkbank.com 
                                                              Kankanady    Website : www.karnatakabank.bank.in  
                                              Mangaluru – 575 002  CIN : L85110KA1924PLC001128                                                                                                                     
 
SECRETARIAL DEPARTMENT 
        HO:SEC: 44:2026-27                                                                                     Date:    27.05.2026                                                                                                                                         
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI - 400051 
The Manager 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
MUMBAI - 400001 
 
NSE Scrip Code: KTKBANK BSE Scrip Code: 532652 
 
 
Madam / Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4FY26 Earnings’ Audio Conference Call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 15 (b) of Para A of Part A of Schedule III and 
Regulation 46 (2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith the transcript of the post results analysts / 
institutional investors audio conference call held on Wednesday, May 20, 2026, on the 
Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Bank for the quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
The same is also made available on the Bank’s website under the following web link: 
https://karnatakabank.bank.in/investors/quarterly-results  
This is for your kind information and dissemination. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
Sham K 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
Page 1 of 17 
  
 
“The Karnataka Bank Limited  
Q4 & FY 2025-26 Financial Results Conference Call” 
May 20, 2026 
Management: Mr. Raghavendra S Bhat  – Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer  
 Mr. Raja B S – Chief Operating Officer  
 Mr. Chandra Shekar – Chief Business Officer  
 Mr. Vinaya Bhat P J – Chief Compliance Officer  
 Mr. Vijayakumar P H – Chief Financial Officer  
 Mr. Jayanagaraja Rao S – GM ( Inspection and Internal 
Audit and Internal Vigilance) 
 Mr. Niranjankumar R – Chief Human Resources Officer  
 Mr. Nagaraja Upadhyaya B – GM (Credit Sanctions) 
 Mr. Raghuram H  S – GM ( Branch Banking Department, 
Product Department and Business Solutions Group , and IT 
& MIS) 
 Mr. Chandrashekara G – GM (Credit Sanctions)  
 Mr. Sham K – Company Secretary & GM (Operations)  
 Mr. Sreedhar S – GM (Credit Monitoring)  
 Mr. Manoj Kumar P V – Chief Risk Officer  
 
 
 
 
  

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Karnataka Bank Limited Q4 and FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Raghavendra S Bhat, MD & CEO, along with the Management team. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  Should you need assistance in the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star , then zero on your touchtone phone.  Please note that this con ference is 
being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raghavendra S Bhat, Managing Director & CEO of the Karnataka 
Bank. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Bhat. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Thank you. Good evening and thank you for joining the Karnataka Bank Q4 FY '26 Earnings Call. The 
Karnataka Bank, a bank which began its journey from Mangaluru, a coastal city of Karnataka, has emerged 
even stronger during the just concluded financial year 2025 -'26, thanks to the collective resolve of every 
stakeholder, every customer and every employee of the Karnataka Bank. The results we announced yesterday 
reflect sustained momentum which we have built day after day and quarter after quarter. 
 As your Bank continues its journey into its second century of banking excellence, I am pleased to report that 
we have witnessed meaningful improvement in all the ratios and have delivered on the guidance given during 
my previous interactions with the investor community, a reflection of the disciplined execution of our 
strategy and improved operational efficiency. 
 Before going in detail about the results, let me have the opportunity to brief you about the perfor mance of 
the Bank as against the guidance given earlier. Total business as against the guidance of INR1,92,000 crores 
of business, the figure was INR1,92,118 crores. Gross advances against a guidance of INR84,000 crores to 
INR85,000 crores, it was INR83,339.92 crores. Deposits, against the guidance of INR1,08,000 crores it was 
INR1,08,778.75 crores. 
 CASA, around INR34,500 crores to INR35,000 crores, the figure was INR36,559 crores. CASA percentage, 
we have mentioned as a guidance of 32% to 32.5% against which it was 33.61%. GNPA whatever guidance 
was given less than 3%, it was 2.78%. NNPA guidance was less than 1%, it was 0.98%. NIM , we have 
mentioned at 3% plus, Y -o-Y, it was 2.88%, but Q4 it was 3.07%. Cost to income, what the guidance was 
given was 55% to 56%, against which it was 56.34% FY '26, and for Q4 it was 50.47%. 
 ROA, we have given the guidance of 1% plus, against which it was 1.05%. ROE, around 15% we have 
mentioned, Q4 it was 12.69%, Y -o-Y it was 10.36% for FY '26. Yield  on Advances, around 9% was the 
guidance, against which it was 8.94%. CD ratio, guidance was 75% plus, it was 76. 61%. 
 Standard restructured, guidance was INR750 crores, it was INR806.44 crores. I have been highlighting the 
need for having consistent progress in executing our strategy with greater clarity and direction, and I'm happy 
to note that we were able to deliver on it. I trust you have had the opportunity to review our financial results 
and investor presentation, which were shared following the conclusion of the Board meeting yesterday. 
 During my previous interactions, I had outlined our key priorities, namely strengthening growth in the retail 
segment, optimizing funding costs through a higher CASA mix and a reduced reliance on high -cost bulk 
deposits and sustaining asset quality while maintaining a sharp focus on margins. Our growth trajectory has 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
been robust and ahead of the detailed financial review. I would like to highlight that we have made significant 
progress across these priorities, which will be evident as I walk you through the financial performance.  
Before moving on to the business highlights, I would like to take a step back and briefly touch upon the 
broader financial system. The Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) in its April, 2026 policy noted that global 
growth has remained resilient, while  domestic economic activity has also sustained its strength, supported 
by private consumption, monetary easing and continued government emphasis on infrastructure -led 
investment. 
Looking ahead, India's macroeconomic outlook remains resilient, despite elevated geopolitical tensions and 
persistent global trade frictions, strong underlying fundamentals such as steady growth, moderated inflation 
and fiscal consolidation provide the economy with the resilience to navigate external uncertainties. However, 
the war in West Asia, along with the rising input costs driven by higher energy prices and supply chain 
disruptions, could weigh on the growth. 
The intensity and duration of such conflicts pose risks to both inflat ion and economic expansion. MPC has 
highlighted that in navigating through these turbulent times, monetary policy in India will continue to focus 
on reinforcing price stability while remaining growth supportive. 
In this context of evolving external dynamic s, we remain measured and cautious in our outlook. We will 
navigate these uncertainties with prudence while closely monitoring the evolving inflation trajectory. 
Let me now present the business highlights.  Bank has achieved its highest -ever aggregate business, which 
stood at INR192,118 crores as of March 31, 2026, up by  5.12% Q -on-Q from INR181,394 crores in 
December '25. Gross advances stood at INR83,340 crores as on 31st March '26, reflecting a Q-on-Q growth 
of 8% from INR77,283 crores as on 31st December '25. 
Our overall strategy is to continue our focus on growing ; Retail, Agri and MSME, that is RAM, which has 
grown from INR49,152 crores as on December '25 to INR51,197 crores as on March '26. On a Q-on-Q basis, 
Retail, Agri and MSME segments during Q4, FY '26 have grown by 4%, while mid-corporate advances have 
grown by around 13%. 
In absolute terms, Housing, Agri, Gold and Vehicle Loans have contributed around INR1,547 crores of 
growth to our Retail segment during the quarter. As we move forward, we will continue to focus accelerating 
retail growth while stabilizing the corporate portfolio through high-quality and better-yielding assets. 
The Bank is committed to reducing its exposure to low-yielding corporate loans that were opportunistically 
deployed for better yields than treasury. As conveyed during previous calls, we have started replacing IBPC 
book with higher-yielding loans. IBPC and Food Credit portfolio, which was at INR4,057 crores as of March 
31, '25 has been brought down to INR1,707 crores as of 31st March '26. Accordingly, around INR2,350 
crores have been replaced during FY '25-'26. 
Aggregate deposits as at 31st March '26 was INR108,779 crores, reflecting a Q -on-Q growth of 4% over 
31st December '25 at INR104,112 crores. CASA ratio stood at 33.61% of aggregate deposits as against 
31.53% in December '25. In absolute terms, our CASA deposits have grown 11% Q -on-Q from INR32,829 
crores as on 31st December '25 to INR36,560 crores as on 31st March '26. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
CASA accretion remains a key priority and we have implemented targeted strategies to further accelerate its 
growth during the year. The Bank has continued to focus on shifting high-cost bulk deposits to granular, that 
is retail deposits of less than INR3 crores. Bulk deposits as a percentage of total deposits have come down 
from 4.8% as on 31st December '25 to 4.2% as on 31st March '26.  Similarly, bulk deposits as a percentage 
of term deposits have come down from 7.1% as on 31st December '25 to 6.3% as on 31st March '26. 
In line with the strategy, the Bank has deliberately reduced its reliance on high-cost bulk deposits and ensured 
that most renewals are executed at predefined card rates, t hereby enabling tighter control over the overall 
cost of deposits. Retail term deposits have seen a growth of 2% on a    Q-on-Q basis from INR66,252 crores 
as on 31st December '25 to INR67,648 crores. On Y-o-Y basis, retail term deposits have grown by 5%. CD 
ratio for the quarter stood at 76.61%, as compared to 74.23% in December '25 and 74.38% in March '25. 
Net interest income; NII for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR843 crores, as compared to INR792 crores in Q3 FY '26, 
registering a quarter-on quarter- growth of 6%. On a Y-o-Y basis, NII for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR781 crores, 
recording an 8% Y-o-Y growth. Net interest margin stood at 3.07% for Q4 FY '26, versus 2.92% in Q3 FY 
'26 and 2.98% in Q4 FY '25. Improvement in net interest margin was driven by the bank's focused initiatives 
in the RAM segment with an emphasis on enhancing yield, alongside a calibrated improvement in CASA 
and retail term deposits aimed at optimizing the cost of funds. 
Regarding loan yields; Yield on advances for Q4 FY '26 stood at 8.78%, as compared to 8.71% in Q3 FY 
'26, recording a 7 basis points increase. Loan yields will further be strengthened by accelerating retail growth 
while stabilizing the corporate portfolio through high-quality and better-yielding assets.  
Cost of Funds stood at 5.38% for Q4 FY '26, as compared to 5.46% for Q3 FY '26, registering an 8 basis 
points improvement. The sequential Q-on-Q improvement in cost of funds is expected to be supported by 
our continued efforts t o reduce the dependence on bulk deposits and replacing them with retail deposits at 
card rates and focus on CASA buildup. 
Regarding Profit After Tax, Q4 FY '26 PAT was INR408.19 crores, as against INR290.79 crores in Q3 FY 
'26, an increase of 40%. There is an increase in PAT from INR252.37 crores in Q4 FY '25, which is a 62% 
increase for the full year FY '25-'26. The Bank has achieved its highest-ever PAT at INR1,310.50 crores as 
against INR1,272.37 crores, with a Y-o-Y growth of 3%. 
Stressed Assets - Gross NPA percent as on 31st March '26 stood at 2.78%, as against 3.32% in December 
'25, thereby showing an improvement of 54 basis points. The gross NPA percent as on March '25 was 3.08%, 
which is a 30 basis point improvement. Net NPA percent as on 31st March '26 stood at 0.98%, as against 
1.31% in December '25, demonstrating a 33 basis points Q -on-Q improvement. Net NPA percent as on 
March '25 was 1.31%, recording a 33 basis points Y-o-Y improvement. 
The sustained quarterly improvement in both gross and net NPA ratios reflect the Bank's stringent efforts to 
curb slippage and enhance monitoring efficiency, supported by the functioning of regional collection centers. 
Credit cost stood at 0.1% in Q4 FY '26, against 0.11% in Q3 FY '26. Slippage was 0.20% for Q4 FY '26, 
against 0.47% in Q3 FY '26. 
Recoveries for the quarter, excluding upgraded accounts, stood at INR150.46 crores in Q4  
FY '26 versus INR114.18 crores in Q3 FY '26.  
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Standard restructured advances including related accounts - Standard restructured advances as on 31st March 
'26 was INR806.44 crores, as compared to INR867.95 crores as on 31st December '25, recording a 7% Q -
on-Q reduction.  
Provision Coverage Ratio - in line with the Bank's commitment to increase the PCR, the Bank has continued 
making accelerated provisioning and the PCR, excluding technically written off account s, presently stands 
at 65.39% as of March '26 as against 61.23% as of December '25. PCR, including technicall y written off  
accounts, stands at 83.54% as of March '26, as against 80.90% as of December '25.  
Cost-to-Income Ratio - For the quarter ended 31st March '26, cost -to-income ratio stood at 50.47%, as 
against 58.72% for the quarter ended 31st December '25. For the full year FY '25-'26, Bank's cost-to-income 
was 56.34%, as against 60.11% for FY '24 -'25. The Bank has implemented various cost rationalization and 
monitoring measures to keep expenses under control. Concurrently, our focus on low-cost deposits to reduce 
the cost of funds, along with the emphasis on RAM and high -yield portfolios to enhance loan yields, is 
improving the net interest income and supporting sustained control over the cost-to-income ratio.  
Return On Equity - Q4 FY '26 ROE stood at 12.69%, as against 9.06% in Q3 FY '26.  
Return On Asset. Q4 FY '26 ROA stood at 1.27%, as against 0.92% in Q3 FY '26.  
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) As on 31st March '26, LCR stood at 165.34%, as against 186.84% as on 
31st December '25 and as against the statutory target of 100%. 
 CRAR stood at 20.07% as on 31st March '26, of which Tier 1- 18.68% and Tier 2- 1.39%, in comparison to 
19.94% as on 31st December '25, of which Tier 1 was at 18.44% and Tier 2 was 1.50%.  
Products - We remain on track with our products development and launch initiatives with a continued focus 
on bridging the remaining gaps in our product offerings.  
Launches planned during the coming quarters: 
Agri input loans for tobacco crops, short-term agri input loans are extended to registered tobacco growers to 
meet the cultivation requirements, with digital onboarding and faster sanctioning under a tobacco board tie-
up. 
Programmable CBDC enables the funds to be used only for predefined purposes within a s pecified time or 
through designated beneficiary.  
NFC-based QR payments, Tap and Pay facilities are provided for QR payments.  
Surrogate-based lending for housing and mortgage loans. 
Dropline OD for MSME, LAP for MSME. 
Digital and Technology - The Bank is leveraging IT investments through modular and faster implementation 
of solutions. The Bank is also exploring leveraging AI tools for improving internal efficiencies, including 
process improvements. 
A few major solutions that are planned for completion in FY '26-'27 are loan originating system revamp with 
collateral management, implementation of DevSecOps, HRMS revamp, Treasury revamp and BHIM 3.0. 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
The Karnataka Bank's strength lies in its well-established foundation and its readiness to leverage emerging 
growth opportunities. Over recent periods, the Bank has made meaningful progress in expanding its retail 
and MSME portfolios, rationalizing funding costs and enhancing asset quality, collectively creating a strong 
base for sustained growth ahead.  
Our approach is firmly anchored in execution with the strategic initiatives spanning digital transformation 
and focused product offerings already gaining momentum. As the se initiatives continue to scale, they are 
expected to translate into steady improvements in margins, profitability and key return ratios over the coming 
quarters.  
Despite global headwinds arising from geopolitical tensions, volatile commodity prices and supply chain 
disruptions, the Bank continues to differentiate itself through its prudence, resilience, agility and strong 
customer-centric approach, supported by robust capital adequacy, comfortable liquidity and a disciplined 
execution framework. The Karnataka Bank remains well positioned to deliver consistent and long-term value 
to its stakeholders. 
Looking ahead, with a focused strategic road map and improving business momentum, the Bank is confident 
of sustaining healthy growth and enhancing overall fin ancial performance in the periods ahead. To ou r 
investors, customers and well-wishers, I wish to convey that the Karnataka Bank is not resting on the strength 
of a single year's performance.  
We will continue our efforts in building an institution that is future-ready, customer-centric and governance-
driven. We will continue to honor the legacy of our founders even as we embrace the opportunity in this 
fast-evolving era. Thank you for your trust and continued support and look forward to all your continuing 
partnership as we write together the next glorious chapters in the history of the Karnataka Bank. I would 
now like to hand over the call to the moderator for any questions and feedback from our callers and we would 
be glad to take. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. T he first question comes from the line of 
Anshul Patel, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Anshul Patel: Thank you. M y question is  whether advances have increased significantly during the quarter. Can you 
explain the rationale behind this and how it aligns with your funding and liquidity strategy? 
Raghavendra Bhat: You are aware, as I was telling earlier in the beginning also, since our CRAR was good, I want to increase 
the advances first. To increase the advances, I need to have the fund . There was no shortage of funds . We 
could meet that funding requirement with the available resources and to some extent in between some short-
term funds, we have also met it through borrowings. That was not the constraint at all. 
Anshul Patel: That’s it from my side.  
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Chirag Singhal with First Quarter Fund. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Singhal: Congratulations, Mr. Bhat and the entire team.  
Raghavendra Bhat: Good evening, Chirag. Thank you.  
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Chirag Singhal: Yes. This is I think the second quarter with consecutive growth and very good improvement across all the 
metrics, particularly in this quarter. Sir, first question on the guidance. So in Q4, clearly, many metrics have 
seen significant improvement. So , I'm just trying to understand how much we should extrapolate for the 
current fiscal. So, if you can please provide guidance on all the key metrics, advanced growth, ROA, credit 
cost, gross NPA and net NPA? 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes. I was mentioning earlier also in various meetings and forums, while meeting you also in person in 
Mumbai, I was telling that we want to grow steadily, slow but steady, but with a conservative outlook we 
want to grow. The overall position I ha ve given, I will stand firm on it with the overall business growth of 
around 15% and maintaining we want to have the deposit growth between 10% to 15% and advanced growth 
of 15% to 20%.  
While focusing on CASA, we have assured that 33% plus, we want to maintain 33% -plus of CASA 
percentage. And all these ratios, once we do that with the CD ratio of 80%, we are able to meet all that I had 
mentioned, maybe it is NIM, maybe it is ROA  or spread or GNPA and NNPA level.  By and large, we will 
stick to the stand which I have taken earlier. We will move further. 
Chirag Singhal: Yes. So advance growth 15% to 20%. What about ROA and cre dit cost for the current fiscal and then cost-
to-income? 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes. ROA, I was telling 1% plus. 1% plus may be anything. So 1% plus, I will still hold on to it. Right now, 
I am not in a position to tell, but when the ROA was less than 1%, I was telling that 1% plus. Today, in the 
Q4, you have seen it is 1% plus only. Now also, I'm telling 1% plus. That 1% plus will be definitely towards 
improvement only. 
Chirag Singhal: Okay. And also , credit cost and cost -to-income ratio b ecause even your cost -to-income has fallen 
significantly in Q4. So, is it fair to assume it will remain around these levels for the entire year? 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes. For the entire year, cost -to-income ratio has been brought down from 60% plus to 56%, which I was 
by and large telling 55% plus. It stood at 56%. But Q4, there was a significant improvement of 50% and our 
efforts will be there to reduce it further. It wil l be between 52% and 53%. Once the costs are under control 
and the business is running smoothly, we will certainly work on further improvements. 
Chirag Singhal: Okay. So 52% to 53% for the cost-to-income. Coming to the employee expenses. So in Q4, there was a sharp 
decline on a sequential basis, but there was an increase in other opex. So if I look at the total opex, it's largely 
flat on a sequential basis.  So was there any restatement, like one line item has increased significantly and 
one line item has decreased significantly?  
Raghavendra Bhat: It is not like that. While all efforts are on to reduce the cost, cost reduction is ultimately helping to improve 
overall efficiency. One is working towards the continuous reduction in cost. Other one is improving the 
income. Here, one time such measures are not th ere. To some extent, there is an upward movement in the 
yield that has helped us  and whatever upward movement in the yield has happened, has helped us to make 
accelerated provision also. 
Chirag Singhal: Okay. So, what will be the expected range for employee expenses for the current fiscal? 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Raghavendra Bhat: See, I will tell you, employee expenses cannot be reduced. That part you will agree. Bu t all efforts will be 
there to reduce the other expenditure, while employee expense also, we will ensure that whatever required 
will be there. Improvement in employees cost is a difficult task, no doubt about it. The number of employees 
who are working, whether additional staff is required, and all those things are part of a business plan. I cannot 
answer that question right now. All efforts will be made to control the cost. 
Chirag Singhal: So you are saying that the employee expense for entire FY26, like the full year FY26 employee expense, we 
should expect a similar number for FY27 also, not any significant decline because in Q4, clearly, there is a 
steep decline on a sequential basis? 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes, it will be under control, that is my assurance. But sometimes, see certain business expansion and other 
things, we may require additional manpower also. Taking that into account, it will be duly compensated from 
the business. Need not worry. While expenditure quantum may go up, it will be duly compensated for by the 
increase in the business. 
Moderator: Mr. Dama. Please go ahead. 
Anand Dama: Sir, my question was on the other income. So other income had sharply risen during the current quarter. Is it 
more because of the core fee income going up?  And if yes, what's the reason o r is it more about treasury 
performance which has led to such kind of higher other income for us? 
Raghavendra Bhat: One minute, my CFO, Mr. Vijayakumar will answer. 
Vijayakumar P H: Good evening. T he other income increase is on account of fee -based income and also recovery from the 
technical write-off portfolio. We have a technical write-off portfolio of about INR2,500 crores. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Recovery under technically written-off account. When the business grows  along with the interest income, 
other income also will grow from processing charges and other fee -based income. If it is a non -funded 
commission on bank guarantee, all those improvements will be there. 
Anand Dama: But is it more significant in nature because when you look at the treasury gain, it's about INR13 crores, but 
then your fee income quarter -on-quarter jumped to about INR320 crores to INR230 crores run rate? Last 
year also, we had a similar situation. So, is it a lot of fee, the general banking fees, what we typically bundle 
up in the fourth quarter and that's the reason? 
Vijayakumar P H: Yes, that's what processing charges and recovery from written -off account has majorly contributed to the 
increase in the other income. 
Anand Dama: Sir, I'm talkin g about fee income, core fee income, does this, including recovery from bad debt they are 
INR66 crores? 
Raghavendra Bhat: The fee income in the sense, every year, there will be income in the Q4. With regard to ATM card, one-time 
card fee is there, it is will be there every year, in the Q4. 
Anand Dama: Okay. Got it. And sir you said that you want to grow at about 15% to 16%, notwithstanding the macro seems 
to be deteriorating. Do you see that would lead to some kind of yield pressure going forward in FY27? We've 
already seen sequential improvement in margins, whether we have seen the peak of margins now, how do 
you basically balance the growth and margins for FY27? 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Raghavendra Bhat: Unless there is a movement in EBLR it is at the lowest now , if it is moving upward and all and it gets 
compensated. Otherwise, if the trend is continuing, we will be on the same trend. I feel it has bottomed out. 
There may not be any chance it is coming down further.  
If there is a movement in upward movement, that will also take care of the interest income also. It is, by and 
large, is happening to the market. As and when the situation comes, w e have to plan accordingly. ALCO is 
taking care during meeting as and when required. We will work out. We are cost consci ous and we are 
always working on the pressure of margin. 
Moderator: Thank you. Mr. Dama. Please rejoin the queue for more questions. N ext question co mes from the line of 
Parth Gutka, 360 ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Parth Gutka: Sir, if I look at your slide 24, the number of employees in the first 9 months had increased. And in the last 
quarter, it has actually declined. What is actually happening here? 
Raghavendra Bhat: See, the number of staff is always going down. Every month, it wil l go down, with the superannuation. As 
and when required, we will recruit people. In between, last year, we have opened around 31 branches, staffs 
are required. In between, we recruit also. That during the first H1 or up to Q3, we have recruited some people. 
Again, Q4, there was no recruitment rather. Rather, people retired in 3 months. On average, 50 to 60 people 
getting superannuated and the number wil l go down to that extent a nd that is a continuous process.  Every 
month, it will be there. 
Parth Gutka: Okay, sir. And my second question is what is the impact of ECL guidelines on the net worth and what would 
be the increase in the credit cost run rate post the implementation of the ECL guidelines? 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes. We have got adequate capital adequacy ratio, number one. I believe the guidelines which has now come, 
which is available to spread over to the next 5 years and we have studied the impact also maybe around 1% 
to 1.5% overall will be there. Even that also available for the next 4 years or 5 years, that will be spread over 
to 25 basis points, 30 basis points. And we have sufficiently taken care of that. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Yash Dantewadia with Dante Equity Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Dantewadia: Yes. Hi, so c ongratulations on a good set of numbers. I really appreciate the way you increased your PCR 
by 400 basis points. I'm pretty sure the bottom -line number would have looked much, much higher if you 
would have done it at the pace that you've done it  in the previous quarters, which is only 100 basis points. 
So, this sort of acceleration, where are we aiming to reach by, let's say, in the next four quarters in terms of 
PCR or are you happy with where we are? 
Raghavendra Bhat: See, it is a continuous pr ocess. As and when the quarter comes, do  the business and how we are working 
with the efficiency in working, we will decide then and there. Don't think otherwise. We are very carefully 
moving forward. As you only said, it is very good, very well provisioning has been made. We do understand 
our responsibility working taking all precautions. We will take care. For the ti me being, yes, as it is going 
forward, we will decide. 
Yash Dantewadia: So, you don't have any number in mind where you would want the PCR to be by the end of this next coming 
financial year? 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Raghavendra Bhat: We want to increase 1% every quarter. That number still I'm holding on. But last quarter, we have done 
more. That is why I said, while moving forward as and when the requirement will be t here, we will take 
appropriate decision. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Priyank Chheda with Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Priyank Chheda: Yes. Hi, sir I would request you to note down the questions. 
Priyank Chheda: Thank you. I will link the story. There were two, three surprises which I will  note it down. I mean would 
like to call it out. One was gross slippages came down significantly in quarter 4 at IN R147 crores versus a 
run rate of INR250 crores, INR300 crores. What has been the reason for that? 
This leads to maybe interest reversal because lesser slippages lead to lesser interest reversal. So, what has 
been that quantification or what has been that contribution in the interest income, which ultimately leads to 
NIM going higher because yields benefit. So, if you can link these three aspects together. First, on what has 
been the slippage, why are the slippages were so low? What should be the normal run rate? Should we read 
more to it? How much was the interest reversals contributing to the overall income of Q4? That is my first 
question? 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes. You're asking the question. Should I answer then and there. 
Priyank Chheda: Yes. You can answer one by one. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes. With regard to slippage coming down, I was mentioning earlier also and our focus on the day of taking 
over charge, I was telling, I want to control the stress. The main area of controlling SMAs , CMAs ,  recovery 
and restructured advances efforts, continuously, best efforts have been put by my team. And because of that, 
stress has come down, both under SMA and CMA. Interest reversal and all  - it is a regular phenomenon. 
Some accounts during the course will be added, interest reversal will happen. Wh en it is getting upgraded, 
it will be reversed. I cannot answer that. I can get that, right now, I'm not having, but it is day in and day out. 
Regarding the slippage, yes, we will further increase our efforts to improve the quality. That was the main 
focus. I assured our investors earlier also, now also I stand by it; we will see that slippage is stopped. For 
that, two - three reasons. One, our C rMD team in Head Office, CrMD team in all the Regional offices, 
ARMB at all the centers, all these are putting their best efforts to recover.  
Number two, selection of borrowers, at the entry level, that also we have a focused attention. And I want my 
team at all 15 centers and loan sanctioning center at the Head Office that whatever may be that, quality 
cannot be compromised. With all these things put together, definitely going forward, further we will improve 
as far as recovery is concerned. Recovery, I mean, I will not restrict it only to NPA.  Recovery under 
restructure, recovery under stress, recovery under CMA, whatever. That is the reason for improvement. 
Priyank Chheda: No problem. Second surprise for sure was on the employee cost. Whenever in our history we have seen 
employee cost less than INR300 crores at least for last 13, 14 quarters, that I can see. First, I understand it's 
because of the actuary revaluation what CFO sir had mentioned. What would be the fluctuations or the sling 
that leads to this, the reason why I'm asking is that or else on a full year number, what should be that number? 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Because it was INR1500 crores in FY25, we are strengthening our team, branches, sales office and the retail 
branches. So, what should be that cost of employee that we are bud geting out for full year in FY 27 given 
that there are so much of variations that come thr ough because of the actuary revaluations. That is on the 
question on the employee expenses? 
Raghavendra Bhat: This question is very difficult to answer. Why  because it all depends upon the yield movement. It is all 
because of geopolitical situation, country's monetary policy and so many other factors. But as far as we are 
concerned, we are always working on monitoring the cost every now and then. 
Definitely, I will assure that, as you know everything, again, you are asking this question, no problem. We 
will assure you that with this, definitely we will take care of this. We are always leveraging cost to all other 
things, the cost control as I told in the beginning itself, controlling cost and improving overall efficiency and 
increasing the fee-based income and other things. We will work on it, Priyank. 
Priyank Chheda: Wonderful. My last question, sir, we had a target of INR85,000 crores book to be ended by this year and we 
are close to it, there's no doubt about it, we are nearing the target. When it comes to the way to achieve this 
target and when I see the composition within the book, 65% of the incremental growth has yet been coming 
via corporate and not via retail or MSME. In fact, MSME has yet remained flat. 
And incremental growth via retail to the total loan book is yet slower and lower. So , what's your thoughts 
around, what more needs to be done for us to see that firing out? And if you can further bifurcate in terms of 
what are the key milestones so that we should think of it that would be X, Y, Z things needed for you to 
achieve 15% to 20% advances growth? 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes, I will answer in a different way. Earlier also, like you , so many people have a nswered this question. 
Last year was a difficult year for us. I admit that. INR78,000 crores of advance had come down to INR71,000 
crores. If you look at from INR78,000 crores and INR83,000 crores, that is not a growth at all.  
If you take into account from INR71,000 crores to INR83,000 crores, there is substantially good growth. 
Why I am telling this, agri and retail has not grown because somewhere I have told you also regarding though 
our intention is to reduce the bulk advances. Why because, the yield is low. 
Growth in retail and mid-corporate - Somewhere or other, you will ask the question - why you have grown 
negatively? So we have to balance those acts also. But taking that into account, all these retail segments 
which have degrown, while th e advances had degrown from INR78,000 crores to INR71,000 crores, retail 
also had degrown.  
When I joined, my team said there is no growth in the retail and mid-corporate, that is the need of the hour. 
I understood that. What is the time available at my disposal? I joined on July only, while studying situation 
October onwards, this retail credit center were started. Retail growth will not happen overnight. It will take 
time. 
Bulk advances, yes, four, five parties can contribute larger amount. But I'm not interested in that. Growth 
has to happen in this sector only. For me, growth should come from retail and mid-corporate only. 
Going forward, consciously, we will reduce the bulk advances and we will grow in retail and mid-corporate. 
This is the only answer I can give. Earlier also so many investors were asking, but you are not believing me 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
to that extent. I was assuring you we will do it, we will g row it. As you rightly said, INR 83,300 and odd  
crores, though it is not INR85,000 crores, still I will say I told in the earlier meeting also in Q3 meeting, yes, 
we have got a lot of proposals on hand. And as of March, we had INR2,000 crores of sanctioned but pending 
for disbursal. It has not happened for various reasons. It started happening post April. Advances is positive. 
We are positive. We will grow. 
Priyank Chheda: Wonderful, sir. We always have a high confidence in you. Just one last thing, this was a question also earlier 
asked but not clarified. Sir, recovery from technical written -off book, we have booked roughly INR190 
crores in the other income. And in the technically written off outstanding book, is around INR2,500 crores. 
Any target or any th oughts around what should be this recovery that we should pencil in for the c oming 
year? And along with that , say if we are recovering INR200 crores, would we have a higher provisioning 
done to fasten up our PCR. We have done that. But then what will be th e number that we should think of, 
provisioning requirement or say, a  credit cost on the P&L for FY27? Two questions  - recovery from 
technically written off book number and provisioning impact on the P&L for FY27. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Regarding recovery, I will tell you it is not only for recovery. It is to the business. Our aim is think big, aim 
high, don't compromise on quality. We will work on that principle. So that principle applies even to recovery 
also. I have traveled across India to meet my regional teams.  
13 regions I visited personally, 2 regions I have addresse d through the video conference a nd the team is 
optimistic everywhere and the team is geared up - with regard to the growth in business, growth in recovery. 
Growth for the business is also target, there is a target for recovery also. 
What quantum, what number, our aim is always to recover 50% of the book of NPA, 50% of the technical 
written-off. What happens, we have to wait and see because we are working on it. This is a highly ambitious 
target, I know. But unless and until as far as recovery is concerned, if we are not ambitious, we are not able 
to justify or recover.  
Therefore we have kept the ambitious target . Whether it is possible, yes, I was telling earl ier also, you are 
not believing, you are not believing me now also, I know that. But we will make all efforts to do that. It may 
look very big. But yes, our people on the ground are charged up. I am hopeful next quarter ; we will resolve 
this question. As a follow-up question you are asking, I know that. Even then we will make our best efforts. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sarvesh Gupta with Maximal Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: Sir. So, two questions. Firstly, on the NIMs. So , I think we had a lot of book which was linked to G -Sec. 
And so, if you can just break up the book into various EBLR or G -Sec, how what is the mix of our book? 
And secondly, sir, on the employee expense if the  CFO, sir, can give us the data  for how much wa s the 
gratuity-related, because yield increase, so that pool would have gone down in one quarter, so what was that 
impact specifically, if you can share that number? Thank you. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes. CFO, can you share that? One is G-Sec percentage. 
Vijayakumar PH: For both the questions, we will share the information later on. Just e-mail the requirements. Right now, we 
don't have that. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: Okay, sir. Sir, broadly on the NIM side, so we have crossed 3%, and I recall that a large part of the book was 
related to G-Secs, and G-Secs have been actually hardening. So given that sort of a thing, because earlier we 
had a negative impact on our results because the G -Secs was falling before the repo rate. So , what is the 
outlook, sir, for next year NIM? 
Raghavendra Bhat: As I was telling in the beginning, if you have seen, I am working on that 3% plus NIM. I will be working on 
it. It has come down. If you analyze our earlier data, it has come down to as low as 2.72%. So, it is improving, 
no doubt about it. 
And we do not have any G-Sec linked advances. We have EBLR, treasury bill related. Majority of that under 
that, around 60% - 65%. And MCLR, some portion is there. Some old , A small portion is base rate, is also 
there. 
To be very frank with you, base rate is 0.31%, MCLR 5.59% at the end of March '26. Then EBLR linked to 
G-Sec 2.31%, EBLR linked to T-bill rate 55%. This is the component. 
Sarvesh Gupta: Linked to G-Sec and T-bill, right? 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes. 
Sarvesh Gupta: And there, we should expect a positive impact if the yields are hardening? 
Raghavendra Bhat: Again, it depends upon the market forces. 
Moderator: Mr. Gupta please switch on the queue for more questions.  Next question comes from the line of Yaswanth 
Thippeswamy, a Retail Investor. Please go ahead. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Good evening Mr. Thippeswamy. 
Yaswanth Thippeswamy: Good evening , sir. I hope everyone is doing good. And c ongratulations. I know, in the middle of the 
management crisis last year, you joined and you have showed that what you are capable of. And kudos to 
team Karnataka Bank. 
You have put in a lot of effort to make sure that they are capable, and they are able to deliver it. So, I would 
want to also congratulate the Board of Directors for bringing in you and having confidence in you. And I'm 
also pleasantly surprised, I mean I'm surprised that there is a look out  I mean, we have appointed, we have 
nominated and we are getting an Executive Director from outside. 
So, my first question is, have you looked out for internal talent to o, I mean, I'm pretty sure that there could 
be a lot of experienced guys who are around. And then considering the last years’ experience where we have 
got in people from outside and because of the work, I mean, work cultural differences, we had difficult times 
in managing and then we had to overcome that. 
So that is my first question. And the second question is with respect to West Asia conflict. So , considering 
that, are we still planning to expand the number of branches this fiscal? That's my second question. 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Raghavendra Bhat: Good evening Thippeswamy, Yes, both your questions are relevant, difficult to answer. But I will assure you 
that the recruitment of E xecutive Director has been taken based on the need arisen at a particular point of 
time. Executive Director was there earlier. 
Executive Director was not there for the past around 9 or 10 months. It was a process required by, based on 
the, see sometimes need arises based on the requirement. That is one thing. Secondly, it does not mean that, 
as you rightly said, talent is inside. No doubt, we are not ignoring the talent.  As and when the time passes, 
you will come to know. We are not ignoring. We are handholding, we are trai ning, we are grooming them 
up. They will come up in the ladder. Definitely, yes. 
And regarding this exit and all which you said cultural difference, I don't want to talk now. Earlier also, I 
have told the past is history, present is reality and future is the requirement. We will work according to that. 
Therefore, yes, that is one thing. 
Secondly, your question with regard to the geopolitical scenario. Geopolitical scenario, our plan to open a 
huge number of branches, whether there is any change? This is li ke business plans; this is also a plan. And 
in between if such things arise, we will make course correction and depending upon the market requirements, 
our growth and requirement, all these things will be planned at an appropriate time. 
Corrective action also will be taken with regard to whatever guidance we have given. In the guidance, branch 
also has come. We will take appropriate decision at that time. But definitely, we will not put the Bank into 
some problem. Don't worry about it. That is my assurance. 
Moderator: Thank you. Mr.  Thippeswamy please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the 
line of Vinay Nadkarni with Hathway Investments Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vinay Nadkarni: Yes. Just one question. Most of my questions have been answered. Just want to know the disbursements that 
you have made for FY26, what is the figure, total disbursement? 
Raghavendra Bhat: Pardon?  
Vinay Nadkarni: Disbursement, loan disbursement. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Loan disbursement, right now, last year, we had repayment of around INR26,000 crores for the entire year, 
around INR26,000 crores. And you can calculate INR 26,000 crores is that figure . INR26,000 crores plus 
INR5000 crores, i.e. INR31,000 crores, INR32,000 crores. 
Vinay Nadkarni: Okay. And then I'll send you an email to get the breakup of the corporate and mid-corporate also from there. 
Raghavendra Bhat: No problem. 
Vinay Nadkarni: Thank you very much. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pranay Dhelia with Panchtantra Advisors LLP. Please go 
ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Pranay Dhelia: Sir, first of all, many congratulations on a much better performance than what any of us could have imagined. 
You have actually rewarded the shareholders with the trust that they have reposed in you and now you have 
to beat this performance. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Good evening, Pranay. 
Pranay Dhelia: Good evening, sir. So, is it that we've seen a sharp reduction in cost of manpower this quarter, year-on-year 
as well as quarter-on-quarter. So, is this, has this bottomed out now? Or will we see further reductions? 
Raghavendra Bhat: Further reduction, I cannot tell because, as I told you, it's all depending upon the requirement. We will 
optimally use the staff resources. Definitely, yes, we have got plans of expansion, additional manpower 
required. At the appropriate time, we'll plan appropriately. By doing so, we can cut cost. 
That is the only answer I can give now. Otherwise, cost control, leveraging it with the business requirements 
and all, taking every moment, we are cost conscious. 
Pranay Dhelia: Thank you and many congratulations once again. As shareholders, we are wanting to see the Bank grow at 
this pace. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor with Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, categorically, as specified by all these speakers earlier that these are definitely commendable results and 
the backdrop of what looked very drained out earlier. Bu t for investor and even layman like me just to take 
into account, if we do a comparison on an annual basis? It is only this employee cost part that has significantly 
made a difference to the operating profit. Correct me there, sir. Because if we look at ou r interest income, 
the operating cost and the employee cost part, that we had posted operating profit before provision of 
INR1,827 crores for FY25. 
This has risen to INR1,974 crores. So that is the difference in the lower employee cost in happening that is 
why all the investors have been asking the question. So, we would like to understand, sir, what would be the 
general run rate for the employee cost? And sir, how are you seeing the current year in terms of how this 
operating profit number will shape up , taking into account our disbursement target, the existing loan book, 
the recoveries, all the factors that you have just explained to us, how should this line item expand on a 
quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year basis? Some more color on the same would suffice. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes. It is not quarter -on-quarter or half -yearly. It is on a monthly basis. We have this time changed our 
strategy that growth should come every month rather. Out of the growth percentage, we said 5% in first 3 
months, that is, 15%, next 3 months 8%, next 3 months 9%, next 2 months 10%, and last month 14%. 
If I analyze the history of our bank for the past 10 years, the growth has come mainly in H2 and more 
percentage in Q4. Taking that into account, we have bifurcated business pl an in such a way that, first, H1, 
the growth percentage will be around 39% . H2, it should be 61%. The bifurcation, as I told you, we are 
working on that month -on-month and full efforts are on , results already started. Regarding employee cost 
and all, as I told you in the beginning and to others also, it is very much guarded, cautious decision s are 
taken. It is like, employee cost is not possible to reduce. But how to optimally use the existing resources, 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
team has really worked hard. The team has delivered w ith that maximum utilization of the staff. The result 
has come. The cost in the trial balance figure may look down. But as I mentioned to the query in other cases, 
that on an average,  monthly staff members, resignation, retirement, VRS, superannua tion, everything will 
be there. 
Taking that into account, on average, 350 to 400 people are retiring. To the extent required, only we'll recruit 
because a lot of IT spending is happening. We are trying to move to this additional load taken over by the 
IT. All these are planned. Continuous efforts are on. Therefore, cost may look a little reduced, but we will 
utilize it optimally. I will put it other way. Thank you very much. 
Saket Kapoor: So sir, what should be the operating profit trajectory for the bank on an yea rly basis, on the base of now 
INR2,000 crores? How should we invest it, taking into account the current environment also and the type of 
de-growth which we may expect because of the oil prices and the other geopolitical issues? On this business, 
how confid ent are you, first of all, we will be posting growth? And what should be the number on the 
operating profit that we should work on? 
Raghavendra Bhat: That see, I'm confident only. But in certain external situation, how can I predict now? As and when the 
situation comes, we will take appropriate decision at that particular time. How to reverse or how to address 
that issue at an appropriate time, because Prime Minister of India himself has given a statement, yes, 
cautioning everyone with all those things are getting managed. We also in the Bank, we will try to manage 
best. 
That is the only answer I can give at this juncture, because external forces, we have no control rather. We 
have to adjust ourselves to change that situation. We will do it. Definitely, we w ill do it. Last year was also 
not a better year for us, still, we have done fairly good, though not very good. 
Moderator: Thank you. Mr. Kapoor please rejoin the queue for more questions.  Next question comes from the line of 
Umesh Kantilal Shah, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Umesh Kantilal Shah: Good evening sir. Thank you very much for giving me an opportunity to post the question before you. I'm 
an individual investor and also my corporate company also has invested in the Karnataka Bank. First, let me 
congratulate you for a good set of numbers you definitely post, which was beyond our expectation. And also 
the NPA is another thing which I have been always telling and you assuring me which coming in the line at 
par with the good banks. So for that, congratulations. Good dividend also you have given. 
Sir, my only worry is now the situation in the Middle East. Are we dependent on the deposit from the Middle 
East like other Keral a Banks or other few? Or how are we protected or insulated if sit uations are there? 
Because as you have a number of times said, there is no one who can say what happens tomorrow, no one 
knows. I agree with you. 
But still, if you can highlight in this sort of situation on the Middle East deposit and the things which we are 
dependent on, to what extent and how we can insulate it from the same? Thank you very much sir. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Good evening. Umesh, as you yourself asked the question, you yourself answered also. My job, you made it 
easy rather. With regard to the depositors from Middle East or whatever, in a way, it's good, I should not 
say, all banks are trying to get good NRI deposits and FCNR dep osits. But we have a little portfolio, not 
sizable portfolio. Majority is local domestic deposits only. 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 The Karnataka Bank Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
External situation do affects the internal situation also. That is not in  our control. But with regard to your 
specific question of the deposits from Middle East, it is not sizable one and we will not be affected much. 
That much only I can tell you. 
Umesh Kantilal Shah: Thank you very much sir I got your answer. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-and-answer 
session. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing remarks. 
Raghavendra Bhat: Yes. Thanks to all the investors who have posed the questions, and whatever best we have presented our 
case, number one. Number two, still if there are any clarification required, you are all free, I assure you, feel 
free to seek clarification. We will try to give the best clarification to you, number one. Number two is, a lot 
of people have spoken high about the results. 
We assure you that we will work still hard and thanks for reposing the confidence on the Bank also. I need 
your support going forward. And whatever these plans are there, we will try to come and connect with you. 
And definitely, we will work up to your expectations. Thank you. Thank you one and all. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of the Karnataka Bank Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for clarity and readability purpose s and does not essentially purport to be a verbatim record of the 
conference call. 
 
*********** 
 