[page 1]
 
 
30th April, 2026  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400051. 
BSE Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Department 1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400001. Symbol: BALRAMCHIN Scrip Code: 500038  Dear Sir/Madam,  Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
Subject: Transcript of Conference call 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the “Balrampur Chini Mills’ 
Conference Call on PLA Project Update and Capital Raising Initiatives” held on Tuesday, 
April 28, 2026 at 12:00 Noon IST.  
 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website at the following web page: 
 
 https://chini.com/investors/concall-transcript/ 
 
 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully For Balrampur Chini Mills Limited   Manoj Agarwal Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  Encl: A/a 
[page 2]
 
 
 Page 1 of 10  
 
Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
Update Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day , and welcome to Balrampur Chini Mills Limited’s 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Jenny Rose from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, 
ma’am. 
Jenny Rose: Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us today on this call to discuss 
Balrampur Chini Mills’ update on the PLA project and the capital raising initiative.  
We have with us today, Mr. Vivek Saraogi, Chairman and Managing Director of 
Balrampur Chini Mills, Ms. Avantika Saraogi, Executive Director, and Mr. Pramod 
Patwari, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, following 
which we will have the forum open for the question -and-answer session. Before we 
proceed, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made during this 
call may be forward-looking in nature. Additionally, please note that the company is 
currently in a silent period. We request that you refrain from asking questions 
related to the quarterly business performance and limit your questi ons to the 
current development. 
 With that, I would now like to invite Mr. Saraogi to deliver his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Saraogi: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on this call today.  
We thought, in our genre of transparency, to connect with all of you post the board 
meeting held on 23rd April, 2026, to share an update on the PLA project, the 
investments around it, and the associated financing initiatives approved at the 
meeting.  
At a broader level, these decisions reflect the direction in which we are taking the 
business and the way we are positioning ourselves for the next phase.  The PLA 
project is a key strategic initiative for us and forms an important part of our efforts 

[page 3]
 Page 2 of 10  
to build a more growth -oriented business , with attractive opportunities emerging 
across the value chain. As the project has progressed through implementation and 
detailed review, we have taken stock of the updated capital requirement s and the 
adjacent opportunities around it. 
 Let me first cover the PLA project itself. As disclosed, there has been a cost 
overrun of INR230 crore, taking the project cost to INR3 ,080 crore from INR2 ,850 
crore. Th is revision is primarily on account of key construction material s, global 
supply chain disruptions, forex movement s, and certain refinements in engineering 
and design, which is the final 90% engineering and review modelling. And together 
with this, people take advantage of the situation. Suppliers also, in the garb of 
ensuring timely delivery of material, claim there is an overrun, and a little additional 
cost gets built into it. 
 Alongside the PLA project, we have identified an attractive opportunity to create 
value chain around its by -product. As part of this approach, the board has 
approved the lactogypsum processing plant at Kumbhi. This facility will convert 
lactogypsum, which is a synthetic and eco -friendly by-product generated during the 
PLA manufacturing process, into gypsum boards, a scalable and commercially 
attractive production segment. The proposed plant has an investment outlay of 
INR160 crore and is expected to have a production capacity of ~76 lakh boards per 
annum, with commercial production starting in 18 months. 
 We see this as a highly compelling initiative with multiple benefits. It enables us to 
monetize our by -product, enhance overall efficiency, and create an incremental 
revenue stream. At the same time, it reinforces our sustainability agenda by 
embedding circular economy principles into our operations. And this synergizes 
with our initiatives of converting our kind of waste into value-added products.  
To support these initiatives, the Board has approved a preferential allotment of 
equity shares worth approximately INR450 crore at the SEBI price of INR483, 
which was the SEBI price on that day.  In addition, the Board has approved an 
enabling resolution for raising debentures of INR200 crore. This is just part of the 
financing because if you are going in for a big project, you need to do something 
through debentures. This will provide us the financial flexibility required to execute 
our expansion plans, while maintaining our balance sheet discipline. 
We would like to highlight that continued participation from the promoters in the 
fundraise will keep our stake, the family stake, at 43%. So if you see, we have put 
in 43% of INR450 crore, which is about INR193 crore, which is exactly synergistic 
with our existing stake. We believe this reflects the promoters' continued 
[page 4]
 Page 3 of 10  
confidence in the company's growth strategy and long -term value potential of these 
projects. 
I would also like to add that the non -disposal of gypsum can lead to pollution 
issues. Our ability to dispose of gypsum through interactions with cement plants 
have shown limited interest, very poor pricing, and limited off-take. We want to 
avoid a situation similar to the 1990s, when we faced challenges with bagasse and 
had to give it away for free due to the lack of disposal options. We were India’s first 
sugar factory to enter into a co -generation project, which later yielded rich 
dividends down the line and stopped us from getting blackmailed . This initiative 
carries a similar strategic intent.  
I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions  and we 
would be very happy to answer your questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question -and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital.  
Prashant Biyani: Sir, what would be the rationale for this equity capital raise so closer to the 
commercial timeline of the project? You would have already tied up with finances 
and leverage is also not that heavy on the balance sheet. 
Vivek Saraogi: Yes, so I believe this question exists in the mind of many of our equity investors. 
So just let me give you some perspective. A, this is a 5% dilution. B, we are 
participating, so it is not that there is any intent of lowering the promoter stake . C, 
the focus is on our ability to run the business smoothly, maintain our credit rating, 
and ensure financial stability, we are currently raising finance at around 6.75% , and 
to ensure that no financial ratios are disrupted . The idea behind raising this capital 
is that there is INR 390 crore outlay involved, as you can see , INR 230 crore plus 
INR 160 crore. Additionally, with the upcoming sugar season, we foresee the need 
to purchase more cane and make timely payments. Therefore, it was important to 
ensure adequate liquidity, maintain our rating, and avoid any concerns from 
bankers regarding potential ratio breaches. We believe this is a very prudent 
measure. 
Prashant Biyani: Okay. Can you give some cost dynamics for the lactogypsum plant, How much is 
the output of lactogypsum when you make 1 unit of PLA? And for this plant which 
will make gypsum board, how much could be the revenue potential as well as 
tentative margins if you would have budgeted the same? 
[page 5]
 Page 4 of 10  
Pramod Patwari: So Prashant, for 80,000 ton nes of PLA, we are expecting lactogypsum in the 
region of around 1.16 lakh ton nes to 1.2 lakh ton nes. And this has a n annual 
revenue potential of around INR150-odd crore. 
Prashant Biyani: And sir, how many units of lactogypsum make one unit of gypsum board? Or I 
mean, equivalent input-output ratio? 
Pramod Patwari: So, this 1.16 lakh tonnes of gypsum will result in to around 63 lakh pieces , that is 
the annual capacity of 63 lakh board. 
Prashant Biyani: Sir, how much would be the margins for this business? 
Pramod Patwari: Margins, we are expecting a payback period of around 5 years. 
Prashant Biyani: 5 years? 
Pramod Patwari: Yes. 
Vivek Saraogi: Yes, given the current disruption, I believe that since we started evaluating this 
project, the board prices we had factored in have already increased by 25% due to 
the West Asia crisis. However, this is a recent development. As for raw materials, 
we have our own supply and do not need to rely on external sources. 
Prashant Biyani: Right. Sir, we have investment in NBFC also. Would we be willing to offload some 
or full part of it which we own eventually to delever our balance sheet? 
Vivek Saraogi: Definitely, eventually yes, 100%. 
Prashant Biyani: Any timeline and tentative valuation would you be looking at? While we have a 
history of past transaction at which the stake transfer happened. 
Vivek Saraogi: So there are two parts to Auxilo's dilution. One is a dilution done to run the 
business, that is , the capital requirement of the business itself. Two, the last 
dilution was done at about around INR3,000 -odd crore to INR3,200 crore  market 
cap of Auxilo. So that was the last valuation available. Currently, as I have told you, 
I have answered your question, the timing , etc. is not fair to answer now. Yes, we 
are positively inclined towards answering your question in the affirmative.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from AMSEC.  
Shailesh Kanani: First of all, congratulations on the equity fundraise , after a long time , to the whole 
Balrampur team. Sir, I had few questions. First one is on the PLA project. Now the 
cost has escalated by INR230 crore, and you have given the reasons that the 
[page 6]
 Page 5 of 10  
engineering changes and supply chain issue. So are these modifications 
fundamentally altering any yield or efficiency of the plant? 
Vivek Saraogi:  So, minor tweaking always will lead to it. Yes, you are right, but it is impossible to 
be able to quantify all that today. Everything has been done, some part is towards 
improving the engineering, a lot of it is foreign exchange also. So one could not 
have booked the machinery which used to come in. Euro moved from 9 0 to 110. 
So that is not in my hand. I could not have booked the machinery which used to 
come as per RBI laws, I am told. So that is one major part. Two, this shipping cost, 
this crude, this ships not coming around Hormuz and the  Cape of Good Hope, local 
transportation. See, you know, the biggest consignment, just to give you a figure, is 
costing me INR9 crore to transport a column or a part of the machinery, one.  There 
are two such consignments, it takes 4 months. So people at this point of time, I 
have to complete the project and there are some costs which are probably a little 
higher than what it should be. Some are genuine, 90% are genuine, 10% is a bit of 
blackmail. One has to succumb to that in order to complete the plant with precision . 
Shipping cost, inland transport cost, currency fluctuation, revision of prices of some 
existing contracts, we have put in fixed price contracts and that bit we try to keep to 
a minimum. And lastly, some minor engineering and etc. for the 90% modelling 
which just throws up some new maybe valves, pipelines kind of things. 
Combination of all. 
Shailesh Kanani: Fair enough. So with project being so closer in terms of completion and 
operational, say 6 to 9 months. So can we expect this is the final kind of revision in 
project cost and there would not be further in cost irrespective of macro 
environment? 
Vivek Saraogi: Yes, our machinery is likely coming in soon, so yes, that should be it. 
Shailesh Kanani: Okay. Sir, my second question was with respect to the UP bioplastic policy where 
they are giving 50% capital subsidy. So even if this upward revision, that would be 
kind of eligible for the same, right? 
Vivek Saraogi: A very good question, pertinent question. The document, the policy document, 
does not curtail your investment and yes, therefore what you have said is 
absolutely correct. 
Shailesh Kanani: Fair enough. Thanks a lot. So my third question was with respect to the gypsum 
boards what we are planning to do. So I was reading somewhere that it requires 
fillers and reinforcements. So are we planning to utilize the bagasse ash or 
bagasse fiber for production of this? And do we have that excess? 
[page 7]
 Page 6 of 10  
Avantika Saraogi: No, that is not required at all. It requires paper and gypsum, that is it. 
Shailesh Kanani: Okay. So there will not be any further utilization from the by -product from the sugar 
mills as such? 
Avantika Saraogi: No, only in terms of utilities like steam and power will go. 
Vivek Saraogi: Which will be accounted for in the project expense. 
Shailesh Kanani: Fair enough. 
Vivek Saraogi: Just to answer your question, how we work in Balrampur, and I guess in any 
prudent company, is if you see our three divisions, sugar, ethanol and power, there 
is a transfer pricing for everything. And then you get your segmental revenue and 
segmental profitability.  So when Pramod has spoken to you about a 5 -year 
payback, and which may substantially decrease with the current raise in the board 
prices, each utility used here, whether it is steam, anything, is accounted as an 
expense here and a revenue in the PLA plant.  
Shailesh Kanani: Fair enough. So , just one last question from my side on this, continuing on the 
same point. The boards that we will be making , would we be positioning them as a 
commodity alternative of some kind, or do we have some leverage in terms of 
being bio -based or having recycled content?  So that we can kind of target the 
premium ESG or green building segment, would that be possible? 
Avantika Saraogi: This is not envisaged at this point of time. But in the future, it is definitely replacing 
mine material. So in that case, it is of course a very, very much more eco -friendly 
way. But to attribute value based on that, I do not know if we will get more value, 
but definitely the eco-friendly tag is definitely there with it. 
Vivek Saraogi: Yes, because it is our own product. Yes. 
Avantika Saraogi: And there is no mining involved. All other boards made have mining involved. 
Vivek Saraogi: That’s a good point , and a good thought. We can bring in more people from the 
marketing side later, since it’s 18 months away. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nishita Shanklesha from Crown Capital.  
Nishita Shanklesha: Yes, so I actually just had a follow -up question on the previous participant's 
question. So I just wanted to understand that our PLA capacity, so you mentioned 
that on the 80,000 ton nes of PLA capacity, we can expect around 1.16 lakh ton nes 
of lactogypsum, right? 
[page 8]
 Page 7 of 10  
Vivek Saraogi: Yes. 
Nishita Shanklesha: And from the 1.16 lakh tonnes of lactogypsum, we can have around 63 lakh pieces 
of gypsum boards? 
Vivek Saraogi: Yes. 
Nishita Shanklesha: So the revenue potential that you mentioned of INR150 crore, that is from the 63 
lakh pieces of gypsum board per annum? Is that understanding correct?  
Vivek Saraogi: Yes. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay, got it. So I just wanted to understand what is the revenue potential from our 
PLA project? 
Avantika Saraogi: The whole PLA project? 
Nishita Shanklesha: Yes. 
Vivek Saraogi: That is the same as what was mentioned earlier —nothing has changed. The PLA 
project remains the same. This is essentially a value addition to a by -product, 
which would otherwise be waste if not utilized. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rhea Bhatia from CNBC TV18.  
Rhea Bhatia: I just wanted to understand the breakdown of the preferential issue of INR450 
crore. Where exactly will this be used? Because I believe INR160 crore will be for 
this lactogypsum plant and INR230 crore for the PLA plant, right? 
Pramod Patwari: The balance will be on account of corporate general purposes. 
Rhea Bhatia: Okay, understood. And the PLA plant commissioning, does that remain on track for 
quarter three? 
Pramod Patwari: Yes, absolutely. 
Vivek Saraogi: It is a tough job, but we are leaving no stone unturned and as things go, it looks 
absolutely feasible. 
Rhea Bhatia: Okay, all right, sir. And just wanted to understand what led to this increase in the 
cost for the PLA plant, this INR230 crore. Was it largely because of the West Asia 
crisis? 
Vivek Saraogi: Yes, I think if you had joined the call, I have threadbare laid down all the points.  
[page 9]
 Page 8 of 10  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from Phillip  Capital India 
Private Limited.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: Just on this lactogypsum, How will the sales be done? Will it require a proper sales 
and distribution channel, or is it more like a commodity where we can focus purely 
on sales and sell directly to dealers? Just trying to get a sense of the distribution 
side for gypsum board. 
Avantika Saraogi: So we are working on the sales strategy and in time to come, we will lay it out 
threadbare. We are evaluating a few options. 
Vivek Saraogi: It’s just the beginning, as the project is still about 18 months away. We are 
confident, we’ve taken a broad  stroke understanding , and we will get into the 
details in due course. And we are already tracking prices, as you can see. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Bharat Seth from Quest Investment Advisors 
Private Limited.  
Bharat Seth: Sir, pardon my ignorance.  If you could run us through the overall picture , with both 
the PLA and gypsum plants , since a large part of the PLA output will be used as 
raw material for the gypsum plant, how does that affect costs? And does the 
payback period change, or does it still stay around five years? 
Avantika Saraogi: It remains the same. 
Vivek Saraogi: There is no change at all. So let me explain to everyone the way bagasse comes 
out when you run a sugar factory. That bagasse is either fed into the boiler for co -
generation which you sell power, or you can sell bagasse to paper manufacturers. 
So, this is the way gypsum will come out. Either you dispose, throw, give to cement 
at dirt cheap rates, with a huge volume staring at your head, or we have taken this 
call to convert. 
Bharat Seth: And sir, you also mentioned that some of the sugar plant’s output will be used for 
the PLA plant, which will effectively become a cost input for the PLA facility. So 
how will this benefit the existing sugar business? 
Vivek Saraogi: There is no sugar plant as such. What I meant was that, from  the PLA plant, the 
boiler capacity, let us say is 100 ton nes, out of which about 2 tonnes are required 
for this process . That 2 ton nes of steam used to manufacture the boards will be 
treated as a cost for the board factory, and correspondingly, it will be recognized as 
revenue for the PLA plant. 
[page 10]
 Page 9 of 10  
Bharat Seth: I understand, sir. But when we are going ahead with converting ethanol into PLA, 
so that economics if you can explain, sir, I will be grateful? 
Vivek Saraogi: There is no ethanol converted into PLA. Sugar is converted into PLA. Story over for 
sugar factory. Right? 
Bharat Seth: Yes, so if you can give some economics on that part, broader economics. 
Avantika Saraogi: So actually, we can take this question offline because for the rest of the audience, 
we have explained this at least five times before. 
Moderator: The next question is a follow-up from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital.  
Prashant Biyani: Sir, for marketing of these gypsum boards, would you rather be like an outsourced 
manufacturer for already existing branded company like Gyproc or anyone, or you 
would want to take it with your own brand? 
Avantika Saraogi: Actually, this is what we also tried to answer before. We are evaluating our options . 
And we will go for the best one that comes to us slightly closer to the date of  
commissioning. 
Vivek Saraogi: Give us some time, Prashant.  So, once we set up the plant, like three -six months 
into the game plan, we will start searching and you know, we are already 
contacting people. We will do what is best for the Company, Prashant. Yes, we do 
not want to sort of get into some big-time branding expense and all, but yes, we will 
do what is best for the Company. 
Prashant Biyani: Yes, and actually those companies have a portfolio to offer to the dealers which we 
would not have. 
Vivek Saraogi: I get your stance, I am aligned, but too early now, Prashant, too early. 
Prashant Biyani: Right. And just one last thing on this, would the UP market be enough for this or we 
would have to go Pan-India? 
Vivek Saraogi: I think Pan-India, Pan-India. 
Pramod Patwari: More like, UP and North 
Avantika Saraogi: North. 
Vivek Saraogi: Yes, North should be enough for now. We’ll look at the marketing side in about six 
to nine months, and then we can share a clearer view. 
[page 11]
 Page 10 of 10  
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Saraogi: Thank you, and all the best. If there are any further questions, we’d be happy to 
address them offline, please feel free to reach out anytime.  I hope I’ve been able to 
answer all your questions. The objective of today’s call was to provide a broad 
construct and understanding, so that all investors are on the same page as far as  
knowledge-sharing perspective. We want to avoid any speculation or uneven 
access to information , no one should have a preferential understanding.  That is 
why we took the time to engage with all of you and share this overview. Thank you 
once again, and thank you to all our shareholders for being with us as always. 
Pramod Patwari: Thank you, everyone. 
Avantika Saraogi: Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 