
=== PAGE 1 ===
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
To 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference call held on May 12, 2026 for the Audited Financial Results 
for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
In furtherance to our intimation letter dated May 05, 2026, please find enclosed the 
Transcript of the Conference call held on Tuesday, May 12, 2026 with Analysts and Investors 
for the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2026. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
Kindly take same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
 
 
________________ 
Sanjay Basantani 
Company Secretary and Head - Legal 
Encl.: As above 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Affairs 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip ID-540025 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051  
Scrip Code-ADVENZYMES 
^
cfrancec/ enzymesWhore ENZYME is Life
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Ltd.
CIN: L24200MH1989PLC051018
Sun Magnetica, A wing, 5th Floor, LIC Service Road, Louiswadi, Thane (W)-400 604, India
Tel: +91-22-4170 3200,Fax: +91-22-2583 5159
Email: info@advancedenzvmes.com, www.advancedenzymes.com
WE
^
OM
^^^^^
WOR
^^^^
m
^
BUSINESS
Factory : Plot No. A-61/62, MIDC Malegaon, Tal. Sinnar, Dist. Nashik - 422 113. Maharashtra. India. Tel.: +91-99701 00750 / +91-2551-230 044, Fax: +91-2551-230 816
=== PAGE 2 ===
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
“Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
Q4 & FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2026 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Vasant Rathi - Chairperson 
Mr. Mukund Kabra – Whole Time Director 
Mr. Beni Rauka – Group Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Ronak Saraf – Investor Relations Manager 
 
 
Disclaimer: 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. The Company 
takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
   
Kindly Note, there could be unpublished price sensitive information that would have been shared /discussed during the call. 
Complying with the SEBI regulations, we have shared Audio Transcript to the Stock Exchanges and the Company website on May 
12, 2026 for information of public at large. 
 
  
^
KfrancecJ enzymesWhRfP ENZYME is Ufn
=== PAGE 3 ===
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am Akash, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to Advanced Enzyme Technologies 
Limited Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all  participants will be in listen -only mode, and there'll be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing, * and then 0, on your touch-tone phone. Please note, this conference is being recorded.  
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Ronak Saraf. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
 
Ronak Saraf 
Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Advanced Enzyme Technologies Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call. We hope you all 
have gone through our financials, press release , and presentation, which has been posted in the Investor Relations section of our 
website. We have with us Mr. Vasant Rathi, Chairperson; Mr. Mukund Kabra, Whole-time Director; and Mr. Beni Prasad Rauka, 
Group CFO. Today, the management will discuss the performance and business highlights, updates on strategies , and respond to 
any questions that you may have. As usual, for ease of discussion, we will look at the consolidated financials. 
  
Now, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that some of the information shared during this call, particularly regarding our 
plans, strategies, and future outlook, may contain forward -looking statements.  These statements involve inherent risks and 
uncertainties and are based on current expectations, forecasts , and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those 
expressed or implied in these statements, influenced by a range of factors, including but not limited to economic conditions, changes 
in government policies, regulatory developments and other unforeseen circumstances.  
 
Recipients are cautioned not to place und ue reliance on these forward -looking statements, as they are not guarantees of future 
performance and should not be viewed as  substitute for independent judgment. The company undertakes no obligation to update 
or revise any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Now , without any further ado, 
we shall commence this call. Over to you, Vasant sir.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Thank you, Ronak. Good morning, everyone. I know this is the first time we are changing the call time from 4PM to 9AM. So, 
thank you for taking your time early in the morning during the working day. I sincerely appreciate you all taking your valuable 
time. I extend my heartiest welcome to everyone joining us today on the conference call to discuss the financial results for the 
quarter and fiscal year ended 31st March 2026.  
 
The global economy has  faced severe disruption, as yo u all know, in recent years due to a compounding mix of conflicts, 
geopolitical tensions, and inherently fragile supply chain. Conflicts between nations have interrupted the steady flow of ene rgy, 
food, and crucial raw materials, thereby injecting substant ial uncertainty across international market. Concurrently, supply chain 
disruption worsened the transportation bottleneck, and stringent trade restrictions have slowed down production cycles and delayed 
the delivery of essential goods worldwide. These cascading challenges have  significantly contributed to rising inflation , as 
businesses face higher manufacturing and shipping costs that are ultimately passed on to the consumers.  Consequently, the prices 
of everything necessities are soared globally, placing heavy financial pressure on households and weakening purchase power in 
this uncertain global environment.  
 
Despite these daunting global supply chain challenges, we have maintained a highly consistent supply track record. However, we 
remain vigilant, as increasing geopolitical disruption will escalate the prices of input essentials such as fuel, salt, solvent, packaging, 
vis-à-vis also logistics, potentially creating near-term margin pressures across the industry. 
  
Turning in our financial performance, I'm delighted to announce that Advanced Enzyme has reported its highest-ever quarterly and 
annual revenue for the fiscal year ended March 2026. For the fourth quarter, we reported revenue from operation at INR 2,034 
million, reflecting the robust YoY growth of 22% and sequential growth of 18%.  For the full year, our annual revenues stood at 
INR 7,458 million, representing a solid growth of 17%.  
 
Our operating profitability also demonstrated excellent momentum. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 632 million, registering 
a 39% YoY growth and 28% sequential growth on a full-year basis. EBITDA grew by 18%. EBITDA margin for both the quarter 
and the year remains strong at 31%. Profit after tax stood at INR 453 million for the quarter, showcasing a staggering growt h of 
69% on a YoY basis and 5% sequentially. On an annual basis, PAT grew by 30%. Consequently, our PAT margin stood at 22% 
for the quarter and 23% for the full fiscal year , as compared to 21% in FY25. Our overall financial performance is firmly in line 
=== PAGE 4 ===
Page 3 of 21 
 
with the earlier guidance. All of our business divisions delivered healthy growth, and we are confident that this steady momentum 
will continue into the coming year. 
  
Looking at the broader industry landscape, global pharmaceutical, nutraceutical and biotechnology sectors are increasingly shifting 
towards wider adoption of enzyme across various region. This macro trend is driving substantial market demand for a player li ke 
us, who can offer integrated end-to-end capabilities and customized solutions across these platforms.  
 
Over the course of the year, we have taken several strategic steps to fortify our mid -to-long-term market position. We have 
continued to invest in enhancing our R &D capabilities, which will accelerate our innovation pipeline, while parallell y exploring 
expansion into newer high-potential geographies.  
 
On the regulatory and compliance front, during this year, we filed two food enzyme dossiers with the European Food Safety 
Authority, EFSA, and three dossiers with the US FDA.  As mentioned in our previous interaction, our new R&D center in Nashik 
is expected to become fully operational in the lat ter half of this fiscal year, significantly boosting our product development 
bandwidth. Additionally, we are anticipating approval of our anti-inflammatory products, that we filed two years back in European 
region, during this year.  
 
Now, I will take you through our segment-wise revenue performance for the fourth quarter of FY26, as well as full fiscal year 2026. 
Let's begin with the Human Healthcare. Our largest and most critical segment revenue for Q4 FY26 stood at INR 1,281  million, 
marking a 24% YoY growth and 33% sequential increase. For the full year, year-to-date basis, we observed a solid growth of 15%. 
This growth was primarily driven by higher sales volumes in pharma API, biocatalysis, and nutritional business. Human Healthcare 
continues to be our flagship division, contributing 63% of our total revenue.  
 
Animal Healthcare revenue in this segment rose to INR 250 million, delivering a 19% increase YoY, 2% sequential, and 25% on 
year-to-date basis. An imal Healthcare account for 13% of our total revenue.  The growth is mainly driven by increased sales in 
Asia.  
 
Turning to bioprocessing , t his segment recorded 17% YoY growth during the quarter despite a 1 0% sequential contraction, 
finishing the year with 16% year-to-date growth. The annual growth was predominantly fueled by healthy performance of our food 
business, which grew by 20% YoY and 19% on the year-to-date basis. Conversely, the non-food business contracted by 1% YoY 
and 7% sequentially, remaining flat on the year-to-date basis.  
 
Lastly, the specialized manufacturing segment registered a 17% growth YoY and a 16% sequential growth. On a year-to-date basis, 
it grew by an impressive 23%. This segment currently represents 9% of our overall revenue. 
 
Our strategic product mix within each business division and operating leverage has continued to perform exceedingly well, 
supporting our healthy overall margins.  We anticipate that our entire portfolio spanni ng human nutrition, animal nutrition , and 
bioprocessing will perform even better and grow stronger as we move right into the new fiscal year.  
 
That said, our business outlook remains extremely steady. We'll continue to focus on optimize capacity allocation , improving 
supply chain efficiencies, ramping up new product launches and expanding our operational footprints across both developed and  
emerging market. With this, I will now hand over this call to Rauka ji. He will walk you through the financials and key subsidiary 
numbers. Beni?  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
Thank you very much, sir. Good morning, everyone. I hope you all are in good health and doing well. 
  
On the company's consolidated financials for the fourth quarter and year -end of fiscal year 2026, YoY basis, our revenue is 
increased by INR 362 million, 22% from INR 1,672 million to INR 2,034 million.  
 
Our EBITDA increased by INR 176 million, a 39% of increase from INR 456 million to INR 632 million, and it stood at 31%. 
 
Profit before tax after exceptional ite m increased by INR 163 million, a 38% increase from INR 430 million to INR 598 million. 
PAT increased by INR 186 million from INR 260 million to INR 453 million. So PAT is 22% of our revenue in this particular 
=== PAGE 5 ===
Page 4 of 21 
 
quarter. QoQ basis, this is sequential, revenue increased by INR 315 million, 18% increase from INR 1,719 million to INR 2,034 
million. EBITDA increased by INR 138 million, 28% increase from INR 494 million to INR 632 million.  
 
Profit before tax after exceptional item increased by INR 15 million from INR 583 million to INR 598 million. Profit after tax 
increased by INR 21 million from INR 432 million to INR 532 million. Financial year performance, YTD FY26 versus FY25 
annual basis, our revenue increased by INR 1,089 million, 17% increase from INR 6,369 million to INR 7,458 million. Our 
EBITDA increased by INR 347 million, which is 18% increase from INR 1,944 million to INR 2,291 million, and it is 31% of our 
revenue. Even FY25, it was 31%.  
 
Profit before tax increased by INR 451 million, a 24% of increase from INR 1,874 million to INR 2,325 million. So, this is 31% as 
compared to 29%. Profit after tax increased by INR 396 million, a 30% increase from INR 1,340 million to INR 1,736 million. Our 
PAT stood at 23% of our revenue as compared to 21% in FY25. 
  
JC Biotech revenue for last quarter Q4 was INR 172 million, EBITDA INR 15 million, PAT of INR 3 million as compared to INR 
112 million of revenue, INR 4 million of EBITDA, and PAT was negative in that particular quarter, INR 7 million. So, the JCB on 
annual basis, sale is increased from INR 600 million to INR 728 million. EBITDA increased from INR 70 million to INR 92 
million, and PBT increased from INR 12 million to INR 29 million.  
 
Evoxx for the quarter revenue stood at INR 88 million, EBITDA of INR 19 million and PAT of INR 14 million as compared to 
revenue of INR 43 million and the negative EBITDA of INR 4 million and negative PAT of INR 9 million in the Q4 of FY25. On 
annual basis, revenue of Evo xx stood at INR 319 million as compared to INR 213 million, a 50% increase. And EBITDA has 
increased negative INR 12 million to INR 72 million. PAT is increased to INR 50 million as compared to INR 39 million negative 
in FY25. 
  
Scitech has performed excellent, and Q4 numbers stood at revenue INR 179 million, EBITDA of INR 38 million, and PAT of INR 
29 million as compared to revenue of INR 156 million and EBITDA of INR 10 million and PAT of INR 5 million, respectively. 
Annual basis, Scitech top line stood at INR 668 million as compared to INR 542 million, a 23% increase. And EBITDA stood at 
INR 104 million as compared to INR 76 million, a 37% increase. And PAT is INR 45 million as compared to INR 37 million, so 
22% of increase.  
 
On an annual basis, our top product, which is anti-inflammatory enzyme sales, stood at 23%, and top 10 customers contributed 
23% as compared to 22% in FY25. B2C segment is about INR 0.9 million as compared to INR 1.19 million in FY20, and the 
complete total number is INR 4.37 million for FY26 as compared to INR 4.46 million in FY25.  
Our R&D expenditure total on standalone basis is INR 356 million in FY 26 as compared to INR 328 million  in FY25. On 
consolidated basis, our R&D spend is about 5.6% during Q4 and 5.3% in the corresponding quarter of F Y25. So, this is all from 
my side. We shall open the floor for question answer.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question -and-answer session. If you have a question, please press * 
and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask question. If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so 
by pressing * and 1 again. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  
The first question comes from the line of Mr. Abhishek Navalgund. Please go ahead, sir.  
 
Abhishek Navalgund 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Good morning, and congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on, I mean, you just explained the 
segment-wise details also. So, this clearly reflects that the quarter is all about growth that we have witnessed in Serratiopeptidase, 
the anti-inflammatory enzyme. 
But I'm just curious that while our sequential margin is also kind of in stock, it is mainly because of the operating leverage maybe, 
but why the gross margin has kind  of moderated on a sequential basis, especially when we see the U .S. share is also more or less 
similar? And our Human Nutrition, which is like the highest -margin segment, has also maintained or rather gained some share in 
terms of revenue. So this first question on the gross margin.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
Can you repeat, Abhishek? What is exactly what you want to know about the gross margin, Abhishek?  
=== PAGE 6 ===
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
Abhishek Navalgund 
I just wanted to know the movement that we have seen on sequential basis, the gross margin. While our Human Nutrition portfolio 
has done well, we have not lost share in terms of our U.S. exposure also. So, what could be the reason why our gross margin has 
moderated on QoQ basis this quarter?  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
So, this is mainly what happens is b ecause of the variable cost and fixed cost issue , right? If you have incremental sale, then 
definitely your gross margins are going to go up because your fixed expenses remains fixed, and you have that operating leverage.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
At the same time, we tried to improve the productivity, and there are certain products which we could increase the productivity as 
well in this quarter. And that's a continuous process with the R&D which comes up. So, it's a combination of both which helps us, 
even though the costs are written on the higher side because of all of this . Inflations and other thing which is happening with the 
war, still we could do it because of all the other factors, because there is a constant improvement on the output side as well.  
 
Abhishek Navalgund 
Sorry, sir. Actually, what I was trying to ask you is while our EBITDA margin has increased, I think if  you see our gross margin 
number, it has kind of dropped as compared to Q3.  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
So, you are talking about our gross contribution, right?  
 
Mukund Kabra 
Probably you can take last quarter, we had some extraordinary items on the front.  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
No. I think, Abhishek, can you again come back with your question, please? You are talking about gross margin.  
 
Abhishek Navalgund 
No, we can take this offline. That’s fine. My question was on gross margin. I'll connect with you later on this. 
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
Yes. That's fine.  
 
Abhishek Navalgund 
Yeah. So, I'm saying, on the Serratiopeptidase side, the increase that we have seen, this could be a function of  some market share 
gain in the domestic market. So, is it fair to assume that this quarterly run rate will continue going ahead?  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
I think, Mukund will give you the answer.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
I won't comment on that, Abhishek. There are always quarter and quarter variability, particularly, but I would say that we'll  retain 
most of it. And it's not only  inflammatory products, which we are working on , many other products as well, and those are also 
contributing.  
 
Abhishek Navalgund 
Sure. And you mentioned about the EU approval for the same product. So possible to share, I mean, how big would be the EU 
market for this product?  
 
Mukund Kabra 
=== PAGE 7 ===
Page 6 of 21 
 
It's a novel food wh ich we submitted two years back, and we expect this year it should be approved. If it gets approved, then we 
will be the only person who can supply that product for next five years or ten years. I need to see exactly what is the time frame 
which we get, and that should be really interesting for us. I won't be able to give you the numbers, but the interest can be very big.  
 
Abhishek Navalgund 
Sure. I'm not asking for any specific guidance, but any aspiration number that you can talk about, let's say, five-year down the line, 
how do you see this product growing? Whenever we'll get the approval, I mean, post that.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
We cannot. 
 
Mukund Kabra 
I can't comment on the particular product, but overall, what we expect to grow is in t he double-digit and maybe double-digit, and 
that's, like, what we are aiming for, and that is where all the efforts are there. We won't be able to say about the single p roduct or 
two products. There are multiple things which we want.  
 
Abhishek Navalgund 
Absolutely. My next question is on the current environment, wherein we are seeing inflation and everything. So, I think you talked 
about fuel, salt, solvents, packaging and logistics. So just would like to know in terms of raw material increase, I guess we  are 
relatively sorted because we procure largely from India.  But when it comes to these items like fuel, s alt, solvents, packaging, 
logistics, so how is the pass -through structure like in this quarter? And do you expect some margin pressure because of the  full 
effect getting flowed through in Q1?  
 
Mukund Kabra 
There is always going pressure because if  you're really looking to the -- you want to take, Vasant Sir? Go ahead. Hello? Vasant, 
sir, you want to take it?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Yeah. No. Abhi shek, there's alway s going to be margin pressure. These are all uncertain times with what is going to happen 
tomorrow with your energy. The industry is very much based upon a lot of energy and other costs, so. 
 
Abhishek Navalgund 
Sure. My only point was, basically, is there will be a one quarter, two quarter lag? Is it possible to comment on that, whether we 
are passing it on or partly passing it on to the customers?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
No. Abhishek, it is difficult to pass on very competitive world, global climate. But you try to increase the productivity, increase the 
efficiencies and try to reduce the cost. There are a lot of mitigating -- a lot of things which we had to work in. Management is very 
aware of it, trying to compete in the global marketplace. We had to be very efficient.  
 
Abhishek Navalgund 
Right. My last question, sir, in terms of guidance, what do you expect in revenue and margins in FY27 and a specific color on U.S. 
business in particular?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Well, margin and things, as I mentioned before, it's going to be steady , same idea what we are talking about. We wanted to keep 
this momentum and hopefully build upon it, okay . As far as the U.S. market is concerned, your second part of the question, there 
is enormous pressure of the inflationary pressures here in the U.S. economy due to energy. Nobody knows what's going to happen 
in 15 days from now or two months from now. But, overall, cost is dramatically increasing. And, as I mentioned in my comments 
before, the spending or what you call it, people's discretionary expenses is going to be a lot of pressure on that. So , we'll see how 
that plays out, okay. This is going to be a very challenging year no matter what, okay.  
 
Abhishek Navalgund 
Awesome. This is very helpful. Thank you, and all the best.  
=== PAGE 8 ===
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
Vasant Rathi 
You're welcome. Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go ahead, 
sir.  
 
Kunal Thanvi 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I had two questions. One was if you can throw some light on, you know, India business growth in 
terms of pricing and volume. Like, was there an element of price increases because, like, three, four quarters, like, we saw 
significant price erosion in our largest product?  
Second question was to Mr. Rathi about your thoughts on buyback of shares. We've seen you know, been buying from open market, 
and there's a change in the taxation law in India , post which buyback becomes good for the retail investors. Any t houghts if you 
can share about  capital allocation? Because, like, you've also not  announced interim dividend this time around. I was curious to 
know how we are thinking about the cash that we have on the balance sheet?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Well, I will try to an swer your second question first. You guys are more professionals knowing about the market and prices, but 
we will be looking at all the necessary options of what is in the best interest of our shareholders and how we increase the v alue of 
our shareholders, okay. Regarding the pressure on the --  
 
Kunal Thanvi 
So sir, is it fair to assume that buyback is also something that you, is like the board is considering? 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Yeah. It's a board's priority to look into various different areas, and I'm sure that on the right time board will take a decision, okay. 
To see whatever, they feel is best interest of the company shareholders. And regarding your first part, Mukund can probably answer 
this.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
Kunal, do you want to know if there is a margin pressure or what? 
 
Kunal Thanvi 
No. My question, Serratiopeptidase, like, is the growth that we have seen in the Indian business side, is it entirely volume -driven, 
or there was some price increase that also we saw during the quarter? Because, like, four quarters back or three quarters back, when 
there was competition in this segment, we had talked about pricing pressure. Is this a reversal of that pricing pressure now coming 
through, leading to this kind of growth, or it was purely a volume growth that we have seen?  
 
Mukund Kabra 
So, let's not look into the quarter -and-quarter basis. I w ould say some quarters, you will have a higher growth on the particular 
products, some quarters some other products will have it. In terms of pricing, the pricing is more or less constant. It's more driven 
by the volume, but at the same time, going forward, we are looking how do we increase the cost and pass on some of the cost, and 
which we are trying to do from the New Year.  
 
Kunal Thanvi 
Sure, fair. Got it. And last questi on was, we talked about the U.S. market, is that possible slowdown will continue for FY 2010, 
given the geopolitical situation. And then, like at the other end, you've spoken about our aspiration to do a double -digit growth in 
FY27. Like if you can break down these counters into what are the markets that you believe will kind of support the growth, or to 
make sure that a flat or a negative U.S. market for FY27 and still we kind of do a double -digit growth. And like, if that happens, 
what is the second order impact on the margins? Because U.S., I would assume, is a higher-margin business, right? So, if you can 
talk about these two aspects it will be really helpful  
 
 
=== PAGE 9 ===
Page 8 of 21 
 
Mukund Kabra 
So going forward, the next year, we expect little growth coming from the U.S., and not like the negative growth. We are working 
on many different fronts. At the same time, when we go into the Indian areas, we are working on , different avenues, different 
markets we are opening. The last year, we work on many different areas, and probably all the growth will come from all the three 
segments, including, like, human  nutraceutical, food, and like animal feed. So we expect a healthy growth this year from Indian 
space as well.  
 
Kunal Thanvi 
Sure, a nd is it fair to assume that you w ould be able to hold on to the margins or, you know, as we've  
seen in FY26, or because of some pressures and -- the cost pressures in the U.S., there could be an impact on margins? 
 
Mukund Kabra 
I wouldn't say that too much of impact. 1% or 2% is always p ossible, and that's a variability what we have. And I wouldn't like to 
get into the nit ty-gritty of it, maybe, like a Rauka, you can explain. But if you ask me more or less, we will go with the same 
margins, and that's what our assumption is. But Rauka, you can put give more focus on the margins exactly, what are the numbers 
saying.  
 
Kunal Thanvi 
Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
Thank you. You're welcome.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Rajas Joshi from Chrys Capital. Please go ahead, sir.  
 
Rajas Joshi 
Yeah. Thank you for your opportunity. So, my first question is on the U.S. business. So, if I look at the revenue for this quarter, it 
is down some 11% in INR terms. Now , given the precision of the INR, in dollar terms, the decline must have been a lot more 
sharper, so to speak. So just wanted to get a sense on what exactly is happening there. Because I think now, with the tariffs behind 
as well, we were expecting a recovery in this business. And that is somehow not shown up in the numbers.  So, just wanted to get 
a sense of what exactly is going on, and is it time for us to rethink our strategy in U.S. and probably change the way we are working 
there?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Rajas, the market is changing in U.S. quite a bit. There is more concentration on the deliverable registration, the studies, et c. And 
U.S. strategy, changing accordingly. So, market is, as we said before, also very challenging, but we are making very good inroads 
with the registration in the regulatory areas , as well as in the market segments , okay. So, it is going to be, as I said before, very 
challenging year, but we are expecting to grow in U.S. market also.  
 
Rajas Joshi 
Thank you for the answer, sir. My second question would be on our India business. This quarter has seen a significant increase in 
sales of about 50%, and they are also been good for us in India. So Sera, obviously, I think there was an earlier mention of Sera 
volume going up. But outside of Sera, any other products that you would like to call out or any other segment that you would like 
to possibly call out that is done well for us in India, both in this quarter and for the year as well? Even and then, if you could please 
also call out your biocatalysis revenue for Q4 and for the full year as well, please.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
The revenue, Raukaji, can tell you what exactly the revenue is. But going forward, we do expect, like, a good growth to come from 
the biocatalysis as well in Indian market. I would like to mention that, not only, the pharma, but this year we grew very well in the 
food area, as well as in the animal feed area. And even our specialty business gr ew very well, and we expect that this moment um 
to continue going forward as well. But if you want a specific biocatalyst number, probably, Raukaji can give you. Yeah, but going 
forward, we do expect a good growth coming from those areas as well.  
=== PAGE 10 ===
Page 9 of 21 
 
 
Rajas Joshi 
Understood, sir. And Sir, I --  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
Biocatalysis, I think you wanted the numbers, right?  
 
Rajas Joshi 
Yes, please.  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
INR 247 million for the FY26. And last year, it was INR 174 million.  
 
Rajas Joshi 
Understood, sir. Thanks a lot. My next question will be on our R&D pipeline. So outside of Sema, which – sorry, Sera which you've 
already spoken about, the European filing, any other products that are there in pipeline for us, which is still gaining more traction 
or we are expected to launch soon in this year and then year after that, which you would like to highlight?  
 
Mukund Kabra 
This is a continuous process. We are working on many projects as we were talking. Coming this year, probably, in the second half, 
our R&D new facility should be operational. And after that, we should be able to work on more different products. And because of 
the competition of the nature, I don't want to now going forward , specify the individual products because that just creates the 
pressure of the products. So going forward, I will not be l ike to mention the exact product, but we are working on many different 
products. That's what I would like to say.  
 
Rajas Joshi 
Understood, sir. And, I mean, it seems like the company has turned around in FY 26 after a difficult FY25. So, I mean, apart from 
the revenue outlook which you shared, as the nature of our revenue in some sense also, you know, kind of become more long-term 
or recurring than it was earlier, is the quality of revenue increased, so to speak?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Quality of revenue is extremely well and very stable.  
 
Rajas Joshi 
Understood. Got it. And last question on capital allocation. I think one of the earlier participants also had a question on t his. So, I 
mean, looking at our balance sheet, they were around INR 700 crores of cash. And d espite that, we have canceled the interim 
dividend. So just wanted to get some thoughts on your thought process regarding that.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
That's again, I will say that is the board decisions, which board always evaluate from time to time on how to enh ance our 
shareholder’s value by different modes and methods, as you guys know very well. So we are always, as a company board member, 
are always looking to see how and where we can do, how we can benefit from this to our shareholders.  
 
Rajas Joshi 
Understood, sir. And so , when I brought a question on the fermentation space, so to speak , this would be my last question. You 
know, there are couple of peers, who actually have now entered, let's say, emerging areas like animal – nope, sorry, non-meat-
based proteins, which are also manufactured in the fermentation itself. And those segments also have  good growth potential and 
healthy margin profile as well. So we just want to get a sense on how we are looking at some of these adjacent areas, and are we 
considering these areas for future expansion as well?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
So, I just it is a protein overall category is a growth category, as you all know very well , okay. Non-meat protein is taking some 
traction as we understand it, and we are continuously working on v arious different areas to see how we can take the advantage of 
=== PAGE 11 ===
Page 10 of 21 
 
it, you know, in the whole segment, not only non-meat protein area, but all the entire protein area, so to speak. But, yes, it is a very 
interesting area, and, obviously, we are always looking into all these growth areas. 
  
Rajas Joshi 
All right. Thanks a lot, sir, and wishing you all the very best.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Thank you so much, Rajas.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Nikhil Upadhyay from Securities Investments Management. 
Please go ahead, sir.  
 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Hello. Good morning. Am I audible? 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Yeah. Thank you. Good morning.  
 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Congrats on a good set of numbers for the quarter and the year as a whole. Now , my broader question is, sir, if we look at our 
growth trajectory in the past since listing, there have been periods when we had very strong growth, then there was a period when 
the growth would come down to single digit. This time, it seems you are more confident on the sustain.  
And so what are the factors or what we have done differently from the past which gives you confidence that this growth momentum 
can sustain? And in a similar spirit, if we look at it  in, this time the growth, even for the year, has been mor e broad-based, like, 
human nutrition has grown. Animal nutrition has grown. So if you can just talk about what at a company level we have done 
differently or what changes we have done over the last two years where we are seeing this broader growth versus segmental growth, 
which used to happen earlier?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Sure, Nikhil. It's a very good question, and thank you for asking that. As you can see, the growth is broader. And what it was is we 
have to focus on the areas which we want to grow. And initially, also from the beginning, we are telling that we have changed the 
focus on not running after every single thing, but focused on the areas which we are very good at, and we wanted to grow.  
 
And it has to become supplemented with lot of research and not necessarily just a commodity product or need to products. So we 
made a lot of changes in that particular segment. Our outlook is more broad-based and long-term rather than the short-term margins. 
And what you see is that reserves cumulative efforts for some years now that it is paying off this year, in spite of lot of challenges 
in the global marketplace, okay. And our outlook is a global now. It is not a segmented outlook only. We look at the entire region. 
World is very fast. It's now coming to the AI world very shortly.  
And as you can see, we need to be very rapid and very broad -based and deeper rather than a commodity. So those are the kind of 
changes we are making -- we made actually, and continue to make. As I mentioned that also in my opening remarks , that within 
next six months, this fiscal year, will be operational into our R&D center, which is one of the largest research-based center in our 
area so far that I know of.  
So we are going for innovations, as our PM says, you know, rather than just service industry. And that is what you can see, a lot of 
registration, a lot of papers, a lot of research, and we are spending substantial -- and we are committed to spend substantial amount 
of our earnings into the R&D sector. Does that give you answers to your question? 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Yes, sir. It gives a comprehensive view. I would just want to understand one more point because when we go for a more 
comprehensive, and in-depth entrance with the customer or entrenchment and more innovation, but there are two aspects which 
probably can throw light. One is with our existing customers, say, which were present three years back, today, what quantum of 
business we would have increased with them? And secondly, if we look at the growth beyond our top 10 customers, h ow would 
that be? 
=== PAGE 12 ===
Page 11 of 21 
 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Well, you will find that our top 10 customers will be very much evolving and expanding, okay . And that is because of what we 
have, what I said before. And we are very keen on increasing our share of revenues from the existin g customers also, which they 
have already established for so many years. So, there is a lot of changes globally happening right now as you are very well aware, 
Nikhil. And, obviously, a lot of companies are looking at us also into the different angle, different perspective. So it is an exciting, 
even though challenging time. And we feel very confident that this really , with a lot of work which we have done in last several 
years is taking a deep root into it. 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Sure, sir. Thanks. Just two questions. One is, sir, see, today, we are almost INR 750, 800 crore kind of a top line company. When 
we today go to a new customer, the kind of discussion which they are having with us versus when we were a smaller company, 
say, five or seven years back, today, the kind of projects which we are getting, are they more innovation-driven, or is it more of a, 
like, second supplier source kind of a replacement which we are doing?  So how would you define the kind of work on the R&D  
we are doing? Is it more newer product and the even the companies are open to give them to us, or is there still some skepticism?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Okay. That's again you're asking very good questions. Well, both. Again, I guess, I will answer you both because new companies, 
quite a few new companies are approaching us. Old companies are all those companies which are established are checking us out, 
kind of thing, you know. So, yes, we are working on both. One is we need to continue on getting the revenues from the existing or 
these new sources, which are just costly one. At the same time, we have to establish the new markets, which without innovations, 
which is a little deep rooted. So the strategies are combination of both.  
 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Okay. And last question. See, two or three years back, if we go back to our call, one of the idea which we had was that this is a 
business which is driven by volumes, and volumes will provide us operating leverage. Now even from -- and I'm taking a base 
post-COVID when we were at INR 530 crores, today, we are at INR 750 crores.  
It seems we have, like, sacrificed some weight on the gross margin because gross margins have come down from 75%. It may not 
be a sacrifice. But the operating leverage has not played out the way we had thought or we had investo rs had thought that then 
volumes will come, operating leverage will play out. So is there something wrong with the understanding of the business, or i s it 
just sacrifice this year and then we are okay doing business at 30% margins, but let's focus on getti ng more customer traction. So 
what have we chosen between the two? 
 
Vasant Rathi 
More customer tractions.  
 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Sure. So this means that margins should remain in this level, and operating leverage would probably provide it for more volume 
growth, we will look at. 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Yeah, yes.  
 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. I'll come back. 
  
Vasant Rathi 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Lakshmi Narayanan from Tunga Investments. Please go 
ahead, sir.  
 
 
=== PAGE 13 ===
Page 12 of 21 
 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
Yeah. Thank you. Hope I'm audible, sir. 
 
Moderator 
Yes, sir. 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Yes. You are, Lakshmi Narayanan.  
 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
Sir, two questions. Sir, I  noticed that Mr. Roda is moving on, and he has been a big part  of our management. I just want to 
understand, how the organization is maintaining stability and how the organization is actually moving forward , and whether any 
next person has actually taken a lead in that area.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Mukund, I cannot hear for your questions properly. Maybe you're a little too low sound.  
 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
Sir, I understand that Mr. Deepak Roda, who has been part of our team for a long time, had decided to move on. And I just wanted 
to just understand how that role has been mostly transitioned and if any other person has been replaced, how he has been replaced 
also?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Well, in an organization, of course, when somebody leaves, such as Mr. Roda, who works for a long time with the company as a 
part and becomes a part of the company, that hurt overall. But, there is always a management, second-level management, and third-
level management, which take care of it. 
 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
Okay. Has anyone been appointed, and is the same capacity of having a key role he was in?  
 
Mukund Kabra 
So, Lakshmi Narayanan ji, what we did is, like, Mr. Roda was handling some part of Indian business and some part of U.S. business. 
So, we manage with two different heads at this point of time who are, equally capable and the second line -up, and that's how we 
are going right now. And I guess, we should be able to do good. We will not be having too much of difficulty going forward as 
well.  
 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
And Mr. Rathi, you are al ways urged us  to think the company on a longer term, not look at quarter,  
not look at year. But if I just look at our U.S. business from March 22 end to March 26 end, I see that there is a significant divergence 
from the performance, which is down around 6% on Indian rupee terms, while the currency has actually also depreciated by 22%. 
So how does the management view this? Is it something which you anticipated or you're happy about? How do you like to measure 
the -- or how do you like us to look at your U. S. business over a longer period, not necessarily a year or two, but slightly longer?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Overall, we always told you that it is a balanced business, a global business. It is export -driven business as well as local business. 
So, look, you have to keep and look at it in the same way. Nothing had changed. One year, as I said, various things takes little time 
to deep root, and that is what we are doing right now, you know, globally, not only in the U.S. market, but global markets all over. 
So, it is just like somebody said, when one door closes, second, some other door opens.  
 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
If I just engage on that further, sir, how do you like us to look at the U.S. business process? Because that's a business where it's 
really dear to you, and you are putting all y our efforts to expand that business. And how  do you think you look at it, I mean, how 
do you think we should look at it, how you are looking at it over a longer period? I'm not looking at a year, but slightly longer. 
  
=== PAGE 14 ===
Page 13 of 21 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Yes. It's going to be a g rowth business as usual. Our business is a growth business. And U .S. business, you should be looking at 
long-term steady growth business, okay.  
 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
Got it. And the third question is that, from the Serratio business, right, I mean, how much that did contribute for the full year, and 
what has been the YoY growth? And as a follow-up on that business, I see that the competition is little muted, if I can understand. 
So can you just tell me how are you thinking about competitive intensity in the S erratio business? So I think two parts of the 
question. One is what has been the contribution of Serratio for the full year and especially the last year? And how is the competitive 
intensity? Because I understand that one of the competitors is not selling the product.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Beni, you want to answer on that one and Mukund? 
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
Yeah. So as Mukund was mentioning, I think this is the last time we will be sharing this number. This is Serratio, I think we have 
on YTD growth about 45%, and QoQ is about 54% growth. So I think you will all appreciate this information is always being asked 
and creates of a lot of pressure on the product by the competitors. So maybe we will restrict and have a limitation of sharing of this.  
 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
Okay. Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Shreyans Gathani from SG Securities. Please go ahead, sir.  
 
Shreyans Gathani 
Hi, good morning, sir. I had a couple of questions. The first one is on the biocatalysis. You know, a few calls ago, you had mentioned 
that there are some trials going on. So just wanted to get a sense of the overall business and any updates on that.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Mukund?  
 
Mukund Kabra 
At this point of time, I would like to say that we are working on  few of the products. Trial are going well, but won't be able to 
comment on the exact number right now. And next year, what we are looking at it is some moderate growth coming from this area.  
 
Shreyans Gathani 
Got it. So any estimate on  when these would c omplete? Because they've been going on, like, as far as I know, like, six to nine 
months already.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
There are not one or two products. We are working on many different products. In some of the products, you get some challenges. 
But I would sti ll say that this year, we expect some growth coming from this area. Whenever that will happen, that will be the 
quarter. We are going to put it up as a different category, and we would like to comment on that. As of now, I would say that this 
year, we expect some growth coming from this area.  
 
Shreyans Gathani 
Got it. That's it.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Keep in mind that this is very, again, challenging area, I would say, because it also depends a lot on  
the government bod y’s regulations and global competition, you know, so changes of processes. There are a lot of things, lot of 
factors into this. But we still, irrespective, because of the several different product lines and trials going on, we expect, as Mukund 
says, moderate growth in this continuous growth on this market.  
=== PAGE 15 ===
Page 14 of 21 
 
 
Shreyans Gathani 
Got it. That's helpful. The second question was on the gross margin. I think you alluded there's some extraordinary item this quarter. 
If you could just expand on that, just trying to understand a little more. 
 
Mukund Kabra 
Rauka ji? 
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
So the gross margin is particularly driven by  product mix which the company ha s and the group has, so if you see the domestic 
sales is kind of higher as compared to total consolidated sales, which in t urn sometimes gives us lesser margin. But on an overall 
basis, if you see on a full year basis, the gross margin is kind of one percentage down because of product mix only.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
No. He was asking about some extraordinary item, I think that something was there in the last quarter, which is not here right now.  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
That was there in FY Q3, right? Q3, we had some exceptional item. That was, I think, one was related to reversal of some provision, 
which we were carrying in our books for some litigation matter. So that has come in our favo ur. So about, I think, INR 16 crore 
was the reversal. And in addition to that, we have provided for the impact of the labour laws because in India, you have seen that  
new labor laws have been enacted. So, impact of those labour laws on our payroll cost, so that we have taken into account. So this 
is, I think, pertaining to Q3 of this year.  
 
Shreyans Gathani 
Got it. So my last question pertains to the R&D center, like, maybe expected to operationalize in the second half of the year. So 
what kind of incremental expenses are we looking at in terms of percentage of R&D spends, in terms of  percentage and rupee 
spend? Then also, like, have you already started hiring for that? Like, what is it going to be the capacity for that? How many people 
are we looking to hire over there? 
 
Mukund Kabra 
Of course, the expenses are going to go up, but not like we will try to maintain betwee n the whatever the current percentage what 
we are going up because it also depends on the function of the sales. In terms of persons, some persons we already hired, som e 
persons we are planning to shift from our existing R&D center, and some persons we are in a process to hire. In terms of capacity, 
the capacity in a given time, it will take some more time to really come to the fullest utilization, but we intend to increas e in the 
first phase by the threefold of what current capacity what we have.  
 
Shreyans Gathani 
Okay.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
It's a phased manner. You know, expansion will be in a phased-out manner.  
 
Shreyans Gathani 
Got it. That's helpful. So, are we looking to close down the other R&D centers, because you said we are moving people?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
No. We will not be closing.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
Those will continue. But at the same time, some people will move from here. We will be going with lot of modern machineries out 
there so that the people requirement will be lesser, but we can get more higher output out there. 
 
Shreyans Gathani 
Okay. Got it.  
=== PAGE 16 ===
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
In absolute terms, the R&D revenue expenditure is likely to go up by INR 50 million. Okay. And CapEx is definitely going on. So 
that will be, again, additional, I think, INR 50 crores we will be spending this year. So I think overall CapEx on R&D will be about 
INR 130 crores.  
 
Shreyans Gathani 
Got it.  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
And maybe 50 we are going to spend during this year.  
 
Shreyans Gathani 
Got it. Okay. And what would be our current utilization? Are we looking to do any kind of capacity expansion , in terms like, I 
know we just do incremental and we find efficiencies, but anything as we are increasing sales, are we going to need more capacities, 
or are we okay with this? 
 
Mukund Kabra 
In the main company, we will be taking that call after September. As of now, we do have a preparation on the on the ground , so 
that whenever we want to go, we can go very quickly, rapidly. The infrastructure buildup is done. We may look into some capacity 
increment in the one of the subsidiary company this year. So those are the plans as of now.  
 
Shreyans Gathani 
Got it. That's very helpful. That's all from my end. Thank you, and good luck.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Thank you.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Rohit Ohri from Progressive Shares. Please go ahead, sir.  
 
Rohit Ohri 
Hi, team. Good to see the company evolve from domestic enzyme manufacturer to an integrated specialty bio solution platform. I 
think this is where the alpha lies, and many congrats on this, one of the strongest quarter that you all have delivered.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Thank you.  
 
Rohit Ohri 
Yes, sir. So I have a few questions. While yo u're becoming a global innovator in this bio -manufacturing platform with certain 
modes that you have, and we also see this small CWIP or some sort of expansion that is happening, if you can take us through that, 
this fermentation capacity that we have of a round 500 kind of metric cube -- sorry, meter cube capacity. But when do you think 
that the next round of expansion should come through? 
 
Mukund Kabra 
That’s what I said. Like, we might look some capacity expansion into the one of our subsidiary company, and we will take the call 
in the month of September when we should really increase. So as of now, currently stand, we do have infrastructure to increase the 
capacity increment by 50% right away. Okay, so we'll take the call as we move forward in this year.  
 
Rohit Ohri 
Kabra ji, what would be the peak revenue that we get from this capacity currently? 
=== PAGE 17 ===
Page 16 of 21 
 
 
Mukund Kabra 
It's very difficult to say because, Rohit, it's like always the product mix, how it's moving, what are the different areas wh ich are 
moving. And as I was saying, like, there is a constant improvement in the productivity. So, it's a lot of blending games, even, like, 
I mentioned earlier as well, like, this year, we could increase some of the products  output to maintain the pressure on the pricing. 
So these are all the blended, I mean, like, it's very difficult to say exactly revenue. 
  
Rohit Ohri 
Okay. Sir, on the working capital, we see some stress over there in the inventory. Is it because of the demand, or, is it som e new 
client that you all are onboarding, or maybe just talking because of the pricing in the industry? 
 
Mukund Kabra 
It's not only the pricing, but it's because of the uncertainties of supply chain and other things that  
you never know what will happen tomorrow. So , you don't want to get  stock-out for the raw materials and other area. And you 
should be able to deliver because it's a game of, like, logistic delivery. So sometimes you need to build up the capacity, build up 
the inventories to manage all the changing global environments.  
 
Rohit Ohri 
And on the receivables side, is it because of stronger sales, or are we giving some higher credit to some of the clients or customers? 
 
Mukund Kabra 
The things are more or less same. But, Ra uka, you can put some more lights on the number. I don' t feel like there is a much of 
difference, on the strategy front.  
 
Rohit Ohri 
Okay. Sir, on the competitive positioning, while Ra thi ji also mentioned that this year could be a little bit of a challenging on the 
international front, how do you see -- or what are the things that generally the customer looks at while they are trying to choose 
AETL over Novonesis and or Hansen? What are the cost advantages that we generally see? And why would they prefer us while 
we might compare with some of the European players or maybe some other players in China who could be having better margins 
or maybe defensive margins as compared to us?  
 
Mukund Kabra 
It's like, the time is always challenging. It's a very good question. The time is always challenging, and the challenging time always 
create some opportunities. I always feel that the company like us gets more opportunity when the time is more challenging because 
that's the time when every everyone is in panic. That's the only time the people start looking for the alternatives as well. If you are, 
like, comfortable, probably, you don't look into it. 
 
Vasant Rathi 
And also, one more thing you have to remember that we are not a company which is just came up in the last few years. It has a  
tremendous track record of last 30-40 years, right? So that all counts. That is because, ultimately, people should trust you  deliver. 
That you can deliver.  
 
Rohit Ohri 
Okay. Makes sense, Rathi ji. My last two questions is if you can take us through what are the  developments which are happening 
with Staria, which was recently having some corporate developments happening over there. 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Well, it has been just being established completely independently. And I think the will be coming year will be the first year for the 
Staria as you see independent company. The response is pretty good.  
 
Rohit Ohri 
Anything on the numbers that you would like to share on the top line? 
 
Vasant Rathi 
=== PAGE 18 ===
Page 17 of 21 
 
No. There is nothing another. It is just a starting, so there is not much of a numbers came right now. 
 
Mukund Kabra 
Rohit, I would say that we are not, like, really looking for the numbers, but it's more like a strategical fit as well to expand the U.S. 
market as well, right? So, it's more like a strategy rather than the exactly number, and we are not really looking for two big numbers 
to come up in just near terms. 
 
Rohit Ohri 
Okay. Last one. If you have the number  handy, maybe an approximate number to the revenue which could be coming from the 
products which are launched in the last three years or so. 
 
Mukund Kabra 
Good question. We will have to calculate, R ohit ji. But yeah, there will be some good review as well. Because  we don't, like, 
separate it out that way, yeah. 
  
Vasant Rathi 
Yeah. It is not like, as you know, we have do a lot of combination products, lot of very proprietary products, and it's not possible, 
at least sometimes, to just say this is more or this is less kind of thing. We have a broad range of enzymes, and they have their own 
function. And it is just create a very unique formulation for the industry.  
 
Rohit Ohri 
Rathi ji, ballpark number, maybe, like, 10% or maybe 15%. That is what I was looking at. 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Well, the growth you can see whenever you take out one individual product, which you all know, and rest of them is all like that.  
 
Rohit Ohri 
Okay. 
 
Vasant Rathi 
We are very much as a, what you call it, proprietary enzyme product kind of company. 
 
Rohit Ohri 
Okay, Rathi ji, Kabra ji, thanks for answering my question. Thanks a lot.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Oh, pleasure. Thank you, Rohit. Anytime. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Ashish Thavkar from UTI. 
 
Ashish Thavkar 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Is there any update on where we are in terms of the U.S. tariffs, discussion with the customers? 
Are they still on the back foot? What's the scene there? 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Ashish, thank you for asking this question. You know, every day there's a new drama. We initiated, the customers are always asking 
when they can get the refund back, and we are asking the government when we can get the refund back, and so on and so forth. So 
let's play the tune and see what happens, you know, whether the Congress in U.S. Congress acts on it or don't act on it. 
But there is a lot of drama going on in the court, and politicians, and the business. The people more or less understood that there is 
a reality of this, and prices in the marketplace is going up. Inflation is really hitting up here also in the U.S., not only in energy, but 
all the sector, food sectors, supplemental sectors, supplies, all supply lines, okay. We just have a challenge how we can pass on this 
cost to the customers. 
=== PAGE 19 ===
Page 18 of 21 
 
 
Ashish Thavkar 
So as of now, we are still absorbing, 10-odd percentage cost, right, from the tariff?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Yeah, to a certain extent, yes. And it is a gradual process to pass it on and to explain. So that's a process, but you cannot just p ass 
on everything to the customer and lose the market share.  
 
Ashish Thavkar 
But at 18% tariff, we would not be very uncompetitive, right, versus the competition? 
 
Vasant Rathi 
No, it's a competitive market. It is , you know, when you get into ingredients and when their cost goes up, and the market is very 
different, you know, how many times they had to  increase that to make their sales , and then that becomes whether the consumer 
can afford it or not is another issue which they have to face, and what will impact for them because it's a B2B market, no, so?  
 
Ashish Thavkar 
Yeah, great. So lastly, on this chemistries, since we are also on the peptide enzymes , and peptide is in, you know, finding lot of 
relevance globally, what are the opportunities that we are seeing in these chemistries? And if you could help us highlight what are 
the new chemistries that you guys are targeting? 
  
Vasant Rathi 
It's a very interesting opportunity. So, we will try to explore it also. Since we are in a protein area, and enzymes, proteins go hand 
in hand, and peptides are also part of it. So very interesting areas, and we are exploring all various different possibilities.  
 
Ashish Thavkar 
Great. Thanks, and all the best.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Umang Shah from Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go ahead, 
sir.  
 
Umang Shah 
Hi, sir. Congrats on the great performance. Am I audible?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Yes, sir. 
 
Umang Shah 
Yeah, great. Sir, I have two questions. Sir, first one is, if you could give the breakup between India and international business in 
the B2B division segment.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
What is the question?  
 
Umang Shah 
The breakup of the Indian and international business. 
 
Mukund Kabra 
Yes. Rauka ji? 
=== PAGE 20 ===
Page 19 of 21 
 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Beni?  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
Yes. I'm giving the information.  
 
Umang Shah 
Sir, meanwhile, the second question was, if you can help me understand, was there any one-time component in the India revenues 
of Q4? Any sort of pre-booking or pre-buying by customer or something?  
 
Mukund Kabra 
No, there is no that kind of revenue. It's not a one-time revenue.  
 
Umang Shah 
Okay. Sure, sir. And, sir, one last question was that with our India R&D coming in, would we be freeing up some capacity in Evoxx 
to make it more customer-facing, or would Evoxx continue doing R&D for us? 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Evoxx will continue doing R&D, which -- yeah.  
 
Umang Shah 
Okay. Sure, sir.  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
Umang?  
 
Umang Shah 
Yes, sir.  
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
32% of our business has come from India. I'm talking about human nutrition business , and of our total revenue. 32% from India 
domestic market, and 30% has come from international market. So the total is 63% contribution of human nutrition business in our 
total revenue for FY26.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
It's a balance. Basically.  
 
Umang Shah 
Absolutely, sir. So, it's 32% time, yeah. Got it. Yeah. Thank you so much, sir. Have a great year. 
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
Thank you. 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Ketan Chheda, an Individual investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Ketan Chheda 
Yeah, t hank you so much for the opportunity. And sir, congratulations on a good performance for  
the whole year. Indeed, a good growth that you've achieved. Sir, my first question is with respect to the patents, the number s that 
=== PAGE 21 ===
Page 20 of 21 
 
you publish every quarter in your presentation.  I saw that the number has gone down from 17 to 15. Could you just throw some 
light on that, sir? Like, why is the number of patents reduced? 
 
Mukund Kabra 
So, some of the patents, which were not giving the revenue, we thought that is not significant. We are cut down from the list, but 
we filed two or three. I need to see the exact numbers which we got granted this year as well. But few of the old patents which we 
thought are not, making contribution to the revenue, we are not focusing on them.  
 
Ketan Chheda 
Understood. Thank you so much for that. And my other question is, when I look at your segmental performance, of course, it's a 
very good growth on all segments, human nutrition, animal nutrition, so and so forth. But when we look at the geographic the thing 
and of course, the U.S. market has been much discussion we called earlier. But my question is, with respect to a bit long-term going 
in the past, even if I see four or five years, right, f rom starting 2021 onwards, our U.S. business has not kind of  
grown significantly. 
So if you could help us understand what kind of business are we doing there? And you, of course, mentioned about the competitive 
landscape being a bit tougher there. So, if you could throw some more light, I don't know, what kind of business it is and what kind 
of challenges that we face, that would help us understand the U.S. business better?  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Yeah. Most of our U.S. business is in nutraceutical market. We do various different industrial segments in food area and so on, but 
most of the business is in the nutraceutical market, okay. And the nutraceutical market is under tremendous churn right now in last 
few years, changing the face of it and changing the habits of the people.  
So as you can see, last few years, now probiotics is one of the major market segment. So, U.S. markets is always changing with the 
new habits, and then rest of the global catch-up is there. And this is always going to be like that. But market is growing in various 
different segments, and we need to catch-up that rising trend, and that's what we're doing.  
 
Ketan Chheda 
Right. So, then my next question was also we can speak with respect to probiotics view, which you just touched upon. If I look at 
the presentation, you've given a segmental revenue also for the probiotics, which has significantly reduced from last year. So, again, 
if you could help us understand why we see probiotics as a growth segment for us, and our revenue contribution in that segment is 
a very small one, and the addressable market is a significant one.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
So, Ketanji, what happened there is, what we are reporting the revenues are the -- what we used to or what we are currently as well 
reporting the revenue s are the individual, which was, kind of what I would say is a commodity market. Now , the approach has 
changed, and we are making lot of different solutions using the probiotics, which are not really reflecting into the exact numbers 
because it is very difficult to segregate them because it's always been not utilized as a n individual product. So, the probiotics is, 
like, used very widely in a lot of, like, U.S. formulations, but you won't be able to separate it out. Exactly. The numbers what you 
are looking at, it is going down or going up. It's the individual probiotics which you are selling, and those are, like, more  like a 
commodity segments.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
But I can assure you that our probiotic business is very strong.  
 
Ketan Chheda 
Sure. Thank you for answering all questions, and wish you all the best. Thank you so much. 
 
Vasant Rathi 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. There are no further questions. Now, I hand over the floor to Mr. Ronak Saraf for closing comments. 
 
 
=== PAGE 22 ===
Page 21 of 21 
 
Ronak Saraf 
Thank you, everyone, for taking your valuable time for attending our earnings conference call. We will keep you all posted for any 
further updates. I request you all to kindly send in your further questions that may remain unanswered. Audio recording and the 
transcripts of this call will be uploaded on our website in the due course. Looking forward to host you all in the next quarter.  Till 
then, stay healthy, stay safe. 
 
Beni Prasad Rauka 
Thank you.  
 
Vasant Rathi 
Thank you, everyone.  
 
Mukund Kabra 
Thank you, everybody. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for usin g 
Door Sabha's conference call service. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you, and have a pleasant day.  