
=== PAGE 1 ===
 
 
 
 
Ref: F.No.: 49 
 
November 24, 2021 
 
Corporate Relations 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Sir, 
 
Ref.: Code No.: 506414 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings conference call held on Wednesday, November 17, 2021 regarding the 
financial performance of the Company for the quarter and half year ended Se ptember 30, 2021 
[‘H1/Q2FY22’] 
     
We hereby enclose the Transcript of Earnings conference call held on Wednesday, November 17, 2021 regarding 
the financial performance of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2021 [‘H1/Q2FY22’]. 
  
The above Transcript shall also be uploaded on Company’s website at www.fermentabiotech.com
  
  
This information is submitted to you  pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015. 
   
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for FERMENTA BIOTECH LIMITED 
      [FORMERLY KNOWN AS DIL LIMITED]  
 
 
 
Srikant N Sharma 
Company Secretary 
CS Membership No: F3617 
A-1501, Thane One, DIL Complex, Ghodbunder Road, Majiwade, Thane (W) 400610 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 

=== PAGE 2 ===
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Fermenta Biotech Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 17, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
            
  
 
ANALYST: MR. VIKRAM RAMALINGAM – MAYBANK KIM 
ENG 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATISH VARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
FERMENTA BIOTECH LIMITED 
MR. PRASHANT NAGRE – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
FERMENTA BIOTECH LIMITED 
MR. SUMESH GANDHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – FERMENTA BIOTECH LIMITED 
=== PAGE 3 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Fermenta Biotech Limited Q2 FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Maybank Kim Eng. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikram Ramalingam 
from Maybank Kim Eng. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Vikram Ramalingam: Thank you  Stanford. Good afterno on ladies and gent lemen and thank you for joining us 
today. Maybank Kim Eng is pleased to host the conference call for Fermenta Biotech 
Limited to discuss the Q2 and first half FY2022 results ended in September 2021. From the 
management side we have  Mr. Satish Varma, the Executive Director of the company, Mr. 
Prashant Nagre, the Managing Director, and Mr. Sumesh Gandhi the CFO of the company. 
Mr. Satish Varma  will present the opening remarks after which we will have  a Q&A 
session. Over to you Sir! 
Satish Varma: Thank you, Vikram. Good evening everybody. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to the 
earnings conference call for the Q2 and first half of the financial year FY2022. I hope you 
are all keeping safe and well under the current circumstances. I am joine d in this earnings  
call with our Managing Director , Mr. Prashant Nagre  and our CFO , Mr. Sumesh Gandhi. 
On the non operational side, I am happy to inform you that the board of directors of the 
company have approved the composite scheme of amalgamation a nd ar rangement along 
with DVK Investments Private Limited, which is the holding company of Fermenta Biotech 
and Aegean Properties Limited which is the wholly owned subsidiary of Fermenta Biotech 
Limited, to achieve various benefits includ ing simplified group and shareholdi ng structure, 
creation of larger asset base and also enhancing value for shareholders . Let me now ask Mr. 
Nagre and Mr. Gandhi to give the financial highlights. Thank you so much and over to you 
Prashant. 
Prashant Nagre: Thank you Satish.  Good evening ever yone and welcome to the company’s earning call for 
Q2 financial year FY2022. Let me give you some key highlights for this quarter. 
 In the Q2 the volumes for vitamin D3 human nutrition were higher by 13.4% on a year-on-
year basis; however, they were lower by 17.2 % on quarter on quarter basis . Volume for 
vitamin D3 animal nutrition continues to be under pressure while the price trend of the 
same continues to remain in the same trajectory as the past two quarters. 
=== PAGE 4 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 Our margins for the quarter under rev iew were impacted due to change in the product mix 
in the vitamin D3 human nutrition. On the new products front, I am happy to state that the 
company has started the construction of its premix  plant in Kullu, which is expected to be 
ready by the end of the  calendar year 202 2. The total cost of capex is expected to be 
approximately Rs.35 Crores. The same shall be funded by a mix of internal accruals and 
debt. Now I request Mr. Sumesh Gandhi our CFO to give the financial highlights. Over to 
you Sumesh! 
Sumesh Gandhi: Thank you Prashant. Good evening everyone and thank you for joining this call today  to 
give brief financial highlights for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2022. On 
the c onsolidated basis in Q2 of FY2022 the revenue from operations for t he quarter was 
Rs.99 Crores which was an increase of approximately 7% on a year-on-year basis and a 
decrease of 9% on a quarter on quarter basis. 
 Operating EBITDA reported was Rs.16 Crores  which was a decrease of about 42% on a 
year-on-year basis and a decrease of 39% on a quarter on quarter basis. Operating EBITDA 
margins stood at 15.77%. Net profit after tax reported was about Rs.4.5 Crores which was a 
decrease of 69% on a year-on-year basis and a decrease of 60% quarter on quarter basis.  
The PAT margins stood at 4.5%. 
 For the first half of financial year FY2022 the revenue from operations was Rs.210 Crores 
which was an increase of approximately 11.6% year-on-year. Operating EBITDA report ed 
was Rs.42 Crores which decreased by about 16% year-on-year. Operating EBITDA margins 
stood at 19.81%. Net profit after tax was about Rs.15.8 Crores which was a decrease by 
44% on a year-on-year basis while the PAT margins stood at 7.5% . However I would also 
like to add here that the benefit of section 10AA under the inc ome tax act for th e SEZ unit 
seized to exist for the company from the financial year FY2022 and hence the PAT for the 
quarter and half year is not comparable against the previous y ear, which is also the reason 
why you are seeing a significant jump in the tax expenses. With this, we can now open the 
floor to the question and answer session. Over to you Stanford! 
Moderator: Thank you very much Sir . Ladies and gentlemen, we will now  begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Neerav Shah from Exemplar 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Neerav Shah: Thanks for the opportunity. Our total revenue for the Q2 from VD3 business seems to be 
around Rs.73 Crores so can you give me the breakup of human and animal VD3 business 
out of that? 
=== PAGE 5 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Sumesh Gandhi: The breakup of vitamin D3 human and animal between both of them is in the ratio of 83% 
and 17% for the quarter of FY2022 so 83% is human and 17% is animal. 
Neerav Shah: That is for Q2 FY2022 right? 
Sumesh Gandhi: Yes for Q2 FY2022. 
Neerav Shah: My second question was regarding our German subsidiary operations? Can you share some 
light on that if I can see from our FY2021 annual report it is a gross asset base of around 
Rs.34 Crores with a revenue of around Rs.4 Crores and a t the same time we have trade 
receivables of around Rs.22 Crores from that subsidiary and expenses recoverable of around 
Rs.4 Crores so have we built our own production base via subsidiary because if my memory 
serves me right then we have said that they ha ve built like asset light model there by 
engaging third part manufacturing  there and if it is so what kind of approvals we were not 
able to obtain and what we have got now and what is the revenue potential there? 
Satish Varma: I will take this question Neerav. Neerav you are right in remembering that we have not built 
a production base there. Most of the inventory receivables you see is because of us 
transferring the concentrate from here, where the animal powder is made there. We get it 
manufactured through a third part arrange ment where we pay the toll manufacturing 
charges in Germany to a third party company . Most of the asse t bas e you see there is 
inventory pile up. It took us some time to get permissions to release the material in the 
market. To a lar ge extent our mate rial started production in campaign basis that we have 
committed and COVID came together. As of last month, we received all the permissions to 
start marketing this material so we will start selling from this quarter onwar ds. Hopefully 
we wi ll start seeing that in the coming month because we will be starting to sell the 
material. You have also asked the question in terms of the potential from there. Most of the 
powder form of animal feed that we sell, the animal feed we sell in  oil form of diffe rent 
concentrations as well as powder form.  Powder form is being the most volume  wise most 
significant market for us as well as globally. We hope that most of our powder form will 
come from the German subsidiary through toll manuf acturing so the potential will be more 
for our non oil animal feed business , the revenues will be generated from the German 
subsidiary not from India . India of course there will be a transfer of the concentr ate to the 
German subsidiary so on a standalo ne basis you will sees those numbers but I think on 
consolidated that will get net off and you will see only the powder sales from this quarter or 
next quarter. 
Neerav Shah: Any rough number which you expect? 
=== PAGE 6 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Satish Varma: As we always mention that our share in the animal feed market is about 5% to 6% out of a 
market size of about 10,000 to 12,000 metric tonnes. 
Neerav Shah:  I’m talking about the German subsidiary? 
Satish Varma: 60% to 70% of our animal feed business goes through in the powder form which wi ll go 
from the Ger man subsidiary. I wil l not be able to give a number on that because you are 
aware that the animal feed prices fluctuate and how they fluctuat e so it will be difficult to 
give a number there, but if you can understand about the total 5% to 6% out of which 6 0% 
to 70% is powder f orm a nd that will go from Germany so you can come to an 
understanding from there. 
Neerav Shah: Got it. Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Anived Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Garvit Goyal: Good evening Sir. Sir my first question  is that the  management is providing the guidance 
for lower CAGR of 15% in spite of the fact that the future growth plans are on high side 
and as the company  has established a new plant  at Sayakha  that will be for the 
nutraceuticals and we are targeting the revenue share of 30% to 40% in future in the next 
three to four years and along with the recovery of the animal segment that is currently at 
30% to 35% utilization if I am not wrong the n why is the m anagement is providing the 
guidance for such low CAGR, any update or any color on that? 
Satish Varma: When we are g iving the guidance Mr. Goyal it is over a period of five to six years so it is 
more averaged out. You will definitely see a spike as and when like for example when our 
premix plant comes into play at the end of next year , may be after initial market entry 
period you will see a significant jump, but it will average out  over a period of five to six 
years that is a conservative estimate we would like to give. 
Garvit Goyal: My second question is as the company is now going for the backward integration so for the 
cholesterol manufacturing there will be need of the wool grease and if I am not wrong the 
company is procuring th at from a New Zealand supplier and there is a wool supply related 
issue because of the fact that the New Zealand suppli er shall no longer accept the w ool 
content so any problems related to that area in relation to supply of the wool grease to us 
and to our company? 
=== PAGE 7 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Satish Varma: I would request Mr. Prashant Nagre to address this. I personally did not see any problem so 
far but Mr. Prashant Nagre will try to address this. 
Prashant Nagre: Mr. Goyal thank you so much for asking. The company has a v ery long term arrangement, 
which runs into multiples of five years of time period on the wool grease. As you know that 
the wool grease is made by washing the wool and a very small component of this entire 
thing goes into the vitamin D3 space, lanolin being the major market and the cosmetic being 
a p art of it. In addition to have very comfortable inventory buil t up on this particular 
material we get supply from two different locations of this manufacture r. Even in this 
month we have all our dispatches are scheduled as they would norma lly be so we are v ery 
confident of having no issues whatsoever and are in close consultation with the  vendor on 
this front  It does not impact us. 
Garvit Goyal: Right Sir. Thank you Sir. I will get back into the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang. Please go 
ahead. 
Sunil Jain: Good evening Sir. Two questions Sir.  You had spoken about the D3 stocking as lower 
demand was seen. Is the stock still there or is it overor is this continuing currently as well? 
Satish Varma: Sunil ji we would avoid talking about the current quarter or the next quarter if you would 
appreciate that. We would restrict our discussions to the results already announced. 
Sunil Jain: No, I was just asking about the environment and not asking for any guidance. how is th e 
demand environment now? 
Satish Varma: If you have noticed and have tracked our company over the past few years , quarter on 
quarter there are always ups and down so we would highly appreciate if we look at it in the 
long term rather than quarter on quarter basis. That is the reason we like to avoid discussing 
particular quarter especially which is ongoing or going forward . Because it is not a general 
trend that will emerge out of that so it will be wrong for us to make any assumption of a 
general trend. 
Sunil Jain: Sir another question relating to fish oil cholesterol, was there any impact on the profitability 
of fish oil cholesterol as well as in this quarter or no? 
Satish Varma: Fish oil cholesterol although on COGS basis i t might n ot be  as much as vitamin D3 
especially on the human side, slightly lower it could be . But overall expenses on fish oil 
=== PAGE 8 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 19 
because it is a bulk orders and just couple of  customers whereas D3 is more retail in nature. 
If you look at overall EBITDA level, I think we are getting close to similar margins. There 
has been no impact on the margins negatively in the last quarter also.  In the beginning we 
had lower margins, but otherwise we are earning decent margins now. 
Sunil Jain: Lastly about the wool grease which you procure, you said you got a long term tie up of five 
year, but how is it? 
Satish Varma: It is for five years. 
Sunil Jain: Then how is the pricing is decided? Is this also a long term? 
Satish Varma: It is a formula based which is fair on both the parties. It is a formula based so we do not get 
hit by spot pricing so that formula is such that we do not get hit by spot fluctuations neither 
on the up side we get hit nor on the negative side, the vendor does not get  hit. 
Sunil Jain: Any outlook you see because it has been five to six quarters your animal vitamin D3 prices 
are continued to remain low, so any outlook you see in that? 
Satish Varma: We do see a trend of them slightly going up , I would not say signif icantly increasing. The 
downward slide has sto pped and slightly the upward movement hopefully is started. It is  a 
wait and watch. As you know that it depends on China whether they wait for Chinese New 
Year’s what they woul d like to do. As we always maintained that at the lower prices it is  
not a sustainable business for any company especially those companies, which are only 
focusing mainly on animal feed. For us  with the human thing we get a fine balance. The 
prices have to go up. It is a matter of wait and watch when it will go up. We are all prepared 
for everything as you are aware that our Germany also has stocks so if all goes well then we 
should be able to catch the cycle. 
Sunil Jain: Great Sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the lin e of Jigar Shah from Maybank. Please go 
ahead. 
Jigar Shah: Thank you. My question is whether there was any one off in the Q2? 
Satish Varma: In terms of revenue or expenses. 
Jigar Shah: Expenses? 
=== PAGE 9 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Satish Varma: I do not think so. Sumesh is there any. 
Sumesh Gandhi: There was no one off expenses. 
Jigar Shah: My second question is that you have given a note regarding  the German subsidiary and the 
losses over there and I believe the US subsidiary was also in loss at least last year, so how is 
the performanc e of all th e international su bsidiaries this year in the first half what is the 
amount of negative contribution coming from there and ho w much time it will take for 
those to turn around? 
Satish Varma: The exact numbers Sumesh will give, but before that I would just l ike to make a comment. 
As far as Germany is concerned, we have just got all the approvals for making sales so the 
company was more building up inventory, contract man ufacturing and of course spending 
on its incorporation expenses and the running expenses  so you will see t hat losses on that 
front. Going forward it should change because now we have got our approvals and we have 
started selling the stock in the market. That is as far as the German subsidiary is concerned. 
Hopefully by next year I think every thing should be sm oothened out and we should have 
only the inventory cycle going on that s it; n othing more than tha t. We will be sending 
concentrate from  here. They wil l be producing in campaign basis and liquidating in the 
market, so that is what will happe n as far as German y is concerned. If any there are 
expenses that cannot be recouped because of the first one and a half years of runni ng 
expenses and incorporation expenses then a small portion of the loss that we will absorb or 
we must have already absorbed. Number two as far as the US subsidiary is concerned again 
US subsidiary main market is into animal feed. You know that the animal feed is still pretty 
suppressed in the market. It should turn around soon. Now the previous quarter we had a 
marginal profit in the US subsi diary but this quarter there was a loss. Sumesh if you can 
give the exact numbers. 
Sumesh Gandhi: Yes, for the Germany the total loss for the first half is Rs.2.45 Crores and for the USA first 
half loss is Rs.66 lakhs. 
Jigar Shah: Last year first half how much was this number? 
Sumesh Gandhi: The last year first half we did not have the USA at all at t hat point in time and the Germany 
there has not been anything much over there at that time so US we acquired in December 
2020. 
Jigar Shah: Basically this Rs.3.2 Crores to Rs.3.3 Crores of loss has come in this year first half right? 
=== PAGE 10 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Sumesh Gandhi: Yes. 
Jigar Shah: This would repeat in the second half as well? 
Sumesh Gandhi: I do not think so necessarily. 
Satish Varma: Hopefully not if I may again Jigar add h ere hopefully not. As far as USA is concerned it 
depends on the market but we do not think we wil l see any significant losses there. 
Germany again it is already sitting on stock that they bought from Fermenta India as well as 
the overheads on the toll m anufacturing. Depending on the animal feed prices we will see 
up or down there. 
Jigar Shah: Great. Best wishes to you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neerav Shah from Exemplar Investment. 
Please go ahead.  
Neerav Shah: Thanks for the followup. R egarding our premix plants when it is likely to get operational 
and what kind of asset turn over we expect out of that and what kind of margin profile this 
segment enjoys? 
Satish Varma: We expect the premix plant  to be completed by next calendar year end . We are investing 
about Rs.35 Crores. Asset turnover when it is fully operational and we get our market share 
based on the capacities it should be at least two times of the total capex. 
Neerav Shah: Regarding margin profile? 
Satish Varma: Margin profile may not be as sweet as the D3 human, but it will be decent so our average 
overall guidance say over the next five to six years average of 15% revenue growth while 
maintaining a 20% to 25% EBITDA we should be able to manage. 
Neerav Shah: My sec ond query was we are now fully backward integrated as far as VD3 business is 
concerned and logically this should benefit over margins considerably but still it is not 
reflecting in figures a s far as our gross  margins are concerned. In fact our gross margin if I 
see have actually reduced so why is it so? I can understand that pressure on  animal VD3 
prices is one of the reason for that, but that segment is now contributing only 17% to 20% 
whereas huma n segment is contr ibuting around 80% whe re the p rices are m ore or less 
stable so what is the reason for this? 
=== PAGE 11 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Satish Varma: last quarter that we are t alking about on the human side , there is a mix of key accounts 
coming in where the prices, the margins are a little lower because of long term relationships 
and number two we started participating in tender business in the US which is  the new 
business for us so that did compensate and add to the volumes part of it, but on the margins 
they were l ower. As far as bac kward integration and the margins to come in there are two 
things I would like to point out here. Number one is cholesterol prices are going up globally 
while we are able to produce our own and maintain it under check. However the full benefit 
of the backward integration of our own cholesterol manufacturing has still not come into 
place. I have mentioned this in my previous call s as well. It is because valorization of the 
side streams Only 10% to 12 % is cholesteroland the rest all about 80% of, it which is into 
two side streams of Lanolin either in alcohol or fatty acids while lanolin fatty acids are low 
margin product, lanolin alcohol are slightly higher margin products. We have not  yet been 
able to valorize those s ide streams and enter the market with  them. We are working on it. 
COVID really did not help us on that front. Now that everything is coming back to normal 
we started working on it at our plant level , so hopefully as we mov e forward over th e next 
few quarters we should  start seeing that also revenue and the margins coming in from this 
which will make our overall margins better. 
Neerav Shah: So are still using outside cholesterol and what is the portion we are using? 
Satish Varma: Proportion I will not be able to say but I would say that most of it is in house. 
Neerav Shah: Sir, most of it is in house? 
Satish Varma: Most of it is in house. 
Neerav Shah: Regarding the US business you talked that low margins tha t tender business a nd the other 
business so th at is g oing to continue in further quarters or what kind of long term margin 
profile we can expect? 
Satish Varma: Margins might be slightly lower but with all the increased capacities that we have taken up 
this is going to be an important portion of our re venue. This is additional business . The 
custom sales or the API sales will bounce back but this is again oil businesses which is 
other formats of vitamin D3 human form which is new business for us so with a dditional 
volumes irrespective of the margins, it is important for us to fully utilize our capacities that 
we have put in and increased so much over the last couple of years. 
Neerav Shah: We will be able to maintain 20% plus margin profile? 
=== PAGE 12 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Satish Varma: Over the long term that is our guida nce that 15% on th e revenue and while maintaining a 
20% to 25% EBITDA margin. 
Neerav Shah: Thank you very much. it helped a lot. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anil Thakkar: from Promore Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Anil Thakkar: Just w anted to have color on this real estate monetization because we are seeing lot of 
reports that real estate is coming back in full swing in Mumbai and all those places , so any 
guidance on that? 
Satish Varma: All I can say is we are in  the market actively looking to monetize  it. We also hope that it 
happens sooner than later. As and when we have anything concrete, I am sure we will make 
a disclosure. 
Anil Thakkar: For the last qu ite few number of q uarters this is work in progress and we have heard that 
real estate market was not doing that great for the last two three years at least but now it has 
really gone up? 
Satish Varma: We are also seeing that there is more activity there in terms of the general market as well, so 
accordingly we are  also talking to people . So as and wh en we have anything concrete we 
will definitely disclose this immediately. 
Anil Thakkar: The second question would be Thane land and the Ceejay House property they are in th e 
name of Fermenta Biotech or any other subsidiary? 
Satish Varma: As far as  Thane property is concerned it is in the name of Fermenta Biotech Limited . 
Ceejay House is in a subsidiary and the decision to amalgamate these three companies will 
bring the Ceejay House also directly under Fermenta name. 
Anil Thakkar: Right and if I  can squeeze in the third question ? What has been the capacity utilization for 
us in human as well as animal D3? 
Satish Varma: Animal as someone else also earlier mentioned it is close to about 35% odd. On the human 
side prior to this cap acity expansion which has just come this quarter. We have made an 
announcement that we have taken a shutdown in October , prior to that we were at almost 
100% utilization on the human side 
=== PAGE 13 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Anil Thakkar: Right so once this maintenance shutdown is over do we th ink that enhanced capacity  will 
be 100% again? 
Satish Varma: Generally 90% should be good utilization because then  you have that peak capacity left 
with you and there is a sudden surge in demand or something else happe ns in the global 
supplier side or something like that where you can play an active role so that is always 
important or something happens in one of your plants or something like that you should be 
able to match up. It has always been a race against that for us, so now at last we have put up 
these additional 25% capacities. Of course we all wish that it gets immediately utilized but 
we will have to wait and see. 
Anil Thakkar: Right. That answers my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Shetty from  BP Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Shetty: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir any update on Sayakha capex? 
Satish Varma: we have not yet taken any decision to start the capex. 
Nikhil Shetty: Then what is the update on this vitamin D3 analog product? When do we see this product is 
getting communalized? 
Satish Varma: Vitamin D3 analogs most probably will be linked to what we do in Sayakha. 
Nikhil Shetty: So it will get delayed? 
Satish Varma: The analogs will get delayed. We are more currently focusing on seeing whether we can get 
the Vegan D3 into the market faster, which we are going to do with vegetable oils so that is 
the first target.. Once that starts th en we will get onto the analogs and as you ar e aware the 
K1 is also pending so as soon as possible we will get the K1 into the market . For this the 
plant has a lready been built a nd we are putting in money into the premix plant . So just a 
little cautious on how much we stretch ourselves in terms of our financial bandwidth. 
Nikhil Shetty: How much capex we’re incurring for the mentioned projects? 
Satish Varma: Premix plant we are going to put in about Rs.35 Crores, which the construction has already  
started. 
Nikhil Shetty: When do we see the contribution from these products is coming into the numbers? 
=== PAGE 14 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Satish Varma: The premix and K1 should start hopefully by next  year. At least we should start seeing the 
beginning of it. As far as premix is concerned  I think last quarter of 2022 or first quarter of  
2023 calendar year We should see the contribution coming in. 
Nikhil Shetty: On a vitamin D3 human side how much ca pacity we increase collectively in the last two 
phase increase? 
Satish Varma: Collectively both the plants put together should be close to about 40%. 
Nikhil Shetty: 40% right so during the first expansion you mentioned about this the current year itself so  
the second part how much time do you foresee to get absorbed? 
Satish Varma: Capacity to be absorbed. 
Nikhil Shetty: Yes the second expansion? 
Satish Varma: It depends on the market conditions. Otherwise over the next two years it s hould be 
absorbed. 
Nikhil Shetty: Next two years, so is there any change in the vitamin D3 h uman side demand because you 
were quite positive about it during the first expansion of 20% and now you are saying like it 
will take two years to get absorbed the additional? 
Satish Varma: Let me clarify myself.  I said within two years. It is not that we h ave lost any positivity on 
the D3. As and when we sta rt the Sayakha project, we have plans to increase capacities 
there also to put in more capacities for vitamin D 3. Vitamin D3 in general will continue to 
grow. When you keep one thing in mind  that 70% to 80% of the global population is 
deficient. It is not that th ey were always deficient like that for 100 years of years.  It is just 
the lifestyle changes  have pushed this to t his other extreme. We are quite positive on this 
molecule. 
Nikhil Shetty: Sir lastly on a vitamin D3 human side prices, how are the trend in th e last six months? Is 
there a contraction from the peak or it continues for us? 
Satish Varma: Prices have been fairly stable if not a little better, absolutely no concern on the prices. There 
has not been any moderation. It is pretty stable. 
Nikhil Shetty: Thank you so much. That is it from my side. 
=== PAGE 15 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question  is from the line of Ashok Shah from LFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashok Shah: Thanks for taking my question. Sir we have expanded our capacity and w hat could be its 
highest level realization sales be achieved in the future years? 
Satish Varma: It all depends as itis a combination of volumes and prices. You know that the until about a 
quarter before our 100% capacity utilization that was t here after which needed about 25% 
capacity increase. As far as the animal is concerned you are aware that the price fluctuations 
the way it moves so it will be very difficult to put a number . On the D3 human side yes we 
have another 25% capacity increase. We can look at it, if the prices remain stable then it is a 
simple calculation. 
Ashok Shah: Sir that is the common thing but what is it on the value wise realization or in  rupee terms as 
per the current rate? 
Satish Varma: Sure. Sumesh would you like to answer this. 
Sumesh Gandhi: We will refrain from g iving any kind of value forward-looking statement and everything 
which are in short term perspective. 
Ashok Shah: I do not want any guidance if vitamin D we are selling at X price then 25% capacity X price 
multiplied by 25% so what could be your realizable value? 
Satish Varma: It is the same thing. It is the 25% multiplied by the current thing by 25 is the human thing. 
Sumesh Gandhi: My current revenues are given in call so you can take 25%. 
Ashok Shah: Because we are get ting utilization of 100% in  human category and in animal category the 
utilization is very low , so if we utilize human category  then can it increase by Rs.100 
Crores? 
Satish Varma: 25% will not give Rs.100 Crores increase. It is slightly lower. 
Ashok Shah: Slightly lower. So it could be at Rs.75 Crores? 
Satish Varma: Yes around Rs.70 Crores to Rs.75 Crores you can expect when it is fully utilized ? 
Ashok Shah: Thank you Sir. That is all I wanted. Thank you Sir. 
=== PAGE 16 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Moderator: Thank you. The next ques tion is from the l ine of Madhav from Shastra Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Madhav: Good evening Sir and thanks for taking my ques tion. Sir my question is on the US business 
so what is the contribution of US business in this quarter? 
Satish Varma: Sumesh. 
Sumesh Gandhi: So in this quarter the topline from the US business was Rs.5 Crores. 
Madhav: Rs.5 Crores? 
Sumesh Gandhi: Yes. 
Madhav: Are we selling both human and animal portion at US? 
Satish Varma: Yes. 
Madhav: Sir when the company from US had around Rs.50 Crores of revenues if I am not wrong?  If 
it is Rs.50 Cr ores actually why are we unable to get the same kind of revenue when it is 
being taken over by Fermenta. 
Satish Varma: I will just answer this. Number one , we took majority stake. It is not that we have taken 
over and operations are being completely handle d by us. We still have the US partner so 
there is no change in the way that the company was being run. Fermenta is more supportive 
role and the erstwhile 100% owner who are holding about 48%, are the Managing Directors 
and running the company so  there has not been change either in the policies or the way the 
company is run absolutely no change since Fermenta has invested that is point number one 
Sir. Number two as earlier mentioned, the US company which we took majority control in 
significantly was doing animal feed sales. After we partnered we started increasing the 
human side business there while the animal side business as we have been cont inuously 
mentioning is pretty depressed or suppressed right now so as and when that comes back into 
action you will start seeing change in the numbers there. 
Madhav: Regarding the EBITDA and PAT margins when I am at looking at the raw material 
consumption versus the sales, Sir  it has gone up fr om 31% to 34% this quarter when we 
make a comeback with respect to Q1  so why is it so bad? Actually most of the cholesterol 
we have been producing in-house Sir so why this has increased? 
=== PAGE 17 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Satish Varma: As we mentioned it is a matter of product mix especially on the human side while we saw a 
reduction in our sales on the API side, we saw that being compensated in terms of volumes 
by the oil that we sell and this is some new tender business to the US subsidiary t hat we are 
participating in, the margins are lower. 
Madhav: How much that would be ? Actually you are saying Rs.5 Crores  only so still could not 
understand so we selling fish oil so we have about Rs.5 Crores sales from US subsidiary so 
fish oil cholesterol is actually a good margin business which is equivalent to human API so 
why did it fall Sir? 
Satish Varma: As I said the  crystal sales also we got through key accounts. Whatever crystal sales 
happened even after the reduction are through k ey accounts. Key accounts are long term 
relationships at much lower prices because these are key accounts so that will be  the impact 
and nothing out of the ordinary or a onetime thing. I would not be able to say this is a 
onetime thing or something like th at. Over the quarters you might see this being nar rowed 
down. 
Madhav: You are saying that there is an impact because of this human VD3 as well as in this quarter? 
Satish Varma: Yes. 
Madhav: When can we expect the stabilisation margins now even though this animal nutrition is not 
there, still the fluctuation is there in the margins? If you look at the PAT margins it has been 
ranging at 5 to 4% so we are sure that there is fluctuation in the margins without having any 
impact? How we actually is a bit of stabilization in PAT margin and EBITDA margin Sir? 
Satish Varma: Again I would only be able to repeat that you please look at what  we are trying to express 
here is, in the long term we expect to maintain that 20% to 25% margin. The year is not yet 
over. So far we have been able to maintain that margin levels except for that extraordinary 
time when we went up to 35% when the animal pri ces were at net peak otherwise we have 
always been able to maintain the 20% to 25%. We are fairly confident that we should be 
able to continue to do so. 
Madhav: Sir the full process but I do not completely unexpected line what I want to understand? 
Satish Varma: Pardon me Madhav. 
Madhav: Your PAT margin, our net profit is only 4% for this quarter? Actually 4% is very low? 
=== PAGE 18 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Satish Varma: I understand. 
Madhav: Sir my last ques tion Sir actually our inventory is being made of Rs.162 Crores so what is 
actually you are working on to reduce the inventory Sir? 
Satish Varma: As you said this is on a consolidated basis. As I said about 30 to  35 is lying in assets in 
German subsidiary which we got approvals now so that is starting to get  liquidated. We are 
working on the other inventories that we have build up especially on the vitamin D3 raw 
materials and intermediates because of the COVID situation. Now that the COVID has gone 
we are  slowly starting t o bring those levels down. Otherwise right from wool grease to 
cholesterol to other intermediate steps of D3 , we have kept on building inventories so that 
we are not impacted by any COVID related  issues whether it is our own facilities or the 
supplier factory or at the logistics level. I must mention here that this has wh at helped us 
including last year we were able to during the peak of COVID -times we were able to 
perform well and even in the beg inning of this year you know h ow the second wave was in 
the country but we were able to continue to operate and perform. This wa s all because of 
the steps we have taken to ensure that whatever has happened. You will appreciate that our 
company is also not full proof as far as COVID imp act is concerned. We have had h ad our 
share of disturbances because of COVID. 
Madhav: I understand that. 
Satish Varma: No not only on the business side Sir, our team, their families, right at both the plants, people 
coming to work for the factory every day . We have had  our share of issues, but we were 
able to mitigate most of it with our preplanning. 
Madhav: That is good and my last question Sir so what is the actual environment we could achieve? 
Now everywhere in the world has opened up and restrictions are being removed, so are we 
getting a sense that this animal business has an improvement? 
Satish Varma: We hope to see something very soon because the cycle has run , downward cycle has gone 
long enough. We hope to see some improvement soon Sir, but cannot predict because as we 
have always maintained that mostly supply dynamics from China determines this prices. It 
is very difficult to anticipate or guess what they will do. We just are prepared from our side 
for a good cycle. Oth erwise on the lower cycles we will maintain our share and anyway we 
have the human nutrition. As and when the animal comes ups we  will be there to tap the 
cycle. 
Madhav: Are we not benefiting on the power crisis in China Sir? 
=== PAGE 19 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Satish Varma: We are hearing r umors about it going to have impac t on our product a lso but we have not 
yet seen significant impact yet. 
Madhav: Our competitor plants are running normal? 
Satish Varma: No idea Sir what is happening right now. Absolutely no news coming out apart from the 
new articles on that power and steel and all those real estate things there is really not much 
information coming out Sir. 
Madhav: Thank you very much Sir and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of NK Arora an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
NK Arora: Good evening Sir. I just wanted to know Sir what is the status of the mandatory milk and oil 
fortification in India? 
Satish Varma: I will ask Mr. Prashant Nagre to take this question, Prashant. 
Prashant Nagre: Thank you, Satish. Arora Ji as the regulations that stand currently they are with the public 
consultation. The Governm ent of India wants on the oil fortification, it should be made 
mandatory and that is under kind of discussion so they have not taken a decision. I think the 
direction is the entire thought process of FSSAI is to mandate the fortification. They are 
consulting various groups and will decide very soon as to what happens, but we will have to 
wait, because I think COVID and many other things have taken priori ty. The governments 
thought process but it is clear that nutrition overall is the focus of the current administration 
and we are very hopeful that that will remain focused going forward so we have to wait and 
watch as to w hen they will mandate it, but as far as oil is conce rned already 70% o f 
packaged oil in India is fortified. So there is a very positive trend on that and secondly 
FSSAI has now regulations which gives you the complete regulatory background in order to 
fortify the labors and the Sampoorna potion and yogurt and everything so I think we have 
made a progress as a country in this direction. Now  we have to just wait till a decision by 
the government is taken further on this. I hope I have answered your question? 
NK Arora: Sir I just wanted to know whether we are fully prepared to take the opportunity if it comes? 
Satish Varma: Yes Sir. Yes Sir we are. 
NK Arora: Thank you so much. 
=== PAGE 20 ===
   Fermenta Biotech Limited 
   November 17, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the partici pants, on behalf of Maybank 
Kim Eng that concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines 