
=== PAGE 1 ===
 
 
 
Ref: F.No.: 49 
 
August 24, 2021 
 
Corporate Relations 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Sir, 
 
Ref.:     Code No.: 506414 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Conference Call held on August 17, 2021, 11:00 Hrs IST  to discuss the financial 
performance of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 i.e. Q1FY22 
 
We hereby enclose the Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts / Institutional Investors held on August 17, 
2021 at 11:00 a.m. (IST) to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2021.    
 
The above Transcript shall also be uploaded on Company’s website at www.fermentabiotech.com    
 
This information is submitted to you pursuant to the provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for FERMENTA BIOTECH LIMITED 
      [FORMERLY KNOWN AS DIL LIMITED] 
 
 
 
Srikant N Sharma 
Company Secretary 
CS Membership No: F3617 
A-1501, Thane One, DIL Complex, Ghodbunder Road, Majiwade, Thane (W) 400610 
 
Encl. as above  
 
 

=== PAGE 2 ===
Page 1 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
Transcript 
 
Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
Event Date / Time  : 17th August 2021, 11:00 Hrs IST 
 
Event Duration  : 57 mins 49 secs 
 
Presentation Session 
 
Bharati: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am Bharati, 
moderator for the co nference call. W e w elcome you all to Q1FY22 conference call of 
Fermenta Biotech Limited hosted by Aditya Birla Money . This conference call may 
contain forward looking statements about the company, which are based on the belief, 
opinion, and expectation of the company as on date of this call .  These statements are 
not the guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict.  As a reminder, all participants will be in listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star and zero on your touch tone telephone.   Please note this conference is recorded. I 
would now like to handover the floor to Mr . Sumeet Shah of Aditya Birla Money. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
 
Mr Sumeet Shah: Yes, t hank you, Bharati  and good morning everyone . On 
behalf of Aditya Birla Money Limited, we welcome you all to Q1FY22 earnings con call of 
Fermenta Biotech Limited . From the management  side today , we have Mr . Prashant 
Nagre, Managing Director , Mr. Satish Varma , Executive Director , and Mr Sumesh 
Gandhi, CFO.  Without much delay, I will now hand over the floor to the management for 
opening remarks followed by the interactive Q&A session . Thank you and over to you 
sir. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Thank you so much. This is Satish V arma here. Good 
morning everybody.  It’s a pleasure to welcome you all to the earnings conference call 
for the first quarter of the financial year 2022.  I hope you are all keeping safe and well 
under the current circumstances.  I am joined on this earnings conference call with  our 
Managing Director Mr. Prashant Nagre and our CFO Mr. Sumesh Gandhi.  I am pleased 
to inform you  that the company has been recognized as India’s “Best work places in 
Biotechnology and Pharmaceuticals” by Great Places to work.  Also, it is my pleasure to 
let you know that Mr Prashant Nagre, our Managing Director, has been felicitated with 
the award for India’s best leaders in times of crises for 2021.  In addition to that we were 
recognized for “HR leader award for commitment to creating great places to work” and 
“commitment to being great places to work” in India were also received in the year 2021.  
Let me n ow ask Mr. Nagre to give the operational highlights followed by Mr. Gandhi to 
give the financial highlights.  Thank you so much. 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: This is Prashant Nagre.  Thank you , Satish.  Good morning 
everyone and w elcome to the company’s earning cal l for quarter one financi al year 
2022.  First of all, it is a privilege for us to be recognized by Great Place to Work with the 
prestigious awards that were mentioned by Satish.  Let me give you some key highlights 
for this quarter.  We have completed the capacity expansion in Dahej Plant, which will 
=== PAGE 3 ===
Page 2 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
increase our capacity on human nutrition by around 20%.  I am happy to state that the 
company had a healthy financial performance in Q1 as compared to the  last quarter and 
the same quarter last year.  The volumes of human nutrition have grown by around 70% 
on year on year and 13% on quarter-on-quarter basis.  However, the volumes of animal 
nutrition have seen a decline of around 64% year on year and 11% qua rter on quarter 
basis. We are hopeful that with the opening up of the economy arou nd the world, the 
volumes on animal nutrition should see an increase in the future.  Human nutrition has 
always been our forte and we are now seeing the revenue ratio of vita min D3 between 
human nutrition and animal nutrition move  from 47 : 53 in qua rter one financial year 
2021 to 77 : 23 in quarter one of financial year 2022 in favor of human nutrition.  Now, I 
request Mr. Sumesh Gandhi, our CFO, to give the fin ancial highlights.  Over to you 
Sumesh. 
 
Mr Sumesh Gandhi: Thank you s o much Prashant.  G ood morning everyone.  I 
am Sumesh Gandhi over here and I would like to thank you for joining this call today.  
Brief financial highlights for the quarter ended 30 th June 2021 on a consolidated basis 
are as follows:  The revenue from operations for the quar ter was at 110 crores, which 
was an increase of approximately 16% on a year on year basis and 10% on qua rter on 
quarter basis, Operating EBITDA was 26 crores, whi ch was an increase of about 15% 
on a year on year basis and more than 100%  increase on a quarter on quarter basis. 
Operating EBITDA margin stood at 23.45% for the quarter FY22.  Net profit after tax 
reported was about 11 crores, which was a decre ase of 17% on a year-on-year basis, 
but an increase of 53% on quarter-on-quarter basis.  The PAT margin stood at 10.31%.  
Having said that, it is important to note that the benefits of section 10AA under the 
income tax act for the SEZ unit ceases to ex ist for FY22 and hence the difference 
between the normal tax and the MAT shall be utilized from the accumulated MAT credit 
and would be shown as additional charge to the deferred tax asset.  Consequently, the 
tax charge and the PAT in this quarter is not c omparable to that of the previous quarter.  
Thank you everybody and with this, we can n ow op en the floor to the question-and-
answer session. 
 
Bharati: Ladies and gentleman, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session.  If you have a question, please press star and one on your telephone 
keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question.   If you would like to withdr aw your 
request, you may do so by pressing star and one again.  Ladies and gentleman, if you 
have a question, please press star and one on y our telephone keypad.  Ladies and 
gentleman, we will wait for a moment while the questi on qu eue assembles.   First 
question comes from Shashikant from Prometheus Strategy.  Please go head. 
 
Mr Shashikant: Hi, good morning, can you hear me? 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Yes. 
 
Mr Shashikant: Hello? 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Yeah, we can here you. 
 
Mr Shashikant: Yeah, good morning Prashan t and team . Thank you very 
much for having this call, so could you just throw some light on the animal feed vitamin D 
business that continues to kind of be weak and then how do you think the turnaround will 
=== PAGE 4 ===
Page 3 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
be visible in your op inion?  And a second que stion goes back to your July investor 
presentation where you did have some price chart on, you know, vitamin  D ingredients 
for animal feed and it shows a kind of 2017 -18 a big uptake in prices and then, you 
know, collapse in 2019 even before COVID, so may be if you can give some historical 
trend on how these things work and how we can understand as an investor, thanks. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Sure, Prashant I’ll take this question? 
 
Mr Prashant: Please sir. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Yeah. Thank you Shashikant, I think I will answer the second 
question first. 
 
Mr Shashikant: Sure. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: As far as the price fluctuations that you see in vitamin D3 
animal feed grade, you must be  seeing our investor presentations, which we release 
every quarter, where we have a sheet, which shows the price trend since 2012. 
 
Mr Shashikant: Right. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: The fluctuation has normally been between about 3 0 dollars 
to even as low as 6 dollars… 
 
Mr Shashikant: Right. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: … until 2017. 2017 was an exceptional year, I mean, second 
half of 2017, which continued until even 2019 as well or may be even the first quarter of 
2020 as well. 
 
Mr Shashikant: Right. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: One of the m ain reason s we understood at that time was 
China was going through a massive closu re of industries because of the environmental 
issues.  It just did not happen in vitamin D3 alone, you must have noticed in a lot of other 
APIs as well.  That was the period w here facto ries were being shifted,  factories were 
being shut down.  That was a lar ge reason.  However , if you notice the trend after that 
over the last, let’s say, five-six quarters, the pandemic has severely impacted the offtake 
and the consumption. One t hing is ob vious so far is that the  market dynamics  have 
changed.  Hopefully, we wi ll not see the lows, what we have seen before 2017.  We 
expect the fluctuation to be there. The animal feed business is commoditized. Fermenta 
might be enjoying at the most about 5% share in the global anim al feed market. China 
dominates this place. We don’t have any control on that, and we have seen the 
fluctuations mainly being driven from China, either bec ause of factory closures or new 
players coming in recent years based on that, we don’t have any control over that. Over 
the last seven to eight quarters, there has been apart from the pandemic which severely 
impacted consumption itself from the meat industry  and the animal market as a whole, 
there has been a severe swine flu attack on the pig population, which constitutes a large 
customer base, especially for Chinese produced material because most of the market is 
in China. That also imp acted the consumption and thereby the availability of the 
material. The African swine flu is slowly g etting over with and hopefully the pandemic, 
=== PAGE 5 ===
Page 4 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
unfortunately the third and fourth wave that we are seeing across the gl obe in other 
countries is not really h elping much, but we are hopeful that the volumes will pick up to 
what it was earlier, and the price f luctuation will be there, but hopefully, we will  not see 
the same lows that we have seen prior to 2017. We have, we fe el that we are  quite 
insulated from two things; one is, of course, we feel we are competitive enough  in terms 
of playing both the highs and lows, and especially the low prices because of  the 
backward integration as well as our technical efficiencies that we have on the production 
of vitamin D3 in which we h ave experience of several decades. In addition to that, we 
have a very, very healthy market share on the human side as well, which sho uld be 
close to 25% or above the global market share. So, combination of this will g ive u s 
strength to play both those cycles. We have enough infrastructure to produce and 
maintain our market share, may be even grow a littl e and sustain the cycles, so whether 
the prices will go up next quarter or not, absolutely difficult to answer Shashikant. 
 
Mr Shashikant: Sure. That’s real ly helpful. May be just a follow -up question 
on that  would be there is no structural hit to animal fe ed ultimate demand, it’s not 
cyclical, factors that have all come together be it swine flu or COVID related impacts and 
wiping out the animal feed demand that has been hit globally, as they come back  would 
it be reasonable to assume the demand and prices would improve? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: What I would like to answe r on that is that as I said prices is 
something w hich we fail to understand how the prices fluctuate and what drives the 
Chinese to fluctuate the prices so much. As far as volumes are concerned, unf ortunately 
at least for the last as I said six-seven quarters, volumes have been inconsistent. As and 
when there is an  increase in volumes on the animal feed side, we would be  able to 
utilize our capacities. Unfortunately, the last six-seven quarters the volumes have been 
also impacted because of the pandemic and this African s wine flu, it should come back 
over the next, I don’t know, again it depends on the pandemic how strong it is and how 
long it lasts, but it should come back, t he animal, the meat consumption is not gong 
down in the world.  
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Yeah Satish, I will just add one piece of information for Shashikant. 
Yes, you are right Shas hi, I have been mentionin g that, str ucturally in animal health, 
okay, in terms of the bu siness in an imal health, there is no change . The  number of 
people who are alive on this planet remains pretty much the same . So, there is no 
structural change, these are cyclical things, the reaction, the restaurant closures and all 
the entire commercial market getting impacted, but it will shift. So, a s in the, the nature 
of the animal feed is also redefining itself, so we anticipate that  there is no d isruption to 
that, and it should normalize sooner than letter. 
 
Mr Shashikant: Okay. Great. That’s absolutely helpful. Thank you. 
 
Bharati: Thank you, sir . Ladies and gentleman, if you have a 
question, please press star and one on your telephon e k eypad. Next question comes 
from Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Yeah, thank you very much for this opportunity and 
congratulations for good numbers. Sir, I have got two-three questions. First is what is the 
current capacity utilization excluding whatever the expansion which we have done, what 
is the current capacity utilization and second is related to that is now, see we hav e 
increased the capacity by 20%, so when you expect that to get utilized? 
=== PAGE 6 ===
Page 5 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Current capacity utilization on the human side, Sunil, is close 
to 100%. That gives us confidence that this 20% should get utilized and the 20% we are 
doing is mainly on again the human side. Should get utilized within the current financial 
year hopefully. I hope that answers your question. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Yeah, yeah. So, human cap acity utiliz ation what I 
understand that that is separate from it or it’s fungible? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Upto a certain stage it’s fungible. So, the drop in demand on 
the animal volumes has definitely helped us divert that much of the intermediate to th e 
human side.  
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Yeah. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: But yes, we still do have eno ugh capacities at that level to 
satisfy our animal side requirements to maintain our market share. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Okay. So, if it is, there is a good demand come up for animal 
side so you don’t have to divert your human D3 to that area ? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Yes, unless and until it is much more tha n our market share 
that we are getting. That opportunity so, always will be depending on the prices. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Yeah. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: That is one factor we will look at when we allocate between 
these two divisions an d number 2, of course,  normally the human side has a higher 
weightage because it’s a long ter m, more susta inable business and customers are not 
the same, these are pharma companies mostly , and food companies, which because of 
the regulatory requirements, n ormally they stay rather than just keep  jumping up and 
down between suppliers. So, human s ide normally has higher weightage, but of course 
prices will also play an important role in our decision when we divert the material. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: And in the human side, what could be the growth in FY2021, 
pure human side excluding animal? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: On the volumes, one second. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Yeah. 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Sumesh, can you just quickly…. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Q1 volumes, you want year on year? Year on  year it has 
been about 70%. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: You had already said, it’s 70% or something. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: 70% year on year we have seen the growth in volumes  
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Yeah, that is Q1, but FY21 if I can get some feelings…. 
=== PAGE 7 ===
Page 6 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
 
Mr Satish Varma: FY21, was close to about 70 %. I think 60% odd was bas ed 
on volumes may be, just be low 70%, between 60% and 70% was because I don’t have 
the numbers in front of me, between 60 and 70% was on the volume. I think total 70 % 
was put together volume and price combination. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: So, w hatever the extra growth we got in FY21 part of that 
could be becaus e of COVI D, so how you see growth in human side from an organ ic 
growth perspective, what can we see? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: I will request Prashant to address this question. 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Yeah, so I think because I hav e the numbers in front of me, 
so Satish is absolutely correct in mentioning that you wanted to know over the last year 
what was the growth, it is close to 70%. So, growth on volumes was about 70%. Now, 
yes, it was mainly driven by  COVID, but not only CO VID per se bec ause we, all the 
years we have been continuously kind of taking measures to, kind of, do the 
debottlenecking or invest in incremental capacities and all, so we had just additional 
volumes, which could go and network. In almost, we are presenting 300 countries across 
all the six continents and we also had geographic expansion, customer expansion  in 
addition COVID. COVID did help. What we feel is that the COVID will kind of flu ctuate 
between an epidemic and pandemic, and COVID is nowhere kind of going to go away in 
a short term that is what is our understanding, but what it has done, is that a lot of 
research has happened on vitamin D3 and that has changed fundamentally the  
consumer beha vior. People know that it i s extremely es sential, not only to follow the 
precautions, but also improve the immunity . Vitamin D3 plays an important role in 
improving the immunity . So, I think we expect that it should remain in double digits. It 
obviously cannot grow 70% year on year, it is not sustainable number, but we feel that it 
will be strong number in double digits. That is what we internally feel, and I think we are 
seeing that scene continuing . So, that’s my answer o n th at. I hope  Sunil, I have 
answered your question. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Yeah, yeah. Great,  great. Thank you very much and with 
respect to animal D3, so you had given indication for Q1 prices, so how it is behaving in 
current quarter? It’s similar level or it has shown some improvement? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: There is not much change. Pretty stable. 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: They firmed up and then they stayed there. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Okay. Fine. Great, thank you very much. 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Thank you, Sunil. 
 
Bharati: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentleman, if you have a 
question, please press star and one o n your telephone keypad. Next question comes 
from Keshav Kumar from Raksan investors. Please go ahead. 
 
Mr Keshav Kumar: Hi, Sir. Thanks a lot for taking my question.  Sir, are the 
human vitamin D prices structurally much more stable compared to animal? 
 
=== PAGE 8 ===
Page 7 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Yes, the answer is yes. 
 
Mr Keshav Kumar: So, what are the current prices? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Our current declared  prices in India are close to about 2 
lakhs per kilo.  
 
Mr Keshav Kumar: Okay. Alright, sir. S ir, secon d question is pertainin g to the 
CapEx. If I see the balance sheet, there is a sizeable increase in the property plant and 
equipment and even in CWIP. S o, sir, what exactly is it apart from the 20% capacity 
expansion for human vitamin D? What all are apart from that we are doing? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Sumesh, can you please. 
 
Mr Sumesh Gandhi: Yeah, can I take this ques tion? Thank yo u so much Satish. 
So Keshav, what we see the property plant and equipment increase which has come is 
because of the backward integration which we did and which we completed in FY21, so 
in FY21 we saw a substantial increase coming in which was close to 60-65 crores.. What 
we see in CWIP, around about 35 crores out of it, is in relation to the capacity expansion 
which we talked about and which got capitalized in the first quarter of FY22. 
 
Mr Keshav Kumar: Okay, so backward integration would be for Cholesterol, 
right? 
 
Mr Sumesh Gandhi: Yes, absolutely right. 
 
Mr Keshav Kumar: Okay and  are we completely decoupled  from Chin a after 
this? 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Can I take this question? 
 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Sure, Prashant. 
 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Yeah. So, Keshav ji we have the policy  that we have had for 
the last 10 years, the world now has the policy that you shou ld decouple from China, 
which is post pandemic, but I think the company we buil d is in the last 10 years we were 
never ever dependant on China for any of our starting materi als, neither do we sell to 
China, so that way we are completely out of China . So, we are not dependent on china, 
ever in the last decade. 
 
Mr Keshav Kumar: Okay, alrig ht sir.  Sir, so in the animal feed prices as you 
mentioned that during around the time 2017-2018 where China was coming up with their 
environmental norms and all, every indu stry was  seeing commodity price hikes, so 
animal feed prices, it’s sort of indicated that China is the sort of dictates that market, but 
how is the human vi tamin D marke t structured because w e have a sizeable market 
share of 20% globally, so are we, like, do we dictate the prices, are we the price makers 
of how is the global market structured, could you sort of shed some light on it sir please?  
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Satish. 
=== PAGE 9 ===
Page 8 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Yeah. On the human side, Mr Keshav there is, you must be 
aware that there i s a European company which is i nto vitamin D3. There is only one 
company, other than China and Fermenta in India, that is one European company which 
manufactures and se lls vitamin D3. They have a large  market share of  about 35% or 
higher market share on the human side. They are fully integrated, not just fully integrated 
in the terms of the market of vitamins, but they have value added business, where they 
might sell of course v itamin D3 on it s own, but they have a large portion of vitamin D3 
business when they mix it with other vitamins and sell the whole basket, in their entire 
portfolio. So, they are at a certain price range, which is a premium to not only China, but 
also to ours. We are at a lower bracket than them, but we feel that we are at a higher 
bracket than China. Sometimes we compete with the  European company, depending on 
what ki nd of customer it is and what kin d of regulatory pathway we need to follow , 
especially if it is US, it is a pharma company, if it is Europe, then we are more competing 
with the European Com pany. If it is  a little less regulated market and all, then we might 
end up competing with the Chinese. 
 
Mr Keshav Kumar: Okay. So, am I right to assume that the animal vitamin D 
would be more commoditized because if we have less stringent regulations and like this 
human vitamin D3 would be more specialized and more so the regulatory hurdles would 
be more? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: One of the reasons. And also, the volumes if you see 
between animal and human is most probab ly a 20 -80 split: 20 tow ards the human 
requirement and 80 towards the animal requirement. This is typical of most vitamins. So, 
such large volumes and if you ca n just imagine the price fluctuations between a 6 dollar 
and 30 dollar, what kind of money is there along with those volumes. 
 
Mr Keshav Kumar: Absolutely, Sir. So, Sir, this 20-80 split, i t would be quite an 
opportunity also for us because of COVID also and also, like vitamin D deficiency known 
to be a global pandemic in itself. So, do you foresee a p lay in  the next five y ears, a 
sizeable growth coming from the entire market of your human vitamin D compared to the 
animal? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: We do… Se e, over the last ten years itself we have seen a 
tremendous growth in the overall market size of vitamin D3. Ba sed on the resea rch 
article, even before COVID, based on t he research article that we re coming in terms of 
use of vitamin D3 for general immunity . You would have started seeing right from chest 
physicians, but earlier it was mostly orthopedicians, but then  right from chest physicians 
to everyone prescribing, even for diabetes also vitamin D3 could be prescribed. This  we 
have been seeing for the last ten years. If you see in general, like for example, Indian 
population, 90% of them are deficient in vitamin D3. Global population, not less t han 
70% on a whole if you take. So, it has to grow. Now, how quickly it will grow and whether 
it is four years -five years or six years and the percentage it will grow. We are internally 
as Prashant has mentioned ea rlier confident that it s hould have a dou ble-digit growth 
growing forward as well over the next few years minimum. 
 
Mr Keshav Kumar: Okay, alright Sir. Can I squeeze in this one quick follow up? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Sure. 
 
=== PAGE 10 ===
Page 9 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
Mr Keshav Kumar: So, Sir, I just wan ted to under stand that wh en Vitamin D 
product is made, say vitamin supplement bar, so does that fallen, it must be falling under 
Human API? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Yes, you are right. 
 
Mr Keshav Kumar: You will be following strin gent regulations, as it would, like if 
you were supplying... 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Not as a, most probably, see, as  far, it depends on where 
you are, may not as stringent as a pharmaceutical, but definitely stringent enough. 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: So, Satish, I will just come in because Keshavji it is very important 
to understand the geography we are discussing here. In India the differentiation between 
pharma and dietary nutrition supplements and food, ok this is food, the example you 
gave, a bar is a food.  So FSSAI, India has all the regulations, so we also, now in Ind ia 
are pretty advanced on the regulation, s o, yes, there will be entry barriers an d there will 
be specific kind of rules. However, when you go to America, it is US FDA, which has got 
two departments; one is pha rma and the second is dietary supplement and f ood pu t 
together under CFR.  So, there are different regulations the re. So, it is again pretty 
stringent. So, it is almost very close to way the pharma, but not exactly pharma and it is 
also auditable, so we as a comp any are completely qualified to support the food and 
dietary nutr ition supplement  in Europe as well as in US. So, we have to look at the 
segment and we have to look at the geography to understand how it is, so in short, if you 
want to know that whether it is complicated and it is based on certain approvals, yes, the 
entire market is. Because if you take in  consideration food under infant nutrition, it has 
got very , very stringent regulations , even higher than probably the pharma.  So, it is 
regulated. Most of it is regulated,  our comp any has all  the approvals to sell in all 
geographies and all segments. 
Mr Keshav Kumar: Okay, great Sir. Great Sir. Thanks a lot, sir. All the best for this 
quarter and for the year. 
Mr Satish Varma: Thank you. 
Bharati: Thank you Sir. Ladies and Gentlemen , if you hav e any question, please 
press star and one on your tele phone keypad and participants are kindl y requested to 
restrict with two questions in the initial round and may join the queue for further 
questions. Next question comes from Nikhil Shetty from BP Equities, please go ahead. 
Mr Nikhil Shetty: Thanks for the opportunity. So, I just wanted clarity on gross 
margin because of contribution from fish oil and cholesterol our margin decline d 
substantially in Q4, but in Q1 we can see simila r contribution for the fish  oil cholesterol 
and our margin recovered to the previous level. So, what is leading to this improvement, 
Sir? 
Mr Satish Varma: We started making margin s in fish oil,  Nikhil. Fish oil as we last 
=== PAGE 11 ===
Page 10 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
time also mentioned during our cal l was our e ntry point last year and also development 
cost also, production costs also was higher because  of that. So, business has come on 
stream. So, that started contributing rather than taking away from the margins. 
Mr Nikhil Shetty: Okay. 
Mr Prashant Nagre: And in addition, Sorry Nikhil, in addition we also saw that we have 
better realizations from the market. 
Mr Nikhil Shetty: Okay. 
Mr Prashant Nagre: So, internal as well as external reasons both contributed. 
Mr Nikhil Shetty: Okay. So, can you give us a ballpark number of , I mean the 
overall margin in the, you know, fish oil cholest erol whether it is in line with the o verall  
margin, is it higher or lower? 
Mr Sumesh Gandhi: I will just address this question. So, Nikhil it is in l ine with the 
overall margin. 
Mr Nikhil Shetty: Okay. So, my next question is, we are adding production, products 
on the food fortification si des. So, how do we see this side to grow in next two to three 
years? 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Satish, should I take this call?  
Mr Satish Varma: Yes, please. 
Mr Prashant Nagre: So, Nikhil, thank you for asking this question because I th ink it is 
very important in light of what is happening in our country. On the 15th of August from the 
Red Fort t he Honorable Prime Minister m ade a very clear ind ication that all the rice by 
2024 would  be made a vailable to the entire population , which is , the  vulnerable 
population will be fortified.  So, similarly, the other fortified staple s which is like f or 
example, oil as well as m ilk. FSSAI came out with  a complete guidance on them as to 
how they should be fortifi ed, how much concentration of all the n utrients should be 
added to them,  in 2018 policy.  So, I think clearly in India,  after 75 years of 
Independence, we still see that  nourishment and the nu trient kind of deficit in the 
vulnerable population is quite sign ificant, it’s called hidden hunger.  So, the entire focus 
of the Central Government now is in line with support of the state is to improve that 
nutritional deficit . And we feel t hat fortificat ion is a very important step in doing tha t 
besides having a ve ry balanced diet. However, the question  with the vulnerable 
population is where do we get that? So , we feel that fortification is going to remain and 
we are going to  participate in  second fortif ication and that ’s where entry into the o il 
fortification and linked with that is milk will happen. I hope I answered your question! 
Mr Nikhil Shetty: Yeah, can you give us a number, Sir? I mean how big this can be  
for Fermenta? 
=== PAGE 12 ===
Page 11 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: It is very difficult to put just a number because I think it is all policy 
level changes which are happening.  What we are doing is getting the cap abilities in 
place and getti ng the penetration done.  For example , in case of o il, already t he 
packaged oil is getting fortified, so we have kind of entered tha t segment that is more 
predictable than others and the others are all under pipeline of getting implemented. So, 
difficult to state a number currently what we will be there  with, but it wi ll be a market 
where we wi ll participate with not only with vitamin D3, but also combinatio n and 
premixes with the other vitamins.  So, we are being very optimistic and focused and 
dedicated to providing the quality suppliers because we come from  pharma, providing 
products of value-added nature in this field which will be o f quality ingredients will be 
very vital for success of this p roject and that's why Fermenta is committed to this , 
particular initiative. And anyway, just to tell you the volumes are definitely going to be big 
because the fortification is not the people who are  still get ting it,  it is the general 
population, as it is food. So, the quantit ies there are pretty large.  The quantity of 
fortificants is very small, but overall, it is a sizeable chunk. 
Mr Nikhil Shetty: That's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Thank you Nikhil. 
Bharati: Thank you Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question, please 
press star and one on your telephone keypad. Next question comes from Shanti Patel 
from Shanti Patel Investments Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Mr Shanti Patel: Sir, what my question is.  During the, I  mean, what we are  
expecting for FY 21 and 22, that means 31st March 22, what is the approximate return on 
capital and return on equity and wha t will be our profit margin t hat is stake margin 
approximate? 
Mr Sumesh Gandhi: : Can I take this? 
Mr Satish Varma: Yes, please. 
Mr Sumesh Gandhi: Shanti ji, I am sorry, but we do not give any forward-looking 
statement at any point of time , so it will be v ery difficult for me to state anything as to 
what the margins would be as on 31 st March 2022. However, we s till continue to state 
and we stick to that, that for a period of long term which is five y ears or something. We 
are looking at the CAGR growth of 15%, which is there on the revenue, on the top line 
with an EBITDA margin of around 25%. 
Mr Shanti Patel: Okay. Okay. Thank you, thank you sir. 
Bharati: Next question comes from Madhav Kondapalli from  Shastra Cap ital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mr Madhav Kondapalli: Yeah, good morning and congratulations for good numbers 
sir. 
=== PAGE 13 ===
Page 12 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Thank you, Madhav. 
Mr Madhav Kondapalli: I have two questions sir. Question number one is on the 
Fermenta USA. So, I think almost it’s nine months now after acquiring the company, so I 
would like to listen from you how we are progressing there, actually what is the target for 
the next one to two years from this acquisition? 
Mr Sumesh Gandhi: Satish, Prashant, do y ou want me t o fi rst put in the financial 
numbers for this quarte r and then take it across, from an understand ing point of view, 
what it is. 
Mr Satish Varma: Yes, Please.  
Mr Sumesh Gandhi: Yeah. So, from the acquired company in this quarter w e had the 
top li ne of approximately 9 crores coming out of it. And EBITDA of around about 72 
lakhs from the acquired company. Yeah,  so and majority of it, it’s something which has 
happened in this quarter. I think so, from a business perspective Prashant, do you want 
to talk about it? 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Yeah, so Madhav j i, the US company and the plan f or this 
company and the reason fo r acqu isition in the future, this was a distributor whom we 
used to distribute our animal feed that is what he was doing for a very long time. We saw 
that America is one of the largest feed consumption markets in the world, very organized 
and we have direc t connection with all the end customers through this distributor, that’s 
why we went ahead and invested in this company and t he acquisition. Currently, we 
have already at the beginning of this call spoken about the vitamin D3 feed grade market 
and the current difficulties that is there because of pandemic and now America is also in 
the wave 4, and that has continued to impact the entire retail business of the meat that is 
restaurants and all and th erefore, pressure on th e animal feed. However, our focus has 
been on this business in a long term, so it cannot be looked at in quarter-to-quarter 
basis, s o we  feel that America will  remain t o consume meat, will remain a strongest 
exporter of meat as well and the an imal feed segment therefore will be str ong. We have 
approvals and we have access to all of them now, it’s our own company there and w e 
are growing in our relationship stron ger, every passing day because of this. The entire 
new company  has been launched to all the customers that we are committed  to th e 
American market that is one. The second part in the American business is now that we 
have acquired the company, we have also over the last one-one and a half years started 
focusing on human nutrition also. And on human nutrition there are large companies on 
dietary and nutritional company, like the Walmarts and Walgreens and the C VS and all 
and they have range of prod ucts which they buy on vitamin. Because they have gelatin 
capsules which they m ake in t heir country and the raw material, so w e have  started 
getting qualified. We should be qualified to a large number of those customers there and 
we feel that as we go forward, the human nutrition which was almost zero or negligible in 
the last few years, now it is our own company, we have started investing in that portfolio 
there and we have got approvals, we have started business also and this year financials 
will see a healthy co ntribution from the human nutrition. Going forward, the American 
=== PAGE 14 ===
Page 13 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
dietary and nu trition market is many many times bigge r than  India and sl ightly larger 
than the European market. We feel that being present in America gives us the access to 
that market a nd at one point in time we will also start manufacturing value added 
products in USA on contract manufacturing basis. So, that’s the future ou tlook of this. I 
think we are very confident with the en thusiasm th at w e have within the compa ny 
structure to make sure that this plan going forward. So, I think Fermenta USA is on track 
as far as the long-term strategy understanding. 
Mr Madhav Kondapalli: Yeah, I think by the end of this year it will, the margins will 
be normalized with our gross margin will be normalized with our Indian operation? 
Mr Prashant Nagre: We hope so, sir. We hope so. 
Mr Satish Varma: Madhav, you should r emember that Fermenta US A is not a  
manufacturing company like we are. It is more a distribution marketing company. So, 
margins, you know, vitamin D3 especially on the human side, we enjoy pretty different 
margins. 
Mr Madhav Kondapalli: But ultimatel y you h ave be en supplying the p roduct fro m 
here, you know, sir, it should be in line with our country margins. 
Mr Satish Varma: You ca nnot take m argins of two places, you know. You cannot 
expect that you will take margin in India as well as and again you will have a similar type 
of margins there in your own company before you give outside. It won’t work like that.  
Mr Madhav Kondapalli: Together once it’s consolidated it will be in line. 
Mr Satish Varma: Of course, as a co nsolidated basis, you will always enjoy th e 
margins that we are cu rrently en joying. On a  consolidated basis, you  are absolutely 
right. 
Mr Madhav Kondapalli: Yeah, thank you, thank you for answering that query.  Then, 
the second questions is on the other nu trition product, actually I think we have been 
working on there al most one-and-a-half to two years on the other nutrition product, so 
how we are actually progressing on this, sir? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: We have launched as we mentioned  in our presentations as 
well, like e.g., omega fatty acids, vitamin A and D, or oil fortifi cation, Astaxanthin, these 
are products, which we have already launched.  We are going to manufacture prem ixes 
for which the work has already started, but it’s again manufacturing, s o c apital is 
involved in that, that will t ake time; maybe hopefully in ano ther 12 months, we should 
have our premix plant also up and ready, so that will give a much larger basket. 
 
Mr Madhav Kondapalli: Are we going to do  FRK, sir? This fortified rice kernel  is 
going to be a part of portfolio? 
 
Mr Sumesh Gandhi: Hello, hello, Prashant… 
 
=== PAGE 15 ===
Page 14 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: Pardon, Sir? What was the question? The line  was slightly 
not good. 
 
Mr Madhav Kondapalli: Yeah, I am saying sir, this fortified rice kernels is going to be 
part of our portfolio? 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: We are evaluating that.  Satish, he is asking is fortified rice 
kernel going to be part of our portfolio. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: We are working on that.  We are looking forward to adding it 
to our part of a portfolio. 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: The work is on 
 
Mr Madhav Kondapalli: Yeah, please, go ahead sir. 
 
Mr Prashant Nagre: No, I said that work is on Madhav ji.  
 
Mr Madhav Kondapalli: Okay, okay.  That’s it, sir. Thank you, thank you very much.  
All the best sir. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Thank you. 
 
Bharati: Thank you Sir. Ladies and gentlem en, if  you have a 
question, please press star and one on your telephone keypad.   Next, we have a follow-
up questions from Mr Shashikant B from Prometheus Strategy, please go ahead. 
 
Mr Shashikant: Hi, thank y ou for taking my follow -up question sir.  I think a 
typical Capex trajectory at current price point for vitamin D3 is you have to achieve 100 
crore revenue, what is the incremental Capex that you need for it to work, to achieve a 
certain amount of turnover?  What kind of, you know, Capex you will need for one crore 
of turnover. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: See, it is currently under evaluation Shashikant Ji, because it 
is difficult to mention at this stage, I will tell you why.  Number one, w e cannot do any 
more after what we have done so far over the last year-and-a-half to two years in Dahej.  
We cannot do any more incremental capacity increase; we are out of space in our 
existing plants or piece of land where we are having curr ent infrastructure. Whatever we 
do need s to b e a green field project.  Of course,  we have lan d and  environmental 
permissions already with us in our Saykha, where we have taken about 10 acres of land 
or so. Now, we are currently evaluating what all will com e there in terms of pr oducts 
baskets. So, whether the entire load or how much of the load goes on to the…because it 
is a g reen field project right from scratch, what load goes on to which project will 
determine and how many project we will put inside, what is the total Capex we put inside 
will determine what will be the load that will come on to, e.g., D3 part of it.  We do intend 
to expand D3 also there, so whether it  is going to be 1:1 or whether it is going to be 
different from that, we will have to see.   The more projects we put in will defi nitely bring 
the ratio down, I mean the basket mix that we put in there. 
 
Mr Shashikant: Got it, but if it’s 1:1 assuming a ran ge of products just to 
understand how your equation will work out to get us incremental revenue? 
=== PAGE 16 ===
Page 15 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
 
Mr Satish Varma: I think the be st thing, best guess we can d o is based on the 
current…what we have in the existing experience , so it should be around…100 c rore 
investment should give you definitely close to 100 or more in terms of revenue. 
 
Mr Shashikant: Okay, okay. Got i t. Okay. Gr eat. T hank you very much, 
thanks. 
 
Bharati: Thank you Sir . Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question, please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Next, we have a follow-
up questions from Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Yeah. Thank you for taking my question.  Sir, my question 
relates to the last expansion pertaining to backward i ntegration we have done. So, can 
you suggest how much is outside that of cholesterol? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: How much is outside? 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Outside purchase of choleste rol or it is 100%  totally 
consumed. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Sunil, we have two streams of cho lesterol that we have, one 
is the backward integration we have done which is based on wool grease that we 
purchase and manufacture our own cholesterol. Entire thing is used for captive. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Okay. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: We have cholesterol that is be ing manufactured from fish oil 
extracts, fish oil after omega fatty acids are taken, we take the residue and manufacture 
cholesterol out of that.  That is completely 100%  being sold in th e aquaculture market 
currently. So, there are two separate streams. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Okay. So, backward integration of fish oil what we had done 
is currently going… 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Not fi sh oil, wo ol grease-based cholesterol backward 
integration is what we referred to as wool grease-based cholesterol. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Okay. So, if I am correct then this backward integration will 
you said that has a similar margin as compared to the company? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: Fish oil cholesterol has similar  margins as compa red to the 
company. Backward integration is wool grease-based cholesterol, wh ich definitely 
reduces the cost of cholesterol as compared to what we purchase fr om outside vendors 
that we use d to do e arlier. So, that are two separate things. I th ink, Sunil ji , the fish oil 
cholesterol earlier what Sumesh was also mentioning is similar in line with our overall 
margins as fish oil cholesterol which we sell completely outside. After the b ackward 
integration, we buy wool grease, manufacture our own cholesterol for which the last year 
about 65 crores of Capex was, as Sumesh h as mentioned, we have capitalized that is 
completely utilized inhouse. Yes, it helps us most importantly in our security and stability 
to be able to manufacture D3 because it’s a niche ingred ient, it’s not so freely available 
=== PAGE 17 ===
Page 16 
 
Transcript - Fermenta Biotech Q1FY22 Results Conference Call 
 
and there are very few vendors  available for that. Not only does it give a security and 
stability, but also it definitely reduces our cost as compared to what we wou ld h ave 
ended up purchasing from vendors, the few vendors that we, that are available. So, they 
are completely two different things. 
 
Mr Sunil Jain: So, can you share this revenue from fish oil cholesterol 
which we sell outside? 
 
Mr Satish Varma: As, I think it’s about 8% of our revenues for this quarter.  
 
Mr Sunil Jain: Okay. Great, sir. Thank you very much. 
 
Mr Satish Varma: It’s about 8% of revenues for this quarter.  
 
Bharati: Thank you Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question, please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Ladies and gentle men, 
if you have a question, please press star and one on your telephone keypad. Ladies and 
gentlemen, that would be the last question for the day. Now I handover  the floor to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you, Sir. 
 
Mr Sumeet Shah: Thank you so much Bharati. Thank you all for participating in 
this earnings con call. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. 
If you have any fu rther questions or you would like to kn ow more about the company, 
please reach out to our inve stor relationship managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you 
once again and stay safe. 
 
Bharati: Thank you Sir. Thank you everyone. Ladies and gentlemen, 
on behalf of Aditya Birla Money, this concludes the conference call for today. Thank you 
for your partic ipation and you may disconnect your lines now. Thank you and h ave a 
good day everyone. 
______________________________________________________________________ 
Note: 1. This document has been edited to improve readability. 
 2. Bl anks in this transcript rep resent inaudible or incomprehensible 
words. 
 
 
 
 