
=== PAGE 1 ===
 
 
 
       Date: June 19, 2024 
 
To, 
 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services (DCS-Listing)  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 531717 
The Manager, 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: VIDHIING 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Ref.: Company Code: BSE – 531717, NSE Symbol: VIDHIING 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/Investor Conference call held on June 12, 2024 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, We wish to inform you that,  with reference to our letter dated June 12, 2024 for Submission of Audio 
Recording of Analyst/Investor Conference Call  held on June 12, 2024 , i n this regard, the transcript of the 
said Analyst/Investors conference call has been uploaded on the website of the Company and can be 
accessed at the web link https://vidhifoodcolors.com/investor-relation/announcements/ 
 
Kindly take the same on your record and display on your website.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited,  
 
 
 
     Bipin Madhavji Manek 
     Managing Director 
      DIN: 00416441 
 
 
=== PAGE 2 ===
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BIPIN MANEK – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – VIDHI SPECIALTY FOOD INGREDIENTS 
LIMITED 
 MR. MIHIR MANEK – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
VIDHI SPECIALTY FOOD INGREDIENTS LIMITED 
 MR. MITESH MANEK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VIDHI SPECIALTY FOOD INGREDIENTS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  MR. PARTH PATEL – ORIENT CAPITAL 
 

=== PAGE 3 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited Q4 
FY24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that thi s conference is being 
recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parth Patel from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to 
you, Mr. Patel. 
Parth Patel: Thank you, Michelle. On behalf of Orient Capital, I welcome you all to Vidhi Specialty Food 
Ingredients Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
 From the management side, we have Mr. Bipin Man ek, Chairman and Managing Director. Mr. 
Mihir Man ek, Joint Managing Director. Mr. Mitesh Man ek, Chief Financial Officer. I hope 
everybody had an opportunity to go through our investor deck that we have uploaded on 
exchanges and the company's website. A short disclaimer, I would like to say befo re we begin 
the call, this call may contain some of the forward -looking statements which are completely 
based upon our beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. The statements are not a 
guarantee of our future performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
 With this, now I hand over the call to Mr. Mihir Manek. Over to you, sir.  . 
Mihir Manek: Thank you Parth . Good afternoon, everyone. I extend a warm welcome to all of you on our 
Earnings Conference Call . First and forem ost, I want to express my gratitude to each one of 
you for joining this call and for your continued support throughout our journey.  Additionally, I 
extend a hearty welcome to those who are exploring our company for the first time. For the 
benefit of those who are new to our company, I would like to give a short background of 
company. Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients was established in 1994. 
 Formerly, it was known as Vidhi  Dyestuffs Manufacturing Limited and is a leading 
manufacturer of superior s ynthetic food grade colors. The company supplies colors to diverse 
consumer industries such as food and feed, confectionaries and bakery, pet foods, 
pharmaceuticals, beverages, personal care products, cosmetics, home care products, etc. Food 
colors form a critical component of any product's appearance and appeal. 
 With solid growth expected in the B2C user industries, growth prospects are favorable for the 
company owing to the company's strong product and service delivery. Our colors are being 
distributed and consumed in over 80 countries across five continents, meeting all the specific 
regulatory requirements for each region. The global food color market is estimated to grow at a 
CAGR of 4.7% from 2021 to 2026. 
=== PAGE 4 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 The global food color market is estimated cur rently at 50,000 tons, with the domestic market 
estimated to be around 3,000 to 4,000 tons. Vidhi being a synthetic food color manufacturer, 
envisages   healthy demand for its products. And as the natural food colors market is 
fragmented and unorganized  worldwide and faces many challenges on the fronts of stability, 
availability, adaptability sides. 
 The company has a fully equipped and functional laboratory accredited by the Bureau of 
Indian Standards, which forms the core of quality control departm ent with dedicated R&D 
facility with a team of PhDs and qualified chemists. Constantly working on process 
engineering of the existing processes and on development of new products to enhance the 
product portfolio and offerings. Our company has two state -of-the-art manufacturing facilities, 
one located in the Dhatav village of Raigad district in Maharashtra and the recently 
commercialized Greenfield expansion in Dahej of Gujarat. 
 The Dahej plant began production on December 12th, 2023, following a successful  trial run 
that began on August 27th of 2023. With this addition, the company's overall capacity has 
doubled from 325 metric tons per month to 675 metric tons per month. The to tal investment 
for this was INR70 crores, which was all funded through internal accruals. 
 I am referring to the Dahej SEZ plant. This Greenfield expansion will enable Vidhi to address 
the growing demand supply gap and will result in increasing better realizations as the company 
forays into new high -margin products. Our manufacturing facilities have been audited from 
time to time by various regulators and found satisfactory by them. 
 This includes the US FDA. Vidhi offers 14 colors in all, out of which 6 colors are approved by 
the US FDA to be used in the USA and in Canada. These strin gent quality requirements act as 
a high entry barrier for competitors and also requires multiple years of customer approvals 
ranging from 4 to 5 years to a maximum of 10 years. 
 We are consistent with our transformation strategy to increase the manufacturi ng activities and 
gradually exit low -margin trading business. This coupled with better product mix and 
continuous improvement in operational efficiency will help the company to achieve lucrative 
margins. The fall in revenue from existing trading business w ill be offset by the new capacity 
expansion undertaken by the company, which is expected to further improve the profitability 
margins. 
 In FY2022, the revenue contribution from the manufacturing segment stood at 47%, which is 
now increased to 90% in FY24. The management is committed to add new value -added 
products in our newer facilities, which will improve our consolidated margins in the coming 
quarters. Vidhi enjoys a favorable export market for its products because of the high quality 
standards that the company has maintained and established relations with its long -standing 
customers. 
=== PAGE 5 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 Exports for the year stood at 82% as compared to 45% in FY22. We continue to penetrate into 
newer geographies and add new customers across diversified end -user industries a nd further 
improve our wallet share from our existing customers. With the new greenfield expansion, we 
focus to enhance product portfolio and improve operational efficiencies and operating 
leverage. 
 The board strives for a bright future for the company wi th overall growth and turnover, as well 
as profit through expansion of its production facility. Now I would like to hand over the call to 
Mr. Mitesh, who is our CFO, so he can discuss the financial highlights. Please take over, Mr. 
Mitesh. 
Mitesh Manek: Thank you, Mr. Mi hir, for that. First of all, I would like to extend a very warm welcome to 
everyone present in this call. Allow me to discuss the Q4 FY24 financial performance of the 
company. 
 The consolidated revenues for the quarter stood at INR80.6 crores versus INR89.5 crores in 
Q4 FY23, thus registering a degrowth of 9.9% on a year -on-year basis, but on account of the 
gradually exiting trading business. As far as margins are concerned, the EBITDA stood at 
INR16 crores as compared to INR12.2 crores, thus registering a growth of 31.2% year-on-year. 
Our EBITDA margins for Q4 FY24 was 19.8% as compared to 13.6% in Q4 FY23. 
 The PAT also stood at INR10.5 crores versus INR8.8 crores, hence registering a growth of 
19.3% year-on-year. And our PAT margin for the quarter was 13% as compared to 9.8% in Q4 
FY23. Moving to the year -end annual performance, the consolidated revenues for the year 
stood at INR303 crores versus INR404 crores in FY23. The EBITDA in FY24 stood at INR57 
crores versus INR55.8 crores in FY23. T he EBITDA margin improved significantly in FY24 
from FY23. 
 The margins stood at 18.8% in FY24 as compared to 13.8% in FY23, thus improving by 500 
basis points. The PAT stood at INR36.4 crores in FY24 versus INR37.7 crores in FY23, 
registering a degrowth o f 3.3% but only because of the higher depreciation cost arising out of 
the start of operations at the new Dahej facility. The company has also declared a final 
dividend of INR1 per share i.e. 100% per equity share having face value of INR1 each for the 
financial year 2023-24 as a final dividend. 
I would now like to open the floor for questions and answers session. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, Sir. The first question is from the line of Ranvir from Nuvama Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Ranvir: Thank you for taking my question. A few questions from my side. Facility wise, can you give 
us the capacity utilization by end of FY '24? 
Mitesh Manek: What would be your other question? 
=== PAGE 6 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Ranvir: In this industry, because of the trading portion, we are reducing and manufact uring is 
increasing. As far as competition is concerned, how are we placed in the market? Who are the 
other players in the same line of business? If you could deliberate that would be helpful. Also, 
if you could give some kind of margin profile we have see n improvement. What kind of 
margin we can see in the next couple of years? So that if you could guide. 
Mitesh Manek: To answer your first question, we expect a monthly production of about 250 tons coming out 
of our Dahej facility. In the third quarter of F Y '24- '25. We expect the plant to be running at 
full capacity by the end of FY '24- '25. 
 Coming back to your question on the kind of competition that exists. Currently, as far as 
synthetic food colors are concerned there are only three players as far as Indian manufacturing 
is concerned. One of them is ROHA Dyechem. The other one is Neelikon Food Dyes and 
Chemicals. And the third one is Vidhi. These are the only three serious players as far as food 
colors are concerned. 
 Other than these, there are two Am erican based companies. One of them is Sensient of USA 
and the other one is Dye Star of USA. Which is a relatively smaller company to Vidhi, Roha 
and  Sensient. So, the entire synthetic food color industry revolves around these five players. 
As far as Vidhi is concerned, as far as competitiveness is concerned based out of India and 
because of our low overhead structure and because of our expertise in raw material 
procurement and marketing strategy and our ability to serve the customers as r equired and on 
time, Vidhi enjoys a considerable advantage worldwide because   our quality, our product and 
is extremely famous world over and highly sought after. So, I hope that answers both your 
questions. 
Ranvir: So, competition in the sense actual ly I wanted to understand more on the volume the kind of 
total volume demanded and how the share of these competitors are there. So, how in India and 
as well as global markets, what is the total demand in terms of metric ton? 
Mitesh Manek: So, the total demand for synthetic food colors is estimated at around 50,000 metric tons a year. 
Out of which, Roha Dyechem would contribute around 10,000 metric tons a year. Vidhi's 
specialty as you know stands at around 8,000 metric tons per year once  Dahej is running full  
steam. 
  Neelikon would stand at close to 2,000 metric tons a year. Dye Star would stand at around 
3,000 to 3,500 metric tons a year and the rest of it. But of course, as I said earlier also, Dye 
Star is not performing very well in losing market share. So, their volumes will come down and 
the rest of the market share lies with Sensient. 
Ranvir: Okay, still I think because it's a 50,000 metric ton market, so I can count this as 10,000 if Roha 
is 8,000 roughly Vidhi. And Neelikon how much you said? 
=== PAGE 7 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Mitesh Manek: Neelikon is small, it's around 2,000 metric tons. 
Ranvir: Still, this is just 18,000, 20,000, 23,000 tons. So, I think these four players constitute only half 
of this market. 
Mitesh Manek: Dye Star you should put at  around 3,000 to 3,500 metric tons. And there is also another 
company called the Daiwa of Japan who are also manufacturing synthetic food colors. But 
their market share is restricted to the Japanese territory itself and they make around 2,000 tons 
a year as well. 
Ranvir: Okay, fine. And this is the 8,000 we are saying that post the Dahej expansion. We are not 
including that Roha expansion right now? 
Mitesh Manek: No, this is only the existing facility Roha and with the new expansion which we have thrown  
open in December in the Dahej. 
Ranvir: And the third comment, I wanted your commentary on the margin, how the margin looks like 
in next couple of years? 
Mitesh Manek: So see, like you have seen, the margins have already seen a vast improvement of close to 500  
basis points itself from year 2023 to 2024. And as the Dahej comes, the Dahej goes full stream. 
And like how Mr. Mihir also said, we are also now introducing certain high -value, high -
margin products. With the full introduction of all of that and by improv ing our product mix, 
which we are constantly in the exercise of doing, our margin should -- we would not be 
surprised if we would add another 500, 600 basis points in the next year or so. 
Ranvir: Okay, so a scope of significant expansion is still there. De spite this, we have already increased 
our return margin. Yes. And if I can add one more that on the Dahej facility the expansion, 
what is the peak revenue potential of the Dahej? And if the Roha comes into picture then what 
would be the peak revenue from Roha also? And timeline also if you could get for a Roha 
facility. 
Mitesh Manek: So, the peak revenue potential from   Dahej would be roughly INR250 crores to INR300 crores 
once the facility goes full stream. And I believe you are talking about the next  expansion for 
Roha. 
Ranvir: Yes.  
Mitesh Manek: Right now, we would not like to comment on our third expansion on Roha because currently it 
is under statutory approvals, etc. And once we get a slightly more clearer opinion on when we 
would start productio n out there and when we would get the approvals in fact, which is when 
we would like to release some forward-looking statements on that expansion in Roha. 
Ranvir: Okay. But this is environment clearance is pending. That is where the current status is. 
=== PAGE 8 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Mitesh Manek: Environmental approval is pending. Yes. 
Ranvir: Okay. Thank you. That is all from my side.  
Mitesh Manek: My pleasure. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Priyank Chheda: Hi, sir. Congratulations for a great set of numbers. My question is if you can spell out some 
basic data points on FY '24, what was the manufacturing segment volume growth and what 
was the utilization of the existing plant of 3,900 tons? And w hat was the volume contribution 
from the Dahej SEZ plant for three months, which was operating? Would be great. 
Mitesh Manek: See, the contribution that came out of Dahej for the first three months, which is the last quarter 
for FY '24 was rather small. It  stood at around 220 metric tons, 230 metric tons coming out of 
the Dahej facility. Because even though we threw it open in December, you know, we had to 
slowly and steadily ramp up production in Dahej and we didn't want to take things very fast. 
So, however in the April -May-June quarter, we have seen much better contribution from the 
Dahej facility, and it will only continue to grow. As far as manufacturing and trading, I believe 
you are looking at numbers or you want figures? 
Priyank Chheda: Manufacturing volumes, if you can spell out as a total volumes, what was the manufacturing 
volumes in FY '24 or maybe a Y-o-Y growth would be helpful? 
Mitesh Manek: I will speak in terms of volumes because that will give you a slightly better idea. For 2023, the 
total manufacturing volumes stood at 3,300 metric tons, which for 2024 stood at 3,800 metric 
tons, registered a growth of 500 metric tons out there. And it had some contribution from 
Dahej also, like I told you, around 220 metric tons to 250 metric tons. 
Priyank Chheda: Perfect. So, 3,800 metric tons for FY '24 includes 220 metric tons of Dahej  SEZ, correct? 
Mitesh Manek: Yes, that's right. Perfect. 
Priyank Chheda: Now, coming to the gross margins from the manufacturing side. So, you did allude about 500 
basis point improvement that you saw in FY '24. That is also a function of your trading 
revenue going down, right? So, it has to naturally come up as and when we take out trading 
revenue. So, in fact, to do a life -to-life comparison on the manufacturing side, your margins 
have broadly remained flat as far as our calculation goes. So, how should we look ahead? 
Manufacturing gross margins are around 44%, 45%. How should we look ahead? What should 
be the margins that we should think of in terms of gross margins? 
=== PAGE 9 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Mitesh Manek: See, I'll tell you one thing. The trading revenue for the year 2022 -'23 stood at INR123 crores. 
As against the trading revenue for 2023 -'24 stood at only INR31 crores. And now that you are 
seeing an increase of 500 basis points as far as EBITD A is concerned, which means whatever 
additional EBITDA that we've been able to bring out has been all contributed to the increase in 
the manufacturing revenue which we have seen compared to 2022-'23. 
So, now that we continue to substitute trading with the manufacturing revenue and with Dahej 
coming on full steam, it gives us economies of scale, economies of manufacturing, reduces our 
fixed costs, overheads, distribution costs, marketing costs, etcetera. And we will be able to 
improve our product mix to an e xtent where we have not reached so far because of the 
production constraints which we faced in Roha. 
All of this together along with the new products which we have spoken about, all of this will 
help our operating margins improve further by 500 -600 basis p oints. So, multiple factors 
favouring the way we work and the way the new facility allows us to work is what will bring 
about the change in the operating profit. 
Priyank Chheda: So, again, we have been tracking your company for long now. What was FY '24 manufacturing 
EBITDA margins? If you can spell out that, it will answer many of the other questions. 
Mitesh Manek: The entire EBITDA margins for FY23 -'24 were almost coming out of the manufacturing 
business. 
Priyank Chheda: The total EBITDA of FY '24 was con tributed by manufacturing. So, zero EBITDA 
contribution from trading. Is that correct? 
Mitesh Manek: A very small EBITDA came out of trading. Not too much. The entire EBITDA was 
contributed to the manufacturing. What happened was, mainly in '23 -'24, we wer e 
concentrating on clearing out the trading stock which would allow us to almost exit out of it 
completely. 
Priyank Chheda: We have got it, sir. Given the prices were on the downward trend, we thought that we would 
have done some EBITDA loss on that side. So, this is the reason why I was asking about the 
manufacturing EBITDA margins.  My second question is on the combination of macro -micro. 
85% of our revenues do come from the exports which are into the regions where your global 
markets industry growth is expected to be somewhere around 5%. 
 There is no significant demand -supply change which is happening.  So, what gives us the 
confidence to completely ramp up the Dahej SEZ plant within a year's time. If the scenario is 
such that there is any global capacity s hutdown, then it may be easy. What gives us the 
confidence to give this kind of a target where almost double the size you would utilize it in a 
year? 
Mihir Manek: So, Mr. Mitesh, can I please take this question if you don't mind? 
=== PAGE 10 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Mitesh Manek: Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manek: So, this is Mihir here. I will answer this question. Now, with regards to your question that how 
we are so confident that we will be able to successfully ramp up, I would like to say that, see, 
even currently we have an order book which a llows us, if we can make as per the requirement 
already that we have the existing order book, we can achieve full, we can ship out all the 
production that we will be able to get even after the Dahej facility is maxed out. 
So, it is not a question of whether we have the demand or not, but the question is how soon we 
can overcome all the bottlenecks, etcetera that we are having, the new facility also we are 
making certain changes for which, we needed this time. And as we scale up, we already have 
the kind of demand. 
We also have certain additional approvals from new customers, some very large accounts that 
are at very advanced stages. And these are some very sizable accounts. So, which we are 
confident of wrapping up over the next few months. 
So, the order pip eline is, we are 100% confident is not an issue, which is otherwise we would 
have never planned a third expansion in Roha after the Dahej. If we don't see or if we don't 
have such kind of confidence about our ability to market the capacities that we are in vesting 
into, right? 
Priyank Chheda: Very clear, Mihir bhai. Thanks a lot for answering that question. Just a last question on my 
side for you. Domestic sales are yet a very small size versus the available market, the demand 
of around 3000 tons and 3500 tons. Any specific local strategy that we have in place? Would it 
be fair to assume that incremental volumes would also go towards servicing the domestic 
market? 
 Mihir Manek: Good question. See, what we had to unfortunately do so far was to neglect t he local market 
because as far as the export market is concerned, you ship out in container loads. So, each 
order is, beginning from $70,000 -$80,000 can go up to $400,000 single PO. Whereas when 
you are servicing domestic customers, it could be anything fr om a INR20,000 order to a 
INR25 lakh order or INR50 lakh order. 
But the average size, ticket size of each order will be much smaller in the domestic market. 
You will need a lot of more marketing bandwidth. And the kind of demand that we have been 
experiencing from the export markets, we were not being able to do justice to our existing 
customers also. 
So which is why we were not very keen on approaching certain key accounts that we already 
have on our radar in the domestic market also which now we can take over -- which we can 
now take into our hold once we are further scaling up the production at the Dahej. So as we get 
more quantities available for sale, we will be acquiring newer accounts from the domestic 
=== PAGE 11 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
market. We have already built a very good marketing team for that also. So we are confident of 
increasing our domestic sales. You will see remarkable growth in the domestic sales over the 
next 12 months. 
Mitesh Manek: In fact, I would like to add to that, that the process has already began. And for the f inancial 
year '22-'23 where our domestic revenue from manufacturing stood at INR8.18 crores, I'm 
happy to inform you that for the year 2023 -'24, that revenue has almost tripled to INR22.59 
crores. So that process that Mr. Mihir was talking about has alread y began. And we will only 
improve upon these numbers with the coming years. 
Priyank Chheda: Perfect. And if I have to just squeeze in one more question. So given a large account order 
book that we ha d for the exports, given the domestic strategy that we ha ve to fulfil our Dahej 
SEZ capacity, and the focus is clearly on a higher value item, right , higher value SKUs, higher 
value molecules, high margin products. So would it be fair to assume there would be a slightly 
improvement in the average selling price t hat we have seen in FY '24 to FY '25, '26 and '27? 
Any progress ahead. 
Mitesh Manek: Absolutely. The average unit selling price per kilo has to improve as we bring in newer 
products and improve our portfolio mix. It will. 
Priyank Chheda: And if I have to rec alculate the guidance that you have given for INR250 crores of Dahej SEZ 
by the capacity, roughly average selling price comes to around 10% higher than what you have 
already  clocked in FY'24. Is that understanding broadly right? 
Mitesh Manek: According to our estimates, the average selling price per kilo s hould improve by more than 
10%. 
Priyank Chheda: Okay. And you cater to a very broader set of industry, which is cosmetic -- from cosmetics to 
food and beverages to pharma and pet foods.  So which c an be the segment where you would 
see a very nonlinear demand jump coming up or maybe your customers or in the segment 
where you are not there, where you can see a very nonlinear growth coming up in those 
segments? And if possible to give us a broader cont ribution from each of the segments would 
be helpful. 
Mitesh Manek: See, I will tell you one thing. As such the growth that is expected by the company would come 
from all major categories of end user industries which we are catering to currently which is 
beverages or food or feed or pet foods or other such industries but where we do expect some 
sort of nonlinear growth that the company is expecting would come from the personal care 
industry, the healthcare industry, the beauty products industry, cosmetic ind ustry, 
pharmaceutical industry, leak detectors industry, inks, etc etera. This is where we are expecting 
the company to achieve a nonlinear growth in the quarters and years to come. 
Priyank Chheda: Thank you. 
=== PAGE 12 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Gokul Maheshwari: Yes, thank you for my question. S ir, just one on the capex for the Roha,  this is a brownfield 
expansion? 
Mitesh Manek: So the expansion which would happe n in Roha would also be on a fresh piece of land, hence 
making it a greenfield expansion only. 
Gokul Maheshwari: Okay. Sir, I understand that it is subject to approvals from the environmental listing, but in 
terms of the challenges which we face in the age with respect to some delays in commissioning 
the expansion, what learnings can you really implement over here where the expansion is 
happening just once the approvals are in place and assuming demand is in place, the 
commissioning should happen.  Do you en visage some challenges apart from environmental 
control approvals? 
Mitesh Manek: No, there are no other challenges which are envisaged as far as the second expansion is Roha 
is concerned. And also, you know, need I remind you that as far as the Dahej expan sion is 
concerned, the whole world faced an unprecedented period of COVID -19. During which, you 
know, nobody knew what the next month or the next quarter would bring as far as restrictions 
on construction, availability of workers, availability of steel, ce ment, etc etera, is concerned, 
you know, and how their prices would react when the supplies would come in. 
So that was a period which each and every company should be excused off as far as any sort of 
delay in commissioning a project or anything is concerne d. However, our team has done an 
excellent job by limiting the  damage that the delay could have done by working through that 
period very judiciously. And we've done some Herculean efforts still to minimize the effect or 
the delay. However, no such  -- we don't expect any such delays to happen as far as the second 
Roha expansion is concerned. 
Gokul Maheshwari: Great. And your average realizations have been around $7 -$8 on your manufacturing business. 
I'm not asking for year one or two, but more directionally over a three to five-year perspective 
as we move up key chain addressi ng to more value -added products, h ow do you see the 
realizations…? 
Mitesh Manek: The realizations per kilo would jump above $10 per kilo comfortably over three to five years 
period. 
Gokul Maheshwari: Thank you so much and all the best.  
Mitesh Manek: My pleasure. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. Please 
go ahead. 
=== PAGE 13 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Saket Kapoor: Namaskar, sir, and thank you for this opportunity.  
Mitesh Manek: Namaskar. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, firstly, a small point. For this financial year, our installed capacity is up from 350 to 675. 
And the benefit of the expanded capacity we experienced in the fourth quarter. 
Mitesh Manek: No. See, like I explained a little earlier on, the Dahej facility is expected to contribute 250 tons 
a month from the third quarter of FY '24-'25. That is the quarter starting October '24. So in 
financial year '24-'25, we have still not seen Dahej in full flow.  However, from the thi rd 
quarter onwards, it is expected to contribute 250 metric tons per month. So  our capacity in use 
is 325 tons at Roha and 250 tons from Dahej for October '24 onwards. 
Saket Kapoor: Last point, sir, come again, sir. 
Mitesh Manek: So our expected capacity u tilization would be 325 metric tons from the Roha facility and 250 
metric tons from the Dahej facility October '24 onwards totaling to 575 metric tons per month. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. This is on the installed capacity of 675?  
Mitesh Manek: That's right. Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And then, sir, when we speak about the capacity reaching 1 ,000, so when will that 
balance 325 will kick in, in which quarter? 
Mitesh Manek: For which the environmental -- for which the permission from the environmental authorities is 
awaited in our greenfield expansion in Roha. Once we have that, only we can confirm when 
the additional capacity would come online. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. Because in your presentation, slide 12, you speak about our capacity being at 1 ,000 for 
'24-'25 expected. 
Mitesh Manek: Correct. But the point is we are awaiting environmental clearance as far as our second facility 
in Roha is concerned.  We have a lot of infrastructure out there which is ready. As far as our 
other facility in Roha is concerned, a lot of infr astructure, buildings, etc etera, are present out 
there. So once we get the environmental clearance, it would not take us too long to  retrofit 
machinery, etcetera, and start production out there. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, on an absolute basis, what was our tonnage  for the fourth quarter then, taking into account 
the expanded capacity, ramping up also, what was the tonnage for the fourth quarter? 
Mitesh Manek: You mean March 24 you are talking about, last quarter March 24? 
Saket Kapoor: Yes. 
=== PAGE 14 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Mitesh Manek: The total tonnage was 1,300 metric tons. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. So, 1,300 metric tons was for the quarter. 
Mitesh Manek: For the quarter ended March 24, yes. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. That means around 435-440 was the monthly average. 
Mitesh Manek: That's correct. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. So, taking into account the higher utilization, this is going to be the trend, or we will be 
experiencing this to go up on every quarter basis and then from the third quarter, the 550 
number will come into play? 
Mitesh Manek: So as far as the fir st quarter of the financial year is concerned, you will see some rise, of 
course. You will see some rise in the second quarter also and from the third quarter onwards, 
we've already given you the guidance of 250 tons coming out of  Dahej, you know. 
Saket Kapoor: Right. And to reach the optimum level of 675, will at the exit of the current financial year, we 
will be running or for us our business, we run at 885 only? That's right. 
Mitesh Manek: So in another two quarters or so, you will see the Dahej facility running at full steam. 
Saket Kapoor: This  post the third quarter, sir? 
Management: That's right. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay, sir. And I missed your point about the EBITDA margin expansion. Definitely, our 
margins like on a year -on-year basis on the total revenue has gone up by 400 basis points. We 
are likely to add another 400 for this year? I missed your comment there, sir. 
Mitesh Manek: Not necessarily for this year, but we are likely to add another 400 to 500 basis points once we 
have substantial contribution coming out of  Dahej and once we have some contribution 
coming from the new product line, which we spoke about here. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And this product line sir, can you give a differentiation? What are we trying to explain? 
Mitesh Manek: I have already pointed out the end -user industries to you. And as of now, we would not like to 
further indulge more information on or detailing on these products as it is better for our 
investors and the company. 
Management: See, why we are refraining  from doing this is because these are all products where they have 
been developed from grounds up by our own R&D team. All the processes, the entire technical 
know-how is proprietary. 
=== PAGE 15 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Saket Kapoor: As a percentage of sales, what is our R&D expenses? 
Management: Mr. Mitesh, you can please answer this. 
Mitesh Manek: Our R&D expense would come to around 4% -5% of our sales. And I would like to point it out 
to you that we do not belong to a pharmaceutical sector or something like that. So while we 
have a well -defined R&D facility and a lot of things going on, it does not necessarily always 
have to have a huge burden on the company's expenses. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay, but for FY24, we have spent 4% of our revenue as R&D expenses. That is INR12 
crores. 
Mitesh Manek: Yes, or a little less also. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, I will join the queue again. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar from RatnaTraya. Please go 
ahead. 
Pavan Kumar: Sir, I wanted to just ask about the working capital c ycle. So, currently we are working at 
almost like 120 days, if I am right. So do we expect the working capital cycle to remain at the 
current levels? And also, secondly, on the capex side, what incremental capex would be 
required, especially on the Roha si de, for the facility to be fully commissioned once the 
environmental clearances are there from here on? Yes, these are my primary questions here. 
Mitesh Manek: So, as far as the working capital cycle is concerned, I would like to inform you, I'd like to gi ve 
you two figures first. The total bank limit utilization as on 31st March 2023 stood at INR50.50 
crores, which has gone down drastically to INR19.43 crores, as on March 2024. Now, the 
point is that as the business continues to plough back profits and as it continues to generate 
positive cash flow quarter after quarter, of course, the bank limit utilization and working 
capital cycle has to come down, which it is showing from our figures. 
 With regards to your second question about the Roha expansion is con cerned, we expect 
around INR50 crores outflow, INR40 crores to INR50 crores outflow, and which will all be 
done through internal accruals, because we have, we are a cash surplus company and have no 
problems in, on this scale. 
Mihir Manek: One last thing I wanted to check was, if I'm right, somewhere when we were operating, again, 
around the year FY’20 or before, our working capital  days used to be almost like 200 days, 
that kind of level. What has structurally changed to actually bring down those work ing capital  
days? 
Mitesh Manek: The cash flow that we are generating quarter after quarter, which we are, of course, employing 
in business, is the reason why our working capital requirements have come down. I would also 
=== PAGE 16 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
like to point out to you our cu rrent ratio, which in the year 2021 -22 stood at 2.32, which has 
now improved to 4.80. 
 So, as against the current liability base of INR39 crores, we have a current asset base of 
INR187 crores, which shows the strong financial position which the company is maintaining at 
all points in time and improving upon it, as quarters and years go by. Rather, the entire 
expansion also wherein we put in INR70 crores was totally funded by internal  accruals. 
Mihir Manek: No, sir. What I was referring to was, previou sly we used to have issues like having to buy full 
container load worth of raw materials to actually properly function, and because of which our 
inventory requirements were pretty high. But now, when I look at your balance sheet, the 
inventory levels are much lower. So, I was just wondering what has changed there? 
Mitesh Manek: See, what happens is, there are two or three reasons why this has happened. Substitution of 
certain imported raw materials by domestically available raw materials, which comes in muc h 
smaller lot sizes. Some of the naphthalene -based raw materials we have started buying locally 
from India. 
 So, we do not have to import in a very major bulk quantity from outside, and we can have 
smaller transactions with local companies. And also, the t ransit period from world over has 
increased to world over because of the whole Red Sea crisis, etc. So, some substitution of raw 
materials from imported to local, especially naphthalene-based ones, and also our exit from the 
trading business means that som e of the inventory which we are holding for our trading 
business has also all been liquidated. So, it is a two -pronged reason why our stocks have come 
down. 
Mihir Manek: Thank you so much. 
Mitesh Manek: My pleasure. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ranvir from Nuvama Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Ranvir: Thanks for follow -up. The question related to that trading business, you commented that 
trading business has significantly reduced, and that business is because that was the stock 
which we were carrying and wanted to clear. So, in FY’25, the trading business will be zero? 
Or we still have some products there to sell? 
Mitesh Manek: See, we are estimating the trading business to be zero only as far as FY’24, FY’25 is 
concerned. 
Ranvir:  And the volume number what you gave, that included the trading business also? 
Mitesh Manek:  No, the volumes I’ve spoken of were only for the manufacturing business not of trading. 
=== PAGE 17 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Mihir Manek: That's right. 
Ranvir: Thank you. 
Moderator: Mr. Jain, I have unmuted you. Kindly proceed. 
Jain: Thank you. So, just wanted to understand, what are the FY '25 volumes we are aiming? You 
have indicated from the second half of the year, but collectively for the year, what would be 
the volume compared to 3800 metric ton last year? 
Mitesh Manek: The volume compared to last year would be, the total volume would roughly stand around 
4600-4,800 metric ton for the entire year. 
Jain: All right. And this will include the existing line of products or we are goi ng to see contribution 
from the higher value, higher margin products? Let's speak of the enhancement coming in. 
Mitesh Manek: Some contribution from the high value, high margin products will also be seen in this year. 
Jain: Okay. So, about that, what kind of enhancement we are aiming? You don't have to allude to 
the kind of players, but what kind of enhancement is this going to be compared to what we 
have been making in the last 4, 5 years? 
 I just want to understand the direction that we are going in as a result of the R&D, because all 
this process approval also in the past you have said takes 4 -5 years. So, just wanted to 
understand how our efforts are going to yield going forward. 
Mitesh Manek: So, we have been working on these products for the last 3 -4 years. All of them have already 
been developed on the lab in pilot scales. Most of the approvals are almost in place or we are 
due to receive it any moment.  And we have also started manufacturing and promoting these 
products to several countries worldwide w here we have already started supplies and it will 
only keep increasing. So, we have been on it for quite a lot longer than - it's been close to 4 -5 
years that we have been working on these products. 
Jain: And these new products that we have developed over the last 3 -4 years, say after a couple of 
years, could it account for 10%-15% of our volumes or much more than that? 
Mitesh Manek: Around, we see it at around 15%, it can go higher also. But I would safely say around 15% of 
our total volume. 
Mihir Manek: But in terms of the absolute, see in terms of, Mitesh I am trying to say that in terms of tonnage 
it could be 15% but in terms of revenue it will be much higher. 
Mitesh Manek: Maybe more than 30%. In terms of revenue contribution, yes, not in terms of tonna ge because 
these are low volume, high value, high margin products. 
=== PAGE 18 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Jain: I understand. So, of course, that would be perhaps 20%, 25% of the revenue also. That is also 
possible, right? 
Mihir Manek: Possibly even higher, yes. 
Jain: Also about the order book that you were saying, it's quite encouraging that we have these 
approvals, and the pipeline is strong. Is it possible to give us some color as to how this order 
book is placed? I mean, we already have executable visibility going into FY '26.  Is that what 
you were indicating? 
Mitesh Manek: Yes, absolutely. 
Jain: At the full installed rated capacity, that's what you are saying? 
Mitesh Manek: Yes. 
Jain: Okay. And lastly, these approvals that we have got, is it from new client additions on the 
international sid e? And I am hoping some domestic ones as well? Or is it only that we are 
increasing wallet share from existing clients?  If you could give some color on what these key 
logos are going to be, whether it is pet care or pharma or F&B. However, you can add valu e to 
this point. 
Mitesh Manek: We are pocketing several high-profile clients world over in territories where we might be 
present, but to those who we have not been supplying so far. So, it's not only the existing client 
base, we are taking in a lot of new large multinational corporations and other such clients. But 
a lot of this growth that is envisaged will be from the export side.  Of course, we will continue 
to grow our local market also, but most of the push we are seeing from the export side. 
Jain: Okay. And any further licenses, approvals, compliance requirements that we need for pushing 
our products in regulated markets or to top MNCs or we already have it all? 
Mihir Manek:  Let me elaborate on this for a moment. See, we already have approvals from U.S. FDA. And in 
addition to this, we follow various quality systems like ISO 9001 : 22000. We are GFSI 
compliant. So, that's to show we have approvals from other various FDAs like the Korean, 
Iranian. So, even the individual Thai FDA. 
 So, as far as the regul atory part is concerned, let me assure all of you all that Vidhi's Hallmark 
is its quality and its readiness to be the first one in the industry to adopt newer quality 
standards. In fact, Vidhi was the first company in the whole of India, the first food co lour 
company to adopt ISO 9001 in the year 1998. So, that has always been our endeavour. 
Jain: Excellent. And my last question is on our innovation. I am seeing that even new companies are 
developing and launching products in medical  inks or in use of heat transfer products or for 
=== PAGE 19 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
use in semiconductors.  So, do we also have our products which will be applicable to these 
areas? 
Mihir Manek: We have our products which are like even the cosmetic industry we spoke about. It's a $60 
billion industry globa lly and growing. So, and possibly the fastest growing industry in all 
developing markets because as disposable incomes increase, women get more money to spend.  
The highest spend is on cosmetics. And as more and more women are going out with all the 
social media and everything. So, the use of cosmetics is blowing up like the growth is crazy in 
those sectors. 
 Personal health care and hygiene is something where there is explosive growth. Small people 
eating out, working, they don't have time to cook at home. So, all these are high growth 
sectors. In India, going ahead, we see a quantum jump in demand of our products. 
Jain: That's on the cosmetic side is perhaps appears that we have an outside share which will only 
grow. But I was just asking of these new areas where small companies are launching products? 
Mihir Manek: Semiconductors and all is not where you would use food grade colors or such kind of colors. 
So, you are talking about two totally different. Now, how can you find use of our colors in the 
solar industry or the semiconductor industry? 
Jain: Or medical inks or those kind of things, yes. 
Mihir Manek: So, we are already, like Mr. Mitesh already elaborated, we are already developing products 
which are used in some specialty inks. So, we can't give you the exact application because then 
it creates – like we again told you that all of this is proprietary products. So, we can't go much 
very specifically we can't talk about these products.  But we have given you a very clear and 
broad idea about where these products are used and where they find application. 
Jain: I appreciate the color you provided and just a small suggestion is perhaps sometime this year 
or by the end of this year, if it's possible to give the contribution coming in across segments, 
whether it is cosmetics, F&B, pet care, so on and so forth, it would give us even more depth of 
understanding if you can consider that. 
Mihir Manek: We have noted this. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is f rom the 
line of Suhrid Deorah from Paladin Capital. Please go ahead. 
Suhrid Deorah: I just wanted to clarify a couple of numbers. Firstly, I think you mentioned FY '24 tonnage was 
3,800. Is that correct? 
Mitesh Manek: Yes, that's right. 
=== PAGE 20 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Suhrid Deorah: So, with that number, your approximate realization per kilo works out to about INR800. But I 
was also trying to reconcile this number with what you were saying for the new Dahej plant. 
And I think you mentioned 350 tons a month and a maximum realization of INR 300 crores. 
So, that works out to a per kilo realization of about INR700. So, there seems to be a disconnect 
because of historical numbers…? 
Mitesh Manek: I'll tell you one thing. What happens is that some of the newer products which we have 
introduced and which we are also going to introduce will all be made in Roha. They will not be 
made in Dahej. Which is why the per kilo contribution of products from Dahej may not be able 
to scale further. When you look at Roha that is where the increase in per kilo rev enue 
realization will come. 
Suhrid Deorah: So, I think it's fair to assume that the blended realization per kilo will start moving northwards 
of 800. 
Mitesh Manek: As far as realization per kilo is concerned, let's not take it in Roha and Dahej terms. Let' s keep 
it on a blended term. 
Suhrid Deorah: Understood. The second question I have is that I think there was a comment made that the 
tonnage expected for FY '25 is about 4,500-4,800 tons. Is that correct? 
Mitesh Manek: Yes, around 4,500-4,800 is the expected tonnage. 
Suhrid Deorah: Are you guys being conservative because you're already at a run rate of 440 per month, if I'm 
not mistaken? 
Mitesh Manek: To some extent, we are being conservative. This figure can only improve as Dahej continues to 
produce more and more quantity per month. So, this is a bare minimum.  You can take 4,800, 
5,000 tons as a bare minimum, what we are looking at as far as '24, '25 is concerned. 
Suhrid Deorah: Yes, I mean you're already at a 5,500 ton run rate. I would expect it to be ev en higher as you 
mentioned Q3 will be the inflection point? 
Mitesh Manek: No, we are not at a 5,500 ton run rate, my dear. We are at 300 -320 tons in Roha plus Dahej is 
expected to contribute 250 tons per month only from the third quarter of the year. So, t he first 
two quarters, Dahej would not be contributing 250 tons. So, only when that happens… 
Suhrid Deorah: Okay, I think I just want to say, maybe I extracted it from a comment made by a previous 
participant who said that you all did 1,200 to 1,300 tons roughly in Q4. 
Mitesh Manek: Yes, we did turn around close to 1,200 -1,300 tons for Q4. And there was a lot of bought out 
colors as well which we will be substituting with our Dahej production. So, in all, 5,000 is the 
minimum that we are looking at. 
=== PAGE 21 ===
  Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited 
  June 12, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Mihir Manek: 5,000-5,500, yes. 
Mitesh Manek: Yes, 5,000 - 5,500 is realistic, which we would like to outperform. 
Suhrid Deorah: And by the end of next year, end of FY '25, you will be at the run rate of full utilization which 
is close to 650 tons per month across all plants? 
Mitesh Manek: 675  tons per month. 
Moderator: Thank you. As that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Mihir Manek for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Mihir Manek: Thank you. So, thank yo u so much everybody for joining us. I hope we have been able to 
answer all your questions.  In case you have any further questions or queries, you may please 
contact the Orient Capital team who are our investment relation partners. Thank you so much 
for being a part of the Vidhi Specialty Food Ingredients Limited earnings call and I wish you 
all well. 
Moderator: Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Vidhi Specialty 
Food Ingredients Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 