[[page 1]]
 
 
18th August, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C/1, G Block, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400051. 
BSE Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda 
Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400001. 
Symbol: BALRAMCHIN Scrip Code: 500038 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call held on 12th August, 2026.  
 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website at the following web page: 
 
 https://chini.com/investors/concall-transcript/ 
 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully 
For Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
 
 
Manoj Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: A/a 
[[page 2]]
 
 
 Page 1 of 12  
Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Balrampur Chini Mills Limited’s 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
management's opening remarks. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Jenny Rose from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Jenny Rose: Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on Balrampur Chini Mills’ Q1 
FY27 Results Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. Vivek Saraogi, Chairman 
& Managing Director of Balrampur Chini Mills; Ms. Avantika Saraogi, Executive 
Director; and Mr. Pramod Patwari, Chief Financial Officer of the Company.  
We would now like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the 
management, following which we will have the forum open for the question and 
answer session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Saraogi to make his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Vivek Saraogi: Thank you  Jenny. G ood afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Balrampur Chini Mill’s Q1 FY27 earnings conference call . I trust all of you have had 
the opportunity to go through our results, providing details of our operational and 
financial performance. So, I will just go through the highlights.  
The season 2025-26 has turned out to be tighter than anticipated, with lower than 
expected production, healthy domestic consumption and diversion towards ethanol 
resulting in a drawdown to inventory.  
This tighter demand-supply balance has led to firming up of domestic sugar prices, 
providing relief to millers and helping offset higher sugarcane costs and other costs 
& margin pressures in terms of distillery, especially. 

[[page 3]]
 Page 2 of 12  
Looking ahead to the 2026-27 sugar season, it is too early to take a definitive view 
on production. The progress of monsoon, crop development and yields across key 
producing states, we will get clarity over the next few months. The first meaningful 
clarity is expected around the end of September.  
In this environment, maintaining the right balance between sugar availability, ethanol 
diversion will be important for stable prices and healthy industry economics.  
Turning to our performance , Balrampur Chini has commenced FY27 on a stable 
note, with revenues improving across the Sugar and Distillery segments, supported 
by higher sugar realizations and distillery volumes. Sugarcane crushing and 
production increased on improved cane availability, while cane development and 
varietal balancing remains our key focus area. Higher sugar realizations also 
provided support against increased cane costs during the quarter. 
As most of you are aware, the first quarter is an off -season for sugar production . 
Profitability during the quarter is therefore influenced by the carrying cost and 
realization of sugar inventory from the previous crushing season, with largely no 
production during the quarter. There may be some production in April; This impacts 
the quarterly performance, and this is going to be relevant every quarter. So, as we 
know, sugar has quarter -wise dynamics to it. The first quarter is as described. The 
second quarter is absolutely without production. In the third quarter, production is 
there partially, while the fourth quarter has the entire production.  As of June 30, the 
Company was carrying sugar inventory of 45.67 lakh quintals at an average carrying 
cost of INR 37.19 per kg. With sugar prices remaining firm, this inventory provides a 
favourable base for profitability in the upcoming quarters. 
On our strategic initiatives, the 80,000-tonnes PLA plant, continues to progress well 
and remains on track. We will talk about the commissioning date. Construction 
activities are in full flow with civil equipment, arrivals, erections, all going on. We have 
spent about INR 2,180 crore by the end of July. Alongside project execution, we have 
made encouraging progress on product development, customer trials, and market 
engagement.  
To conclude, our integrated business model has enabled us to navigate changing 
industry dynamics while continuing to focus on maximizing value from every stick of 
cane. As we strengthen our core operations and progress with the PLA project, we 
are building a more diversified  and sustainable growth platform aligned with 
environmental priorities. Backed by our strong financial position and focus on 
efficient capital deployment, we continue to strengthen our operation, enhance 
efficiencies, and create sustainable long-term value.  
[[page 4]]
 Page 3 of 12  
Now, I hand over the floor to Pramod. 
Pramod Patwari: Thank you, and good afternoon everyone. I hope all of you have had the opportunity 
to go through the results presentation that has been shared with you. So , I would 
now request the moderator to open the forum for Q&A session. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question -and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital 
Advisors.  
Sanjay Manyal: Just a few questions on the current situation where the sugar prices have moved up 
to INR 48, INR 49. Now, given the fact that the Government might come out with 
some measures, suppose there is a restriction on B-heavy and juice, similar to what 
they did two years back . What kind of  distillery volumes can you still achieve next 
season? Is it fair to assume that 10 crore litre is possible from C-heavy, and maybe 
another 9 crore litre to 10 crore litre is possible fr om grains, maize or broken rice?  
So, that is my first question. 
Vivek Saraogi: I will try and attempt to answer the entire dynamics which is prevailing. So yes, the 
inventory is tight. Market has assumed the inventory to be tighter and  the numbers 
to be way lower than reality. That is our company's view, having said that, the current 
price correction, if I may say so, or rise, whatever, is reflecting that scenario. So, we 
see with all commodities, probably you have seen with onions and we have seen in 
the past, there can be spikes which is not in people's control. So getting back to 
numbers, and Sanjay's question now, the inventory position is extremely tight. 
Hence, going into next year, though nothing has been done, it is reasonable to 
assume that there will be no diversion allowed towards B and juice. So that is a 
reasonable assumption today , that  is our personal view, again, company's view. 
Keeping that in mind, yes, only C -heavy will be allowed. So we are equipped to do 
that in all our units. Crushing might reduce a bit in some unit, but overall, we keep 
our targets intact. We are reworking our numbers and on Sanjay's question, we will 
get back to you once we rework our numbers. But yes, your C -heavy assumption is 
not too much off the mark. 
Sanjay Manyal: Right, my concern was more around grain, particularly given the availability of grain 
in your catchment area. Because, as I understand, your Maizapur plant is equipped 
to do approximately 10 crore litres from grain? 
Vivek Saraogi: Sanjay, all your assumptions are correct. Now grain has two parts to it. One is broken 
rice, and the other is maize. So, come September-October, we would see, I think, 
the Government very clearly giving the price and creating availability for broken rice 
[[page 5]]
 Page 4 of 12  
as well. You know, broken rice will be taken from the open market, but they will create 
availability by reducing its use in the food basket. We are told that probably 25% is 
being mixed right now in the rice we all eat. That will be reduced to 10%, and hence, 
that 15% will be available in the market. Maize is again, you know, market driven. 
So, we do assume that all your numbers are largely in order. 
Sanjay Manyal:  Right. And Maizapur can make sugar, in the sense, last time, if I can recall it wasn’t 
ready? 
Vivek Saraogi:  Yes, now it is ready. We had planned for this anyway. 
Sanjay Manyal:  Though I know it, my second question is on the prices, I know it is difficult to sort of 
figure out the usual, what could be the average  price for next one year or so, given 
the fact that there is so much of volatility in the production.  Is it also sort of fair to 
assume the crushing will start much  earlier than what we used to do? If that 
happened, then can there be a recovery loss and that probably might impact the full-
year production for the industry as a whole? 
Vivek Saraogi:  Okay. So, if we see the entire program and the entire scenario, assume you start 
early, you will be able to sell at a much higher price than you would be able to sell 
probably later on, let us say. So, the price trajectory has moved upwards because of 
that tight inventory. The pain, the loss, or whatever perceived loss from the distillery 
section, which will come to every company, will be answered by an increase in sugar 
price. There may be cane price increase, yes.  So, you are seeing some positives, 
some negatives. There will be some cost pressure, there will be some realization 
gain. It is impossible to quantify that today. Having said that, the sugar price is the 
biggest delta in a company like ours or in any company. If there is a delta upwards 
on the sugar price, which I am sure of it, so the average has moved up. As you see, 
the base has moved up and firmly, sustainably so. So we know the sugar price base 
has moved up. All our assumptions, as I said, when we know. We know cane price 
might go up. We know distillery may be banned from making B -heavy or juice. 
Keeping all these variables together on a single page and trying to work out numbers, 
I am not thinking that we will end up very negative in this calculation. 
Sanjay Manyal:  Right. Basically what I could understand, the benefit of higher sugar price will be 
much more than all the negatives which probably will come with it? 
Vivek Saraogi:  Maybe not much more, but yes, it could be more. 
Sanjay Manyal:  Okay, right, sir. My last maybe if you allow me, a question on PLA, what is the status 
of the PLA project? And in the first year what kind of an utilization we are expecting? 
[[page 6]]
 Page 5 of 12  
Probably now we are very close to the project commissioning. I am sure we would 
have some bit of a target or some bit of an idea about what kind of utilization in the 
first year itself can happen. 
Vivek Saraogi:  So, Sanjay, as far as commissioning goes, it looks, you know, lactic we should be 
able to commission in October and PLA in December. And how the production, 
quality, timing and quantity play out, we are very clear that it will play out. We do not 
know, as I said, it is a new business, and one does not know anything. 
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Pankaj Tibrewal from Ikigai Asset Manager.  
Pankaj Tibrewal:  Just a quick one, recently we saw there was some news on gutka guys being banned 
on using plastics. I believe it is a very big thing for us from a PLA perspective. If you 
can just kind of throw some light on how big that opportunity could be and what is 
the current regime and how is the discussion with those guys going on, it will be quite 
helpful. I will follow up with the second question, as to what is the kind of opportunity 
you see here? 
Avantika Saraogi:  Thank you for the question. So yes, there is definitely movement happening in more 
sustainable packaging for pan masala, gutka, and we are pretty much in the thick of 
it. This is still a dynamic agenda, while we have had very good, successful technical 
trials. I think we will see the results unfold in the next two -three months. This is the 
best I can tell you today. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: Can this kind of a change, if it moves in the right direction, absorb our entire capacity? 
Is it that large an opportunity? 
Avantika Saraogi:  Largely, it could. 
Vivek Saraogi:  So, Pankaj, I think we are being defensive , and let me just put it in my way. The 
mandate is at a good  advanced stage. There have been trials which have been 
positive at the  consumers end as well . The opportunity is large. It will all scale up  
and become larger. Why would it not spread to other snacks? I do not know. So the 
opportunity is very large. It has to play out. The beginning and the first round should 
define and give us a better idea of the terrain when we enter. 
Pankaj Tibrewal:  Fantastic. Just a medium-term question, everybody is focused on next 3 months, 6 
months, commissioning, capacity utilization. But if we take a slightly medium -term 
outlook for the company as a whole, can you give us that this INR 3,000 to INR 3,200 
crore capex, can it create a parallel Balrampur which we have seen today?  Just is 
that the right thought or right direction, provided certain things start stitching together 
[[page 7]]
 Page 6 of 12  
in terms of product lines on PLA, a parallel Balrampur can be created? Any thoughts 
on that? 
Avantika Saraogi:  If I have to answer it very blatantly, definitely yes. I think we could. I just want to 
address little bit what we expect within this financial year. So, we expect that from 
January to March we will have quality production which will be sold.  The 
quantification of it would be little bit difficult to give today, but a safe expectation 
maybe around 40% on average capacity utilization we should be able to achieve. It 
should be better than that, but this is assuming that things go as per plan and that is 
our target. Actually target is higher, but that should be easily achievable. That 
guidance is something that I am giving. 
Vivek Saraogi:  So, Pankaj, again trying to answer it very clearly, if things go right, definitely. And I 
have no reason to believe, or we have no reason to believe, with the evidence 
gathered in the journey till date, that this cannot be a reality. This is, however, our 
first attempt, so as you said, some patience and some tolerance, which you have 
outlined in your question itself. 
Pankaj Tibrewal:  Yes. So that is quite good and wish you all the best. I think we are embarking on a 
very different journey of creating what is our next growth lever for Balrampur could 
be. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Vivek Saraogi:  Something great for the country, maybe. 
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital.  
Prashant Biyani:  Sir, given the current scenario of below normal rainfall in many parts of India, how 
would be the cane crop quality in your command area in comparison to generally 
how the quality has been in yesteryears? 
Vivek Saraogi:  For Balrampur, the rainfall witnessed till date, which is as we speak, has been 
absolutely ideal for cane. And there is no El Niño in our area, because a little less 
rainfall in East UP improves the recovery only. So we are positively inclined for our 
crop till now.  This El Niño is a bigger paper scare , at least for the cane crop , than 
reality. Even Maharashtra dams, reservoirs, maybe some parts of Karnataka , some 
parts, but the rest is much better than media is making it out to be. Again, personal 
view, all to be vetted in September. 
Prashant Biyani:  Sure. Sir, on PLA, we have told historically that we would be targeting areas where 
the cost of PLA would be least in terms of total product cost. So, on the business 
development slide, we have mentioned about, garbage packages , bags or lunch 
[[page 8]]
 Page 7 of 12  
boxes and others, but how is the business development going on in the product 
segments where PLA cost would be least in terms of total product cost? 
Avantika Saraogi: First of all, the items you are mentioning are banned in plastic. That is definitely why 
PLA and compounds of PLA work , this has been happening even since before we 
announced any capacity. Straws, largely of all organized players are made out of 
PLA. Garbage bags have a percentage of PLA as a compound. You know, there are 
many, carry bags etc also. So, in that place, we are quite successful. Other than that, 
this flexible packaging is a fraction of a cost of the finished product.  Especially, as 
mentioned, in the pan masala and gutka category, where other material prices such 
as aluminium, etc., are going up significantly, PLA actually becomes very viable. We 
are cost-wise quite competitive now, so we do not see cost being much of a barrier. 
Definitely, for banned goods, their cost is not that  much of a barrier either. We are 
progressing very well. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Asian Market Securities.  
Shailesh Kanani: I had few queries. First, with respect to the recent FSSAI recent notification, so you 
have answered it in a partial manner, but I wanted to know are there any other 
primary material alternatives to the pan masala industry apart from PLA to your 
mind? Because even that opportunity can be very big. If you can kind of throw some 
light on that. 
Avantika Saraogi: Yes, good question. Definitely, PLA is one of the primary materials. Without PLA, to 
some extent or in some percentage, it would be difficult to exist without it . An 
alternate primary would definitely be paper and that would exist probably along with 
PLA, but it cannot exist alone. That is the thing. So, it is either PLA in whole or PLA 
in some percentage, but PLA would be required considering the requirements of the 
packaging. 
Shailesh Kanani: That is very encouraging for us considering the tonnage. If you can just give some 
numbers here, what can be the tonnage consumption, and what could be the 
potential addressable here? 
Avantika Saraogi: Actually, to finding reliable, organised data is unfortunately difficult, as we have not 
been able to find verified data on this. However, we see it as a very large market. I 
cannot put a number to it because it is not verifiable. If you have any verified 
numbers, I would actually like to get them from you instead. 
[[page 9]]
 Page 8 of 12  
Shailesh Kanani: Yes, because I also have tried to search it, because there are multiple organized and 
unorganized players as well over here . That is the reason I thought maybe you will 
have some more color on that. 
Avantika Saraogi: To be able to say it with precision, I cannot throw a number. It would be irresponsible, 
but it is large, let us put it that way. 
Shailesh Kanani: Yes. It is quite large. Thanks for answering that, Avantika. My second question was 
with respect to our distillery segment. This quarter , the margins have been quite 
resilient, right? Especially, what key factors has helped that, because there has been 
a sharp rise in transfer pricing, right? Considering that, more than 80% of sales have 
come through sugarcane as a feedstock . What were the reasons  and what worked 
in terms of margins, and are these margins sustainable? 
Pramod Patwari: So, Shailesh, margin will vary on a quarter -to-quarter basis, depending upon what 
feedstock we are using for distillation. In the quarter gone by, it was largely B-heavy 
and the maize-based ethanol. There was hardly any sale on account of juice -based 
ethanol. That is the reason margins are at a good level. 
Shailesh Kanani: What I was trying to understand is that the transfer pricing has gone up  on a year-
on-year basis, right? There is a good 20% jump in terms of transfer pricing, and more 
than 80% has come through the sugarcane route. So I was wondering if something 
has happened. Just wanted to understand the margin perspective over here. 
Pramod Patwari: Shailesh, this quarter being a seasonally weak quarter, whatever expenditure we 
incur in the Maizapur distillery, that was retained in the sugar division itself because 
we have intention to run on sugar, not on juice-based. Otherwise, it would have been 
transferred to distillery division. 
Vivek Saraogi: So apples to apples, this may not look comparable is what we are saying. 
Pramod Patwari: Yes. 
Vivek Saraogi: Right. That is your query answered then. 
Shailesh Kanani: Okay. Just to conclude on this, margins might come down for the distillery division if 
we kind of continue on sugarcane for the ensuing quarter, is that the right 
assumption? 
Vivek Saraogi: One will take away, one will give. Let me probably explain a little better. If you do not 
make B-heavy, you will not lose sugar. You will make more sugar. Because what is 
B-heavy? Sugar is converted into ethanol, sugar  (having starch). So you will make 
[[page 10]]
 Page 9 of 12  
more sugar, if you make more sugar, you will make more money on sugar sales in 
both quantity and price. As I attempted to explain in the beginning, this will be in our 
calculation, positive net-net, that is what it looks like. 
Shailesh Kanani: Fair enough, sir. Thanks a lot. Just last question from my side. You have also 
answered this a little bit, but if you can give some color in terms for us to build in 
ethanol volumes, in terms of mix as well , for FY28. It would be helpful considering 
there are too many moving parts. 
Vivek Saraogi: Shailesh, first let the Government policy come. Once it comes, we will have some 
more idea. Sanjay Manyal did post a nice number in the beginning. We had not done 
the numbers in detail because this news has been floating around only for the last 
one or two days. What he says looks like it is accurate. 
Shailesh Kanani: Okay. Fair enough, that is helpful. Any number we are working with in terms of SAP 
hike, considering the sugar prices and in general, we are entering into state elections 
next year? 
Vivek Saraogi: As you know, earlier I would have thought that if prices remain benign, the hike may 
not have happened. But in all probability , now definitely there will be some hike. As 
I said in the beginning, I am assuming sugarcane price hike, I am assuming ban on 
diversion, built-in some numbers for sugar realization. At the end of the day, the debit 
and credit, net we should come out as a winner. That is what I said in terms of 
numbers. That is our best guess right now. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from Phillip  Capital India 
Private Limited.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: Just to cross -check, is there any change from the earlier quarter in what you have 
given as the closing, consumption and production for this year? Is there any material 
change? Because I am getting different numbers from different sources, so I just 
wanted to know what our numbers are. I wanted the sugar balance sheet  numbers 
for the country for 2025-26. What are our estimates for production, consumption, and 
closing stocks? 
Vivek Saraogi: No, I will not hazard a guess today. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: For this year, 2026. 
Vivek Saraogi: 2026 also, I do not want to say because there is so much of confusion going around. 
ISMA is putting a particular number, Government is saying something, market 
players are saying something . No point attempting. All I said , and I maintain , the 
[[page 11]]
 Page 10 of 12  
market has moved prices to the current level assuming a number which is probably 
lower than reality. I am just giving a figure, assume market is thinking closing stock 
is 30 lakh tonnes, it will be 35 lakh tonnes. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Got it. Because I was wondering we are close to the season and still there is a 
variation of almost as high as 2 million in the closing stock from different sources. 
Vivek Saraogi: No, 2 million is all crap, nonsense. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: No, from the lower side of number to higher side of closing number . So it’s the 
difference between higher and lower. 
Vivek Saraogi: 2 million is not possible. That is all I can say. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Just on our company, obviously, we have seen good improvement in cane crushing, 
despite challenges being there in most of the states. How much incremental benefit 
can we see in terms of cane area ? O bviously, there are yield and other varietal 
benefits, but at least in terms of cane sowing area, how is the situation for 2027 
compared to last year? 
Avantika Saraogi: We have had a good sowing season. We do not see any problem s. We can’t speak 
for the whole country, but for our Company we have had a good sowing season. 
Vivek Saraogi: Yes, but the area may be kind of flat, but the yield looks much better. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Okay. Any comment on international demand-supply situation? 
Vivek Saraogi: No. The narrative, as you understand in the stock market, keeps moving.  El Niño, 
the media, all the narratives keep moving in one direction. So, it is not as alarming 
as people are making it out to be. But yes, the situation is a little tight . So, if it is 10 
units tight, people are thinking it is 20 units tight, but it is tight. But let us not overplay 
the hand, like you said, 2 million, this is the kind of rumor -mongering which creates 
excessive speculation. I am not blaming you, I am saying this is how people are 
playing it. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Got it, I was just trying to get your views on Brazil production or how international 
output looks like? 
Vivek Saraogi: Pramod, you want to answer that, international Brazil, Thailand. 
Pramod Patwari: Brazil is expected to be at around 40 million tons. As of now, ethanol is more 
profitable in Brazil, so the diversion towards sugar will be on a lower side. EU, we 
[[page 12]]
 Page 11 of 12  
are seeing some contraction in the sugar production. Overall, there may be a deficit 
of 1 to 2 million tonnes, but it is too early to give any number as of now. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Tanuj Nangalia from SKP Securities Limited.  
Tanuj Nangalia: Sir, wanted to understand that this tight closing stock , when will it be normalized ? 
Thinking about the sugar realization, the higher sugar realization can continue for 
more than a year or so, maybe not 46 levels, but at least 43 levels . When can we 
see the stock of around 5 million tonnes? How long will it take to normalize? 
Vivek Saraogi: Okay, let me answer  that. Probably in one year, because if they do not allow 
diversion next year , and assume the gross production is 31 million  tonnes, 
consumption is 29 million tonnes and 3-odd million tonnes is the closing stock. Give 
or take 5 lakhs tonnes here and there, 5 lakhs tonnes on the upward side . Even if 
consumption is to move a little, 45 to 50  lakh tonnes, you could see on 1st October 
2027. Having said that, probably the levels of prices you said, I am looking north of 
that in the upcoming years. 
Tanuj Nangalia: One more question on the PLA side. Like in the news today , that pan masala 
packaging should be free from plastic and synthetic polymers, would PLA qualify for 
that? 
Avantika Saraogi: This is something which is in a bit of a dynamic stage. Yes and no is the answer, 
which is what we are getting clarification on. 
Vivek Saraogi: But yes, just wait for a bit, everything will be clarified. 
Avantika Saraogi: Just wait for a short while. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Divyansh Thakur from Fintrest Capital. 
Divyansh Thakur: I just wanted to ask about what you mentioned regarding the 40% minimum capacity 
utilisation. If we are starting from January, what kind of capacity utilisation are we 
looking at, not just in the short term, but in the medium term? And what all things are 
lined up, and what policies are there? I just wanted to get some information on that. 
Vivek Saraogi: Again, let me attempt. This is something new for us. Is this a global first? No. Do we 
have the best technology suppliers? Yes. We have run distillery business. So one is 
a little more sure than probably a n absolute newcomer. Having said that, we are a 
bit of a newcomer. Again, I say, if you I am not pushed by a quarter, why not 100% 
capacity utilization. But it will take some time. So, it is impossible to do this quarter 
numbers on this business, before it is even begun.  The macro, and I think Pankaj 
[[page 13]]
 Page 12 of 12  
Tibrewal put it very well. If we do not see 3 to 6 months at best, one should feel that 
it is going to be very positively inclined. We will get the quality, we will get the market, 
is our view. So do not attempt, please, and this is a humble request, do not please 
attempt to put quarter one on it, at least. 
Divyansh Thakur: No, absolutely. I am not taking a short-term view, I am thinking mid to long-term view. 
Vivek Saraogi: Mid to long term 100%, why not. 
Divyansh Thakur: Just to get your view on the mid to long term, I understand that we are new to this 
business, but we would have had discussions in the internal meetings . How do we 
see it panning out, is everything inclined towards us? 
Vivek Saraogi: As I did say, internally all evidence gathered till now is all looking positive, both on 
the marketing front and on the production front. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the 
participants, I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. 
Vivek Saraogi: Thank you. Just one more request, let us not fall prey to rumours, and let us all keep 
a calm mind. We remain positively inclined and would request a little bit of patience 
on the PLA business. On sugar, as I have told you, we remain positive and look 
forward with confidence. Thank you, and if anyone has any further questions, please 
feel free to contact us. Thank you very much. 
Pramod Patwari: Thank you so much. 
Avantika Saraogi: Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 