[[page 1]]
 
 
  
 
 
Dated : 19 th  January 2026 
 
The Naonal Stock Exchange of India Limited    The BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G      PhirozeJeejeebhoy  Towers 
BandraKurla Complex,       Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra (E),        Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Subject: Conference call Transcript– Q39M FY26 held on 13th  January 2026 
  
Dear Sir, 
 
This is with reference to the above caponed subjec t and in compliance with Regulaon 30 read with Par t A of 
Schedule III of the SEBI (Lisng Obligaons and Disclosure Requirements) Regulaons, 2015, a=ached herewith the 
conference call transcript w.r .t. conference call held with Investors on 13 th  January 2026 to discuss the ﬁnancial 
performance of the company for the 3rd  quarter and Nine Months ended on December 31, 2025. 
 
 
Kindly take the aforesaid informaon on record and acknowledge 
 
 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully     
for Globus Spirits Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
 
Santosh Kumar Pa*anayak 
Company Secretary 
ACS-18721 
[[page 2]]
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Globus Spirits Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
                 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHEKHAR SWARUP – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – GLOBUS SPIRITS LIMITED 
 MR. PARAMJIT SINGH GILL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, CONSUMER DIVISION – GLOBUS SPIRITS 
LIMITED 
 MR. NILANJAN SARKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– GLOBUS SPIRITS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. SUYASH SAMANT – STELLAR INVESTOR 
RELATIONS ADVISORS 
 

[[page 3]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Globus Spirits Limited Q3 and 9M FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing s tar then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suyash Samant from Stellar Investor Relations Advisors. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Samant. 
Suyash Samant: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have with us 
today the senior management team of Globus Spirits Limited, Mr. Shekhar Swarup, Joint 
Managing Director; Mr. Paramjit Singh Gill, CEO of Consumer Division; and Mr. Nil anjan 
Sarkar, Chief Financial Officer, who will represent Globus Spirits Limited on the call. 
The management will be sharing the key operating and financial highlights for the quarter and 9 
months ended 31st December 2025, followed by a question-and-answer session.  
Please note this call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely 
based upon the company's beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. These statements are 
not a guarantee of the company's future performance and involve unf oreseen risks and 
uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update any forward -looking 
statements to reflect developments that occur after the statement is made. The call will be limited 
to 1 hour. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Shekhar Swarup. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Shekhar Swarup: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the Q3 9 months  earnings call. Param and 
Nilanjan are also with me.  Building on our earlier communications, we would like to reiterate 
our approach. Over the last few quarters, the company has transformed into an innovative and 
growing brand-led company backed by a robust manufacturing backbone. 
We continue to build and strengthen the company to ensure consistent growth of our consumer 
business in the years to come. To this end, the Board had passed a resolution for a fund raise, 
which is an enabling resolution. We have a 1 -year timeframe for the resolution and basis the 
requirement of the company and the right investor set, we will evaluate our options. 
These actions provide us ability to finance the business, create innovative and world-class brands 
and ensure industry-leading margins. I will ask Param to walk you through the developments of 
the consumer business in detail shortly. 
Coming to our manufacturing business, which provides -- besides providing us a stable supply 
and innovation platform, the manufacturing business also ensures high capacity utilization of 
assets, thereby reducing cost of production for the consumer business. 
[[page 4]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
In the quarter gone by, we have consumed around 15 million liters of ENA and sold 52.25 
million liters of ENA and ethanol, driving capacity utilization of 86% in the quarter gone by, 
which marginally exceeds our guidance of 80% to 85%. 
The bulk sales business, the manufacturing business generated a margin of INR7.5 per liter in 
the quarter, EBITDA margin of INR7.5 per liter in the quarter  and an EBITDA margin of 
INR5.76 per liter in the 9-month period. This is in line with our guidance of INR5 to INR7 per 
liter for the year. 
We're expecting capitalization of our UP assets worth around INR200 crores in Q4, which will 
add a capacity of 100,000 liters per day of grain ENA production. The facility is also compatible 
to used molasses. This capacity will help further improve our mar gins of R&O and P&A 
portfolio in Uttar Pradesh. Over to you, Param. 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Thank you, Shekhar, and good afternoon, everyone. Coming to consumer business. For Q3 FY 
'26, Prestige & Above reported a volume growth of 37% year -on-year and revenue growth of 
32% year-on-year, excluding Delhi. 
Coming to Delhi. In Q2, we had mentioned that Delhi had certain issues. These issues have since 
been resolved during Q3 and volumes have already started normalizing, and we totally get into 
a normal stream by end of Q4. 
As you will recall, Delhi is one of the first 3 states where our consumer business had started, and 
hence, the impact on our overall business has been a little more than normal. We are confident 
of 50% volume growth in the P&A segment in Q4 FY '26, bringing us back on track. 
As we keep growing in geographies, the share of business of a single state reduces significantly, 
and therefore, our overall stability keeps improving. On new states, early reports from Assam, 
where we launched our 2 key brands, Mountain Oak as well as Bro thers are encouraging as we 
continue to expand our presence there towards improving our presence in the overall Northeast 
region with Assam being the key anchor. Jharkhand will be the next state where we plan to enter 
by the end of Q4. We expect overall P&A to grow in the zone of about 50% in this quarter. 
Coming to R&O. Rajasthan recorded a volume growth of 2% year-on-year and revenue growth 
of 3% year-on-year, in line with industry. UP has shown accelerated growth in Q3 with sale in 
December, reaching the 1 lakh case mark. Overall, R&O segment volumes had flat growth year-
on-year and revenue growth of 1% year-on-year. 
In Delhi, the excise policy of '24 -'25 ended in September '25, and since then, a new policy is 
awaited. In West Bengal, the company had decided to shift the bottling location and that shift is 
already underway. This shift has been necessitated due to high labor costs in the previous setup, 
and we expect our overall R&O growth to remain in mid-single digits in Q4. 
With that, I request the moderator to open the forum for Q&A. Thank you. 
[[page 5]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Avinash Roy with Nuvama. 
Avinash Roy: My first question is on gross margin. As a company overall, I see around 150 bps quarter -on-
quarter expansion, 500 bps Y -o-Y. Any one -offs here? And from a near -term perspective, for 
Q4, how do you expect overall gross margins? You also said that you expect 50% growth in 
P&A for the quarter. So if you could clarify, is this for Q4, 50% kind of growth expectation for 
the P&A? 
Shekhar Swarup: Thanks for the question, Avinash. The expansion in gross margins are for two reasons. One is a 
lower cost of raw material in Q3, which is in line with what we had expected, given the structural 
change in the raw material scenario in the country that transpired even in Q3. So that story is 
really playing out -- it continues to play out and will remain this way. 
The other reason is as our P&A business grows, in fact, even as our R&O business continues to 
grow, overall gross margins will rise. So all of this is a structural improvement and not one-offs. 
Param, over to you for Q4 P&A growth. 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Yes. So yes, your point, Avinash, was correct that we are projecting a 50% volume growth in 
P&A consumer business. And our margins in the consumer business, as we have indicated, are 
already in the zone of about 40-odd percent, and we do not expect any significant change, as we 
continue our growth path. 
Avinash Roy: Understood. My last question is on UP market. You entered a few quarters back in terms of the 
R&O. So I wanted to understand when you compare a very large state for you, Rajasthan, where 
you have a very large market share versus a new state like Uttar Prad esh. In terms of gross 
margin, how do those two states compare?  
I understand -- I don't know if I'm right. I understand that UP, the pricing is a bit lower than 
Rajasthan. But in terms of RM cost, also is there a big difference? So some clarity on that. Plus, 
you mentioned that around 1 lakh cases in UP in December, I understand it is India's largest 
market in terms of R&O, 1 lakh cases, how does it measure versus your own internal 
expectations? Any problems, any big wins, any problems you see currently i n UP market in 
terms of that business? 
Paramjit Singh Gill: So in terms of -- if we are looking at comparing R&O margins between Rajasthan and UP, in 
the initial stages, we definitely see UP while the margins on their own being very healthy, but 
they will be marginally less than Rajasthan. Coming to the second part of the question, how do 
we see this 1 lakh cases, we are excited for the pure reason, as you have called out that UP is 
one of the largest markets of almost 1 crores case per month. 
 And our current performance of reaching the 1 lakh case is well in line with our -- I mean, 
journey which we had predicted for ourselves. Very early to start putting it in terms of big wins, 
[[page 6]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
but definitely, it gives us a lot of confidence that the path that we have chosen and the strategy 
that we have implemented is resonating with the outcomes. 
 And further, as our manufacturing unit is coming on -- distillery is coming on stream very, very 
soon, we are very, very confident that this will start as soon as it stabilizes in a couple of weeks, 
it will start improving our margins in UP also. So the growth journey in UP is very, very exciting 
from both point of view, high level of excitement, no big wins. It's too early to start reporting 
big wins on a small base yet. 
Shekhar Swarup: So I just wanted to comment here on the margin in UP. There's going to be an expansion in UP 
margins as soon as the distillery starts. We were expecting to start last month, Avinash, but there 
were some delays with the licensing. We've received our license early January. And now we've 
started the process of commissioning, and we hope to announce commissioning very soon. So 
there will be significant margin expansion now as soon as the distillery starts supplies. And then 
as the business stabilizes, scales up and stabilizes, there will be further growth in margin. 
Avinash Roy: Understood. One clarification here. Once the distillery in UP fully stabilizes, in terms of gross 
margin, so my question was not for EBITDA margin because EBITDA margin, obviously, for a 
new business is not the right metric to look at in the initial part of the cycle.  
My question was more once the distillery in UP is up and running, then is there a big gap in 
terms of Rajasthan gross margin and UP gross margin? You did say that the difference is not 
big, but once distillery starts... 
Shekhar Swarup: Not very big. 
Avinash Roy: Thanks. That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Himanshu Shah with Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Himanshu Shah: Thanks a lot for the opportunity. A couple  of questions. First, on the manufacturing business, 
how much has been the correction in the raw material prices maybe on a Y-o-Y or Q-o-Q basis, 
if you can highlight, both in broken rice as well as maize, number one.  
And secondly, has the entire benefit got factored in current quarter? Or we should see some 
flow-through impact through higher spread even in the upcoming quarters? 
Shekhar Swarup: So Nilanjan, you could please pull out the change in raw material price Y -o-Y, Q -o-Q. 
Meanwhile, I'll talk about the trend. So , the significant reduction in raw material prices started 
taking place towards mid -November, which is in line with seasonality. Every year, we see 
around November and essentially after Dussehra, we start seeing correction in raw material 
prices.  
[[page 7]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
This lasts till about end -- so Q3 and early Q4 is usually very good for margins. And that's the 
trend that's playing out even now. Nilanjan, do you have the Q-on-Q and Y-o-Y numbers? 
Nilanjan Sarkar: Yes. The Q-on-Q reduction has been 4% and Y-o-Y reduction, 15%. 
Himanshu Shah: Okay. And so sir, Shekhar, just a follow-up. So we should see some more flow-through benefit 
because this price reduction has happened from mid of November. So full benefit should come 
in Q4, and we should see some further healthy margin improvement for Q4, too. Fair to assume 
that? 
Shekhar Swarup: No. So February and March prices will start firming up again. Overall, for the financial year, the 
margins will be around INR6 to INR7. In fact, it should be around INR7 a liter. Strategically, 
INR5 to INR7 is our guidance, and that is what we will continue to maintain. 
Himanshu Shah: Fair. Secondly, on UP capex, you mentioned is INR200 crores. In presentation, we were seeing 
UP capex as to INR120 crores. Any reason for this sharp increase in capex for UP? 
Shekhar Swarup: I don't know about the INR120 crores number. I think our CWIP is around INR180 crores. 
Nilanjan, can you talk about this? 
Nilanjan Sarkar: Yes, CWIP is at INR184 crores. 
Shekhar Swarup: I'm expecting a little more capex, which is not yet -- which happened in Q3 and is still pending. 
So INR120 crores, I'm not sure what this number is yet. 
Himanshu Shah: I'll share the screenshot of the presentation separately after the call. 
Shekhar Swarup: Okay. Maybe there was an error. I apologize for that, but please do share that information so we 
can correct, yes. 
Himanshu Shah: Sure. Thirdly, just a bookkeeping question. We have seen a change in numbers for Q3 FY '25 
between IMFL, consumer IMFL and manufacturing numbers of the base quarter last year, Q3 
FY '25. Last year, IMFL revenue was INR48 crores, which has been reported as INR43 crores. 
Any specific reason for this? 
Nilanjan Sarkar: No. There was a reclassification as per Ind AS and that reclassification has been addressed in 
this quarter. 
Shekhar Swarup: Nilanjan, that reclassification was only in Q3 last year? 
Nilanjan Sarkar: Only in Q3, Q3 of last year versus Q3 of this year. 
Himanshu Shah: Okay. And on IMFL, basis our vision statement, what we have guided for, basically 50% revenue 
from consumer and within that 50%, 25% coming from P&A. This ballpark implies a 50% 
revenue CAGR over FY '26 to '29. How confident are we on this? And what will d rive this? 
Because last 2 quarters' performance is not indicating any kind of positivity from an IMFL 
[[page 8]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
perspective. So on a higher base of IMFL revenue, we are guiding for indirectly a 50% CAGR. 
So how confident are we... 
Paramjit Singh Gill: So thanks, Himanshu. There's some background noise here. So thanks, Himanshu, for the 
question. Obviously, overall, you see we had called out in the last quarter itself, Delhi has been 
a drag on us for the last 4, 4.5 months, and that has had a big impact. Except for that, our overall 
strategy and growth are in line. 
 Now there is obviously -- there can be a month or a quarter as we go forward into our next couple 
of years' journey where there can be a performance which can exceed the projection and another 
quarter where it can slip. That is what, but we are very confid ent of our overall projection and 
our numbers purely because strategically, we are going to grow within each state as well as we 
are organically also growing geographies. 
 Further to top it up, also, we have a lot of support coming in from luxury to build up the top line 
and the bottom line growth, which is being driven by P&A. So overall, we are very, very 
confident because what we have narrated is part of a well -crafted st rategy that has been 
successfully implemented for the last 3 years. 
 We must keep it in mind that there will be these quarters of over delivery and some quarters of 
softer delivery. And that is part of the journey. These will start getting less and less impactful as 
we keep going forward and have more brands, more geographi es so that any individual state 
tailwind or headwind will start becoming a very normal consequence of part of the journey as it 
is well known in our industry. 
Himanshu Shah: That was helpful. And how much dependent our vision FY '29 statement is on the QIP? 
Assuming if the QIP doesn't go through, would we still be holding on to our vision statement or 
we may recalibrate that? 
Shekhar Swarup: No, we'll be holding on to our vision statement in either scenario. What we are getting with the 
QIP is an ability to grow our business a little bit faster to be able to have certain opportunities 
for growth as and when the opportunity is available to be t aking actions in those opportunities 
as well as for increasing our malt whiskey inventory. So in either scenario, these are the numbers 
that we are projecting to achieve. 
Moderator: Thank you. Mr. Shah, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the 
line of Nitin Awasthi with InCred Research. Please go ahead.  
Nitin Awasthi: Hello sir. One question on the manufacturing side and one question on the consumer side. On 
the manufacturing side, our utilization has been tagged below the numbers we used to do in the 
earlier years. I'm talking about... 
Shekhar Swarup: Sorry, Nitin, your voice is very soft. 
Moderator: Mr. Awasthi, please speak a little louder? 
[[page 9]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Nitin Awasthi: Yes. Am I clearly audible now? 
Moderator: Yes, please go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi: Okay. Great. So sir, on the historical front, from the historical perspective, our 9 -month 
utilization number for the manufacturing business seems to be on the lower end. So is it because 
of the capex that we were doing and the refurbishing of the plants that we were doing? And do 
we expect this to again go back to the historical level of 90% plus? 
Shekhar Swarup: Nitin, we are expecting capacity utilization at 80% to 85% going forward. Given the capacity 
base that -- our current capacity base and the incremental growth after UP, that's what we're 
going to be able to achieve, and that's been our guidance since last quarter. 
Nitin Awasthi: Understood, sir. Sir, on the second question on the consumer front, Rajasthan had a multiyear 
policy, which was implemented last year. It has done this before also. However, in the midyear, 
it used to come and give a policy again for the next year. And tha t used to normally make Q4 a 
bumpy quarter because the new excise policy used to have higher prices come in from April and 
people used to stock up in Q4. So this time around, are we expecting any such movement because 
of the multiyear policy? Or we just expecting normalization of the whole thing? 
Shekhar Swarup: So I can -- Param, I can comment on this, if that's all right. So Nitin, typically, the one issue that 
I have here this time is that given our stabilization of our SAP HANA project, this quarter, we've 
been able to announce our results a lot sooner than in the other quarters. We hope that this kind 
of momentum will continue now going forward. The one problem because of this is that usually 
Q3 results are towards mid or end of February. And by then, I have complete clarity about next 
year's policy. 
 Sitting mid-Jan right now, there are talks that are on for a potential price increase in Rajasthan. 
If that price increase is to come through, then yes, similar ordering pattern will continue as there 
was last year. But if it isn't to continue, then there won't be any change. Regardless of this, we 
are expecting this mid-single-digit kind of volume growth in the R&O segment, whether it is a 
little bumpy or not in Rajasthan, but we should be able to deliver on this mid-single-digit growth. 
Nitin Awasthi: Understood, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sid with Minerva India Under-served. Please 
go ahead. 
Sid: Yes. Hi, my first question is that what is your guidance for EBITDA per liter for FY '27? And 
for this, what would be your underlying assumption for rice and maize price for this guidance? 
Shekhar Swarup: Our guidance remains INR5 to INR7 per liter for the next financial year at 80% to 85% capacity 
utilization. My assumption for maize and rice prices is a similar trend that has played out this 
year. If there is significant change, then we expect that prices will also move in line with the  
significant change that takes place. 
[[page 10]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Sid: Okay. So the margin should be in this range regardless... 
Shekhar Swarup: Yes. 
Sid: Okay. My second question was, how do you see profitability for IMFL in the next financial year, 
FY '27? And if you could also give any inputs on FY '28 profitability, that would be helpful? 
Shekhar Swarup: At this point, we've given a guidance for FY '29 profitability. We are not in a position to give 
year-wise guidance for the P&A business. So we request you to bear with us for a few quarters 
till then. 
Sid: Okay. So for IMFL, you can't give FY '27 or '28 profitability? 
Shekhar Swarup: No, not at the moment. We've given a 15% to 17% EBITDA margin guidance in FY '29 for 
P&A. 
Sid: All right. So then my last question is that what are our plans for UP for IMIL in the next financial 
year? Can you provide a target for -- like in terms of millions of cases that we are planning to 
reach in FY '27? 
Shekhar Swarup: Yes. So Param, over to you. 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Yes. See, we don't want to project individual cases by a state. What we are expecting is, as we 
have called out, that overall, we are indicating that the R&O business will continue its mid -
single-digit growth. 
 Now we obviously are expecting that UP will continue to drive growth as well as the support 
from Delhi and West Bengal will kick in once the new policy of Delhi excise comes through, 
which definitely will come through, if not sooner than in March. And West Bengal by the latter 
half of this quarter, end of this quarter, our operations will start. So individual state -wise 
guidance, we are not releasing at this point of time. Kindly bear with us. 
Sid: Okay. So -- but it's fair to assume then that for IMIL and UP, we can expect similar mid-single-
digit growth in volumes. 
Paramjit Singh Gill: No. I mean UP... 
Shekhar Swarup: Overall, I said across IMIL, not for UP. UP will obviously grow much, much faster than that for 
the simple reason that the base is very slow, very small. UP is a very small base. We are seeing 
across the total performance of Globus across all five states. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Soumya S. with Insightful Investments. 
Soumya S.: So basically, my question was similar to the last participant. In the Delhi market, since you're 
saying that it has come back and now we are expecting better performance going ahead. If there 
is any chance you could give us what kind of volumes and revenue  we're expecting going 
[[page 11]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
forward since it's a market that we were previously present in and are now sort of seeing a 
revival? 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Yes. So thanks, Soumy a. To give you a broader indication we have given the performance of 
P&A that we reported a 37% year -on-year growth -- volume growth. Without Delhi, you have 
our overall numbers of volume growth, which we have already published, starts giving you that 
Delhi obviously was a salient market for us. 
 As I have said, we individually do not predict state -wise, quarter-wise growth, but we are very 
confident of Delhi's turnaround, the turnaround, which has already begun, should totally 
normalize by the end of this quarter itself. 
Soumya S.: All right sir, thank you. 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Thank you so much, Soumya. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Aashish Upganlawar with InvesQ PMS, please 
go ahead. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Firstly, on the fundraise that we have taken enabling the revision of the Board. So any concrete 
plans as of now as to how much are we doing out of the INR500 crores and what time line? And 
secondly, the utilization of that, how would you plan it...? 
Shekhar Swarup: Currently, there's nothing concrete. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, it's an enabling 
resolution. And based on how the business is growing, the requirement as well as environmental 
factors, we will take a decision later in the year. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Okay. And what's the thought process on utilization of that, where are we going to utilize it? 
Shekhar Swarup: Utilization is -- it's essentially for growing our consumer business, both in terms of working 
capital finance as well as increasing inventory of malt whiskey. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Okay. So the only point is that given the market cap of our company, INR500 crores seems to 
be a reasonably big dilution that would come in. So as investors, I mean, we would be looking 
at lesser of a dilution because unless it's a dire need for the business to... 
Shekhar Swarup: No. Like I said, there is no dire need firstly. Secondly, this is an enabling resolution and INR500 
crores is the limit. The requirements that we are foreseeing are lower than that. So let's see how 
things shape up as the year progresses, and we'll keep you informed. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Okay. Secondly, one more thing on the drop in prices of raw materials, can you help me with 
the numbers on what would be the drop in maize prices what you would have seen and also on 
the broken rice, what was the kind of drop that we saw? 
[[page 12]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Shekhar Swarup: Nilanjan, you have the drop separated for broken rice and maize? I think it's an overall thing. 
No, it's not the right way to see it because we may not have been purchasing maize in a certain 
period that we're purchasing maize right now. So the base may no t be comparable. Nilanjan 
mentioned that 15% is the reduction in raw material price year -on-year and 4% quarter -on-
quarter, and that factors in the raw material mix. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Right. So would we have used more of broken rice this time around? I mean is that a fair 
assumption? Or we are using a mix of both whenever... 
Shekhar Swarup: It's a mix of 3, right, FCI, broken rice and maize. In the North, maize prices are not that favorable. 
In the East, they are more favorable. So it's a mix. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Okay. I mean just looking for a direction as to in the market, what would be the drop in the maize 
price? I don't have the data overall... 
Shekhar Swarup: So in terms of total raw material price difference is 15% year-on-year. But if I were to talk about 
maize last year, December, maize price in D ecember last year was about INR 2,300, and this 
year, it's about -- INR2,400 and this year, it's about INR2,150 to INR 2,200. But these are spot 
price changes, not average of quarter or any such number. So the average of quarter, the right 
way to see it is average raw material price for that period. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Hitaindra Pradhan with Maximal Capital.  
Please go ahead. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Good afternoon sir. Sir, if I heard you right, you said for Q3, you did 37% Y-o-Y on P&A ex of 
Delhi and overall 9%. Do you have the similar figure for 9M also? 
Paramjit Singh Gill: No. Beyond this, there is not much more detail at this point of time. We are sharing. The reason 
why we called out was just to point out the impact of Delhi , because Delhi was one of the first 
3 states we had entered UP, Delhi and West Bengal. And as we continue with our growth 
journey, it still is a significant contributor and the impact on Delhi has b een noteworthy in our 
business. 
 As I have said that we are very quickly normalizing the situation and the momentum will be 
there for all to see in Q4 itself. And going forward, obviously, such blips will become less and 
less noteworthy as we expand into more geographies and more brands. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Okay. And similarly, sir, on the R&O business, so from the beginning of the year, we were 
expecting a mid -single-digit sort of sales volume growth, but we have been more or less flat. 
And so let's say, Rajasthan, you have called out about inventory alignment in Q2. So let's say, if 
you remove Q2, then Q1, Q3, how has been the growth in Rajasthan market in terms of volume, 
if you can give some flavor on that? 
[[page 13]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Three-ish. At this point of time, Q3 is 3-ish. There is also an impact of -- you will note, sir, that 
we have called out -- I think even in the last Q2 one, we had announced that Delhi policy is 
coming to an end. So as of now, there is no sale in Delhi of any company because the policy has 
concluded and the excise has not released the new policy, unfortunately. 
 And West Bengal obviously is undergoing the transition, which will in the medium term, which 
will be very beneficial to us. As a result, both these states having no volume contribution or top 
line contribution, it has that, I mean, short-term impact on the business. But we hold our overall 
guidance of mid-single digit. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Okay. You also mentioned about significant margin increase once the UP distillery will come 
up. So that is going to be only on the R&O sales that we are doing on UP? Or what will be the 
base over which this margin expansion will play out? 
Shekhar Swarup: It will play out on R&O and P&A. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Okay. So it will play out on both R&O and P&A sales, which we are doing currently in UP? 
Shekhar Swarup: Yes. 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Current and future sales. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Okay. Okay. And sir, on the fundraising side, unless we have an inorganic opportunity in sight, 
given that now the bad times that we had in manufacturing, now that is turning around and that 
should positively contribute to the cash flows. And given that we  don't have any future capex 
requirement coming from manufacturing. So in absence of any inorganic opportunity, why there 
should be any fundraising requirement for the company as such? 
Shekhar Swarup: So currently, in the IMFL business, the way it's growing as well as poised to grow. Of course, 
we've had a couple of quarters of setback in Delhi. But leaving aside that, Param mentioned that 
the growth in all other states has been completely on track. The re is a need to be a little more 
aggressive on investments behind the consumer business, both in terms of working capital as 
well as advertising opportunities. 
 Our entire aggression currently is based entirely on raw material price movement. So once raw 
material price comes down, our aggression increases, raw material prices go up, our aggression 
reduces. And that kind of strategy is not wise as we are now shapin g up the future of states of 
the consumer business in the new states that we're entering. So that is the reason strategically 
for doing the fund raise. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Okay. What is the net debt that we have right now, sir? 
Nilanjan Sarkar: INR570 crores. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 570? 
[[page 14]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Nilanjan Sarkar: Yes. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Thank you sir and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Himanshu Shah with Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Himanshu Shah: Sir, just a follow-up, would promoters be participating in QIP? 
Shekhar Swarup: As of now, there is no commitment either ways. So I currently can't speak on behalf of the 
promoter block, but let's see how things shape up. 
Himanshu Shah: Sure, that's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nishant Bhatt with Equity Works Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Nishant Bhatt: Yes. Am I audible, sir? 
Shekhar Swarup: Yes. 
Nishant Bhatt: Yes. Sir, my question was regarding the P&A segment. So currently, my question was like when 
can we expect a breakeven in this segment? Can we expect a breakeven in this f inancial year 
because I think we are very close to breakeven and I guess, within two to three quarters, it should 
turn positive? Am I right in my assessment? 
Shekhar Swarup: I believe so. Param, do you want to talk about it? 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Yes, yes. See, the way -- if you will recall, since the inception of our journey we have been 
saying is that each individual market in its third full year will start accruing and will become 
profitable and new markets will continue to add and they will obviously need investments. And 
as we keep pursuing aggressive growth, these investments will continue to feed into it. 
Overall, we have shared that where our journey is that from a position of where we started, w e 
are now almost in the zone of, you know, very close to breakeven. It is very difficult to start 
predicting quarter-on-quarter on the growth here that how soon we will break even because it is 
the aggression at which we will grow the existing states paralleled by an aggression with which 
we will continue to find new geographies and invest there. 
So my – my take here is that overall, as far as we continue to drive growth and keep moving 
towards profitability, profitability is just a function of the journey. Our individual margins basis 
the strategy that we are using on choosing brands, segments, geographies a nd our right to win 
are in the zone of 40% already, which is in the zone of best -in-class 45% across leading brands 
and companies. So I think these are the parameters where we would like to anchor our business 
on. And sooner than later, you will see that we will breach the line. 
[[page 15]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Nishant Bhatt: Got it. And then I think -- so my question was, again, on the P&A segment itself, see majority 
of the players have a very decent margin somewhere near 15% to 17%. Like -- but because we 
are like fully integrated player like can we expect a margin which can  be greater than this 
particular price band over the years? 
Shekhar Swarup: So our A&P spends are significantly higher than competitors. On the other hand, our gross 
margins are in line with competitors. We expect that by FY '29, our EBITDA margins will be in 
line with competitors. Even though our A&P will be higher than competitors in FY '29 and that 
is the – that is the strength of our integrated model. 
Paramjit Singh Gill: We would not want to make any projections or predictions beyond that because we have 
benchmarked our first large pit stop at FY '29, where we have declared we will be between 15% 
to 17% EBITDA. 
Nishant Bhatt: Got it, got it. Yes, that’s from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Raman K V with Sequent Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Raman K V: Hello sir, can you hear me? 
Shekhar Swarup: Yes, please go ahead. 
Raman K V: Yes, sir. Sir, I just want to understand, I have three questions. One is with respect to the 
upcoming UP distillery facility. From what I can observe over the past two quarters, we are able 
to do around 50 million to 52 million liter per quarter of sale in terms of manufacturing business, 
that is ENA and ethanol. So once this UP facility comes in, in Q4, how much will be the 
incremental sale in terms of manufacturing bu siness once this UP distillery commences in FY 
'27? 
Shekhar Swarup: Yes. Just a second. About 20 million liters -- 15 million to 20 million liters more. 
Raman K V: Per quarter? 
Shekhar Swarup: Per year? 
Raman K V: Per year. So -- and you have given the guidance of around 80% utilization, 80% to 85% 
utilization, that is including this new facility, right? 
Shekhar Swarup: Yes, yes. So this 20 million is at about 90% capacity utilization. So 15 million to 20 million, 
yes. 
Raman K V: And my second question is, sir, I just want to understand growth of your consumer business in 
terms of volume or sales, if you can give a ballpark figure for FY '27. You have given with 
[[page 16]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
respect to consumer business, I think, mid -single-digit volume growth. And what about the 
Prestige & Above, will it continue to grow at 15%? 
Paramjit Singh Gill: No. So we have not given any guidance for '27 and '28. We've given a guidance for '29 for our 
P&A business. We've given an R&O volume guidance and revenue guidance of mid-single digits 
year-on-year. For the manufacturing business, the reason it is hard to give a revenue growth run 
rate is because that business, the realization is dependent on raw material price.  
So you could have periods of even degrowth in revenues, but capacity utilization and EBITDA 
margins, those are the main ways to monitor that business. So 80% to 85% capacity utilization 
with INR5 to INR7 EBITDA margin regardless of revenue growth or decrease. However, in FY 
'27, revenue is going to grow because of new capacity coming in.  
Raman K V: Yes.  
Paramjit Singh Gill: And this is the last increase of capacity that is expected going forward.  
Raman K V: Understood, sir. Hello. 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Yes. 
Raman K V: Hello Can you hear me? 
Shekhar Swarup: Yes. I' hope I have answered your question. 
Raman K V: Yes, sir . So my final question is with respect to the QIP. We have received an approval of 
INR500 crores of QIP. I just want to understand if you can give us a ballpark figures where we'll 
be using these funds for? 
Shekhar Swarup: So the upper limit is 500 . Our requirement is lower than that. The funds will be utilized, as I 
mentioned earlier for growing our consumer business. It will be utilized for working capital as 
well as for increasing our malt whiskey inventory in maturation. 
Raman K V: Sir, can you explain the last part of it, increasing the…? 
Shekhar Swarup: So, for our single malts, given the expected growth rates of the single malt whiskey brand, 
DOAAB, we need to increase our inventory of whiskey in maturation… 
Raman K V: Okay. Understood, sir. 
Shekhar Swarup: Which will be available after a few years for bottling. 
Raman K V: After a few years, what's the last word? 
Shekhar Swarup: For bottling. 
[[page 17]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Raman K V: Okay, understood sir. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Dhaval Dama with Enigma Small 
Opportunities Fund. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Dama: Hi, sir. Thank you so much. Sir, just wanted to understand, basically, recently, I don't know, 
there has been some buzz that OMCs have started reducing the offtake of ethanol. So do we have 
any color on that? Or our agreements are still in place for the next 1 -year, and we are pretty 
confident in terms of volume outlook over the same? 
Shekhar Swarup: We are confident of 80% to 85% capacity utilization between ENA and ethanol. So within this, 
we do not see any significant threat. Yes, I have also been hearing that OMCs are reducing 
volume offtake. But so far, we are not impacted and our contracts are in  place for the capacity 
utilization guidance that I have provided you. 
Dhaval Dama: Okay. And sir, I think that would be great if you can just give us some more color in terms of 
the impact of Delhi because I think at the beginning of the current financial year for FY '26, we 
were confident of delivering a much higher number in terms of r evenue, at least on the P&A 
segment. 
So would it be possible for you to provide some more color on that in terms of how the recovery 
is shaping up? What was the bottom that we hit in terms of volumes in Delhi and how things 
could shape up from here on? 
Shekhar Swarup: Sure. Param, could you take that please? 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Yes, yes, yes. Thanks for the question. As we have already called out the revenue growth, 
excluding Delhi, to give you a fair idea of the impact of Delhi. In terms of how the business is 
shaping up, we expect January to March quarter to totally normalize D elhi. We have already 
begun our journey of normalizing Delhi in the last month of the previous quarter. 
And while we do not release individual state -wise volumes or growth, we are collectively, 
obviously, Delhi still being one of the early three states and being a reasonable contributor to 
our journey, when you start seeing the projection of 50% growth for Q4, we believe that it gives 
you sufficient confidence that Delhi will be totally normalized and back on track within this 
quarter. 
Dhaval Dama: Sure. And sir, any -- basically any time lines that we have in terms of getting into CSD or some 
duty-free channels in terms of projecting the brand or increasing the awareness. So any color or 
any time lines on that? 
Paramjit Singh Gill: So it's difficult to project time lines, but we are very happy to share that we are pursuing both 
these verticals as we talk to you, we are -- our file is moving in CSD. The first -time entry into 
both these channels does take time over which we do not have enough control. 
[[page 18]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
And hence, we cannot take the liberty of putting time lines, but we are also aggressively pursuing 
both these channels, and we hope to share good news with our investor partners sooner than 
later. 
Dhaval Dama:  Sure, sir. That’s it from my side. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Chandrasekhar Sridhar with Fidelity 
International. Please go ahead. 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: Hi, gentlemen. Good afternoon. I just wanted to get some math clear in my head. We are sort of 
clocking about 210-ish million liters in the manufacturing at this point in time. I think Param, 
you made a point that you will be able to do another 220 -- another 20 million liters of external 
sales, which is sort of maybe a 10% increase in additional volumes. So is that right? 
And if that were to be the case, how do we sort of get to your FY '29 number in terms of your 
manufacturing sort of EBITDA even -- so I just want to understand first, if that is right. And 
then if -- given that we'll be sort of 330 million capacity and you're talking about 85% utilization, 
it doesn't seem that there's a lot left which you'll be consuming internally. So just trying to get 
the math around this right. 
Shekhar Swarup: Hi, this is Shekhar. I'm sorry, I lost track of some of the numbers you mentioned. Our current 
capacity base is 330 million liters. We are adding another 30 million liters  in Uttar Pradesh. So 
that takes it to 360. 85% of this is about 306 million liters of capacity.  
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: Right. Okay. So, we will, I mean… 
Shekhar Swarup: So what was the question, please? 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: So about 220, 230 sort of for external sales and the rest is sort of what we think we'll consume 
internally over a period of time. 
Shekhar Swarup: Over a period of time, the internal consumption number, I know we've done a working on it. I 
don't have it ready off hand. I can send you that breakup. FY'29, what is the internal consumption 
and external sales. I will send that to you. 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: Sure. Can we also get some sense around what's the potential market share, which you're 
thinking about UP over a 3-year view? I mean this is obviously a 120 million case market, much 
larger than Rajasthan, but do you have some sense that by then, UP could be almost as large as 
the 10 million, 11 million which you're doing in Rajasthan? 
Shekhar Swarup: Param, can you answer that? 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Yes. Thanks for the question. So we have in our F Y'29 projection anchored UP at 5 million 
cases, which pegs us even if the market does not grow and holds its volume, it pegs us 5% share. 
And that's the best breakup at this point of time on the table. 
[[page 19]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: Understood. Okay. Thank you. 
Paramjit Singh Gill: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vijay Shah with Insightful Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Vijay Shah: Hello. Am I audible? 
Shekhar Swarup: Yes, sir. 
Vijay Shah: Thank you for the opportunity. Just two questions. One is, currently, we said our net debt is 
about INR570 crores. Just one question, what kind of debt -to-EBITDA levels will we be 
comfortable over the next couple of years? 
Shekhar Swarup: Nilanjan, do you have the working of debt going forward? 
Nilanjan Sarkar: Two or less. It's a working capital business. So next few years, while our long -term debt will 
come down, but our working capital will increase with increase in IMFL business. So anything 
in the level of two or less is an ideal position on a debt-to-EBITDA. 
Vijay Shah: Okay. So you think two or less. And second is just one small clarification. We said that we will 
see sharp volume growth in Q4. Will that base number for last year's Q4 change or that will 
remain constant? 
Nilanjan Sarkar: No, the base number for last Q4... 
Vijay Shah: We changed, the base number for this year, it's already for this quarter. So I just want to clarify 
upfront. 
Nilanjan Sarkar: No, no, no. That was a reclassification matter. Q4 base numbers will not change. 
Vijay Shah: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Nishant Bhatt with Equity Works Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nishant Bhatt: This is just a follow-up question I wanted to ask. See, we are seeing the trend that a lot of other 
companies are acquiring this homegrown distilleries as inorganic acquisitions. Like ABD just 
acquired, I think, Fullarton Distilleries, right? So similarly, Param, are you seeing some kind of 
opportunity for Globus over here to like -- because we are focusing on premiumization of our 
brands, right? So that's one question I wanted to ask. 
Paramjit Singh Gill: You want to take it or you want me to take it, Shekhar? 
Shekhar Swarup: I can take it no problem. So I think this is one area where Globus differentiates itself from a lot 
of the other companies out there, which is our internal capability to innovate and create products. 
[[page 20]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
A lot of the other companies need to acquire new products in order to get innovative products as 
part of their portfolio. However, we are able to create that innovation internally. 
Let me talk about a recent launch, which is DOAAB Expression 02 matured in Japanese 
Mizunara Oak. This is the first Indian single malt whiskey to be matured in Japanese Mizunara 
Oak. Another product, TERAI vodka, which is priced premium to Absolut vodka in  all states. 
This is the world's first vodka to be filtered with amethyst crystals. And this is a technique 
created entirely in-house.  
So a lot of our plans for innovative brands is based on internal innovation.  On the other hand, 
coming to acquisitions, there may be opportunities to acquire regional brands that have 
distribution salience in certain geographies that we are not present in. So those are the kind of 
opportunities we would be interested in looking at. 
Nishant Bhatt: Got it. So we are confident on our basically branding and in-house capabilities. That's what you 
are saying... 
Shekhar Swarup: For the FY '29 plan, yes. 
Nishant Bhatt: Got it. And see, this is just a suggestion because I can see you have been creating wonderful 
brands, but we don't see it in the social media this DOAAB, especially in Mizunara , it was an 
opportunity to market it in YouTube. I see a lot of other radios also, like there are some other 
companies which are marketing. I don't see your products. Even TERAI amethyst, it has such a 
very catchy kind of bottle design and the amethyst crystals as well. So -- but I don't see it in 
social media, that's the suggestion I wanted to give. 
So you can go aggressive because you are mostly -- the target is on the younger audience, right? 
So some experimental consumer events, live concerts, that kind of marketing you guys can do , 
because I think the brand actually hits with the young consumers more. I see many of my friends 
consuming TERAI Gin, that's why this was just a suggestion to add on. 
Shekhar Swarup: So thank you for that suggestion. And our market -- our A&P spends are based on the needs for 
the business in the markets that we are present in, so they are prioritized according to that. And 
as the priority for social media increases, we will increase ou r spends in that channel. But yes, 
thank you very much for the suggestion. 
Nishant Bhatt: That’s all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Shekhar Swarup, Joint MD for 
closing comments. 
Shekhar Swarup: Thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. As always, we remain available for any further 
questions you may have. Please do reach out to us directly or to our Investor Relations agency, 
Stellar. Thank you again, and have a good evening. 
[[page 21]]
                                         Globus Spirits Limited 
  January 13, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Globus Spirits Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 