[[page 1]]
~z"· · 'P/VIIR/ 
ENGINEERING & INDUSTRIES LTD. 
\. +91 1204308100 
tit +91 1204311010/11 
e www.trivenigroup.com 
By E-filing 
Date·09th June 2026 REF·TEIL·SE· , 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
P.J. Tower, Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Bandra-KurIa Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI - 40000 I MUMBAf - 400 051 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre Thru; NEAPS 
STOCK CODE: 532356 STOCK CODE: TRIVENI 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 041h June, 2026 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
transcript of the Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 04th June, 2026 post 
announcement of audited financial results of the Company for the Q4 & FY26 ended on 
March 31, 2026. The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at: 
www.trivenigroup.com 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd. 
GEETA BHALLA 
Group Vice President & 
Company Secretary 
M.No. A9475 
Encl: As above 
Corporate Office: 8'h Floor, Express Trade Towers, Plot 15 & 16, Sector 16-A, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201301, India. 
Registered Office: A-44, Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extension, Noida-201 305, Uttar Pradesh. CIN No.: L 15421 UP1932PLC02217 4 

[[page 2]]
 Page 1 of 19  
 
 
Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
June 04, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Triveni Engineering & 
Industries Limited Earnings Conference Call.  
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India  for 
opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
 
Gavin Desa: Thank you. Good day everyone, and a warm welcome to everyone participating 
in the Triveni Engineering & Industries Q4 and FY26 earnings call. We have with 
us today, Mr. Tarun Sawhney, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Suresh Taneja, Group CFO; Mr. Sameer Sinha, CEO Sugar Business; and Mr. 
Rajiv Rajpal, CEO of Power Transmission business as well as other members 
of the senior management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward -looking in nature and a statement to this effect has 
been included in the invite, which was shared with you earlier. I would also like 
to emphasise that while this call is open to all invitees, it may not be broadcasted 
or reproduced in any manner. I would like now to hand over to Mr. Tarun 
Sawhney to make opening remarks. Over to you. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Thank you, Gavin. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the 
Q4 FY26 earnings call for Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited. It's a great 
pleasure to be with you today. Unusually, for the first time, we're having this call 
a few days after the results due to certain business exigencies and travel 
commitments. We wanted all the senior management team to be present for this 
very important and in some ways, historic call. I'm delighted to inform you that 
the composite scheme of arrangement is effective from th e 19th of May, 2026 
after the approval of the NCLT. The revenues from operations of the company 
net of excise stood at ₹6,291 crore, and the PBT stood at ₹378 crore. There was 
a strong turnaround in the operating performance of the Distillery segment. 
 
In the Power Transmission Business, the highlight was an order booking of 25% 
higher than previously, a significant increase of enquiries as well during this 
period. However, the engineering business's Q4 was impacted by global and 
domestic uncertainty, especially in a wide variety of industrial sectors. And I will 
be talking more about that and the future through this call. The board has also 
recommended a final dividend of ₹1.25 per equity share. Looking at the 
consolidated financial results, I'd like to mention that the ₹6,291 crore of 
revenues was a growth of 10.6% versus the previous fiscal year. This expansion 
was propelled by stronger sales volumes in our sugar and distillery verticals, 
along with better sugar realisations. 
 

[[page 3]]
 Page 2 of 19  
For the quarter under review, revenue stood at over ₹1,500 crore, which was 
slightly down from the previous corresponding quarter, primarily due to a 
calibrated scale -down of some ethanol dispatches aligning with the OMC's 
delivery timelines and also because of some short delivery deferment in the 
Power Transmission Bu siness. The EBITDA margins for the business rose to 
16.9%, to approximately ₹624 crore, up from ₹533 crore in the previous fiscal 
year. We have accounted for an exceptional charge of ₹14 crore in FY26, which 
reflects the estimated retroactive impact of the new labo ur codes on employee 
benefit provisions. The net profit as a result for the full -year reached ₹268.7 
crore, which was up by 12.8% versus the previous corresponding year. 
 
Reflecting the sound balance sheet and commitments to investors, the board 
has recommended, as I mentioned, a final dividend of 125% or ₹1.25 per share. 
The balance sheet remains strong. Our consolidated debt stood at ₹2,148 crore 
on the 31st of March 2026, which was slightly higher than the ₹1,969 crore on 
the 31st of March 2025. However our long-term debt on a consolidated basis, 
stood at ₹472 crore at the end of March 2026, which was lower than the previous 
period where it was ₹506 odd crore. I am very proud to announce that post the 
scheme having been approved, ICRA has reaffirmed our long-term credit rating 
as AA+ Stable, lifting it from its previous under watch status. I think that's a return 
to the highest rating of Triveni Engineering historically, and something that we 
at the business are quite proud of. 
 
Turning quickly to the operating businesses. I will first talk about the sugar 
business. In this vertical, we delivered a stable baseline profitability despite the 
ambient agricultural challenges.  The revenues grew by almost 13%, while the 
PBIT grew very marginally and ended up at about ₹272 crore. The sugarcane 
crush for the 2025-26 season ended at 8.25 million tonnes, lower by 8.8%. This 
was due to agro-climatic factors on cane yields, as well as aggressive diversion 
of sugarcane to local jaggery production in select areas. The steepest decline in 
cane crushing was witnessed in Western Uttar Pradesh, 17%, where our 
significant capacities are. And this was a little bit of a surprise, very honestly 
speaking, to the management team. A lot of that had to do with aggressive 
diversion towards the Gur an d Khandsari sectors, where they were paying 
aggressive amounts for harvesting sugarcane from local areas. 
 
I am, and I will like to mention, very comforted with the fact that the central 
government is looking at a revision in the Sugarcane Control Order, which will 
also look at a revision in the Gur and Khandsari Act. And bringing that under the 
central ambit, which will then rein in the same kind of conformity that is much 
desired to have a progressive ecosystem, and one that is truly fair to the Indian 
farmer and to the Indian sugarcane farmer. Our Khatauli unit, having sa id that, 
in West Uttar Pradesh, was th e only one in the state to cross 200 lakh quintals 
of crushing capacity during this season. We are, of course, very hopeful for all 
of these. I'll discuss that when I give you the output and outlook of the sugar 
business going forward. 
 
Furthermore, our intensive cane development initiatives have yielded excellent 
outcomes, especially in the season under review as compared to the previous 
year. Our gross recovery rose by 26 basis points to 11.06%. Operating entirely 
on C -heavy molasses, o ur net sugar production was about 913,000 ton nes, 
almost at the same level as the previous year, despite a slightly lower level of 
crush. Outperforming the Uttar Pradesh state average, where there was a 
decline of 3.4% as an average in that state. Certainl y, a better performance by 
Triveni compared to the state average and most other groups in the State of 
Uttar Pradesh. Our domestic sales volume, up at 10.4% at 9.79 lakh ton nes, 
had strong realisations for the year under review at ₹40,680 per metric tonne. 
 
[[page 4]]
 Page 3 of 19  
The higher recoveries and cost optimi sation measures insulated our margins 
against the ₹300 per metric ton ne increase in cane pricing in the state of Uttar 
Pradesh. So, I think was a very well -absorbed hit because the cane price 
increase, as I had mentioned on previous calls was higher than what we had 
anticipated certainly at Triveni and by the industry at large. We were able to 
compensate that through better efficiencies in the system. 
 
Furthermore, an upward revision of export power tariffs with effective 1st of April 
2024 under the UPERC regulations brought an additional ₹31 crore of income 
during the fiscal year. The inventory of sugar as on the 31st of March 2026 stood 
at a shade under 60 lakh quintals, and it was valued at ₹38.1 per kilo, absorbing 
the impact of the increase of ₹300 per metric tonne. 
 
Currently, ex -mill prices for refined sugar are approximately ₹42.20 with 
sulphitation sugar being about ₹1 per kilo to ₹0.75 per kilo lower than these 
average prices. 
 
Turning quickly to the distillery business. The segment has achieved an 
outstanding operational turnaround, posting its highest ever production and 
sales volume in FY26. Annual revenue net of excise reached ₹1,550 crore, 
driven by better availability of feedstocks, lower procurement prices for maize, 
and sharp cost optimi sation. And w hat I want to say is that actually it is the 
variance in grain prices that has been the biggest surprise, especially for the 
year under review. 
 
And it gives a lot of credence to the huge amount of work that happened in the 
supply chain activities of the company in order to be able to procure the 
feedstock from various states at the best possible price, transport it efficiently, 
and store it efficiently f or this to be converted and reflect in terms of the 
profitability of this business. That has been a big success of the distillery 
segment and something that actually we've talked about in previous calls as 
well. While the average reali sation prices shifted slightly lower to ₹61 per litr e 
due to the higher mix of FCI rice allocated ethanol, which carries a relatively 
lower pricing than maize, the volume growth more than compensated for this 
variance. Grain-based feedstock constituted 56% of our total ethanol sales in 
the year. 
 
We have secured a solid allocation pipeline of 17.18 crore litres under cycle one 
of the OMCs and the private tender program mes. And we expect further 
allocations of ethanol both from the OMCs and private tender in the subsequent 
cycle, which is anticipated very shortly now that the legal hurdles are getting 
sorted and are expected to get sorted  very shortly. And I think it is this legal 
issue that's happened in the south of the country that has really played havoc 
with the ethanol blending program me at a time when the nation actually needs 
as much ethanol because there has been a willingness, frankly speaking by 
OMCs to even blend slightly more than 20%. There's been talk of at least in the 
metros, slightly higher blending percentages being attempted by the  OMCs. I 
cannot certify as to where and when, et c. But these are certainly press reports 
that have gone out and it kind of makes sense at a point in time where the rupee 
has created a little bit of havoc, and the import bill is only rising in one direction.  
 
Our branded IMIL business outperformed the broader industry growth metrics in 
Uttar Pradesh as well, solidifying its position amongst the top five players in this 
business within the state of Uttar Pradesh. 
 
Turning very quickly to our engineering businesses, I'd like to focus first on the 
power transmission business. Our power transmission business has 
experienced a challenging quarter under review, and this was because of some 
order finali sation issues in the steam turbine and other turbine markets for 
[[page 5]]
 Page 4 of 19  
domestic projects as well as for some European and Middle Eastern projects, 
especially in the fourth quarter. And this was the geopolitical inactivity in West 
Asia. And in fact, I think that would be the most significant contributor. Actually, 
it had some delays in terms of our customers and OEMs accepting completed 
or near-complete gearboxes and also had an impact on some finali sation. But 
honestly speaking, looking at where oil prices are, looking at where industrial 
activity is going, and the kind of ind ustrial growth that is happening around the 
world, because the addressable market is a global one. I am very happy that the 
enquiry book has been even more robust  and in fact, our order booking, as I 
mentioned in my opening remarks has also seen robust increases. Therefore, 
the future, very honestly speaking, actually holds great promise for this 
business, especially the present fiscal year. 
 
During the Q4, business secured a landmark order of an axial compressor test 
gearbox from a premier defen ce establishment, the first of a kind in Asia, and 
one of the very few orders for this type of gearbox that have been placed 
anywhere in the world. This is a breakthrough order for supply of a test rig, along 
with all the electricals and mechanical equipment, a very comprehensive scope. 
It actually gives a broader scope of just beyond just the gearbox and adds a 
newer dimension of adding more bells and w histles and of great value to the 
gearbox value proposition, not just for this stream, but also for other gearbox 
streams going forward. This test facility will support indigenous gas engine 
development and reduce the reliance on foreign test facilities.  
 
And we are hopeful that other such test facilities, not just in India, but also around 
the world, will be promising targets for this business. They're high-value orders, 
and they represent the pinnacle of high-speed gas turbine technology. Our 
success here actually is a validation of the technology that we have in -house. 
Key machinery items have been commissioned at our defen ce manufacturing 
facility, which has been completely launched during the fourth quarter, including 
our lathe machines, deep hole drilling machines, floor boring machines, etc. The 
testing facility will be installed sequentially over the next couple of quarters as 
well. 
 
We concluded this year with a very strong order book of just under ₹500 crore, 
25% higher than the previous year, providing distinct revenue visibility for the 
coming quarters. I would like to mention, we've talked about it, and I'm sure there 
may be a question coming up. I'm going to pre-empt it by saying that the CapEx 
that the board of Triveni Engineering has approved in three tranches totals 
exactly ₹340 crore. For the gearbox business, this represents an output of about 
₹700 crore based on the product mix. It could be higher also, very honestly 
speaking and does not reflect the output of the defence facility. I want to mention 
that. Of course, all of this CapEx is anticipated to be complete by, as we have 
previously mentioned, September 2026. ₹231 crore has been incurred up to the 
31st of March, 2026. Of the ₹231 crore, ₹78 crore has been for the defen ce 
facility. As you can quickly do the backward calculation, about ₹109 crore will be 
incurred in this quarter and the next quarter, completing the ₹340 crore. 
 
A lot of that is already planned, executed, underway, things being delivered at 
various stages of final execution, frankly speaking. So we are exactly in plan 
with what we had targeted, pretty much with a small slip up in the defence facility, 
but the rest of the targets are pretty much as planned and having no material 
impact on the operations of the company, which actually has been very  very 
important. 
 
Of course, as power transmission migrates into Triveni Power Transmission 
Limited, the company is armed with sufficient cash flows and a balance sheet to 
be able to incur all of this CapEx and OpEx and more. 
 
[[page 6]]
 Page 5 of 19  
Turning quickly to the water business. The consolidated revenues of our water 
business increased by 15% to ₹270 odd crore, driven by an acceleration in 
execution of our EPC portfolio.  The prior year's PBIT also included a one -time 
favourable arbitration award, making the normal ised underlying operational 
profitability for FY26 quite encouraging. 
 
Key operational highlights include the successful completion and formal 
handover of the Exim Bank-funded Maldives Water and Sanitation infrastructure 
project across six islands. Our closing order book for this business stood agai n 
around about the same level at just over ₹1,500 crore, out of which longer 
duration O&M maintenance contracts comprised just over about ₹1,077 crore. 
 
I want to spend just a few minutes talking about the strategic outlook for all these 
businesses. In sugar, the overall domestic production for this season is 
anticipated to be 27.8 million metric ton nes with Maharashtra and Karnataka 
registering a substantial increase of 23% and 16% respectively, over the 
previous season, with Uttar Pradesh witnessing a decline of approximately 
3.4%. Of course, West U.P. has seen the greatest decline. 
 
However, on average, our performance in West U.P. is significantly better than 
all of our neighbouring factories and groups. With an opening stock of 5 million 
metric ton nes, production estimated at 27.8 metric ton nes, our consumption 
estimates for this year at Triveni stand at about 27.5 million metric ton nes. 
Exports will be about just a shade above 0.5 million metric ton nes. And 
therefore, the closing stock for sugar season 2026 is anticipated to be lower than 
the opening stock at about 4.6 to 4.8 odd metric tonnes, by and large. Hopefully, 
with the quotas from the DGFT being what we anticipate as well. Now, this 
actually bodes very well for the remainder of the sugar year and beyond as far 
as robust sugar pricing is concerned.  And you will note that with an average 
sugar pricing of refined at ₹42.20 and sulphitation at about ₹41.50 today, it has 
broadly been the same in this quarter, it is a stark increase to the overall average 
refine that we had at Triveni of ₹41.32 for all of our sugars for the previous fiscal 
year. So quite a substantial difference in terms of average sugar pricing, and I 
think that bodes very well and is reflective in one part of the balance sheet of 
the country. And a lso the second part, very honestly speaking, is about the 
anticipated emergence of this El Ni no, some say Super El Ni no, and the 
concerns that has on the impact of the monsoon for 2026. A lot of th at is 
unknown. Frankly speaking, if you were in Delhi today, the thunderstorms are of 
a very vigorous monsoon. But the anticipation, of course, is that as the monsoon 
progresses, it will have an impact of El Ni no, potentially a Super El Ni no is 
occurring. And both Skymet and the India Meteorological Department concur 
with the findings of major meteorological bodies around the world in their impact 
of the El Nino and especially of the impact of the Indian monsoon. 
 
Now w hat does that mean for India and for the Indian sugar industry? Very 
honestly speaking, it means that there could be an impact, especially where 
there are areas of water stress. Water stress is primarily in the central and 
southern part of the country and towards the eastern part of the country, Eastern 
Uttar Pradesh, etc. These places can feel the stress because they do rely more 
heavily on monsoons, and on monsoon, of course, filling not just groundwater, 
but also the dams. 
 
In Western Uttar Pradesh, I have always maintained that we are relatively 
insulated because we get a lot of Himalayan melted water, et c. In fact, the 
problem for the last few years has been of excess water, not of less water. As 
you will remember from earnings calls for the last few years, it has been because 
of flooding, because excess water has actually been let off by Nepal, et c. And 
then we've not been able to control it by our dams, and the dams have been 
[[page 7]]
 Page 6 of 19  
opened, which led to flooding. Flooding that has impacted the crop for and has 
had standing water for three, four, five weeks. 
 
Now that, frankly speaking in a scenario where El Nino actually doesn't happen. 
There is a significant possibility of early maturity of the sugarcane crop. I think 
that is what we're sensing. We've had excellent planting. The planting, of course, 
is over. We've had excellent planting across our sugar factories. And t he 
anticipation is for western central Uttar Pradesh that there could be an earlier 
maturing if there is less rainfall of the sugarcane crop. And that ties in very well 
because you have an early Diwali, which frankly speaking, always is a signal for 
the start of the sugar season, which is, I would say, still anticipated towards the 
second half of October of 2026. Very much in line with previous years of an early 
Diwali. 
 
Turning towards the ethanol business. The government bodies, alongside NITI 
Aayog, are actively formulating policies for applications in "Beyond E20." There 
has been ample coverage in newspapers and ample discussion in government 
circles on applications of  higher than 20%. I alluded to a little bit higher being 
tried in cities. Certainly, that is a distinct possibility, both in informal and formal 
basis. Provided this issue of the court case that has prevented the tenders from 
South India, prevented the tenders of India for the nation to continue. If that issue 
gets sorted out, I think we can handsomely see higher blends being attempted.  
It does help in terms of saving crucial Forex. Also, when the rupee now is almost 
touching $100. 
 
In addition, draft notification amendments for the CMVR, the Central Motor 
Vehicle Rules of 1989, propose a higher inclusion of ethanol blends under the 
emission norms and providing a regulatory basis for formal introduction of FFVs 
and isobutanol-blended diesel -capable vehicles in India.  You will be happy to 
know that one of the leading car manufacturers this year has had a very 
important launch of their flex fuel vehicles.  And I'm delighted to inform you that 
we are one of the first five purchasers of said vehicle, and we hope to get officers 
of Triveni to be able to drive it around with suitable advertising across the streets 
of New Delhi. So we're, of course, very supportive of this entire programme. The 
ATF norms, airline turbine fuel norms, have been redefined to include synthetic 
hydrocarbons enabling sustainable aviation fuel integration, which includes the 
ethanol-to-jet pathway. So it is laying the grounds, of course, for investment into 
that very important industry.  Again, these are roots taking pl ace, ladies and 
gentlemen, and I think it actually gives an insight to what can be anticipated over 
the next few years from this particular industry. 
 
We look forward to well-coordinated policy action, effectively utilising the existing 
capabilities of the country. We expect the government to follow a rational policy 
regarding the pricing of ethanol from sugarcane-based feedstocks to match cane 
price, and also of grain -based feedstocks to match the pricing of grain in the  
country. And the hope is that as we approach October and the next tender, there 
is a good deal of review that happens in a sector which actually has not benefited 
from any pricing increase of note over the last two years. 
 
Within the Power Transmission Business, our strategic push to clearly move 
towards, of course, the independent listing of TPTL. Our capital expenditure 
programmes are progressing very smoothly and I've already covered that in my 
opening remarks. The export market continues to be the major growth driver of 
the business.  The establishment of our Swiss subsidiary has provided huge 
engine of growth, as we're seeing in terms of our order book as well as our 
enquiry book. 
 
The qualification orders for pumps and compressors supplied to major 
customers will increase the Power Transmission business es presence in the oil 
[[page 8]]
 Page 7 of 19  
and gas sector, a lot of which is under commissioning now, already having been 
dispatched from the business. So we're very hopeful for that also to be adding 
another significant push to the business. 
 
Compressor test rig is emerging as a promising growth segment for suppliers in 
Europe especially, and in the Middle East and as you are aware, there's a very 
important pipeline being built urgently in the Middle East, and there's quite a lot 
of refurbishment of pipelines that are happening. We hope to be a beneficiary of 
this CapEx over the next couple of years. 
 
Finally, in the Water segment, the market remains buoyant. Stricter 
environmental clients, including the liquid discharge management rules and the 
expanding corporate ZLD norms, are driving commercial demand for water 
recycle and reuse infrastructure, an area where our technological excellence is 
highly competitive. So I'm hopeful that we will be receiving more orders in the 
very near future in this business. 
 
Before I open up the floor for questions, I'd like to just offer a comment on the 
demerger. As I mentioned at the very outset of this call, the approval of NCLT 
has been granted on the 19th of May and has been informed to the stock 
exchanges and the ROC. T he appointed date for the scheme is the 1st of April 
2025, and the appointed date for the demerger is the 1st of April 2026.  
 
In respect to the record date, we have two record dates. The issuance of shares 
for Sir Shadilal, a group company of Triveni is the 3rd of June. That is the record 
date for the issuance of shares to Sir Shadi  Lal shareholders. For the issuance 
of shares for Triveni Engineering shareholders, I anticipate that over the next 
four weeks, we will be able to set the record date. This is subject to the approvals 
of the stock exchange for the dispersal of shares to the  shareholders. In a 
nutshell, one is anticipati ng that by the end of August, we will have a listing of 
Triveni Power Transmissions Limited. 
 
I do want to assure all those on this call and other investors of Triveni 
Engineering that the end of August 2026 will probably be after our Q1 board 
meetings for TEIL as well as TPTL, and we fully intend on publishing our results 
in the papers and on our web pages and holding earnings conference calls for 
both companies so that our shareholders are fully knowledgeable about the 
progress that the businesses have made in Q1 of FY27. 
 
With that, ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to open up the floor for questions. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question -and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press * and 1 on their touch-
tone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may 
press * and 2. Participants are requested to use their handsets while asking a 
question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. Participants who wish to ask a question, please press * and 
1. 
 
We take the first question from the line of Ashish Ajit Golechha from Bee Ventures LLP. Please go ahead. 
 
Ashish Ajit Golechha: Hi, sir. Good afternoon. There were two questions. First, I'll ask the first question, 
and then I'll come on the second question. You had basically planned a CapEx 
for a multi -modal facility. With respect to the defen ce, you were planning 
something on the propulsion part. If you could throw some light on that. And also 
wanted to understand the next 3-4 years plan with respect to PTB. Because I 
understand that you are in talks with Aramco, Rolls -Royce, and also you are 
targeting basical ly a good addressable market with respect to exports. If you 
[[page 9]]
 Page 8 of 19  
could throw light on this, it would be very helpful. This is my first question. 
Second, I will come when first is completed. Thank you. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Okay. The first question is actually two questions, but happy to answer that. With 
respect to the CapEx for the defence facility, as I mentioned in my opening 
remarks, of the ₹231 crore that has been already incurred by the 31st of March 
this year, ₹78 crore has been for the defence facility. Of the balance, ₹109 crore, 
a small portion of that is also for the defence facility. But this multi-modal facility 
is now fully operable in Mysore at a short distance from our earlier facility. It will 
cater to not just propulsion shafting, but also a wide variety of other projects that 
the company has won. I'm combining the second part of your question with this 
in terms of the future market, both as far as defence is concerned, as well as 
gearboxes. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: As far as defence, yes, we have had significant and good success with the Indian 
Navy as far as mechanical products are concerned. For that, technology 
partnerships with some of the largest and best-known firms has been essential, 
and it will continue to happen in the future in order to be able to expand our value 
proposition to enable customers. However, the defence business is looking at 
other parts of Indian defence and providing mechanical solutions to them as we 
speak as well. We have no t had success with the Army or Navy. However, we 
anticipate that this year could be a breakthrough year for those two branches as 
well. Our hands are still full with the Indian Navy that actually has significant 
CapEx plans, not just this year, but also for the years going forward in terms of 
revamping and new builds of vessels as per the DPP, which has already been 
published and is available for you to download. 
 
With respect to the gears business, there are a variety of relationships that 
continue, primarily in terms of technology and development, et c. But I'm afraid 
we do not give forward -looking and advanced estimates. The fact is that the 
gearbox business now is a global one. We compete with all the global 
companies, both domestically as well as in their home countries. And we are 
now looking at that as the entire addressable market. Caveat to that is areas 
where, or rather third parties where we do not have AVL , approved vendor 
listings. Those are things that are being worked on very, very actively. One such 
company you've taken the name of in your question, and we are very 
aggressively working on getting those AVLs done so that we have absolutely no 
restrictions in the overall high speed gearbox market. 
 
But yet again, let me say that we don't give forward -looking estimates, et c. So 
I'm afraid I'm constrained to give you any future -looking numbers. What is your 
second question? 
 
Ashish Ajit Golechha: Second question is with respect to the Atmanirbhar Bharat and Make in India 
programmes, they are creating significant opportunities for indigeni sation of 
imported gearbox installations in PSU units, and this trend is further expected to 
increase. Wanted to understand how is the company focused for this aftermarket 
business as well as this defence business? Because the government itself is 
batting full like Sachin Tendulkar in this segment. How is the company targeting 
this vertical? If you could throw some light. Thank you. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Right. In terms of indigeni sation of technologies, actually, Triveni doesn't need 
to indigeni se any further technologies. As far as high-speed gearboxes are 
concerned, we have the entire gamut of technology. So neither do we need to 
partner with anybody, nor do we need to develop areas that we don't have 
technologies in. Yes, we continue to improve, and there's research and 
development to continue to improve. As far as Make in India or Buy in India is 
concerned, we've had the support of all parts of the Indian government, and we 
[[page 10]]
 Page 9 of 19  
have a huge market share. So, I don't see that as being any different in years 
past. 
 
With respect to specific defence applications like marine gearboxes, in that area, 
yes, we are seeing a lot of support by the Indian Navy, and we have been 
successful in gaining some orders. And there are many important tenders that 
are pending.  However, f or marine gearboxes, we do intend on having some 
collaborations for that specific thing. But t hat is not a high-speed gearbox, 
technically. It's sort of in between, to be very honest. And i t's a heavily 
specialised gearbox. We have a wide variety of relationships in that, and we are 
very hopeful of gaining the same kind of market share that we have in the high-
speed space across the country. 
 
With respect to aftermarket, we have a significant aftermarket team in-house that 
is able to reach a customer within 24 hours and I think a lot of our proposition for 
the aftermarket is very compelling, not just for India. A nd a s we roll it out 
internationally, it will be even more compelling. Now t his actually is catered 
towards other people's gearboxes, not Triveni -made gearboxes. And it's about 
not just replacing or repairing, but also about providing upgrades and 
downgrades technologically and providing  unique technological solutions to 
other people's and other make rs of gearboxes, of which we have pretty much 
repaired and refurbished almost every single make in our 50-year history. I hope 
that answers your question. 
 
Ashish Ajit Golechha: Thank you so much. Can we expect TPTL listing in next one year, please?  
 
Tarun Sawhney: I think I've just answered that question already earlier in the call. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Siddharth Shah from SRS 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Siddharth Shah: Thanks for taking my question. In the high-speed gearboxes, you mentioned the 
Pumps and Compressor segment. Are we also working on the Gas segment? I 
think in the last quarter you mentioned you're seeing a lot of traction there. Can 
that be a big growth leg for us going forward as well, especially in th e export 
market? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 100%. You're absolutely right. We are working on qualification orders. Because 
you see, the gas infrastructure domestically is very  very little, and it's only for a 
few models of gas turbines, of which we have been supplying those gearboxes. 
But the real growth in the gas market actually is in the medium and small scale. 
As gas turbines and engines get paired to data centres, especially in the United 
States and other parts of the world where there's been a boom in that sector. 
 
For us to partner with said OEMs that are supplying into that is a huge area of 
growth, and I anticipate successes in terms of being on the AVL of said 
companies in the next few quarters. We are in active discussions with all. There's 
a lot of marketing th at has been happening.  All the companies are familiar with 
Triveni, but for specific orders, we may need to have additional conversations. 
But it is something that the entire team and I are cognizant of as an opportunity 
and hope to develop quite significantly, especially this year and going forward. 
 
Siddharth Shah: Understood. And f rom a technology perspective, I know you just mentioned 
actually that we have the full gamut and range of technology required. That is 
not something we have to work on to get on these approved vendor lists for that 
end market. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: That is correct. 
 
[[page 11]]
 Page 10 of 19  
Siddharth Shah: Okay. Just my second question was, I think RENK, which seems to be a global 
competitor, had opened a local unit last year, so it may have ramped up fully. 
And then g iven very high market share in this segment, are we seeing more 
competitive intensity from them? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Yes. We are seeing RENK pop-up more in terms of tenders. I don't think it really 
has changed our competitive positioning. I think the value proposition that we 
bring is still very compelling. I can't comment on specific company because then 
I don't want to comment on RENK's operation s. What I can comment is on our 
history. This has happened in the past as well. 15 years ago, a very significant 
global firm had a test bench and packaging facility in India, and eventually they 
decided that it was not competitive, and they would focus on their home market, 
also in Europe. Another very significant name. 
 
As far as RENK is concerned, whether it is only for high-speed, because RENK 
actually has a huge portfolio of low speed as well as defence gearboxes and 
activities. I don't know what exactly is happening at that said facility. Competition 
for high-speed gearboxes, yes, we're seeing their name more. Are they winning 
more? No, I don't think so. 
 
Siddharth Shah: Got it. Thanks for that background. That helps. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question, please press * and 1. We 
take the next question from the line of Somnath Saha from 360 O NE Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Somnath Saha: A few bookkeeping questions. If you can help with the crushing numbers for the 
fiscal year along with net sugar recovery for FY26? 
 
Suresh Taneja: During the just concluded season for 2025-26, we crushed  825 lakh quintals 
with a gross recovery of 11.06%. 
 
Somnath Saha: Okay, secondly if you can help with the order inflow for the water business during 
the financial year? 
 
Suresh Taneja: Total orders received for water business during this year is ₹165 crore. 
 
Somnath Saha: ₹165 crore? 
 
Suresh Taneja: That's right. 
 
Somnath Saha: Thank you. Okay. As you've already mentioned, the CapEx for the gear business 
of ₹340 crore. Can you quickly just recap how much is for the defence part? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Yes. Of the ₹231 crore that has already been incurred by 31st of March, ₹78 
crore of that has been for the defen ce business. Of the ₹109 crore that is 
balanced, which will be incurred in Q1 FY27 and Q2 FY27, a smaller portion is 
still pending. I would anticipate about 40% of what is pending will be for the 
defence business. 
 
Somnath Saha: Okay. Thank you. Lastly, if you can give us a sense how much the maize landed 
cost come currently for your distillery part and how the margins are going on? 
 
Sameer Sinha: The maize cost over here right now is much lower than last year, and we are 
anticipating that it would be lower to the extent of about ₹0.75 to ₹0.80. However, 
we have to be careful in terms of the rupee depreciation because the exports to 
that extent increases. But otherwise, we are seeing a much lower pricing versus 
last year. 
 
[[page 12]]
 Page 11 of 19  
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Lakshminarayanan K.G. 
from Tunga Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Lakshminarayanan KG: Thank you. My questions are pertaining to the Power Transmission Business. If 
I just look at the business that is a part of. 
 
Moderator: Lakshmi, I do apologi se to interrupt you. But your audio is not coming in clear. 
Could you please use your handset and proceed with your question? 
 
Lakshminarayanan K.G.: I just want to understand the PT B business, and there is something that would 
come from CapEx related projects, and some of them would come from just 
refurbishment. For example, let's say in a cement factory, you have a captive 
power plant, and they want to change the gearbox after a coup le of years, you 
would have a play there. I want to understand, if you just look at the overall 
business mix, how much would come from the CapEx part and how much would 
come from these OpEx related things, and whether that has actually changed in 
the last one year? That is the first question related to domestic PTB business. 
 
Secondly, I understand that as we expand in international markets, one of the 
key reasons to succeed is to have distribution partners or tie -ups with certain 
firms who would actually in turn work with the end clients . It could be EPC 
contractors or whoever it is. So, in the second front, I just want to understand 
how our progress has been in the last one year, because I understand that we 
have been accelerating our partnerships in European markets in particular.  
 
Tarun Sawhney: Okay. I'm going to answer the question in terms of the way that we actually 
disclose data. It is slightly different with the way that you've asked the question. 
But I do appreciate how you've asked it. It is the way that one should actually 
look at sales, frankly speaking. We don't typically give out data to segment 
between original equipment sales as well as replacement sales of original 
equipment. Okay? Because, I'l l tell you why. The customer of ours is typically 
the same. For a new project, if we are selling to either a Siemens or a Mitsubishi 
or a Triveni Turbine s, or to Atlas Copco or a BHEL, and the list can go on. 
Typically, it is our OEMs that are securing the overall order with the end 
customer for a new gearbox.  
 
For aftermarket, the end third-party users, like a said cement company, contacts 
us and asks us for replacement. It could be of something that we had installed 
20-30 years ago, even earlier. It could also be of a replacement of somebody 
else's make. The vast majority are other people's makes. If I look at FY26, 
actually the percentages, typically about in previous years, historically, it has just 
been above 30-odd% that has been the aftermarket share. 
 
However in FY26, the aftermarket share was about 40% of overall gears. So 
that is part of the reason why even with slightly lower revenues, our profitability 
margins, et c are very good and remain unabated despite a slightly lower 
revenue and higher overheads, obviously as time has elapsed. That's one.  
 
Looking at this particular market globally, it remains exactly the same. You 
mentioned resellers and retailers.  So unlike low-speed gearboxes, which are 
catalog unit products are sold on an axis, frankly speaking, and can be stocked  
etc. Ours are heavily engineered gearboxes, which are customi sed to a 
particular requirement and a set of conditions, and therefore it has to be 
engineered and then supplied uniquely. So we can't operate within the same 
type of retail type system that other companies within the industrial landscape 
comply. However how we operate this, and it's a very good question, I'm happy 
to answer it, is through a different type of structure. The first thing, of course is 
that our OEMs are the same, broadly speaking. So if we are selling to the said 
[[page 13]]
 Page 12 of 19  
OEMs, be it Triveni Turbine s, Siemens, Atlas Copco, Mitsubishi, Sulzer, I'm 
giving you a smattering of names. The list is very, very extensive. 
 
It is the same OEMs that will buy in Germany, in France, in the U.K., in the 
United States, in Korea, in Japan. Wherever their offices are, wherever their 
plants are, they will be buying. So it is about marketing to the supply chain teams 
in said geographies. That is something that we do aggressively, and we do that 
internally. We don't outsource that. That is a critical part of our value proposition 
and something that actually creates a lot of s tickiness. Why does it create 
stickiness? Because we are able to give responses to enquiries in the shortest 
possible time.  And a  huge part of our IT development continuously is about 
reducing the time it takes to give very complex quotations so that an OEM of 
ours has that comfort that they can get it so much faster than anybody else that 
this is the firm to partner with going forward. That has been part of our USP.  
 
Now getting on to third-party AVLs is very important, especially when we look at 
the oil and gas segment.  People who buy on American Petroleum Institute 
compliance norms. That, of course, is an ongoing process. We have had a huge 
amount of success. In the last 3 years, it has been massive, much more than I 
personally anticipated. However w e are not fully there. There are still some 
critical companies around the world.  We don't disclose names, but I would just 
assure you that we are working on, and we expect even more success this year. 
Hopefully the next couple of years, we should be covered with pretty much 
everybody of note around the world or anybody of importance around the world. 
 
Having said that, our aftermarket business globally is one where we can work 
with partners. And w e have accelerated agencies, so having agents in local 
countries that can go out and do. These are small mechanical companies that 
have engineers, et c that can go out, do dimensions, have relationships with 
third-party users, and secure aftermarket business for us  because aftermarket 
business needs proximity. It needs somebody to be at the site, take dimensions 
and convince end users that Triveni is the solution provider for any problem, 
especially when it's a gearbox of somebody else's make. 
 
That is a program me that is ongoing. That is a program me that needs a lot of 
strategic attention by the business and by the marketing teams. Yes, we've had 
successes, but there is a long way to go as far as that is concerned. 
Domestically, our aftermarket business is handled by a very professional and 
strong team in Mysore, which has decades of relationships with OEMs. So we 
don't need anybody else to be able to do that. In fact, we're the first port of call 
for not just our gearboxes, but everybody's gearb oxes pretty much across the 
country. I hope that answers your question. 
 
Lakshminarayanan K.G.: Yeah, that's helpful. Just one more question. If I just do a cursory glance across 
some of the results by steel companies, cement companies, and paper 
companies, et c, I get a mixed view that some of the cement companies are 
reducing their CapEx, even the large ones, and some of the steel companies 
want to sharpen their CapEx, and they want to actually debottleneck and things 
like that. How much of that is actually, whic h from your vantage point you are 
seeing, that potentially would give some kind of a pathway into one or two years 
ahead? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: So you asked a very important question, very honestly speaking, and I can't offer 
you any core numbers. But I can offer you a sentimental picture, very honestly. 
In Q3 and Q4, we did see domestic Indian industry relooking at the way that they 
were incurring CapEx. That had an impact. That had an impact in terms of our 
OEMs, etc. However a lot of that has changed in Q1. In Q1, we've seen a huge 
amount of domestic enquiries coming from the 2 sectors that you mentioned, 
plus a whole load more. 
[[page 14]]
 Page 13 of 19  
 
It is the same trend that actually happens globally, except globally, it's a much 
larger market with the same industries and many many more players that 
actually are there. I think the rupee depreciation will make exports this year, and 
this quarter, next quarter, et c going forward, very very competitive and 
compelling. So as you see a realignment, basically Rupees and Dollars and 
Euros being spent more carefully with more care in terms of efficiency, et c, I 
think that TPTL will actually be a great benefici ary for that, simply because of 
our price point, simply because of our efficiencies, and because of our time to 
produce and deliver. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question, please press * and 1. We 
take the next question from the line of Tanuj Na ngalia from SKP Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Tanuj Nangalia: Thanks for the opportunity. Can I get to know what is the EBITDA margin impact 
after the demerger? Do we see any positive side or negative side in the PTB 
business? 
 
Suresh Taneja: As regards to the PTB business, it has got its own dynamics, as a matter of fact. 
So far, we have been maintaining about 35% PBIT. I think the same trend is 
expected to continue in future also. 
 
Tanuj Nangalia: Okay. My second question will be, can you give me a breakup of how much was 
the ethanol production through maize, if that is not a mistake? 
 
Sameer Sinha: So we can talk about the product mix of this year, wherein the total maize over 
here was about 33%, versus it come down a little bit from 44%, but that was 
largely because the ESY tender said that 40% of all grain allocation has to come 
from FCI rice. 
 
Tanuj Nangalia: Okay. And w hat was the breakup of the entire grain portion of the total 
production? 
 
Sameer Sinha: In the total product mix, it was about 56% was the grain feedstock. 
 
Tanuj Nangalia: Okay. Can you give us an expectation about crushing numbers? Will this season 
be better than the previous season or something in that line? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: If one had a magic ball, we would certainly be able to tell you. If you refer to my 
opening remarks, in early June, the only thing that we can talk about is planting. 
Let me just go over the process, because I think it's important that you 
understand the entire process and what one can expect over weeks and 
calendar months. 
 
The planting in Uttar Pradesh classically starts off in the month of March and 
finishes just after wheat harvesting and  can conclude by the end of May. 
However, this year it was concluded by the first half of May. By the 10th of May, 
pretty much all of it was concluded in the state of Uttar Pradesh. And this was 
pretty good because one was expecting a very hot summer, and planting is not 
ideal at very very hot temperatures because the germination gets infected. The 
next process after that is, because intern ally we have got enough checks and 
controls to figure out how much planting has happened. 
 
But y ou have an official survey that is done for the Uttar Pradesh state 
government. The process starts in June and finishes in July. That is the next 
process that is underway. We can happily report that there is an increase in area 
under cane, which will be certified during the upcoming survey process. 
However, even until early July, the mons oon hits around about that time as far 
[[page 15]]
 Page 14 of 19  
as Uttar Pradesh is concerned. And that is the most important hurdle in terms of 
the grand growth period. The veracity, strength, duration, spread, and quantum 
of rainfall that happens. 
 
All of these little factors are important contributors. How much rain, how well it's 
spread out, and where it is, and how dispersed it is. These are important 
parameters that we will not know the result of that until we come to August. From 
August onwards, you have the second stage of grand growth period, which then 
continues and then of course, we have more detailed internal surveys that 
continue and we have a better projection of the crop. 
 
Today, with the technologies that Triveni has invested in, including overhead 
drone and satellite coverage, and a much better ability, in fact, with the work that 
we've done in the last six months should substantially improve our predictive 
capabilities fo r the upcoming season. Because of exposure to newer 
technologies and newer AI and ML models, I think that will give us a much better 
picture as we approach the start of the season to have more effective control 
and analysis of how much cane is there. 
 
But at this point in time, it is very difficult to tell, because what we know is that 
the planting has happened, it's been better, and disease thus far compared to 
last year has been much  much better than before, pest, not disease. Pest has 
been much, much better than before. So it looks good, but there is so much 
more to come. 
 
Tanuj Nangalia: Okay. Got it. Thank you so much for that detailed explanation. Just last question. 
Compared to last year, your distillery business has performed very well. So I 
wanted to know whether the conversion costs has decreased in the business or 
not compared to FY25? 
 
Sameer Sinha: Yeah. So compared to that, the conversion cost, definitely after accounting for 
by-product credit, et c., has significantly come down. And this coupled with the 
decrease in the raw material cost has led to the significant turnaround in the 
performance of the business. 
 
Tanuj Nagalia: Okay. Can you give me a number, like how much the conversion cost has 
decreased in the percentage terms? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: We try not to give that. 
 
Tanuj Nagalia: Okay. Got it. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from 
360 ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: Yeah. Good evening, everyone. So I had a few questions. The first one is on the 
working capital. The short -term debt is very  very high compared to inventory 
position. So I would assume that a large part of it is also due to the Water 
business. Is it possible to quantify the kind of receivables, et c., we have in the 
Water business? 
 
Suresh Taneja: I think the total receivables are about ₹500 crore. If you look at water business, 
that will be approximately about ₹125 crore to ₹150 crore that is because of the 
nature of their business. Mostly they do EPC business, so therefore, the 
receivables are normally higher in this kind of an industry. Now as far as the cash 
credit is concerned, you must realise that there has been an increase in the cane 
price also. As a result of increase in cane price, you require a higher working 
capital. So t hat's why the short -term borrowings is little higher. Now t his is 
something which you would find from the month April onwards, it would very 
[[page 16]]
 Page 15 of 19  
rapidly start decreasing, so that by September or October or so, it would almost 
be at zero level. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: Okay. That's useful. Secondly, this policy of maize versus broken rice, how do 
we read it? I mean, y ou had earlier mentioned that because of maize prices 
falling, the ethanol profitability will improve, but that doesn't seem to be 
happening, despite maize prices falling. Where is the guarantee that the 
government policy on rice versus maize will continue interfering with our ethanol 
EBITDA in the future as well? If you could give us some colour on the FY27 grain 
EBITDA on some ethanol, plus from maize? 
 
Sameer Sinha: So in terms of the profitability of the distillery, it's gone up significantly, and that's 
also to do largely with the performance of the grain distilleries, which I just 
mentioned, wherein both the conversion costs as well as the raw material costs 
have come down significantly and  therefore enhance the profitability. And we 
have been very dynamically looking at all the feedstocks that are possible, and 
in terms of broken rice, we find maize far more competitive as of now. 
 
In terms of the EBITDA going forward, it would all depend on what you are able 
to the next ethanol tender year. And t hat is something, and what are the 
conditions over there that we need to be aware of, and how much quantum do 
we get. And having said that, let's say that maize has the largest margin, followed 
by C molasses that we are seeing. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: But Rajesh, your question also alludes to the government's prerogatives and 
what they are looking at. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: Yes. That’s right. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: I think a reali sation around that is very important. And while Sameer and I are 
trying to give you that rational expectation, the government's imperatives at a 
particular point in time, especially in October, November, become most 
paramount. So my reading is that the government is trying not to push maize 
after having pushed it a lot, to be perfectly honest. And it is also because India 
has now been in the newspapers about its massive number one rice, you have 
huge stocks, etc. A lot of publicity about rice, the quantum of rice in the country, 
and the balances, etc. And so logically, it showcases to me that the push is going 
to be towards rice. Now t here is a huge difference in the margin structure, 
whether we look at FCI rice, or we look at broken rice, or we look at any other 
variant of rice.  And f rankly speaking, I think that is the nimbleness and the 
discretion that MoPNG and the various government departments that have an 
impact on the EBP policy will have in terms of pushing out the margins, etc. The 
very good thing is that unless a proper price increase is given, you're not going 
to see huge increases in available quantities as we start looking at massive 
quantities for E85. Will that happen for the ethanol blending year for 2027/2028? 
I think that's a bit premature, t o be honest. But it will certainly be something to 
be considered for subsequent years. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: Sure. And one last question from my side is, what is the export mix in the PTB 
business for the year? And we had earlier, actually, a related question because 
we had earlier been talking about the fact that after the technology tie -up with 
Lufkin ended, we'll have access to a lot of global markets, and the export share 
will continuously go up. So what has happened in this regard, and when do we 
see that kind of playing out in our numbers? Yeah. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Rajesh, I am not going to answer your question. I'll tell you why. The real reason 
is because Q4 was not a good quarter for the PTB business. It is a blip. It is a 
significant blip, but it is a blip of one quarter in time due to global changes where 
we had a lot of gearboxes that were scheduled to be exported that are in finished 
[[page 17]]
 Page 16 of 19  
goods in the business and are not exported and  will be exported during this 
quarter and some in the following quarter. 
 
Now t he trend towards higher exports is certainly there. The enquiry book is 
massively skewed towards export orders, both from domestic OEMs as well as 
global OEMs taking product out of the country. And t hat has an impact on 
profitability, margins, et c., obviously, and is an exciting growth trend for the 
business. But to reflect on the data of the year gone by in terms of that increasing 
trend, unfortunately, does not give you the accurate picture because of the 
events of Q4. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: Right. I mean, so how should we read it going forward in that case? If you could 
give us some colour as to what proportion, say 2-3 years out, the exports would 
be as a percentage of sales from the PTB business, that could also be useful.  
 
Tarun Sawhney: Yeah. I think the growth target says that exports, as far as original equipment is 
concerned, should be more than half in the very near future. A lot of it is going 
to come from Indian OEMs exporting their products coupled with the gearbox 
abroad, as well as deliveries of gearbox to global OEMs. More than 50% in the 
very very near future. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: Got it. That's useful. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Resham Jain from VVD 
Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Resham Jain: Yeah, hi. I have three questions. First one is, in the defence business, what kind 
of order size which we can have? Like is it like a smaller, piecemeal kind of 
orders, or these are like typically larger orders? What is that we are looking for? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Okay. Resham, the orders in the defence business, I don't know what you would 
define as large or small, but if I look at it from the perspective of a gearbox , 
because that is the business where our defence business has been incubated 
and is growing. It is a much larger size than the value of a gearbox, okay. 
 
So from our perspective, it is a significant value and order business. Now the 
orders that we've been receiving are in double-digit crore to triple-digit crore. The 
delivery of said orders is between one or two years, sometimes to three or four 
years. We are yet to receive orders that are part of the 10-year programmes, etc. 
I think we're well on the way in terms of getting those orders. And you can just 
multiply the size, frankly speaking. 
 
The good thing, of course, is that a lot of the orders that we're getting are 
repeatable, which means that the government has and the Indian Navy has the 
ability, without a fresh tender, of assigning it to the person that has won it the 
first time over. That is why technical decisions that are being taken now under 
the latest DPP are very important, especially for a company like Triveni. 
 
Resham Jain: Understood. Got it. The second and the third question is with respect to the 
overall sugar business, where given the overall volatility in policies in the last 
two, three years, the tilt towards CapEx is more in the engineering business, 
while we are a little slow, I guess, on the sugar. But going forward with the overall 
mix of ethanol being changing from sugar towards grains, how are we looking at 
the overall CapEx, let's say in the next 2-3 years, just from a thought’s 
perspective? And f rom where the growth can come in the sugar business 
overall? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Right. Okay, so there are multiple places where growth can come. Within sugar, 
of course, there's so much work that is happening on varietal replacement of 
[[page 18]]
 Page 17 of 19  
238. So a dding the yields and therefore top -line growth by processing more 
cane. The addition of the Shamli factory and the return of Shamli to its crush 
levels that are expected by our management team is another area of increase.  
From a profitability perspective, the CapEx that are presently being incurred is 
only to lower the cost of production within sugar. 
 
Turning towards the distillery business, I think the ethanol tender this year has 
been a huge disappointment. R2, R3, we should have been at R4. We haven't 
even had R2 this year. And so t he growth organically in the ethanol business 
that should have happened has not actually happened this year, and I anticipate 
in future years you will see that. 
 
Having said that, for Triveni, we are seeing some capacities being de -
bottlenecked, and most importantly, we have the distillery at Shamli, which has 
not operated since we acquired the unit, that will add to our capacity and top line 
for the distillery bus iness. This is without incurring any new CapExes for 
greenfield or brownfield expansion. So this is just organic growth. Of course, with 
the cash flows that the company is generating, you can look forward to 
favourable policy -related greenfield and brownfi eld expansions within our 
commodities business of sugar and distillery. 
 
Resham Jain: Okay. Understood. Yeah, that's it from my side. All the best. Thank you. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Siddharth Shah from SRS 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Siddharth Shah: Yeah, thanks. I just had one question on the aftermarket business. I just broadly 
wanted to understand why are the OEMs, why are the other manufacturers we 
are competing with letting this business go and letting us kind of replace or 
refurbish their gears? Is it just a question of cost or are there some other factors 
at play? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: I'll answer your question in detail. It really depends on what the aftermarket 
solution is, okay. So what exactly is aftermarket solution? It could be, and it's not 
limited to, is a gearbox that fails , okay. What you do is you get the exact same 
gearbox with the same dimensions and replace it. A second solution could be 
that your bull gear or some of your gear teeth get chipped off, and during the 
annual maintenance, you do some replacement of parts, or perh aps the entire 
gear train, or you d o a bearing replacements, et c., or wear and tear. That's the 
second. The third could be a speed upgrade and a speed downgrade. The fourth 
could be a complete refurbishment because the footprint of where the gearbox 
actually sits does not change.  It adds value, and you can go out and put in a 
much bigger gearbox in the same footprint designed by a company like Triveni, 
for example. It's part of our compelling value proposition. 
 
And t hen there are other variants of aftermarket sales and service. What 
distinguishes us in each one of these various segments is different . In the 
classical aftermarket that you probably were thinking about, there, what our 
value proposition is that we can deliver much faster than anybody, anywhere in 
the world. Even if we have to ship this 3,000 miles, 4,000 miles, we can do it 
delivered faster than anybody, which means our time to manufacture sometimes, 
because of our supply chain initiatives, because o f our stocking policies, et c., 
can be 2-3 months. We have the capacity. We are able to do it. 
 
For global firms, I am led to understand by my teams that this could be as high 
as 12 months. So there's a substantial difference in terms of the time period. To 
get mission-critical, as you can appreciate, a gearbox is tied to a turbine or a 
[[page 19]]
 Page 18 of 19  
compressor or a pump or an alternator. It is a much smaller value than what it is 
coupled to at either end, but it is just as mission -critical. So if a gearbox goes 
down, a plant goes down. It's just as bad as if a compressor goes down or a 
turbine goes down or an alternator goes down, the plant goes down. So it is the 
same type of criticality, frankly speaking. And therefore, for a customer that has 
broken gear teeth, for example, for them to find a time, an appropriate solution 
is very very important. 
 
We have some other tricks of the trade in terms of how we do dimension  ready 
sites, and we do a lot of pre-activity work, and we work with our third-party users 
in helping them with predictions, et c. All of these things are more on the 
relationship side, and they work very beautifully, which is why domestically we 
have such a fantastic market share because of the service that we can provide. 
That is not product. Now I'm coming to the service side of i t. Internationally, it's 
going to be a challenge. Obviously, because we're based in India. We don't have 
somebody sitting in Argentina. We don't have somebody sitting in South Korea. 
I'm just taking two countries' names as examples.  And h ow we're going to 
develop solutions around that will be with local partners, and then as the 
business progresses with other Triveni staff that sit in international locations, etc. 
But that is something that we will have to bridge. Not just on the product side, 
but also being able to add the service, which then leads into guaranteeing 
product orders. But it's a complex arrangement. I think the fact that we can do it 
at a lower price point also plays a very significant part of the value proposition.  
Sometimes we are a fraction of what is usually offered by the original equipment 
gearbox manufacturer to a client. A fraction  and y et, it's a highly profitable 
business for us. 
 
Siddharth Shah: Got it. Sorry, just to clarify, I think our aftermarket time to delivery is one of our 
competitive strengths, the fact that we have like a dedicated aftermarket bay of 
facilities just focused on that, where maybe some other people won't. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: I'm glad that you asked that question. Yes, the new aftermarket bay facility is to 
further accelerate the time for delivery. We are looking at further meeting what 
we do well already. Why? Because today, to be able to export an aftermarket 
solution needs even faster time because we can't do anything to accelerate 
shipping. So what can we do from a production perspective to be even faster? 
And we've done that already. The team that runs the aftermarket part of this 
business is extremely entrepreneurial. They are constantly reinventing the 
product and the solution. And part of that, of course, was the infrastructure for 
that was in the new repair facility in Mysore. 
 
Siddharth Shah: Okay. This is very helpful. Thank you so much for clarifying all this. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Tarun Sawhney for his closing comments. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us for this earnings 
conference call. I think we've had a productive discussion. We're at a very 
important inflection point for Triveni. The growth trajectory for TPTL looks 
extremely robust. We're very  excited about the new journey, as that company 
and that business also completes its 50th year, a year worth being celebrated. 
 
As far as Triveni Engineering is concerned, there's a lot of excitement in both the 
commodities parts of the business. I think it's unfortunate that El Ni no has such 
a devastating impact, but for the sugar industry, it can only be considered 
positive in some respects. As far as the distillery business is concerned, we've 
seen with what's happened with oil prices, with the rupee, and with the 
government's renewed push and look at higher blends and more ethanol.  I'm 
personally very excited about the next path of that business as well. 
[[page 20]]
 Page 19 of 19  
 
Our water business, too, continues very , very well in terms of its progress as 
well. I look forward to discussing both Triveni Engineering and Triveni Power 
Transmission with you separately in August. Thank you very much. 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, consistency 
with published information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be 
incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings of the event but should not be treated 
as an authoritative record. 
 