[[page 1]]
'- +91 1204308100 
lit +911204311010/11 
; www.lrivenigroup.com 
By E-filing 
Date' 1 1 til November 2025 REF'TEIL'SE' , 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
PJ. Tower, Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI - 400 001 MUMBAI - 400 051 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre Thru; NEAPS 
STOCK CODE: 532356 STOCK CODE: TRIVENI 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 07th November, 2025 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBl (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
transcript of the Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 07th November, 2025 post 
announcement of unaudited financial results of the Company for the Q2 & HI FY26 
ended on September 30, 2025. The transcript is also available' on the website of the 
Company at: www.trivenigroup.com 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd. 
GEETA BHALLA 
Group Vice President & 
Company Secretary 
M.No. A9475 
Encl: As above 
Corporate Office: 8'" Floor, Express Trade Towers. Plot 15 & 16, Sector 16-A, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201301 , India. 
Registered Office: A-44. Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extension, Noida-201 305, Uttar Pradesh. CIN No.: L15421UP1932PLC022174 
GEETA 
BHALLA
Digitally signed by 
GEETA BHALLA 
Date: 2025.11.11 
19:25:22 +05'30'
[[page 2]]
 Page 1 of 14 
  
 
 
Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Triveni Engineering & 
Industries Limited Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Rishab Barar: Thank you. Good day , everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you 
participating in the Triveni Engineering & Industries Q2 and H1 FY26 earnings 
conference call. We have with us today, Mr. Tarun Sawhney , Vice Chairman 
and Managing Director , Mr. Suresh Taneja , Group CFO , Mr. Sameer Sinha , 
CEO of Sugar Business Group , Mr. Rajiv Rajpal, CEO of Power Transmission 
Business as well as other members of the senior management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward -looking in nature and a statement to this effect has 
been included in the invite which was shared with everyone earlier . I would 
also like to emphasize that while this call is open to all invitees, it may not be 
broadcasted or reproduced in any form or manner. We will commence this call 
with opening remarks from the management fo llowing an interactive question -
and-answer session. 
 
May I now hand it over to Mr. Tarun Sawhney. Over to you, sir. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Thank you very much, Rishab . Good afternoon , ladies and gentlemen , and 
welcome to the Q2  & H1 FY26 earnings conference call for Triveni 
Engineering & Industries Limited . The key numbers for this half year are the 
revenues from operations increased by about 18.4% to just over ₹3,300 crore. 
The PBT stood at ₹32 crore v/s ₹11.5 crore for the same period for the last half 
year, and the PAT stood at ₹23.5 crore against ₹8.6 crore for the previous 
corresponding period . We have quite a lot to discuss on this call, and there 
have been lots of important announcements and movements in the markets 
effective in all of our businesses, and I hope to be able to cover all of that over 
the next 60 minutes or so. 
 
The net turnover for H1 increased, as I mentioned, by 18 %, supported by a 
21% increase in Sugar and its allied businesses, and an 8 % increase in the 
Engineering Businesses of the company. In Q2, the net turnover increased by 
14%, which was supported by a healthy double -digit growth across both 
business segments. There's a healthy increase in profitability in H1 and Q2 
FY26, supported mainly by improvements in the Distillery operations, which is 
something that we discussed on the last earnings conference cal l, which we 
stepped right and managed to really emerge quite well as far as our Distillery 
[[page 3]]
 Page 2 of 14 
  
performance is concerned, and also encouraging performances  from our 
engineering business. 
 
The Power Transmission Business secured another successful healthy 
quarter. The Sugar Business profitability remained a little subdued, however, in 
this quarter, in view of the major period of the half  year off -season and no 
manufacturing happening during the quarter under review. 
 
The gross debt of the company has, on the 30th of September 2025, increased 
to ₹505 crore, compared to ₹383 crore a year-ago. The standalone debt for the 
period under review compromises of term loans of ₹310 crore, out of which 
approximately ₹160 crore are with interest subvention. 
 
On a consolidated debt basis, our numbers are ₹753 crore of gross debt 
compared to ₹536 crore on the 30th of September 2024, and our overall cost 
of funds stand at 6.4% in Q2 FY26, which is about 30 basis points lower than 
the 6.7% in the previous corresponding period . That's quite a positive 
movement. 
 
Turning to the business -wise review. In the Sugar Business, the revenues for 
H1 increased by 22%, supported by a 14% increase in Sugar dispatches, and 
a 4% increase in realis ations. For Q2, the revenue increase was 27%, 
supported by 15% volume growth, and 5% in realisations. Both, of course, 
were very important for the performance of the sugar part of our business. 
 
The substantial period of H1 FY26 and the entire Q2 FY26 represents the off-
season period and no manufacturing operations takes place during Q2 FY26. 
And, therefore, all expenses relating to that have been expensed out . The 
results also include income of ₹16.81 crore of the Sugar business arising from 
the upward revision of the power tariff announced by UPERC with ef fect for the 
1st of April 2024. The increase in the cost of sugar sold could not be fully offset 
by higher sugar realis ation price and higher sales volume is the most notable 
point for the Sugar business for this quarter under review. 
 
Our inventory from the 3 0th of September stood at 16.9 lakh quintals, which is 
valued at ₹37.4 per kilo. I’ll just to give you some data points , the previous 
quarter, 30th of June quarter , we had 44.55 lakh quintals valued also at ₹37.4 
per kilo. And, lastly, on the 30th of September 2024, we had 20.6 lakh quintals 
valued at ₹35 approximately per kilo. 
 
The reduction in the inventory is in line with the reduction in the national 
inventory levels as well , so to give you that comparison on the 30th of 
September we had approximately 8 million ton nes and this year at the end of 
September we have 6 million tonnes of stock. So, for us, it's been slightly lower 
than 25 %, which is good , because October and November , of course , has 
higher sugar prices . And all of our sugar from last year will certainly be 
liquidated by early January of this year, so everything in this particular quarter. 
 
Looking at the industry scenario , as I mentioned , we start this year with a 6 
million tonne opening stock and an anticipated domestic production of about 
31 million ton nes. These are all numbers for the Tr iveni estimates . Domestic 
sales we still believe that we will see some stockpiling and some build up 
across over the course of the year . And, therefore, we assume sales of 
approximately 28 million tonnes very similar to last year and a closing stock of 
about 7 million tonnes. S o this considers diversion of  3.25 million tonnes of 
sugar into ethanol and about 2 million tonnes of exports . Broadly speaking , 
those are the numbers that we're looking at . So, we're anticipating that over 
the next few weeks , DPSD and the Government of India will announce an 
[[page 4]]
 Page 3 of 14 
  
export program. As we're well aware, I will, of course, talk about global prices, 
etc., and the issues regarding Indian exports as we go forward. 
 
The UP government has recently raised the SAP by ₹30 rupees for Sugar  
Season 2025-2026. This very frankly puts pressure on the profitability of sugar 
producers in Uttar Pradesh and necessitates a review in our eyes of the MSP, 
and urgently by the Government of India to bring it in line with input costs . We 
believe that MSP revision is being contemplated by the Government of India, 
and there are greater chances that that will fructify over the next few weeks. 
And this was, of course, a very different position than we were in last year. 
 
There have been many representations made by the State Millers Association, 
as well as private millers to the government of Uttar Pradesh for subsidies with 
respect to the enhanced SAP, a record SAP that has been announced by the 
UP-State Government. One, measure that we have already received is a 
reduction in the molasses reservation. On B, that is a reduction of 19 % to 18% 
percent. On C, it works out a reduction from 26.18 % to 24.84%, about a 1.34% 
improvement, and it's effectively just under a rupee in terms of cane price 
impact. So not substantial, but something. 
 
We are also anticipating an increase in the transportation allowances. Possibly 
up to ₹3 is what has been requested, which we'll equate to between ₹1 and 
₹1.5 on cane. We're also looking at an increase in the country liquor reserved 
price, and that is something that has been contemplated over the next few 
months. And, again, that will result in a few rupees on cane in terms of benefit. 
 
The industry has also asked for direct subsidy to help ensure that cane prices 
are paid duly, and the farmers focus on the transportation of sugarcane for the 
following season. I think this is something that the industry and the government 
of India are very much aligned, that they want all the marginal lands that will be 
diverted to other crops, including maize, frankly speakin g, to be diverted back 
to sugarcane and work to be done very proactively in t erms of enhancement of 
recovery. And, thereby, impacting the farmer's take -home income, especially , 
next year when we move into the election period as far as the State of Uttar 
Pradesh is concerned. 
 
Looking briefly at the international scenario.  The latest estimates point towards 
an over 4 million tonne surplus. In fact, it's pointing to an even higher surplus 
than that. And that has had a massive impact on international sugar prices. If 
we look at the March contract, it's at $407 per tonne for whites, and 
December's at $412 . So these are multi, multi -year lows, as far as the market 
is concerned. 
 
And at these prices, Indian sugar being exported would be a great challenge. 
However, the requests that have been made to DP SD that the industry be 
given a much longer period to evacuate the 2 million tonne assumption that 
one has taken for the exported sugar . And if that is granted, and we do have 
the benefit of, let's say, three quarters to export that quantity, there is a very 
real likelihood that we will have an opportunity to be able to do it. 
 
And also with an early announcement  of exports, we may have factories in 
Maharashtra if they so choose to, for cash flow reasons or others, export raw 
sugar, if the market corrects ever so slightly from here. So , these are very 
definitive possibilities, et c., and we do see this as an essential component to 
maintaining sugar prices as we go forward . Despite the large amount of sugar 
being produced, the smaller diversion to ethanol that had been anticipated, 
and a challenging position to be able to export, I still believe that we will have 
moderate sugar prices over the coming year. I don't necessarily see any cause 
[[page 5]]
 Page 4 of 14 
  
of any alarm, and neither do I see any real reason for any massive increase in 
domestic prices, and they will, of course, vary. 
 
If we do manage to secure the 2 million tonne export, and this which means 
that we will have a 7 million tonne opening stock on the 30th of September  
2026, I think that will bode well. We will perhaps be able to reach forward as 
we come towards the end of the next sugar year. I think it's an interesting 
scenario. I think, all the bad news has been factored in . I think, from this point 
onwards, we will certainly look at more positive news. 
 
Turning towards the Alcohol business. The sales during the quarter were down 
by 6%. Consequently, the closing stock, and this was because of the supply 
disruption due to an export fee notification . The closing stock of alcohol stood 
at 167 lakh litres at the end of September, compared to 62 lakh litres last year. 
But we've liquidated a lot of that, and a lot of that closing stock has been 
evacuated over the last 5 weeks, and of course, a lot more to be able to return 
us to a position of normalcy. 
 
The average realisation price during Q2 is lower due to an increase in the 
share of ethanol produced from FCI Rice. We have registered a significant 
improvement in the profitability on the back  of correction of input prices, 
particularly maize, and a much stronger focus on cost optimization . I'd like to 
give you just so me comparison and some ballpark estimates. We started 
procuring maize from Bihar in April-May, and that was at a delivered factory 
gate average of approximately ₹22.5 at that particular point in time. 
 
The last few prices of UP maize, which rose, of course , we started procuring at 
a lower price than it rose, but the last price was at about ₹23.30 mill gates 
delivered and as an average across all of our distilleries . And right now, we are 
getting Madhya Pradesh maize, which of course has a better starch cont ent 
and significantly better quality than UP maize, and we are receiving that at the 
factory gate at ₹20 per kilo.  I do believe that with this 60 -40 limits that have 
been placed by MoPNG in the ethanol tender, we will continue to see softness 
in maize pric es. I am not sure if the government will look at export of ethanol, 
but if maize prices go down, I think that could be a very real possibility and 
something that the government could look at in terms of alleviating the 
pressure on standalone distillers, especially processing maize. 
 
But I think that over the next few months, the Madhya Pradesh crop looks very 
good with descending prices, and as we move towards the Bihar crop, which is 
important for UP -based grain procurers like ourselves, that will also start with 
sufficient softness. So I think from a grain perspective and from an input cost 
perspective, I think, we are looking pretty good. 
 
Ethanol constituted 92% of alcohol sales in Q2 compared to 93% in the 
previous corresponding quarter . The sale of ethanol ENA produced from 
sugarcane-based feedstocks constituted 46% of total alcohol sales in Q2, 44% 
in the previous corresponding quarter, while ethanol ENA produced from grain 
contributed to the balance 54%, which was obviously 56% in the previous 
corresponding quarter. 
 
Looking at the industry scenario for ESY 2025-2026 in cycle 1, the OMCs have 
secured almost the entire amount, so 1,048 crore litres , against 1,050 crore 
litres, which was the overall amount. We believe that cycle 2, 3 and 4 will have 
a minimum of another 200 crore litres, perhaps even more . Now, you may be 
wondering what does that mean in terms of the overall blend estimate and it 
points to a higher blend than 20 %. Yes, I think so. I think that we will even 
without noticing it in certain parts of the country , probably have a blend that is 
a little bit higher than 20%. 
[[page 6]]
 Page 5 of 14 
  
 
However, the elephant in the room really is what happens afterwards , because 
as you all know there was a massive amount of 1 ,776 that was tendered for 
the OMCs against the 1 ,048. And, of course, that does not include the private 
parties, Nayara and Reliance , but that also means that we have a massive 
quantity. 
 
In fact, our estimates are that the country's production is north of 2,300 crore 
litres in terms of alcohol production  and that does not include distilleries, which 
are nearing finalization or operational readiness, which there are several 
across the country . It's a positive number to that 2 ,300 crore litres. It means 
that we have to, of course, find the solution. The government is acutely aware 
of finding such solution. I think it is a troublesome point and it's difficult to 
ascertain where we're going to go, but certainly the decisions have to be taken 
for this excess quantity that exists across the country. 
 
The procurement price for FCI ethanol in the last tender has been revised from 
₹58.5 a litre to ₹60.32 in line with the increase of t he administered price of FCI 
Rice from ₹22.5 per kilo to ₹23.2 per kilo . The EOI for 2025-2026 has 
stipulated a condition that vendor s should offer a minimum 40% of the total 
grain offer based on FCI Rice from Q1 to Q3 for this present ethanol supplier. 
And that is exactly why we have seen a great softness in maize prices, which 
will reflect in our profitability in this quarter and subsequent quarters as well. 
 
Looking very quickly at what it means for us, we have been very successful in 
our secured quantities, but that does not mean that we are projecting a higher 
supply of ethanol through the OMCs and private marketing companies . And of 
course, the ENA that we produce, the total quantum of alcohol produced by 
Triveni for this year ethanol supplier is projected at higher than what we had 
last year. 
 
We do need to secure certain , a few crore of supplies in cycle 2 , 3, and 4, 
which we anticipate broadly speaking , distributed equitably will be in molasses  
and grain, are just north of about 4 crore litres. So it's not a huge amount, but it 
is an important amount that we need to secure and supply. And that will allow 
us to actually produce at the most efficient capacity, which is something that 
the units across the group are completely focused on, and allow us actually to 
lower our cost of production and cost of conversion as well, which is something 
that, as I mentioned, even in the last quarterly call, that we are looking at with 
a very, very fine tooth comb for Triveni. 
 
Turning quickly to the Power Transmission Business , and firs t of our 
Engineering Businesses. The order book, during the quarter under review, was 
definitely a little subdued . However, our visibility, our inquiries, has been quite 
remarkable. I'm very happy, I believe there is an anomaly in terms of the 
particular quarter under review. I think there was a lot of g lobal factors that 
came to play  tariffs being one of them, also events that were happening in 
West Asia, events that were happening in Eastern Euro pe, events that are 
happening in other parts of the world that led to a little bit of uncertainty where 
as far as our global customers are concerned . However, our overall numbers 
for the year still remain unabated. We're certainly looking at  achieving a very 
robust double -digit growth in order booking, turnover and profitability for this 
financial year . And as I mentioned, despite the movement in this operating 
environment, and after absorbing the incremental costs related to capacity 
increase, our PBT margins have improved by more than 400 basis points . And 
this is essentially due to 2 very important factors. Number one, a very good 
product mix. So the focus of the business in terms of really attuning our 
product mix in delivering the maximum profitability is something that has 
happened. And the second is a very str ong focus on cost optimization.  And 
[[page 7]]
 Page 6 of 14 
  
when I talk about the future, I will talk about initiatives that have happened and 
that will happen in the future, which will allow continual improvement in both of 
these 2 levers and the emergence of other lev ers as well to ensure success of 
this business as we go forward. 
 
During the first half year of FY26, I'm delighted to report that we have 
registered 9 new OEM customers in our product segment. And some of them 
are marquee industry names globally. And this is very, very important to share , 
because I mentioned in previous calls that we're doing a lot of work in terms of 
qualification orders. This is the result of this qualification orders , where we are 
now delivering those products  and hoping that it will result in a significant 
increase as far as orders to new critical customers globally. 
 
With respect to the Water Business , the  results on the consolidated basis, 
including our SPVs of Mathura, both our SPVs showed an order booking of 
₹1,520 crore, which includes ₹1,092 crore towards O&M contracts over a 
longer period of time . The business actually has done reasonably during the 
quarter under review. Again, we've focused very, very hard on reducing costs 
and ensuring the maximum amount of profitability of this business and 
execution as we go forward. 
 
Looking quickly at the outlook for the various businesses, because I think this 
is where I'd like to focus some of our time. I'll start first with Sugar, and then 
move to the Alcohol and then to the Engineering businesses . With respect to 
Sugar, the overall cane crop seems very healthy for the State of Uttar Pradesh 
for 2025-2026. Last year, the state produced 9.27 million tonnes of sugar. This 
year, we're anticipating 9.6 million tonnes of sugar, an increase of 3.5% . 
Despite some flooding and water logging in the 2024 and 2025 southw est 
monsoon were timely and well-distributed this year, significantly producing the 
boosting the sugarcane planting and yields, especially in Uttar Pradesh, but 
we've seen similar improvements in yields, as well as potential recoveries in 
Maharashtra and Karnataka. 
 
In Uttar Pradesh, as a whole, we've seen continual variety of replacement  in a 
shift away from 238 , at Triveni the shift has been even more acute and I think 
other varieties are delivering promising results . Perhaps not as magnificent as 
238 in its prime, but pretty close. And I think we're going to see a lot of change , 
because there are so many varieties that are being considered right now, and 
there's so much promise, frankly speaking . And I can say this for the first time, 
I have not said this before, but I'm very heartened to see the impact of some of 
the cane varieties, et cetera, and they will form a very important part of our 
development programs as we move to spring planting in February, March of 
2026. 
 
With Diwali in October, the UP crushing season has started pretty much on 
time, perhaps a little bit early. As of today, Maharashtra and Karnataka have 
started a little late , because of the delayed withdrawal of the monsoon. I 
guess, this is a positive for UP mills. 5 of our sugar units have already started. 
That includes our subsidiary  at Shamli. Last year, 4 units have started, as of 
today. This year, it's 5 units. The balance  3 units will start in a matter of just a 
few days from now . Certainly, by next week, everything will have commenced 
operations. 
 
The recovery for the factories have started early is pointing towards a positive 
increase, but it's very challenging to give you any real data estimates at this 
particular point in time , because the real bagging has not started across all of 
the units. But the sentiment is certainly positive. The test data points towards a 
positive increase in recoveries, certainly, this year over last year. 
 
[[page 8]]
 Page 7 of 14 
  
In terms of availability of cane, we are having to report that we're looking at a 
significant increase in the quantum of cane that will be crushed across all 8 of 
our sugar factories . Each factory is looking at a substantial increase. Some of 
it is due to  excellent reservations that we have secured from the cane 
departments in the government of Uttar Pradesh and a lot of it has to do with 
the amount of development work that has happened at the beginning . In fact, 
the second is the most important point that coupled with a projected increase 
in recovery we're looking at a substantial increase in the total sugar this year 
v/s last year. I'm hesitant to give a n actual number in terms of the increase in 
sugar, but I would like to just share that it will be a very handsome amount in 
terms of overall sugar production and that would be very good , because it will 
mean a relative lower cost of production and spreading out of our costs over a 
larger number of facts, etc.. 
 
As far as the Alcohol business is concerned , I've talked a little bit about the 
outlook already in terms of securing about 4 crore litres of orders through 
cycles 2 through 4 as well as through the private marketing companies as well , 
we're very confident we should be able to receive achieve all of that and have 
our distilleries run at peak capacities in this supplier. 
 
Turning quickly to the Power Transmission Business . F rom an Indi a 
perspective, we're looking at strong manufacturing and investment demand as 
of today. I think there's a broad feeling that on bal ance, we're seeing India Inc. 
move forward quite steadily . The inquiry book is looking very encouraging , in 
fact, it is far more encouraging than it was 3 months ago , I think that works 
quite well. 
 
On a global basis , I think , we're a very small fish as far as our Power 
Transmission Business is concerned, but we're seeing massive inquiries that 
are coming from all parts of the world . Europe is particularly strong . We're 
seeing other parts of Asia . Both West Asia and Central Asia inquiries that are 
ballooning and we have started seeing very encouraging si gns from North 
America as well. 
 
During the quarter , we continued to build our brand and participate in key 
exhibitions around the world . And I think these new marketing efforts pay 
massive dividends in terms of our perception, in terms of forging new contacts 
and managing to enhance our global footprint, et c., we are definitely 
recognized as a global competitor to other high speed gear manufacturing 
firms. I had already talked about the very positive profitability performance in 
the quarter under review and that was primarily due to cost optimization as 
well as an optimal product mix. And , I think that realisation is a very important 
one and we're going to look at enhancing that further  improving that as quotas 
go by to ensure that we eke out profitability levels very much in line with what 
I've been saying at these investor calls over the l ast few quarters and few 
years. 
 
Triveni Power Transmission Limited , a wholly -owned subsidiary of the 
company, has acquired a 100% stake in Triveni Power Transmission GmbH, a 
Swiss company. With the fed acquisition, TPTGmBH becomes a subsidiary of 
TPTL which is effectively a step-down subsidiary of TEIL. 
 
As far as the outlook is concerned what can I share with you that will, as I 
mentioned, there were the 2 levers and there are several other levers that play 
a very critical role. There is a concerted effort to focus on large gearboxes and 
we're receiving fantastic orders in the Steam Turbine segment, Gas Turbines, 
of course , are reasonably large but in the Steam Turbine segment and 
Compressor segment of larger and larger units. 
 
[[page 9]]
 Page 8 of 14 
  
Now, this is where the technical competence , etc., of Triveni gets recognized 
by our customers. There is a concerted effort to focus beyond steam turbines, 
there are focus on compressors, gas turbines and other high-speed gearboxes 
has been critical in terms of diversifying our product scope and supply . Design 
and development has taken on a new form and , I think, there's been a huge 
amount of work that is being done right now , which where we expect impacts 
in the next financial year in terms of cost improvements and also reduction in 
terms of time at standardized models, the development of more standardized 
models to be able to further improve the manufacturing time of a lot of our 
gearboxes. 
 
From an IT perspective and this is absolutely crucial , and this is also for all 
Triveni, but I'll talk about a few extra things that are happening at Triveni 
Power Transmission. There's been a significant amount of development in the 
last quarter. For the group as a whole, there's a massive migration in terms of 
our enterprise resource planning solution that is happening, which will be over . 
It will allow us massive, in terms of our digital advocacy and migration 
initiatives, it will allow us to be able to use data in a very powerful form by Q4. 
It will start actually at the migration will end. And so, our usefulness will start in 
Q4 of this financial year. 
 
However, at P TB, we have 2 other important digital migration initiatives with 
respect to CRMs, as well as a digital factory and the creation of digital twins 
that are underway, which will allow us really to be able to create enhanced 
levels of stickiness as far as our global customer base is concerned, allow us 
to be far more proactive in terms of responsiveness to our customers, all the 
way from  acquiring, all the way to post installation and commissioning 
management, etc., and allow us to have complete control of the manufacturing 
process in a way that we've had pretty good control, but really allow us to 
continuously enhance that control over manufacturing at Mysuru. 
 
Looking very quickly at our Water Business , we are looking at new 
opportunities emerge in recycle, reuse, and Zero Liquid Discharge , and on an 
EPC and HAM basis. So, there are new projects that we are tendering for, and 
we're seeing more traction as far as water is concerned, more positive traction, 
intended towards conclusion . And I think that bodes well, because it's been a 
long time coming. It's quite exciting to see that the water market is turning quite 
exciting. We are evaluating international opportunities and intend on 
participating in several more tenders in water and wastewater treatment 
projects internationally. 
 
At an overall level, the company has implemented a series of strategic and 
well-considered initiatives to tackle the key challenges across all of our 
business segments. We remain optimistic about delivering an improved 
performance in FY26, given all the various situations that our various 
businesses are incurring. 
 
Lastly, I'd like to comment on the scheme of arrangement, the proposed 
amalgamation with SSEL and the demerger of the Power Transmission 
business. The proposed scheme has been approved by the stock exchanges, 
and the process is obtaining approval of NCLT . The meetings of stakeholders 
under the NCL T process has been scheduled for the end of November and 
early December for the 2 companies. And that means that we're very much on 
track as far as I've said for this culmination in Q4 of this fiscal year. 
 
With that, I would now like to pause my opening comments and op en up the 
floor for questions. 
 
 
[[page 10]]
 Page 9 of 14 
  
Moderator: Thank you very much.  We will now begin the question -and-answer session. 
First question is from Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: Hi, sir. I have a few questions. First is about the ethanol part. You have 
mentioned that maize ethanol margi ns have improved significantly . Firstly, in 
the 1st cycle, what is the amount of volumes we have been allocated? And out 
of that, how much is from the maize? And also, if you can sort of specify, are 
we like making ₹8 EBITDA per litre after the decline in the maize prices? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Sanjay, I'm afraid we don't give a breakup of what we've got, maize v/s rice v/s 
ethanol. But answer to your second question, yes, we're making a higher 
margin than what you're anticipating. I would say 30%-40%-50% higher. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: Okay. I mentioned ₹8. So what we are trying to say is that we are probably, I'll 
be making anywhere between ₹11 or ₹12 a litre from maize. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: That’s right. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: Okay. Perfect. So from my capacity perspective or rather from the allocation 
perspective, my question was regarding because you mentioned that the total 
capacity of ethanol is not 2 ,300 litres, if I'm not wrong . And given the fact that 
20% ethanol would require not more than 1,200 crore litres and maybe another 
250-odd crore from the ENA. So , total demand would be 50% and so most of 
the industry level capacity utilisation will not be more than 65 %-70%. That's 
what my understanding is. Can we like assume that your capacity is 26 crore 
litres? So in that sense, you will also be running at similar levels of utilisation? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: No. I think that's not correct . I think that we will be running at, you see the total 
capacity as far as Triveni is concerned depends on whether you use maize or 
not use maize. You have to factor that out. So , it depends on the proportion of 
maize that we actually convert during the year, because that has, as you know, 
when you're using maize, it is 20% lower . Your capacities are 20% lower. So , 
when you're looking at 26 square litres, it is not with maize. However, whatever 
portion you use with maize reduces it. We anticipate functioning at 100% 
capacity utilization. However, the margins in maize are actually very attractive. 
And therefore we will, with the 60 -40 rule, try and maximize wha t we can do 
with maize as well. 
 
Does that answer your question? 
 
Sanjay Manyal: Yes, sir. It was pretty helpful. My second part is on the sugar recovery. Do you 
mentioned it's an early time, it's just a week that we started your operations ? 
But if you can get a sense from the fact that you have changed the sugarcane 
variety in the catchment area from Co 0238 to the other newer varieties, what 
is your sense or what is your understanding that what kind of an improvement 
we can see in sugar recovery? And also you mentioned that there has been a 
reallocation of the command area, so what kind of an increase we can see in 
the sugarcane crushing in the current season? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Okay. So it's actually a combination of the two things and without giving you an 
actual number, I think let me talk about recovery first. 
 
Recovery is impacted by 3 very important factors . The first is rainfall and 
water. The water is untimely rains and it is also flood water that impacts us in 
certain factories, as you know and I've talked about this on previous calls . 
When we stand today, we've had a reasonably  dried last 30 days . That's been 
very good. The last 2 years actually before the factories have started, we've 
had rains in the last 30 days before the season started, which has led to a lot 
[[page 11]]
 Page 10 of 14 
  
of soil moisture and it still led to a little bit of weaker poles as cane comes. By 
and large, the drier start , I think it's been very good and this year has been 
relatively drier, so that is a positive attribute. 
 
The second is with respect to disease. Last year, we had some amount of red 
rot at a certain number of factories . I talked about 3 of our factories having 
been impacted more than others and the remainder having been relatively 
unscathed and a lot of work has been done in terms of not just roguing but 
replacement and taking out all these red rot clumps  and clots and actually 
getting farmers to plant other crops in that area so that the soil received a 
break, which is technically the system. I mean, if you have red rot, you're 
actually not supposed to plant sugarcane, just supposed to plant something 
else and then return to sugarcane a year or so later . A lot of that has already 
happened, which means that the diseased cane that will be coming to the 
Triveni factories is a massive, massive reduction. We anticipate, I'm not saying 
that we've gotten rid of all red rot, because we do have 238 . And the 238 is, I 
forget the total percentage of 238. 
 
Sameer Sinha: Just under 40%. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: It's under 40%, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Let me be very honest, 
especially as far as the high -lying areas are concerned . It is giving great 
recovery, and it is disease -free. And we w ill slowly replace that as well,  and 
also steadily replace that as well. But the fact is that diseased cane is looking 
much, much lower than the possibility . Everything is looking well within our 
limits. So that is extremely positive right now, Sanjay. 
 
The third thing is pest. This year, where in the early part of the g rowth season, 
we had some white fly infestation in 1 or 2  factories in West UP. But that was 
treated with pesticides and it was no longer after we recognized it. So a 
relatively disease-free, and a pest-free crop is what we're expecting this year. 
 
So from that perspective, the recovery looks pretty good. We need to get all 
the factories to start. We need to start getting sugar to be able to give you 
accurate estimates of what the recoveries are . By and large, they're looking 
positive. So I'm very hopeful that a tool will give a good recovery. I'm fairly 
certain that plant  cane will be a much better recovery than it was last year. 
That's very important. So, when you look at recovery, you've got to look at both 
parts of it. You've got to look at ratoon. We've got a great ratoon crop. What 
does that mean? We're not going to s tart untimely crushing of plant cane, 
which is something that happened last year, negatively impacting recoveries, 
which is crushing immature cane early. And that leads to a lower recovery as a 
season. So this year, enough cane means we have enough ratoon, and we 
have enough plant. And the work that was done on plant means it's disease -
free, it's pest -free so far. A nd I have to add that caveat and that bodes very , 
very well. So that's very good. 
 
Season started pretty much on time and we're looking at a higher crush rate 
for the group , which will mean that we're not looking at essentially extending 
and dragging on the season into the very , very hot month end of May, etc. and 
that, again, is another reason for better crush , better crushing , better cost of 
production and, of course, better recovery. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking . 
Please go ahead. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: My question was with respect to our deck assumption , where we have 
mentioned that more than 3 million tonnes of sugar would be diverted towards 
ethanol. Just wondering in terms of the SAP price increase, does it make 
[[page 12]]
 Page 11 of 14 
  
sense, economic sense to do that, especially considering that the ethanol  
prices have not risen or sugarcane will stop. So what's your view on that? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Okay. Good question. It's over 3.25 million is what we are looking at in terms of 
the diversity of sugar. SAP as you are aware is only for Uttar Pradesh and the 
3.25 million tonnes of sugar that gets diverted is nationwide . It includes 
Karnataka, Maharashtra, other states which don't pay UP SAP , they pay FRP 
et cetera. Also , there are very strict penalties for non -compliance and the 
OMCs actually exercise those penalties rigorously . I see very little risk in this 
number going down.  If anything I see this number actually going up , because 
based on the 200 crore litres of R3 to R4 tenders and the split between grain - 
and sugary-based feedstock ethanol manufacture, it could enhance that 3.25 a 
little bit more for the season , perhaps take us up to about 3.4 or 3.5 million 
tonnes. Sorry, I think it could be as high as 3.5. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: Sir, just to clarify, but there would be some portion of U P assumption as well in 
this 3.25, right? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Correct. And I don't see any danger of that not happening , because of very 
strict fines that are imposed by all marketing compani es for non -delivery of 
ethanol. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: Sir, just to get it right, economically it would not make sense, but because we 
have entered into the contract, we will be doing it . That is what you are trying 
to say? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: No, that is not for fair sake. That's not what I'm saying at all. I don't know how 
people have quoted for juice as far as Uttar Pradesh is concerned, I can't 
comment on their financials . So, therefore, I am not taking any comment on 
anybody's viability. What I am saying is that  the diversion of Uttar Pradesh of 
the 3.25 million is approximately 0.7 million tonnes of Uttar Pradesh done by a 
few groups in the state . I don't see them , because they are also supplying C -
heavy molasses, they're also supplying B -heavy molasses and ethanol made 
from other sugary feedstocks. I don't see them putting their ethanol programs 
at risk. Plus, they have operating facilities. So to shut it down and not supply 
means they're still incurring a substantial fixed cost. 
 
So, rather than look at it from a profitability perspective, I'd rather look at it from 
a cost perspective. And this makes sense to them from a cost perspective and 
I don't see them and the significant penalties that will be imposed for this large 
quantum of 0.7 million tonnes is actually detract, I mean, is a disincentive to 
millers in terms of non-compliance. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: Okay. Just to kind of close this loop on this. In your estimates, what will be the 
EBITDA per litre, the way you mentioned about maize will be somewhere in 
the range of ₹11 to ₹12 per litre. If you can just give a ballpark assumption in 
terms of working back of the envelope, seeing the season and seeing the S AP 
prices right now, what will be the time, say, juice B-heavy and C-heavy? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: As far as juice is conc erned, we're not making juice. I can't offer you the 
EBITDA calculations for juice , since we have not tendered for juice. Neither 
have we tendered for B -heavy. I imagine that B -heavy is going to give you 
something a little bit lower than maize right now, maybe ₹9 or ₹10. C-heavy 
molasses will give you north of ₹6. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: Okay. That's useful. So, my second question is on the PTB division. So this is 
the second quarter there is slowdown  in topline growth. Can you throw some 
light further, right, what ha s happened? Because last time you had mentioned 
that there was some difference from the client side in terms of execution. Are 
[[page 13]]
 Page 12 of 14 
  
we getting impacted because of any other  reasons which you would like to 
know? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: If you t rack the last 20 quarters of PTB , because we've always given PBIT 
results for the Power Transmission Business . And if you track the last 20 -odd 
quarters, you will always see that Q1 and Q2, Q1 more than Q2 is usually a 
little bit weak . Q1, while it came as a little bit of a surprise, Q2 is actually 
better. It's not in line with what I would like to be delivering and I recognize that 
straight at the very start of this course, but it is still better  than the previous 
corresponding quarter.  And from a profitability perspective is actually pretty 
good, to be absolutely honest. I see that with the orders that we have planned 
for Q3 and Q4 were very much on track . I mentioned that during my opening 
remarks that I stand behind my internal estimates. While I've not shared it with 
you, my internal estimates for growth for this business, for this annual year. 
And I anticipate that Q3 is going to be pretty good and Q4 is going to be 
absolutely fantastic . And that is just the way that classically every year i t 
follows that type of a cycle. 
 
I do think that when we have more export business, when it becomes a very 
meaningful portion, then Q3 will become even more substantial . Because the 
year-end for our global customers  is typically the calendar year -end. And the 
more dome stic business we have, the year -end is Q4, therefore, to capture 
depreciation, the people want delivery of their gearboxes in Q4, of the Indian 
financial year, which is March . You may see that dynamic over the next few 
years that will change, but I'm not concerned about t he performance of the 
business. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from SKP Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, everyone. Could you please provide a brief overview of the ethanol 
production in litres at Triveni through the B-heavy, C-heavy route derived from 
a kg of sugarcane? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: I'm afraid we don't provide those details. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Thank you. Next question is from Maulik Chaudhari from Monarch Networth 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Maulik Chaudhari: I have a few questions on our Power Transmission Business . Say, particularly 
on the domestic side, over the last 2 to 3 quarters, our order inflows have been 
relatively subdued. Could you please provide some clarity on this? Second, 
given our H1 order  inflows were subdued, but what kind of ordering flow are 
we expecting in H2 both in domestic and export market? And third question is, 
could you share the breakup of current closing order book between short -
tenure and long -tenure? And within long -tenure, how much is attributed to 
defence? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Absolutely. Let me answer your first question . You see, I think it's important to 
also note that our large domestic OEMs have at least the 2 large domestic 
OEMs in the steam turbine space have now converted their business to supply 
to the world from India . And as a result, while there may have been some 
softness in Q1 and Q2, and there definitely was, with respect to domestic order 
build-up, I think from a global perspective, things were moving along a little bit 
better. I don't see that as the case. We are almost halfway through Q3. I think 
there has been a real change in the last 5-6 weeks in terms of domestic order 
inflows for domestic customers. 
 
[[page 14]]
 Page 13 of 14 
  
For global customers, I think that is moving along reasonably well . And y es, 
we're seeing a change in demand domestically as well. Of course, 
internationally I've already spoken about. 
 
Could you remind me of your second question? 
 
Maulik Chaudhari: A breakup of closing order book between short-tenure and long-tenure. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Yeah. I thought that was your third question. In terms of the break up of short -
tenure and long -tenure, as of September 2026, our short -tenure is ₹210 crore 
and long is ₹185 crore. Total is about ₹395 crore. The previous corresponding 
year, the shorter was ₹239 crore, the longer was ₹106 crore, about ₹345 crore. 
There's been an increase in the total order book of abo ut 15% from quarter to 
quarter. 
 
Maulik Chaudhari: And sir, within long-tenure, how much is attributed to defence? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: As far as the long tenure, as far as that is concerned, the vast majority of that 
is defen ce. And in the short -tenure, there's very little defen ce. The exact 
numbers you can perhaps contact us offline and we'll share it with you. It's just 
that I don't have it on hand with me right now. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital . Please go 
ahead. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: Yes, just one question I have on the PT B business. I think this is what you 
have seen almost 400 basis point plus kind of a margin improvement . And you 
have mentioned that this is because of the favourable product mix. But what 
could be the normative margin in this business, EBITDA or EBITDA margin? 
And, specifically, from the defence part, you will be commencing your facility in 
December. So, what can we expect from this defen ce facilities in FY27, now, 
what kind of an order, we have the bigger order if we have from the defen ce 
and on what can we expect in FY27. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: So For the half year, the Power Transmission Business has a PBIT margin of 
about 36%. I think it's part of our results , it’s given in terms of the segmental 
breakup. Your second question, as far as defen ce is concerned, yes, a lot of 
the long-term order books that we have, we get executed . The facility will be 
up and running in December of this year which is exactly what I had mentioned 
3 months ago when we spoke. 
 
I think in terms of what you can expect in the following year , while I don't give 
estimates in terms of production, I think it will go a long way to have a facility 
on the ground, showcasing not just to the Navy and to the armed forces but 
also to partners around the world . And in our presentations and in our 
participation in global defence events and exhibitions, et c., we're seeing a lot 
of traction. So , I think that the  defence facility will be off the ground, will be a 
massive sales point in terms of attracting partners to us. 
 
Now, in terms of, what does that mean for financial year 2026-2027, I think that 
is very difficult, Sanjay. It's very difficult because , defence orders now with the 
way the world is, some of it you're seeing a little bit more urgency . You're 
seeing a little more advancement of orders. You're seeing a little more 
acceleration. So , it's not necessarily everything is long-term. You're seeing a 
lot of short -term stuff that is also coming up . But it's very difficult to ascertain. 
It's a younger business for us a s well. These numbers can vary quite 
dramatically. I' d be hesitant to give a number.  But to have the facility off the 
[[page 15]]
 Page 14 of 14 
  
ground is a very, very big step in terms of the credibility, in terms of the 
footprint and the manufacturing capability of our business. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: Right, sir. No. Understood. What I meant by this first question about 400 basis 
point improvement, so we have seen a 41% kind of PBIT margin this year, so 
we should not take this as a normalized should be 3 5%-36% as you have 
mentioned in the first half? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: No, that's not what I mentioned. That's not what I'm saying at all. You're taking 
quarter and half year. Yes, the quarter was very good. We would like to deliver 
the best possible EBITDA margins. I think we're very much on track . 41% is 
very, very high, I think that is a tough ask, to be brutally honest, but we don't 
necessarily have to reduce 500 basis points. I can't give you a number, but 
certainly not 500 basis points. I think that is the strength of what I've talked 
about, about Rajiv and his team in terms of looking at products and services 
and looking at what we're dispatching and looking at the types of orders that 
we're taking in and dispatching from quarter to quarter. 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management team for closing comments. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us for the H1 FY26 
earnings call for TEIL. I think the last few weeks have been very, very telling. 
We've had a heavy of news, some negative, some not negative, not positive, 
but I think that has been factored in by the business . We've hit the ground 
running. I think we've done a lot of work and we a re more resilient today 
across our Sugar, Alcohol, and Engineering Businesses, when we've literally 
ever been. And I'm very confident that going forward, we will be able to deliver 
the best possible results given factors, some factors are beyond our control . 
But given that, I think we are in the best possible position that we've been in 
years in order to be able to give exceptional results across all of our 
businesses. I look forward to discussing our Q3 results with you in about 3 
months’ time. Feel free to contact , Himanshu, in case you have questions that 
have not bee n answered in this call.  Thank you very much and have a great 
weekend. 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for 
clarity, consistency with published  information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy, in some cases it may be incomplete or inaccurate due  to inaudible passages or transcription 
errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such inaccuracies or erro rs. It is compiled as an  aid to 
understanding the proceedings of the event but should not be treated as an authoritative record.  
 
 