[[page 1]]
~.,. . I::!N~'!~~ INDUSTRIES LiD. 
'- +91 1204308100 
~ +911204311010/11 
~ www.trivenigroup.com 
By E-filing 
REF TElL SE D t F b 5 2026 " . a e : e ruary , 
BSE Limited. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI-400 001 MUMBAI-400 051 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre Thru: NEAPS 
STOCK CODE: 532356 STOCK CODE: TRIVENI 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 2nd February, 2026 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
transcript of the Analyst I Investor Conference Call held on 02nd February, 2026 post 
announcement of unaudited financial results of the Company for the Q3 & 9M FY26 
ended on December 31, 2025. The transcript is also available on the website of the 
Company at: www.trivenigroup.com 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours' faithfully, 
for TRIVENI ENGINEERING & INDUSTRIES LTD. 
Geeta Bhalla 
Group Vice President & 
Company Secretary 
M. No:- A9475 
Encl: As above 
Corporate Office: 8th Floor, Express Trade Towers, Plot 15 & 16, Sector 16-A, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201301, India. 
Registered Office: A-44, Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extension. Noida-201 305, Uttar Pradesh. CIN No.: L 15421 UP1932PLC02217 4 

[[page 2]]
 Page 1 of 16  
 
 
Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 02, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Triveni Engineering & 
Industries Limited Q3 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
 
Rishab Barar: Thank you. Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you participating 
in the Triveni Engineering & Industries Q3 and 9M FY 2026 earnings conference 
call. 
 
We have with us today , Mr. Tarun Sawhney, Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Suresh Taneja, Group CFO , Mr. Sameer Sinha, CEO Sugar 
Business Group, and Mr. Rajiv Rajpal, CEO of Power Transmission business as 
well as other members of the senior management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward -looking in nature and a statement to this effect has 
been included in the invite, which was shared with everyone earlier. I would also 
like to emphasi se that while  this call is open to all invitees, it may not be 
broadcasted or reproduced in any form or manner. We will commence this call 
with opening remarks from the management, follow ed by an interactive 
question-and-answer session. 
 
May I now hand it over to Mr. Tarun Sawhney. Over to you. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Thank you, Rishab. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the 
Q3 & 9M fiscal 2025-2026 earnings conference call for Triveni Engineering & 
Industries Limited. The revenues from operations stood at ₹4,782.5 crore, which 
was an increase of 17.8%. The PBT for the quarter stood at ₹102.8 crore against 
₹57.6 crore in the same period last year. This is despite an exceptional cost this 
year, which I will talk about a little bit later.  The profit after tax stood at ₹77.8 
crore v/s ₹42.6 crore in the same period last year. 
 
The key highlights of these results, the net turnover, as I mentioned, increased 
quite substantially for the 9M to 17.8% for the nine months and 16.5% for the 
quarter under review due to higher sales in Sugar and Distillery segments and 
improved sugar realisation. The turnover of the Engineering business increased 
by 11% and 15% during the 9M of 2026 and Q3 of 2026, respectively. 
 
There was a strong operating performance in terms of profitability in the 9M and 
it is mainly attributed to a strong performance in the D istillery and Sugar 
segments. A major turnaround has happened in the distillery segment due to 
higher sales volumes, lower procurement costs, especially on maize and other 

[[page 3]]
 Page 2 of 16  
internal efficiencies, whereas much improved performance in the Sugar 
segment has happened despite the significant increase in sugarcane price, and 
this is primarily due to a higher sales volume, better sugar reali sation, lower a 
much smaller inventory write -down of sugar inventories in view of the higher 
recoveries, and of course, there has been cost optimi sation as well, which has 
played out in terms of the financial performance, especially for the quarter under 
review. 
 
There has been a provision of ₹22.4 crore, which has been estimated because 
of the changes brought about by the new labour codes in respect to the 
employee benefit expenses, as disclosed in our exceptional items. This is for 
the standalone business.  The debt position stood at ₹783 crore on December 
31, 2025, almost at the same level, ₹775 crore for the period last year.  And it 
comprises of term loans of ₹288 crore, of which  a ₹136 crore are loans with 
interest subvention. 
 
On a consolidated basis, the gross debt stood at ₹1,073 crore compared to ₹981 
crore on 31st December 2024. And the overall cost of funds is 6.1% for Q3 fiscal 
2026. I want to say it is important for us to note that the cost of borrowings is 
trending downwards in line with what is happening across the country. I think we 
have been very cognizant of the chang es that have been happening and have 
ensured that our cost of borrowings reduces quite dramatically. 
 
To give you an example, our working capital for the quarter under review stood 
at under 6.5%, which is substantially lower than the 7.7% in the previous quarter, 
so quite a substantial reduction in interest costs, and that will, of course, flow 
through in the next quarter and subsequent quarters come about. 
 
Turning towards the business wise review. I'm going to first start with our sugar 
business, where re venues for the 9M increased by 19%, supported by 12% 
increase in sugar dispatches and 5% in reali sation. For the quarter, revenues 
increased by 12%, and this was supported by 8% due to volumes and 6% in 
price reali sation. Again, going back to our conversation about a quarter ago 
where I had envisaged stability in terms of sugar pricing and frankly speaking, 
they have remained reasonably stable.  Some amount of variation, but by and 
large actually it has been positive and this is reflected in the res ults and in the 
comparison QoQ and nine-month period v/s the previous nine-month period. 
This is all despite a price increase of ₹300 per metric tonne by the Uttar Pradesh 
state government. And that's quite a substantial - the largest ever sugarcane 
increase in the history of the Uttar Pradesh sugar industry, very substantial.  
 
And of course, this was because there were high recoveries that are present, as 
I speak right now. There has been substantial cost optimi sation and that is 
prevalent in terms of the c ost of productions at the unit levels. And of course, 
there's a lower inventory write -down for the units that don't perform as well as 
the ones that are right on top of their performance. 
 
The sugar inventories on the 31st of December 2025 stood at 30.7 lakh quintals 
valued at just over ₹39 per kilo, whereas in December 2024, it was 29.5 lakh 
quintals closing stock valued at ₹38.8 per kilo. As we speak today, our refined 
sugar realisation has crossed ₹41.50 per quintal and sulphitation sugar is about 
₹1 lower, but it does vary quite substantially. 
 
An important point to note  is that while the sulphitation prices are that much 
lower, the bulk of our sulphitation sugar is contracted to institutional buyers that 
pay premiums above what the av erage retail sale prices is  - what I'm reporting 
to are the retail sale prices. 
 
[[page 4]]
 Page 3 of 16  
The industry scenario has been very complex for the quarter under review. 
There's been a lot that has happened domestically and internationally. The net 
sugar production was e xpected to rise about 20% YoY, supported by the 
favourable monsoons that we had over the last summer, which led to higher 
cane acreage and improved yields, and the recovery is stronger in the western 
and southern regions as well as the north. In fact it is because of a delayed start 
of one month in Maharashtra, t hat's specifically about Maharashtra. In the 
investor brief, we have given some details of the crushing updates thus far. But 
I'd like to point out some important distinction and important developments that 
have taken place, including some of our surveys that have come back as of this 
past weekend. And I'm happy to share some of that information and data with 
you. 
 
Now Triveni estimates were far more conservative when compared to the 
industry estimates previously. We had forecasted actually a closing balanc e 
somewhere around 8 million tonnes for September 2026, whereas the industry 
association had that somewhere around about 1.5 million odd tonnes lower 
around about the 6 million mark. And this is primarily due to a couple of reasons. 
The first one was, we have taken a very conservative approach on consumption, 
where our target stood at about 27.8 million metric tonnes. This was about 
700,000 tonnes lower than what had been estimated and is still probably 
estimated by the industry. I would like to actually po int out that the releases for 
this year are actually 400,000 tonnes lower than the same quantum of releases 
in the previous year.  And therefore, I do believe that while a hot summer is 
expected and a hot summer means significant decrease in sugar consumption. 
And that has been proven out by the test of time, we do hope to see at least our 
sugar consumption number coming accurately thereabouts. I think we're very 
much sticking to our guns on that number. 
 
As far as the total country's production is concerned, the averages were broadly 
the same. Triveni had an estimate of about 31.1 million tonnes when we last 
spoke, and the industry associations estimate was slightly higher at about 31.5 
million tonnes. There have been many developments  actually, including 
unseasonal rain that has hit several parts of the country, et c. And also a much 
more realistic picture with respect to sugarcane recoveries and the migration 
from ratoon crop into plant crop across the country. This is not just in North India, 
but across the country.  And as a result, we have some updates for our figures 
as well. So we are looking at Maharashtra factories starting to close earlier than 
anticipated towards the end of February. And therefore, what had been earlier 
forecast as about 11.5 million metric tonnes of production in Maharashtra could 
be lower by 1 million metric tonnes, maybe a little bit more. 
 
Similarly for Karnataka, the 5.6 million metric tonnes we had assumed could be 
lower by up to 0.5 million metric tonnes. Uttar Pradesh stands exactly as what 
we had assumed, ~9 million metric tonnes. So this is very important because it 
actually changes the stockholding ratio between the South and the North. It also 
means that the Northern sugar mills will benefit by carrying the stock later into 
the sugar year where prices I anticipate will inch slightly higher, given that we 
have a lower closing stock. 
 
By the way, the closing stock assumes the full export of 1 million metric tonnes 
of sugar, and I will just address that point in a second. Essentially, I think the 
demand-supply position has changed in favour of more robust sugar pricing for 
the next few quarters, certainly. And I think that is a hidden positive and a hidden 
positive expectation that investors should have from the industry. 
 
On a global scenario, we've actually seen near historic lows , such catastrophic 
fall-off in terms of commodity pricing has not left sugar as well  unscathed. And 
we've seen, as of the last close, New York March contract close d at 14.7 cents 
[[page 5]]
 Page 4 of 16  
per pound and London closed at 405.1. And these are very substantially falls in 
international sugar pricing. And as a result, I do have to wonder whether the full 
1 million metric tonnes of exports will take place at these prices. I do believe that 
commodities are under pressure. Sugar is in an oversold position in our 
estimates. And I do believe that some amount of bounce back will happen. 
 
I do think that we should if not touch the million metric tonnes should come 
reasonably close because from an entrepreneurial perspective, a large amount 
of sugar has been contracted, not all of that 1 million, but I do believe that there 
will be clear opportunities for export especially as we come closer to the March 
expiry. And let's hope India benefits by those sentiment chang es, both 
domestically and internationally. 
 
Turning to our Alcohol business. The sales volume for the quarter was up 27%, 
higher production and sales volume were account of full operations in the current 
period. Whereas in the previous period, the production was slightly impacted by 
a stabilisation period for the new grade distillery that was commissioned in 2024, 
as well as distilleries not operating for some period due to a non-availability of 
feedstock in the previous quarter. So I think all of those things have been abated, 
have been planned for very much in line with what we had discussed on the last 
earnings call. 
 
We've registered a significant improvement in the profitability on the back of 
correction of input prices, particularly maize, and of course, the focus on cost 
optimisation and some amount of steam optimisation as well and some lowering 
of energy costs. 
 
I would like to point out that , today, if we had to do an analysis on margins, the 
highest margin that you could get as an input wo uld be maize, followed by C -
heavy molasses, followed by B, followed by FCI rice and then followed by juice. 
But that is how it stands as of today.  The improvement in profitability is due to 
higher sales volumes and of course, lower procurement on maize. The ethanol 
constitutes 92% of our alcohol sales during Q3 fiscal 2026 compared to 89% in 
Q3 fiscal 2025. Our ratio of molasses to grain was 45% - 55% and our margins 
have clearly benefited by the lower procurement price of maize, which is exactly 
what we have used for our grain-based operations for the quarter under review. 
 
The blending percentage achieved in ESY, looking at the overall industry 
scenario is 20%. During ESY 2024-2025, it was about 19.24%, and today, it's 
considered at 19.98% which is pretty much very maximum. And Inter-ministerial 
Group, along with NITI Aayog is working on the road map for beyond E20. I think 
that has gained more traction. In the last few weeks, we believe that there is 
further impetus. And we can see that signs from the budget, the Union budget 
that was announced yesterday, the focus on energy , etc and clean energy is 
something that is definitely being driven home by North block, and we hope that 
they will have a positive impact on the ethanol blending program as it follows 
through this year and the next ethanol supply year. 
 
During cycle 1, OM Cs have secured just shy of 1,050 crore litres, 1,048 crore 
litres to be precise of ethanol. Cycle 2 tender is expected shortly. I believe that 
there was a court case in Karnataka that held up the issuance of Cycle 2 tender. 
We anticipate that it may happe n this week itself. I do believe that the tender 
has been ready for the last fortnight. I'm just waiting for it to be published. 
 
Having said that, unfortunately, we understand that the focus of the Cycle 2 
tender, which is primarily for Q3 and Q4 supplies, it will be focused primarily on 
rice-based ethanol, which is FCI rice-based ethanol, followed them by B -heavy 
and C molasses. So not sure how much B -heavy and C molasses will make its 
[[page 6]]
 Page 5 of 16  
way through to Q3, Q4. However, there's plenty of rice available acros s the 
country, etc albeit at a slightly lower margin. 
 
I'd like to turn towards the engineering businesses now. The Power 
Transmission business has seen a significant uptick in our inquiry levels, I would 
say at least 75% as compared to last year , driven by growth, especially in the 
export market, so I think that has been the primary focus. Despite a reasonably 
tough operating environment , after absorbing incremental costs related to 
capacity increase, our PBT margins improved by 90 bps YoY on the back of 
better gross margins and favo urable product mix and a strong focus on cost 
optimisation. 
 
And this was also during the period , in fact, in the last quarter, we had a very 
significant amount of development that happened to the digital transformation of 
the business at power transmission, including the initiation of implementation of 
a CRM solution, a smart factory solution and of course, the migration of our ERP 
to a much more cutting-edge SAP HANA platform. So a lot of activities that are 
happening on that front. 
 
The export growth is primarily driven by market share gains in the Compressors 
and Pump segment, and we continue to focus on relationship building efforts 
with high-profile customers. And I think that has shown a lot of development.  
Even in the month under review, in this month, we've seen big changes in terms 
of inquiries and order booking frankly speaking, there's been a massive change. 
In the last quarter, as you will notice from our results, it was muted. The hope 
was that Q3 wou ld result in significant increases in order booking and that did 
not transpire. 
 
And I think a lot of that is not due to the business itself, but due to delayed 
decision-making, primarily caused by global factors, in my opinion, where our 
customers, in my personal engagement with customers, I find that it is not the 
unwillingness to place orders. But it is just a sense of uncertainty in which they 
have just kept that decision pending for a short while. I do believe that this is a 
time-based decision, and we're seeing that correct. 
 
In fact, the month of January itself has been a very positive month for a rebound 
of order booking to take place. The inquiry book, as I mentioned, nevertheless, 
still remains fairly strong. The Middle East is emerging as a major end user 
market for growth and is expected to be the primary contributor as well to 
aftermarket export growth. We participated in several premier and prestigious 
exhibitions in the region, and we'll continue to do so to build our brand presence 
and enhance our global footprint. 
 
But as the quarter ended, our order booking stood at ₹409 crore, which was an 
increase of 8% from the ₹377 crore previous year. And in the month of 
December itself, we received orders, as I mentioned  in both the Gears as well 
as Defence segments. The Defen ce segment, I'm happy to report that we've 
received a very recent order of about ₹45 crore from a customer. Of course, the 
gears order booking is in addition to all of that. 
 
Turning quickly to the Defence business. The delays that we've been waiting for 
was commissioned last month in the month of December as planned and as I 
had discussed, the factory has commenced manufacturing operations. The 
remainder of the facility development is underway. It should be complete, 
certainly in the next few months, 2-3 months, again, as per what I have 
discussed on previous conference calls. 
 
However, the manufacturing part of the defen ce facility is all underway with the  
lathe being commissioned and the other balance machinery also under 
[[page 7]]
 Page 6 of 16  
execution and being commissioned as we speak right now. So there is 
manufacturing output happening in that facility. 
 
Turning quickly to the Water business. The Water business results include the 
operations of the wholly owned subsidiaries, which is Mathura, bot h the 
subsidiaries of Mathura and Pali. The outstanding order book on the 31st of 
December stood at ₹1,598 crore, which includes just under ₹1,100 crore of O&M 
contracts, which are over a slightly longer period of time. So yes, there was a 
little bit of variation. I think the business did not perform as much as well as we 
would have liked to. The inquiries are still quite substantial. And frankly 
speaking, I think the domestic climate across the board, as we've seen and I 
talked about, including in our Powe r Transmission business has been muted, 
and I think the last quarter was pretty much across the board as far as India 
incorporated was concerned in capacity additions over there. 
 
Looking at the outlook of our various businesses. The sugarcane crop looks very 
healthy - in Uttar Pradesh, especially. And as far as the rest of the country is 
concerned, I mentioned the slightly muted outlook for Maharashtra and 
Karnataka, which means that the total production is going to be a little bit lower 
between about ~1.5 million tonnes lower. And this will reduce the closing stock. 
So as we had estimated a reasonably high closing stock, rightly speaking at, 
around about 8 million metric tonnes, we will be approaching the 6 million metric 
tonne number, which is very  good and bodes extremely well for sugar prices 
and the stability of sugar prices going forward. I think that is what's very 
important because we are in an environment where global prices, and as much 
as we'd like to think that India has no impact, no corr elation between what's 
happening in New York and London and what's happening in India, there is 
some sentiment impact of course, that does creep through. But despite that, we 
have been remarkably resilient. And I think a lot of that credit goes through to 
DFPD in terms of very well thought out and well planned quotas. And I hope 
that, that does continue. And I hope that, that does allow the industry to actually 
see an increase in sugar prices as we move forward because cost of cane has 
gone up, not just in Uttar Pradesh but across the country. 
 
We have heard a lot of conversations about increases in MSP, et c. The reason 
I have not discussed that during this call thus far is because there's no point 
talking about it until it actually happens. My understanding is it's going to be in 
the high ₹37 bracket, that is the expectation. I believe that is too little becau se 
the prices are already higher. And if we're looking forward after so many years, 
we need to look at it from a future perspective. And to look at the impact that it 
would have on farmers going into the future and on the industry going into the 
future. And so that's important. But I still sincerely hope that it is something being 
considered, and I believe it is, by GOI, and it may happen in the near future. 
 
We are looking at improved sugar recovery trends. In Uttar Pradesh as we see 
the advent of the plant cane, especially in the Central part and Eastern part of 
Uttar Pradesh. We've seen plant coming in Western Uttar Pradesh, the start has 
been small, we are at the beginning of February, and so plant cane is certainly 
going to come in full force in the next 10-odd days across Western Uttar Pradesh 
as well. And that is pointing towards better recoveries. You can see that from all 
the various reports that I'm su re you're all privy to. The reali sations right now 
when compared to last year are higher than they were. I think that is another 
positive. And we continue and plan on continuing to make some investments, 
small investments in sugar to especially improve our  cost of production and 
improve our efficiency. I think those are things that have been highlighted by our 
operations this year. And you should anticipate that over the coming off season, 
we will be looking very closely at our cost of production and findin g ways of 
lowering those costs of production with very short return investment plans. And 
nothing substantial, all funded by internal accruals.  
[[page 8]]
 Page 7 of 16  
 
The alcohol business, as I mentioned, we've seen a marked improvement in the 
operations, primarily led by exceptional procurement of maize. Now maize, as I 
had mentioned earlier will possibly be curtailed in Cycle 2 as for additional 
deliveries in Q3, Q4. That is a slight negative, very honestly speaking. And it 
kind of poses a hiccup, but I can understand that there are huge quantum of rice 
stocks available in the country. And depending on what type of quality of rice 
that one can procure from FCI, I think we should be able to make some more 
improvements in the margin structure on rice.  And yes, we will be tendering for 
the small portion of extra capacity that we have for the Q4 delta. We will be 
participating in Cycle 2 as well and in Cycle 3, which we believe will come in the 
next couple of months. I think that is also an expectation th at has been made 
fairly clear that there is expectation that there could be a Cycle 3 as well. We 
believe that ethanol prices do need to be revised upwards. And this will certainly 
help increase the diversion of sugar towards ethanol. However, lot of this is 
under consideration - that we don't believe any of this will happen until the next 
ethanol supply  year. The one thing and important thing to consider is the 
massive overcapacity that exists in the nation and the planning for that is actually 
very important from the government perspective. 
 
Turning to the Engineering businesses. I think in this particular quarter, while we 
continue to focus on really building the brand on a global perspective and 
coordinating, participating, gaining qualifications with cu stomers across the 
world, we've seen huge successes in the recent past in terms of getting into 
AVL. There have been many clients where we are now on the AVL globally. And 
a lot of that has factored into the increased inquiry book as I had mentioned, as 
we have seen orders close out both in terms of OEM orders as well as in terms 
of retro in the month of January. So a change in position really from the previous 
quarter rather the quarter that's under review.  
 
Towards the water business, yes, we are looking  at a large number of orders 
both domestically and internationally because of the significant gap that exists 
between the demand and current availability of water and wastewater treatment, 
and there are new opportunities that are emerging in the recycle, reuse and Zero 
LD in the form of EPC and HAM models.  So that's quite interesting to see that 
there are more tenders coming in those 2 niche areas and we hope to certainly 
benefit from those that we are tendering on several jobs as far as that is 
concerned. 
 
On an overall level, we have implemented a series of strategic and well -
considered initiatives, a lot of which is playing out and a lot of which, as I 
mentioned on the last conference call will have had a benefit, and you've seen 
that benefit in this quarter's results. 
 
Lastly, with respect to the proposed scheme of amalgamation of SS EL and the 
demerger of the Power Transmission busine ss to unlock value and to drive 
operational efficiencies, the scheme has been approved  by shareholders of 
creditors, this was in December of 2025. We have another hearing in front of 
NCLT in the month of February. And we find that we are very much on track, as 
I have previously said, for this to happen during under this quarter, this calendar 
quarter. So on that front, nothing really stands unchanged. We are, of course, 
as we get closer to this demerger. Looking at the Power Transmission business, 
gaining a lot of skill sets in terms of ability to operate as a separate company. A 
lot of systems work is being done as we speak to let them hit the ground 
sprinting, frankly speaking, and have the same kind of efficiencies that we've 
had at Triveni Engineering an d any of the other businesses that the company 
has run. 
 
With that, I'd now like to open the call to questions. 
[[page 9]]
 Page 8 of 16  
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from Vishal Prasad from VP Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Vishal Prasad: Tarun, we had signed MoU for 4-megawatt marine gas turbine generators with 
Rolls Royce. So could you provide an update on our marine GTG partnership? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Certainly. So this is for the next -generation vessels being considered by the 
Indian Navy. And this is at the architectural stage right now. The main decision 
point for the Indian Navy is whether they would like to go for a gas turbine 
propulsion engine v/s a diesel generated engine. And at this particular point, we 
have made a number of presentations, etc. We expect that decision to be taken 
reasonably soon. 
 
However, the decision is not in our domain, it is with the India Navy. I believe 
that if it is a gas turbine option that is considered, you could only consider one 
or the other because there's too much work that will go in. The solution then 
being offered by Triveni and Rolls Royce becomes a very compelling one, where 
there is a large amount of indigeni sation that will occur. That is the kind of 
conversation that we've had, and therefore, creating, for the first time in our 
country's history, a gas turbine technical solution being available indigenously 
and having that technology in it. So it would be a big technological tick mark. 
 
However, that decision really isn't ours. It is one which is with the Navy and their 
designers, and they will be taking that very soon. 
 
Vishal Prasad: Let's assume that, let's say, they agree to our proposal, so would Triveni move 
from manufacturing gears into manufacturing turbines as well? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: But listen, for any new program, by the time you actually supply the equipment, 
it's about 5 years out. So we're talking about medium to long -term projections 
right now. And the work share between Rolls -Royce and Triveni Engineering, 
I'm afraid I cannot di sclose those details right now because it is at an MOU 
stage, it is not a definitive agreement. But there will be obviously some portions 
that will be done by Triveni and some portions that will be done by the technology 
provider, in this case, Rolls-Royce. 
 
Vishal Prasad: Got it. My second question is, we have talked about our ability to gain market 
share in the exports market. And one of the reasons that you have given is that 
nobody can match our timelines. So if I have to compare Triveni with the new -
based turbo gears suppliers, what would be the price differential between us 
and EU players if we are supplying to the same customers? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: You see that's a very different , it's a very loaded question. And let me tell you 
why it's a loaded question. We find that we're substantially lower. What we have 
done is we've estimated cost of manufacture because I can't control what a 
competitor prices their product at. But I can have an estimate in terms of how 
much it costs them to make.  And I'm sur e you understand the difference 
between the two. They can cross-subsidise perhaps in an area where I have not 
received approval or not on an AVL, they may be able to eke out higher margins. 
In fact, that is the exact thing that has been happening, and that  is why we're 
trying to get on to all the major A VLs across the world and have had very good 
success thus far. 
 
We believe the historic numbers that we have, we believe that we are cheaper 
by at least 25%  - 30% in terms of cost to manufacture. I'm generali sing here 
across turbo gearing. It could vary. It could be higher, it could potentially be lower 
as well. However, in the sale price to a customer, it's very difficult because we 
[[page 10]]
 Page 9 of 16  
have certain policies in terms of minimum margin levels, et c which we do not 
cross. 
 
I can't talk to the margin profiles for our European competition. So it should give 
you a broad idea. In terms of delivery, because you did speak about that as well, 
what I'm hearing today is that our European competition, which is doing 
reasonably well, so they have reasonably good factories, which we hope to 
benefit in terms of cannibali sing their market share, they are northwards of 12 
months in terms of average deliveries for new units.  And for Triveni, we can be 
ex-factory in a period of somewh ere between 6-8 months, depending on the 
complexity of the turbo  gear. And then it takes a short while for shipping. But 
frankly speaking, in some cases, and we're having these discussions, we can 
even airlift certain gearboxes, if required and if the customer is giving us a 
sufficient margin for. 
 
Vishal Prasad: Fair. And could you speak about opportunities that you see in steam a nd gas 
turbines? It seems some of our customers are fully booked in '32, '33, so 5 years, 
6 years, 7 years down the line. And I believe we have a good play there. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: I don't know anybody who's 4-5-6 years down the line, unless it's gas. 
 
Vishal Prasad: That's right, gas turbines.  
 
Tarun Sawhney: Yeah. So in the gas space, we're seeing a lot of traction. You'll have to 
understand that our journey as a gearbox manufacturer for gas centred 
applications in the Western Hemisphere is a relatively recent one. Now we've 
completed and supplied several units. And therefore, when I say that I see great 
traction coming, we have excellent relationships with the larger gas turbine 
manufacturers globally. And I'm hoping that a lot of that is already on our inquiry 
book, and it will translate into regular ordering across sciences, across facilities 
across the world. The growth in the export business will be driven by 
compressors and gas. 
 
Vishal Prasad: Do we cover everything between 2 megawatt to 600 megawatt in terms of gas 
turbines or we have a sweet spot in between 2 and 600? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: No. Gas turbines larger than 50 -60 megawatts are directly coupled, they don't 
need a gearbox. For high-speed gearboxes, the largest application that I've seen 
is 90 megawatts. 
 
Vishal Prasad: Okay. And last question is on LM2500 program, you had mentioned that 
packaging will be happening at Triveni. So could you help me understand what 
all activities are covered under our scope of work? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: I think this is still yet to be drawn out in greater detail. As and when it is and as 
we find out, I'm happy to share it, but it depends because right now, there's been 
changes. The casing has been changed to composite which changes the nature 
of workflow, etc. So until all of the I’s are dotted and the T’s are crossed, I myself 
wouldn't know what our work share is. And I don't know that as yet. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking.  
Please go ahead. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: Good afternoon , everyone and thank you for the opportunity. I have a few 
questions on my side. So my question is with respect to PTB division. The inquiry 
book has been strong, but the conversion to orders have been kind of lagging. 
So just wanted to get some sense in terms of timeline when we see that to 
happen? And also, if you can just share guidance for FY 2027? 
 
[[page 11]]
 Page 10 of 16  
Tarun Sawhney: We don't really share guidance numbers, so I can't help you there, but the inquiry 
book has been strong and its conversion, you're absolutely right, in Q3, it was 
weak, the conversion was weak and I started off my opening comments by 
saying that it was weak. 
 
However, month of January has picked up quite substantially. When we look at 
this quarter, I mean, when I say this, I could I know what I see being co ncluded 
over the month of February or over the month of March, it looks very positive, 
much stronger than I had envisaged and hopeful ly covering up for the 
differences in Q3, which is not bad, but it was not nearly as much as what we 
had thought in terms of conversion of inquiry to order booking. 
 
A lot of that, frankly speaking, and you've not asked this, because of some 
weakness from our OEMs. And it's not because that end user segments don't 
require new products or repaired products, but it's because of decision -making 
ambivalence. And I very honestly believe this is due to geopolitical factors and 
geopolitical uncertainties in terms of their businesses driving this type of 
uncertainty. 
 
Now when you look at new product and you look at aftermarket, you have to 
look at both separately because new product usually refers to greenfield, 
brownfield expansions. A lot of those decisions have to be well thought out, and 
gearbox is only a small portion of the capital decision for any plant, et c. And so 
we will be tied into that process, probably last of all, since it is the product that 
is made fastest and costs the least. 
 
However, from an afte rmarket perspective, that really surprised me in terms of 
the decision for customers not to repair and to forgo repairs of critical  nature. A 
high-speed gearbox is a mission -critical decision. It's not as if you keep spares 
of them lying about, just because of the nature of the product. And therefore, if 
there is a breakdown, it has a catastrophic impact on the plant.  It leads to a 
complete shutdown. And so I find it a little surprising to see what had happened 
in Q3, but I'm glad to see in terms of even th e bookings that we've had in the 
month of January for aftermarket, a big bounce back. So it was a momentary 
lapse, according to me, and I think we're back on track. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: Just to extend this point, the reason I was asking is because the last year, fourth 
quarter has been very strong in terms of revenue booking. On the back of nine 
months FY 2025, that is last year, we had a very robust order booking and order 
backlog. And t his time around, obviously, there has been a dip, as you 
highlighted. So just wanted to get some sense of the fourth quarter revenue, 
would we kind of be able to post some growth over the fourth quarter last year? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Fourth quarter last year, you're asking about , I don't have an answer to that 
question in front of me. You can contact us. I'm not sure what we can share or 
not because we don't give forward-looking estimates. But I do think that the Q4 
booking is going to be robust. I can see it from January data itself that is looking 
very positive. And it will cover up for most of the shortfall of Q3, so in addition to 
what we have had for Q4. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks. My second question is with respect to prevailing 
maize prices, and you alluded to something in your opening remarks that they 
are the most profitable right now. So can you outline the unit economics across 
different production routes, that would be helpful? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Yes, again, we don't really give you your contribution per litr e. But the maize 
contribution is definitely a very robust double -digit contribution, higher than C -
heavy. However, I don't see next few cycles coming to support maize. In fact , if 
anything you've got problems with maize coming from different parts of the 
[[page 12]]
 Page 11 of 16  
country. Starting off with Karnataka and then a large number of other maize -
growing states. Maize prices have continued to fall, and they continue to be 
softened. They've been stable, but they've been very soft right now. And as it 
when the next maize crop , as the next maize crop from Bihar comes about in 
the next two months, I think that Bihar prices are going to be massively different 
from where they left off last year, massive difference. 
 
Unfortunately, I wish I could say that we would take great advantage with our 
small spare capacities, but I don't see that happening. I don't see maize being 
treated favourably, but we will fill those capacities with rice, of course. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: Just to exten d this one. Last time, you had shared that maize prices were 
something in the range of ₹22.30 per kg to ₹22.50, depending whether they are 
coming from Bihar or UP.  
 
Tarun Sawhney: The delivered prices were ₹20. And the current prices are also about ₹20 - 
₹20.5. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: Okay. So QoQ, they are flattish that way. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Yes. I mean they certainly gone down since October. The numbers that you 
have, which were ₹22, they've come down ₹20, so that is lower. But by the time 
we spoke, which was in November, from November to today, they are flat. Yes. 
I want to finish that point . I still believe there is a softness. The difference 
between November is with the fag end of the supply coming from the southern 
states, from Rajasthan, from Madhya Pradesh, et c. And look, of course, UP 
finished earlier on in September, but the MP crop th at came in, that is pretty 
much finished. 
 
Now the next crop that's going to come is Bihar. So the prices today are really 
of saved and stored maize v/s fresh crop. You understand what I mean? So 
when you see typically when the harvesting season is over, y ou'll see some 
increases because there's no pressure on harvesting. There's no pressure on 
fresh arrivals at the mandi. Today, you don't have that scenario, yet you have 
soft pricing. Now the moment the Bihar crop hits the market, I believe it will be 
at lower price points. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: What would be the timeline when Bihar hits the market? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: April. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: April, okay. Can I squeeze in one more question? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Sure. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: I was reading one of the articles where UP , it seems that there has been some 
increase in farmer dues. Obviously, from the larger and listed players the 
payments would have been in time. Would you like to update anything on that 
front, highlight any current position in terms of farmers dues for UP? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Absolutely. In the last list, we were right on top in terms of best performers as 
Triveni. And we were always well ahead in terms of our cane price payments. 
Having said that, I think there are certain groups, and I don't talk about my peers 
in the industry that have been delaying payments, et c as their crop dwindles. 
You see, I think there is going to be again a demarcation between  those who 
crushed well this year and those who don't crush well th is year in the state of 
Uttar Pradesh. 
 
[[page 13]]
 Page 12 of 16  
And when the results are known, you will be able to differentiate those, discover 
those results themselves. And I think that those millers they are seeing an early 
arrival of plant crop, an early arrival, which means an immature arrival of plant 
sugarcane. It's all based on their cane price payment to farmers and the 
relationship management with farmers. So you're seeing that happen. 
 
I don't have the exact numbers with me in terms of week -on-week change. But 
if you like, you can contact us offline. We'll share weekly data for you in terms of 
changes in cane price arrears and e xcess cane price payments, if that's of 
interest. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Abhisar Jain from Monarch AIF.  Please go 
ahead. 
 
Abhisar Jain: My question is on the new multi -model defence facility. So you have indicated 
that we have started commissioning this facility. Can you just tell us how much 
is the CAPEX that has been spent till now for this facility? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: I don't have the number for what has been capitalised in defence. We don't have 
that right now. You could contact us offline, and we will give you that number. 
But ballpark, what was approved by the Board. And I don't think we'll spend all 
of it. But what was approved by the Board for the defence facility was just north 
of ₹100 crore. 
 
Abhisar Jain: Okay. And in terms of now after the initial trial runs on some of the products that 
are to be made in that facility go through, how do we see the revenue trajectory? 
And what would be those products that we would be supplying  first in say 
sometime in FY 2027? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: No, so I don't give forward -looking estimates, so I'm not going to do that, you'll 
excuse me. But what I will tell you is what we are already qualified for. And the 
list is, of course, detailed and it's on  our website. I would encourage you to go 
through our PT B and defence presentation on our website, which gives you a 
huge detail of the various partnerships that we have in various products that we 
are tendering for and have orders for.  And they include, b ut are not limited to, 
and I'm talking about the breadth of relationships thus far. F in stabilizers, 
gearboxes, propulsion equipment, PSI, gas turbines, smaller gas turbines, deck 
machinery, we've recently signed an MOU for at -sea transfer from ship -to-ship 
systems, cargo bay handling systems, et c. So, there's a lot of work that is and 
the list goes on.  There's repair work that happens on compressors or pumps, 
etc, different metallurgy, different materials. So it's a very extensive list. You're 
welcome to come and visit the facility and see things in greater detail. But for 
now, I would encourage you just to have a look at our website. 
 
Abhisar Jain: Yes. Right, Tarun-ji. I've seen the list of the products. I was just wondering that 
do we kind of start making most of these products in the first year? Or how does 
the kind of ramp-up of supply of these products go through.  
 
Tarun Sawhney: That's a good question. Yes. I would say quite a lot of the products will be made 
in the first year. Then there are different sizes and scale. So for example, in 
shafting we have won several orders. We will do one set of sha fting, but the 
others will happen subsequently in other yea rs. As far as gearboxes are 
concerned, some will happen next year, some will happen the year after, most 
of them will happen the year after, et c. So there's a cascading effect, but we're 
not limiting ourselves to one in one particular year where we're goin g as per 
contracted supplies. 
 
[[page 14]]
 Page 13 of 16  
Abhisar Jain: Understood. And just last one on the same thing. So the defence facility, in how 
much time do we see we can ramp it up to its full potential? Is it like 3 years? Is 
it like 5 years, or what indications you can give at this point of time? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: I think it depends on what orders we win from the Indian Navy or from other 
branches of Indian defence, where we are now going to be tendering and form  
a part of our inquiry base. And frankly speaking, the defence facility is a very 
large facility, it's not fully built . We have only built  Bay 1 and this is one of four 
large facilities that can be erected on the same premises as per the master plan. 
 
We're at the very start and inception. We're not limiting o urselves. We're going 
after everything that rotates, frankly speaking, as far as the Navy is concerned 
and our immediate focus is on how do we branch out and address the 
requirements of the other branches of the armed services. 
 
Abhisar Jain: Sure, I look forward to coming to this plant and look at it. It looks very interesting 
and a very long -term good thing for us. Thank you so much for answering the 
questions. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Nisha Garg from Samco Mutual Fund . 
Please go ahead. 
 
Nisha Garg: Good evening. My first question is, there is a significant improvement in your 
sugar recovery to 10.5% till December  2025 as compared to last year 9.1%. 
Could you please advise us the key factors contributing to this? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Absolutely. I think in the 2 sugar years, and I think the trend is even better, 
frankly speaking. But in the 2 sugar years, we had very high quantum of 
unseasonal rainfall in the previous year, which impacted the recoveries. We also 
had disease and pests as much significant , a much higher portion of diseases 
and pests, especially the red rots that impacted 238 variety for Triveni in the 
sugar year 2024-2025. 
 
In the sugar year 2025-2026, which is the year under review, the one that you 
talked about right now, actually, the disease has been under all limits, and our 
limits are very stringent, and so therefore, means that healthier cane, non -
disease cane comes to the sugar factories. I think the quantum of rainfall that 
has fallen this year has also been pretty good with the exception of our factory 
at Deoband which had excessive rainfall. 
 
However, the only negative factor this year there's been some incidents of some 
new pests, white flies etc and so our performance could have been even better, 
frankly speaking. And the hope is that for the plant cane crop, a lot of this gets 
abated. Also, the recoveries are not apples -to-apples comparison because we 
had a couple of our sugar factories in the previous year that were operating with 
B-heavy molasses, which obviously takes out a little bit. So I'm not sure if you 
were looking at the gross figure or the net figure of recoveries. But this year, all 
the sugar factories are operating on C -heavy molasses, so yo u will have to 
normalise the two. 
 
Nisha Garg: Okay. Got it. And my second point is, especially for UP, what is your current 
outlook on cane areas recovery and cane crush overall, this season v/s last 
year? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: So as I mentioned in my opening r emarks, we're looking at the production of 
Uttar Pradesh broadly the same this year v/s last year. So approximately 9 
million tonnes of sugar being produced last year at about the same amount , 
sorry, well, broadly speaking, I mean, a few percentage points here or there are 
out. Broadly, the same. 
[[page 15]]
 Page 14 of 16  
 
Nisha Garg: And cane area would also be approximately. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Cane area was a little bit higher this year than last year but yields in certain parts 
of the state have been lower. And we're seeing that, especially in central and 
the eastern parts of Uttar Pradesh and some parts of Western Uttar Pradesh as 
well. You're seeing that for a variety of agroclimatic reasons, the yields have not 
kept up, whereas the cane is very healthy. 
 
You can see that in terms of the recovery. It is by and large disease free. That 
is a result of not having  excess rainfall, et c and also a lot to do with the 
management and cane development that happens across the fact ories. 
However, due to some climatic reasons, we've not seen the yields keep on par. 
And I think that is a major focus area. 
 
As we move past the eradication of 238 variety for next year, the great plan has 
to be how we better manage the yields and agronom ic activity at the farm level 
including at Triveni to ensure that we actually get the most amount of cane. We 
have been fortuitous in terms of getting excellent allocations of cane area from 
the Government of Uttar Pradesh in terms of the reservation policies. And I think 
that should have a positive result for our overall performance this year v/s last 
year. However, at this particular point in time, we're halfway through the season, 
and there is half of the season that's still remains. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Rajesh Majumdar from 361 Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity.  My first question was on the sugar 
prices outlook. Of course, you mentioned the fact that MSP can still come, which 
I'm not doubting. But suppose this year, we end up with 6 million tonnes 
inventory and in all likelihood, next year, there is a 60% possibility of El Nino, 
which means the next year crop will also be lower. In which case, will the 
inventory position come to such a point that the prices can go up even much 
stronger from the current levels? And a related question is that like you've seen 
many years ago governments step in to put a cap on the sugar price. Yes, your 
thoughts on that? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: The government hasn't placed a cap on sugar price per se. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: No. Not yet. But if it goes, let's say, ₹45 - ₹46. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: I'll answer your complete question. I think we're dealing in the realm of 
possibilities and percentages and to extend the same example, let me also tell 
you about the history. In the last 15 years, to the best of my knowledge, there 
have been 4 years that have been considered El Nino years, not one has 
happened, not one. And in the last 15 years, only one year has been below the 
long-term average of rainfall across the country, only one. Now statistically 
speaking, for as long as monsoon or rainfall data ex ists in India, that has never 
happened. That has never ever happened. So you could extend that example 
as well. But every year, you extend it, we have a great monsoon. 
 
I won't go into the hypothetical. But the fact that the matter is that you do have 
some amount of buffer in terms of the sugar that is diverted towards the ethanol 
blending program. And you have a huge quantums of grain that is available at 
reasonable prices across the country. So it's not that the ethanol blending 
program is going to suffer . And we at, Triveni, that is why we have got large 
portions, majority of our distilleries, et c are multi -feed distilleries only for that 
eventuality that if you have lower cane availability in the country. 
 
[[page 16]]
 Page 15 of 16  
For any reason, as there is a push towards makin g the sugar for domestic 
consumption, then you have to keep your distilleries gainfully occupied. And you 
do that because you've got dual feed capabilities. Now, to your question about 
sugar prices. Sugar prices will obviously go up where we are not immune to the 
forces of demand and supply. And if you see a substantial difference in terms of 
projected closing stock. And now I'm talking about September 2027, which is 
the year that you're talking about. You can see prices go up quite substantially. 
If you look at sugar inflation and track it for 10 years, we are well below agri price 
or rather food inflation, well below. 
 
We are tracking at 50 %-60% below food inflation for the same period of time. 
So I would say it is about time that our prices go up. Is ₹45 significant? No, of 
course, not. It's nothing. I think ₹45 even today, the government will be happy 
with. It's if the price goes to ₹60 that you have something to worry about. Not at 
₹45. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: In the last 15 years, I think there's one instance where the government has 
imposed the cap, if I'm not mistaken. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Yes. There is one instance, yes. But even that was highly restrictive. It was for 
certain quantities, not for other quantities, et c., and if I remember correctly, it 
was at the very end of the levy sugar era. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: Right. That's helpful. And secondly, I had a question on Sir Shadi Lal, despite of 
a large increase in the crush and prices going up, we are still seeing the gross 
recoveries lower in SSEL. Why is this? And when can we expect this company 
to turn around realistically? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: It's an excellent question. As I mentioned, we've had very good yields. We've 
got good areas. However, we've had a breakout in something called white fly, 
very specifically only in that part of the state, and we have factories close by 
where we don't see the incidence of this pest. 
 
This has created some amount of nuisance factor in the ratoon supply. The hope 
is that when plant cane starts coming in full in Shamli, we will be back. It infected 
the ratoon. That does not mean that it's going to affect the plant. And we will see 
the plant cane supplies coming I think 100% in Shamli in the next 10 days -or-
so. And that is wh en you should see the expectations for the remainder of this 
year. That's one. 
 
The second thing is that in the month of November for some strange reason, 
there was a little bit of urea dosing that farmers in Western Uttar Pradesh did 
because of their perception of climatic factors. This turned out to be a little bit of 
a negative. And this is something that we will very strongly discourage. It does 
not happen at any of our other sugar factories. And we've had relationships for 
50-60-70-100 years. Shamli being a new unit and the relationships speak new, 
our sway over the farming population needs to improve and increase so that 
they don't engage in practices where the 350,000 farmers that deal with us in 
other 7 factories don't engage in a cross the state.  So we have to do that. And 
we've noticed that these are two possible and probable issues for the 
underperformance of Shamli. I do think that there is positive news ahead in 
terms of the remainder of the sugar season as far as Shamli recove ry is 
concerned. We've also had a couple of breakdowns, which led to intermittent 
factory operations at Shamli. It is an old factory , while despite doing a lot of 
repair and maintenance, there were 2 significant breakdowns that had an 
operational impact on the plant. Again, things that we have resolved, and we will 
completely resolve it during this off season. 
 
[[page 17]]
 Page 16 of 16  
Rajesh Majumdar: Just one added question here. Can we expect the sugar year 2025-2026 to be 
still loss -making for Sir Shadi Lal . And should we take next year as a 
turnaround? What would be a sort of that? That's all. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: I think that is a very fair assumption. 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management team for closing comments. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us today for the Q3 nine 
months fiscal 2026 results earnings conference call for Triveni Engineering. I 
think the next time we speak in all probability, this will be two separate 
companies. And with that, I would like to thank everybody that has participated 
over the years of this call for your valuable feedback and constructive feedback 
and guidance to the management team of Triveni Engineering. 
 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. We are deeply appreciative of your 
constructive commentary. Over the next few months, we anticipate very good 
news as far as the Power Transmission business is concerned in terms of order 
booking, in terms of new wins in export markets, et c. We also book for a big 
rebound that we see domestically. 
 
As far as sugar is concerned, I think all the bad news is pretty much out of the 
picture across the Distillery and Sugar segment. And anything that happens for 
here will have a direct positive impact on pricing and therefore improve margins 
further. That is my hope for the next few months. How much of that converts to 
the reality we will see. And it i s very much in line, even with the last question 
asked by the last speaker about Sir Shadi Lal. Frankly speaking, if sugar prices 
rise by 5%, then yes, it will be a profitable year for every single factory, a very 
big difference and a big bounce back even for our subsidiary today. So all of 
those things are possibilities, and we hope that they all fructify. 
 
Thank you again for your time. We look forward to speaking to you in about three 
and half months. 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, 
consistency with published information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, 
in some cases it may be incomplete or inaccu rate due  to inaudible passages or transcription erro rs. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding the 
proceedings of the event but should not be treated as an authoritative record. 
 
 
 