Walker Chandiok & Co LLP
Walker Chandiok & CoLLP
5th Floor, No.65/2, Block “A”,
Bagmane Tridib, Bagmane
Tech Park, C V Raman Nagar,
Bengaluru 560093
T +91 80 4243 0700
F +91 80 4126 1228
Independent Auditor's Review Report on Standalone Unaudited Quarterly Financial Results of the
Company pursuant to the Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (as amended)
To the Board of Directors of Shriram Properties Limited

1. We have reviewed the accompanying statement of standalone unaudited financial results (‘the Statement’)
of Shriram Properties Limited (‘the Company’) for the quarter ended 30 June 2026, being submitted by the
Company pursuant to the requirements of Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) (‘Listing Regulations’).

2. The Statement, which is the responsibility of the Company's management and approved by the Company’s Board
of Directors, has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in
Indian Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (‘Ind AS 34’), prescribed under section 133 of the
Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and is in compliance
with the presentation and disclosure requirements of Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations. Our responsibility
is to express a conclusion on the Statement based on our review.

3. We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE)
2410, Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity, issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries,
primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review
procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the Standards on
Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Act, and consequently, does not enable us to obtain assurance
that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not
express an audit opinion.

4. Based on our review conducted as above, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the
accompanying Statement, prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in
Ind AS 34, prescribed under section 133 of the Act, and other accounting principles generally accepted in India,
has not disclosed the information required to be disclosed in accordance with the requirements of Regulation 33
of the Listing Regulations, including the manner in which it is to be disclosed, or that it contains any material
misstatement.

Chartered Accountants Walker Chandiok & Co LLP is registered
with limited liability with identification

Offices in Bengaluru, Chandigarh, Chennai, Gurugram, Hyderabad, Kochi, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi, Noida and Pune number AAC-2085 and its registered office
at L-41 Connaught Circus, New Delhi,
110001, India
