Walker Chandiok & Co LLP
5th Floor, No.65/2, Block “A”,
Bagmane Tridib, Bagmane
Tech Park, C V Raman Nagar,
Bengaluru 560093
T +91 80 4243 0700
F +91 80 4126 1228
Independent Auditor's Review Report on Consolidated Unaudited Quarterly Financial Results of the Company
pursuant to the Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(as amended)
To the Board of Directors of Shriram Properties Limited

1. We have reviewed the accompanying statement of unaudited consolidated financial results (‘the Statement’) of Shriram
Properties Limited (‘the Holding Company’) and its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries together
referred to as ‘the Group’), its joint ventures (refer Annexure 1 for the list of subsidiaries and joint ventures included in
the Statement) for the quarter ended 30 June 2026, being submitted by the Holding Company pursuant to the
requirements of Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as
amended) (‘Listing Regulations’).

2. This Statement, which is the responsibility of the Holding Company's management and approved by the Holding
Company's Board of Directors, has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid
down in Indian Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (‘Ind AS 34’), prescribed under section 133 of the
Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and is in compliance with
the presentation and disclosure requirements of Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations. Our responsibility is to express
a conclusion on the Statement based on our review.

3. We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410,
Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity, issued by the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of India. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of
persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review
is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under
section 143(10) of the Act, and consequently, does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of
all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

We also performed procedures in accordance with the circular issued by the SEBI under Regulation 33 (8) of the Listing
Regulations, to the extent applicable.

4. Based on our review conducted and procedures performed as stated in paragraph 3 above, nothing has come to our
attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying Statement, prepared in accordance with the recognition and
measurement principles laid down in Ind AS 34, prescribed under section 133 of the Act, and other accounting principles
generally accepted in India, has not disclosed the information required to be disclosed in accordance with the
requirements of Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations, including the manner in which it is to be disclosed, or that it
contains any material misstatement.

Chartered Accountants Walker Chandiok & Co LLP is registered
with limited liability with identification

Offices in Bengaluru, Chandigarh, Chennai, Gurugram, Hyderabad, Kochi, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi, Noida and Pune number AAC-2085 and its registered office
at L-41 Connaught Circus, New Delhi,
110001, India
