
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
DYNACONS 
SOLUTIONS THAT EMPOWER 
September 07, 2020 
BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Relations Department, 
1*Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400001 
Script Code: BSE 532365 / NSE DSSL 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Annual Re} 
  
Pursuant to Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), please find enclosed herewith Annual Report of the Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd. for Financial 
Year 2019-2020. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking You, 
For Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd. 
  
Company Secretary 
CC: National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Mumbai 
Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited 
(CIN NO : L72200MH1995PLC093130 
Certified ISO 9001:2008, ISO 20000-1:2011, ISO 27001:2013 
Registered Office : 78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, Irla Lane, Vile Parle West, Mumbai - 400 056. 
Corporate Office : 3rd Floor, A Wing, Sunteck Centre, Subhash Road, Near Garware Chowk, Vile Parle East, Mumbai - 400 057. 
‘GE +91-22-66889900 | Wi +91-22-26716641 @® www.dynacons.com | Ma sales@dynacons.com 1860-123-4444

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
202025THANNUAL
REPORT
A Year of Accomplishments
BRIDGING
THEDIGITAL
DISCONNECT
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
ISO-9001:2008
 ISO-14001:2015
 ISO-2000-1:2011
 ISO-27001:2013
Overviewofourcompany
KnowDynacons
SpecialtyCertiﬁcation
Highlyexperiencedandprofessionalmanagementteam.
Strategicallianceswithglobaltechnologycompanies.
Advancedtechnologycapabilitiestodelivercomprehensivesolutionstoourcustomers.
Over2000clientsrangingfromverticalslikebanking,government,pharmaceuticals,insurance,
education,services,manufacturing,healthcare,energy,retailandtelecom.
TechnologyDrivenBusinessModel
Wehavesolutionarchitects,systemsintegratorsandconsultants,programandprojectmanagerswho
arethoroughlytrainedinthelatestbusinesstoolsandtechnologies.Wehavetheskillsandexpertise
neededtotakeyourvisionforanagile,integratedenterpriseandmakeitreal.
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
Ourbigtie-ups
WeWorkWith
Globaldelivery&executionthroughpartnershipswithglobalplayers

===== PDF PAGE 5 =====

===== PDF PAGE 6 =====

===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
Multi-CentreSupportAhmedabad
Akola
Aurangabad
Bangalore
Baroda
Bhilai
Bhopal
Bhubaneshwar
Bikaner
Bilaspur
Bokaro
Calicut
Chandigarh
Chennai
Cochin
Coimbatore
Chandrapur
Cuttack
Daman
Delhi
Dehradun
Dhule
Gandhidham
Goa
Gurgaon
Guwahati
Gwalior
Hubli
Hyderabad
Indore
Jaipur
Jalgaon
Jabalpur
Jamnagar
Jamshedpur
Kandla
Kanpur
Jodhpur
Kochi
Kolkata
Kolhapur
Lucknow
Ludhiana
Miraj
Mumbai
Madurai
Mangalore
Mysore
Nasik
Nagpur
Nanded
Patna
Pune
Pondichery
Ratnagiri
Raipur
Ranchi
Ratlam
Rajkot
Roha
Satara
Sawantwadi
Solapur
Surat
Salem
Trichi
Trivandrum
Udaipur
Varanasi
Vishakhapatnam
Vijaywada
++ManyMore
OurOﬃces
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
OUROFFERINGS
SystemIntegration
NetworkingSolutions
Security&Surveillance
Services
DatacenterSolutions
WorkplaceSolutions
ManagedServices
ProjectManagement
&Execution

===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
8
DYNACONS SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED
CORPORATE INFORMATION 
Profit and Loss Account 101
Balance Sheet 142
CONTENTS
Secretarial Audit Report 45
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Notice 9
Corporate Governance Report 69
Balance Sheet 100
Cash Flow Statement 102
Notes Forming Part of The Financial Statements 104
Director’s Report 36
Auditor’s Report 92
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Auditor’s Report 135
Profit and Loss Account 143
Cash Flow Statement 144
Notes Forming Part of The Financial Statements 146
Shri. Shirish M. Anjaria  Chairman cum Managing Director
Shri. Parag J. Dalal  Executive Director
Shri. Dharmesh S. Anjaria   Executive Director
Shri. Viren Shah Director
Shri. Dilip Palicha Director 
Smt. Archana Phadke  Director 
Shri. Jitesh Jain Director 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Registrar & Transfer Agents
Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd.,
1st Floor, Bharat Tin Works
Building, Opp. Vasant Oasis, 
Makwana Road,
Marol, Andheri East, 
Mumbai - 400 059.
PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Bank of Baroda 
COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Ravishankar Singh
REGD. OFFICE
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, 
Irla Lane, Vile Parle (W), 
Mumbai – 400 056
AUDITORS
M/s. M S P & Co.
Charted Accountants
Mumbai.
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
9
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE TWENTY FIFTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF THE 
MEMBERS OF DYNACONS SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED WILL BE HELD ON WEDNESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 30TH, 2020 AT 03:00 P.M. INDIAN STANDARD TIME (“IST”) BY MEANS OF VIDEO 
CONFERENCING (“VC”) / OTHER AUDIO VISUAL MEANS (“OAVM”) ON ACCOUNT OF 
OUTBREAK OF COVID-19 (CORONAVIRUS) PANDEMIC AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
RELEVANT CIRCULARS ISSUED BY THE MINISTRY OF CORPORATE AFFAIRS, TO TRANSACT 
THE FOLLOWING BUSINESS:
 ORDINARY BUSINESS 
2. To conﬁrm the payment of Interim Dividend as the ﬁnal dividend on Equity shares for Financial Year 
2019-2020.
 To consider and if thought ﬁt to pass, the following resolution as Special Resolution
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections  42, 62(1)(c) and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of 
Securities) Rules, 2014, the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and other 
applicable rules made there under (including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof 
for the time being in force), the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association 
of the Company, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the “SEBI ICDR Regulations”) and the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as amended from time to time, the listing agreements entered into by the 
Company with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on which the equity shares 
of the Company having face value of Rs.10 each (“Equity Shares”) are listed, the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 as 
amended (the “SEBI SAST Regulations”) and subject to any other rules, regulations, guidelines, 
notiﬁcations, circulars and clariﬁcations issued thereunder from time to time by the Ministry of 
Corporate Aﬀairs, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), the Reserve Bank of India 
(“RBI”), BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“Stock Exchanges”) and/or any 
other competent authorities (hereinafter referred to as “Applicable Regulatory Authorities”), wherever 
applicable and subject to such approvals, consents and permissions as may be necessary or required 
and subject to such conditions as may be applicable (including any alterations, modiﬁcations, 
corrections, changes and variations, if any, that may be stipulated while granting such approvals, 
permissions, sanctions and consents as the case may be required) by any other regulatory authorities 
which may be agreed to and/or accepted by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred 
to as “Board” which term shall be deemed to include any duly constituted / to be constituted Committee 
of Directors thereof to exercise its powers including powers conferred under this resolution) and subject 
to any other alterations, modiﬁcations, conditions, corrections, changes and variations that may be 
decided by the Board in its absolute discretion, the consent of the Members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded to the Board to create, oﬀer, issue and allot in one or more tranches upto 35,20,000 
warrants convertible into equity shares at a price of Rs. 28/- per warrant, each convertible into One (1) 
equity share of face value of Rs. 10/- each at a premium of Rs. 18/- per share aggregating to Rs. 
9,85,60,000/- (Rupees Nine Crore Eighty-Five Lakhs Sixty Thousand only) to Promoter and Promoter 
NOTICE
3. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Shirish Anjaria (Din: 00444104), who retires from the oﬃce of 
Chairman cum Managing director by rotation and being eligible, oﬀers himself for re-appointment.
 SPECIAL BUSINESS
4. Issue of Warrants convertible into Equity shares to Promoter and Promoter Group/relatives of 
promoter, of the Company on Preferential basis
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Balance Sheet and Proﬁt & Loss Account for the ﬁnancial 
year ended as at March 31, 2020, the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the said ﬁnancial 
year and the Reports of Board of Directors and Auditors thereon.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
10
Group, relatives of promoter as speciﬁed below, on a preferential basis, for cash and in such form and 
manner and in accordance with the provisions of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and SEBI Takeover 
Regulations or other applicable laws and on such terms and conditions as the Board may, in its absolute 
discretion think ﬁt and without requiring any further approval or consent from the Members.
 b) Each Warrants is convertible into One (1) Equity Share and the conversion can be exercised by 
warrant holder(s) at any time during the period of Eighteen (18) months from the date of allotment of 
Warrants convertible into Equity Shares, in one or more tranches, as the case may be and on such 
other terms and conditions as applicable; 
 d) An amount  equivalent to 25% of the issue price will be payable at the time of subscription of 
Warrants convertible into Equity Shares, as prescribed by the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, which 
would be adjusted by the Company and appropriated against the issue price of the Equity Shares. 
The balance of 75% of the issue price of the equity shares shall be payable by the warrant holder(s) 
at the time of exercising conversion of warrants.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 
the relevant date for the Preferential Issue of the Warrants convertible into Equity Shares is 31st August 
2020, being the date 30 days prior to the date of this Annual General Meeting (“Relevant Date”). 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the generality of the above, the issue of Equity 
Warrants shall be subject to following terms: 
 a) The proposed Warrants convertible into Equity Shares shall be issued and allotted by the Company 
within a period of Fifteen (15) days from the date of passing of this resolution provided that where the 
issue and allotment of the proposed Warrants convertible into Equity Shares is pending on account 
of pendency of any approval for such issue and allotment by any regulatory authority or the Central 
Government, the issue and allotment shall be completed within a period of Fifteen (15) days from the 
date receipt of last of such approvals; 
 c) The Warrants convertible into Equity Shares proposed to be issued shall be subject to appropriate 
adjustment, if during the interim period, the Company makes any issue of equity shares by way of 
capitalization of proﬁts or reserves, upon demerger / realignment, rights issue or undertakes 
consolidation / sub-division / re-classiﬁcation of equity shares or such other similar events or 
circumstances requiring adjustments as permitted under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and all other 
applicable regulations from time to time; 
 e) The warrant holder(s) shall be entitled to exercise the option of exercising any or all of the warrants 
convertible into equity shares in one or more tranches by way of a written notice which shall be given 
 7 Devangi Dalal 80,000 Promoter Group
 Sr. No. Name of the Applicant Number of Warrants applied Category
 3 Dharmesh Anjaria 3,20,000 Promoter
 4 Shirish Anjaria (HUF) 1,60,000 Promoter Group
 5 Parag Dalal (HUF) 1,60,000 Promoter Group
 1 Shirish Anjaria 3,20,000 Promoter
 6 Dharmesh Anjaria (HUF) 1,60,000 Promoter Group
 2 Parag Dalal 3,20,000 Promoter
 9 Hasumati Dalal 80,000 Promoter Group
 13 Dhvani Dalal 40,000 Relative of Promoter 
 8 Nilam Anjaria 1,60,000 Promoter Group
 10 Jigna Anjaria 80,000 Promoter Group
  Total 35,20,000
 12 Pankti Dalal 40,000 Relative of Promoter 
 11 Trigem Infosolutions Limited 16,00,000 Promoter Group
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 f) The Equity Shares to be so allotted on exercise of warrants convertible into equity shares shall be in 
dematerialized form and shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of 
Association of the Company and shall rank pari passu in all respects including dividend, with the 
existing equity shares of the Company; 
 g) In the event the warrant holder(s) does not exercise the warrants convertible into equity shares 
within Eighteen (18) months from the date of allotment of the warrants, then such warrants 
convertible into equity shares shall lapse and the amount paid shall stand forfeited by the Company; 
 h) The Equity Shares arising from the exercise of conversion of the warrants will be listed on Stock 
Exchanges where the Equity Shares of the Company are listed, subject to the receipt of necessary 
regulatory permissions and approvals as the case may be and shall inter-alia be governed by the 
regulations and guidelines issued by SEBI or any other statutory authority; 
 i) The Warrants and Equity Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants shall be locked-in 
as prescribed under the SEBI ICDR Regulations from time to time
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all action(s) taken by the Board or Committee(s) thereof, any 
Director(s)/Company Secretary or Oﬃcer(s) or any other authorised signatory/ies of the Company in 
connection with any matter(s) referred to or contemplated in the foregoing resolution be and are hereby 
approved, ratiﬁed and conﬁrmed in all respects.”
5. Alteration of Share capital and variation of rights clause of Articles of Association of the 
Company
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to provisions of Section 14 of the Companies Act, 2013 and all other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules framed there under 
(including any statutory modiﬁcations or re-enactments thereof for the time being in force) and subject 
to approvals, permissions and sanctions from the appropriate authorities, if any, approval and consent 
of the members of the company be and is hereby accorded to insert a new Clause IV(iii) and IV(iv) after 
existing Clause No. IV(i) and IV(ii) of Articles of Association of the Company as under:
 To consider, and if thought ﬁt, to approve and pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving eﬀect to this Resolution, the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, 
deem necessary, desirable or expedient, including without limitation, issuing clariﬁcations, resolving all 
questions of doubt, eﬀecting any modiﬁcations or changes to the foregoing (including modiﬁcation to 
the terms of the issue), entering into contracts, arrangements, agreements, documents (including for 
appointment of agencies, intermediaries and advisors for the Issue) and to authorize all such persons 
as may be necessary, in connection therewith and incidental thereto as the Board in its absolute 
discretion shall deem ﬁt without being required to seek any fresh approval of the Members and to settle 
all questions, diﬃculties or doubts that may arise in regard to the oﬀer, issue and allotment of the 
Warrants convertible into Equity shares and allotment of Equity shares on conversion of warrants 
convertible into Equity shares and listing thereof with the Stock Exchanges as appropriate and 
utilization of proceeds of the issue, take all other steps which may be incidental, consequential, 
relevant or ancillary in this connection and to eﬀect any modiﬁcation to the foregoing and the decision 
of the Board shall be ﬁnal and conclusive.
to the Company, specifying the number of warrants proposed to be converted along with the 
aggregate amount payable thereon, prior to or at the time of conversion. The Company shall 
accordingly, without any further approval from the Members of the Company, issue and allot the 
corresponding number of Equity Shares and perform such actions as required to credit the Equity 
Shares to the depository account of the warrant holder.; 
 Insertion of Point IV(iii) and IV(iv) under Head Share Capital and Variation of Rights with the 
following: 
 IV(iii)-Where at any time, the Company proposes to increase its subscribed capital by the issue of 
11
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Scheme may also envisage provisions for providing ﬁnancial 
assistance to the Eligible Employees to enable them to acquire, purchase or subscribe to the said 
Securities of the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Act/Regulations.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the company be and is hereby authorized to 
take all such steps and actions for the purpose of making all such ﬁlings and registrations as may be 
required in relation to the aforesaid amendment to the Articles of Association and further to do all such 
acts and deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary to give eﬀect to this resolution.”
further shares, such as Equity shares or Debentures (whether or not convertible into Equity Shares) it 
may as they deem ﬁt, for the purpose of providing incentive to any persons, oﬃcers, employees and 
workers of the Company including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, formulation of 
schemes for the subscription under sweat equity, scheme of employees' stock option plan (ESOP) or 
employee stock purchase plan (ESOS)  either for cash or for a consideration other than cash, subject 
to the rules and such other conditions, as may be prescribed under Law and subject to Special 
Resolution passed by the Company, wherever required and to formulate, create, institute or set up 
such schemes, trusts, plans or proposals, committee(s) etc. and subject to the consent of the Stock 
Exchanges and Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), the Directors may impose the 
condition that the shares in or debentures of the Company so allotted shall not be transferable for a 
speciﬁed period. 
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 42, 62 (1) (b) of the Companies Act, 
2013(“the Act”) and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Act, including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment of the Act for the 
time being in force and in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of 
Association of the Company and the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board Of India (Share 
Based Employee  Beneﬁts) Regulations, 2014 including any modiﬁcations thereof or supplements 
thereto (“the SEBI SBEB Regulations”), SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“the SEBI LODR Regulations”), the Listing Agreement entered into with the 
Stock Exchange where the securities of the Company are listed and any other applicable laws for the 
time being in force and subject to such other consents, permissions, sanctions and approvals which 
may be agreed by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which 
term shall be deemed to include the Nomination and Remuneration Committee), consent of the 
Shareholders be and is hereby accorded to introduce and implement the ‘Dynacons- Employees 
Stock Option Plan 2020’(“ESOP -2020”) the salient features of which are detailed in the Explanatory 
Statement to this Notice and to create, grant, oﬀer, issue and allot at any time in one or more tranches 
to or for the beneﬁt of such person(s) who are in the permanent employment of the Company, whether 
working in India or outside India, including Director of the Company, whether Whole-time director or 
not, but excluding Promoter, Promoter group and independent Directors and such other persons as 
may from time to time be allowed to be eligible for the beneﬁt under the provisions of applicable laws 
and Regulations prevailing from time to time (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Employees”) 
selected on the basis of criteria decided by the Board under the ESOP-2020, such number of stock 
options convertible into Equity Shares of the Company (“Options”), in one or more tranches, not 
exceeding 15,00,000 (Fifteen Lakhs) equity shares of face value of Rs. 10/-each (Rupees Ten), at 
such price and on such terms and conditions as may be ﬁxed or determined by the Board in 
accordance with the ESOP-2020, and all provisions of applicable laws.
 To consider, and if thought ﬁt, to approve and pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 IV(iv)-The Board of directors of the Company may list its Shares, Debentures (whether or not 
convertible into Equity Shares), sweat equity, Securities, stocks on Stock exchanges and other 
Foreign Exchanges subject to the Rules and such other conditions, as may be prescribed under 
applicable Laws.
6. Approval of ‘Dynacons-Employees Stock Option Plan 2020’
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to issue and allot Equity 
12
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case the equity shares of the Company are either sub-divided or 
consolidated, then the number of equity shares to be issued and allotted on exercise of Options granted 
under the ESOP-2020 and the exercise price of Options granted under the ESOP-2020 shall 
automatically stand augmented or reduced, as the case may be, in the same proportion as the present 
face value of Rs. 10/-per equity share bears to their revised face value of the equity shares of the 
Company after such sub-division or consolidation, without aﬀecting any other rights or obligations of the 
employees who have been granted Stock Options under the ESOP-2020.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issues, bonus issues, 
merger and sale of division or other re-organisation of capital structure of the Company, as applicable 
from time to time, if any additional equity shares are issued by the Company for the purpose of making a 
fair and reasonable adjustment to the Stock Options granted earlier, the above ceiling shall be deemed 
to be increased to the extent of such additional equity shares issued.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving eﬀect to this Resolution, the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, 
deem necessary, expedient or proper and to settle all questions, diﬃculties or doubts that may arise in 
relation to formulation and implementation of the ESOP-2020 at any stage including at the time of listing 
of the equity shares issued herein without requiring the Board to secure any further consent or approval 
of the Members of the Company to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this Resolution.
 To consider, and if thought ﬁt, to approve and pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any powers 
conferred herein to Nomination and Remuneration Committee or such other Committees, with power to 
sub-delegate to any Executives/Oﬃcers of the Company to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
as also to execute such documents, writings etc., as may be necessary in this regard.”
7. To extend approval of ‘Dynacons- Employees Stock Option Plan 2020’ to the employees of 
Holding Company and its Subsidiary Company (ies):
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board shall take necessary steps for listing of the Equity Shares 
allotted under the ESOP-2020 on the Stock Exchanges, where the Shares of the Company are listed in 
accordance with the provisions of the SEBI SBEB Regulations, the SEBI LODR Regulations and other 
applicable laws and regulations.
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 42, 62 (1) (b) of the Companies Act,2013 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board is hereby authorised to make any modiﬁcations, changes, 
variations, alterations or revisions in the ESOP-2020 as it may deem ﬁt, from time to time or to suspend, 
withdraw or revive the ESOP-2020 from time to time, in conformity with applicable laws, provided such 
variations, modiﬁcations, alterations or revisions are not detrimental to the interests of the Employees.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Nomination and Remuneration Committee be designated as the 
Compensation Committee in accordance with Regulation 5(1) of the SEBI SBEB Regulations for the 
purposes of administration of ESOP-2020. 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the generality of the above the Board, which 
includes the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is authorised to formulate, evolve, decide upon 
and implement the ESOP-2020, determine the detailed terms and conditions of the aforementioned 
ESOP-2020 including but not limited to the quantum of the Options to be granted per employee, the 
number of Options to be granted in each tranche, the terms or combination of terms subject to which the 
said Options are to be granted, the exercise period, the vesting period, the vesting conditions, instances 
where such Stock Options shall lapse and to grant such number of Options, to such employees of the 
Company, at price, at such time and on such terms and conditions as set out in the ESOP-2020 and as 
the Board or the Nomination and Remuneration Committee may in its absolute discretion think ﬁt.
Shares directly to the eligible Employees upon exercise of Options from time to time in accordance with 
the ESOP-2020 and such equity shares shall rank pari-passu in all respects with the then existing equity 
shares of the Company.
13
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving eﬀect to this Resolution, the Board be 
authorized to determine terms and conditions of issue of the Securities and do all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary for such purpose and with power 
on behalf of the Company to settle any questions, diﬃculties or doubts that may arise in this regard 
without requiring to secure any further consent or approval of the Shareholders of the Company.”
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of creating, oﬀering, issuing, allotting and listing of the 
Securities, the Board be authorized on behalf of the Company to make any modiﬁcations, changes, 
variations, alterations or revisions in the ESOP– 2020 from time to time or to suspend, withdraw or 
revive ESOP– 2020 from time to time, provided such variations, modiﬁcations, alterations or revisions 
are not detrimental to the interests of the Employees.
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(b) and all other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (which deems to include the provisions the Companies Act, 1956 
applicable, if any, for the time being in force), the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the 
Company, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Beneﬁts) Regulations, 
2014 and subject to such other approvals, permissions and sanctions as may be necessary and subject 
to such conditions and modiﬁcations as may be prescribed or imposed while granting such approvals, 
permissions and sanctions and notwithstanding ceiling limit for Grant of Option during any one 
Financial Year to any employee or director of the Company and its Holding Company or its Subsidiary 
Company not exceeding One per cent of the issued Capital of the Company, consent of the 
Shareholders be and is hereby accorded for Grant of options to identiﬁed employees under 
‘Dynacons- Employees Stock Option Plan 2020 (ESOP – 2020) during any One year, equal to or 
exceeding One per cent but not exceeding Two per cent of the issued capital (excluding outstanding 
warrants and conversions) of the Company at the time of Grant of option in one or more tranches, on 
such terms and in such manner as stated in ‘Dynacons- Employees Stock Option Plan 2020’.
(“the Act”) and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Act, the Securities and Exchange Board Of India (Share Based Employee  
Beneﬁts) Regulations, 2014 including any modiﬁcations thereof or supplements thereto (“the SEBI 
SBEB Regulations”), SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“the SEBI LODR Regulations”), the Listing Agreement entered into with the Stock Exchanges where 
the securities of the Company are listed and any other applicable laws for the time being in force and 
subject to such other consents, permissions, sanctions and approvals as may be necessary and subject 
to such consents, permissions, sanctions and approvals which may be agreed to by the Board of 
Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Board”, which term shall be deemed to include 
any Committee including the Nomination and Remuneration Committee to exercise the powers 
conferred by this Resolution), consent and approval of the Shareholders be and is hereby accorded to 
extend the beneﬁts of ‘Dynacons- Employees Stock Option Plan 2020’(“ESOP- 2020”) proposed in the 
resolution number 6 above to such persons who are in the permanent employment of the Holding 
Company and its subsidiary company(ies) (whether now or hereafter existing, whether incorporated in 
India or overseas as may be from time to time be allowed under the prevailing laws, rules and 
regulations and / or any amendments thereto from time to time), whether working in India or out of India 
and to the directors of the Holding Company or its Subsidiary Companies, and to such other persons as 
may from time to time be allowed, under prevailing laws, rules and regulations, and/or amendments 
thereto from time to time, on such terms and conditions as may be decided by the Board, and selected 
on the basis of criteria prescribed by the Board, at such price or prices in one or more tranches and on 
such terms and conditions, as may be ﬁxed or determined by the Board in accordance with the 
ESOP–2020.
8. Grant of Options to issue securities equal to or exceeding One per cent but not exceeding Two 
per cent of the issued Capital of the Company during any One ﬁnancial year to identiﬁed 
employees under Dynacons- Employees Stock Option Plan 2020:
 To consider, and if thought ﬁt, to approve and pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
14
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with Schedule IV to the Act (including any statutory 
modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualiﬁcation of Directors) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, and pursuant 
to the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors, Mrs. 
Archana Vinayak Phadke (Din no.: 07138774), who was appointed as an Independent Director of the 
Company by the Board of Directors with eﬀect from 30th September, 2015, and whose term of oﬃce 
expires at the Annual General Meeting and who has submitted a declaration that he meets the criteria 
for independence as provided under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the Securities 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in 
respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing under Section 160(1) of the Act from a 
Member, signifying his intention to propose Mrs. Archana Phadke candidature for the oﬃce of Director, 
be and is hereby re-appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by 
rotation, for a second term of ﬁve consecutive years till the conclusion of the  30th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company to be held in the year 2025. 
 To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass with or without modiﬁcation(s), the following resolution as a 
Special Resolution: 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including its committee 
thereof) and / or Company Secretary of the Company, be and are hereby authorized to do all such acts, 
deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient to give eﬀect to this 
resolution.” 
9. Re-appointment of Mrs. Archana Vinayak Phadke (Din no.: 07138774) as an Independent 
Director:
Registered Oﬃce
Place: Mumbai
Date: September 03, 2020
Irla Lane, Vile Parle (W), 
Mumbai – 400 056
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, 
CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130
Shirish M. Anjaria Parag J. Dalal
For Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Chairman cum   Executive Director
Managing Director DIN No: 00409894
DIN No: 00444104 
15
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
16
NOTES:
1. Considering the present Covid-19 pandemic, the Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs (“MCA”) has vide its 
circular dated May 5, 2020 read together with circulars dated April 8, 2020 and April 13, 2020 
(collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”) permitted convening the Annual General Meeting (“AGM” / 
“Meeting”) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”), without the 
physical presence of the members at a common venue. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the 
AGM of the Company is being held through VC / OAVM. The deemed venue for the AGM shall be the 
Registered Oﬃce of the Company.
3. Generally, a member entitled to attend and vote at the meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend 
and vote on a poll instead of himself and the proxy need not be a member of the Company. Since this 
AGM is being held through VC / OAVM pursuant to the MCA Circulars, physical attendance of members 
has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the members will not be 
available for the AGM and hence the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed hereto.
4. Since the AGM will be held through VC/ OAVM, the route map of the venue of the Meeting is not 
annexed hereto.
2. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) setting out 
material facts concerning the business under Item No. 4 to 9 of the Notice, is annexed hereto. The 
relevant details as required under Regulations 26(4) and 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India, in respect of Directors seeking appointment/reappointment at the Annual General 
Meeting for Item no. 3 and 9 is furnished as annexure to the Notice.
5. At the 22nd AGM held on September 29, 2017 the members approved appointment of M/s MSP & Co., 
Chartered Accountants Firm (Firm Registration No.107565W) as Statutory Auditors of the Company to 
hold oﬃce from the conclusion of 22nd AGM till the conclusion of the 27th AGM, subject to ratiﬁcation of 
their appointment by Members at every AGM. The requirement to place the matter relating to 
appointment of auditors for ratiﬁcation by Members at every AGM has been done away by the 
Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 with eﬀect from May 7, 2018. Accordingly, no resolution is being 
proposed for ratiﬁcation of appointment of auditors at the 25th AGM.
6. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended and as per SEBI in its press release 
dated December 03, 2018 had decided that securities of listed companies can be transferred only in 
dematerialized form with eﬀect from April 01, 2019. In view of the above and to avail the beneﬁts of 
dematerialization and ease portfolio management, Members are requested to consider dematerialize 
shares held by them in physical form.
7. Institutional / Corporate Shareholders (i.e. other than individuals / HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send a 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of its Board or governing body Resolution/Authorization etc. 
authorizing its representative to attend the AGM through VC / OAVM on its behalf and to vote through 
remote e-voting. The said Resolution/Authorization shall be sent to the Company by email through its 
registered email address to investor@dynacons.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in
9. The Members holding the shares in physical form may obtain the nomination form from the Company’s 
Registrar & Share transfer agent- Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd. (BSPL) and are requested to consider 
converting their holdings to dematerialized form to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares 
and for ease of portfolio management. Members can contact the Company or BSPL for assistance in 
this regard.
8. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 91 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Register of Members and 
Share Transfer books of the Company will remain closed from Thursday, the 24th day of September, 
2020 to Wednesday, the 30th day of September, 2020. (both days inclusive).
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
17
15. Members are requested to note that, dividends if not encashed for a consecutive period of 7 years from 
the date of transfer to Unpaid Dividend Account of the Company, are liable to be transferred to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”). The shares in respect of such unclaimed dividends 
are also liable to be transferred to the demat account of the IEPF Authority. In view of this, Members are 
requested to claim their dividends from the Company, within the stipulated timeline.
13. Pursuant to Rule 18(3) of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Members 
are requested to provide their e-mail id to the Company or Registrar and Share Transfer Agent in order 
to facilitate easy and faster dispatch of Notices of the general meetings and other communication by 
electronic mode from time to time.
 2. For receiving all communication (including Annual Report) from the Company electronically: 
14. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email 
address, telephone/ mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number (PAN), mandates, nominations, 
power of attorney, bank details such as, name of the bank and branch details, bank account number, 
MICR code, IFSC code, etc., to their DPs in case the shares are held by them in electronic form and to 
the Company’s Registrars and Transfer Agents, BSPL in case the shares are held by them in physical 
form.
11. Members holding shares in physical form, in identical order of names, in more than one folio are 
requested to send to the Company or BSPL, the details of such folios together with the share certiﬁcates 
for consolidating their holdings in one folio. A consolidated share certiﬁcate will be issued to such 
Members after making requisite changes.
10. Members desirous of getting any information in respect of the content of the annual report are 
requested to forward the queries to the Company at least 10 days prior to the annual general meeting so 
that the required information can be made available at the Company.
12. In case of joint holders attending the AGM, the Member whose name appears as the ﬁrst holder in the 
order of names as per the Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to vote.
16. Members who hold shares in dematerialized form are requested to log in with their DP ID and Client ID 
numbers for easy identiﬁcation of attendance at the meeting.
17. The Equity Shares of the Company are mandated for trading in the compulsory demat mode. The ISIN 
Number allotted for the Company’s shares is INE417B01040.
19. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility for making nomination is available for the 
Members in respect of the shares held by them. Members who have not yet registered their nomination 
are requested to register the same by submitting Form No. SH-13. Members holding shares in physical 
form may submit the same to BSPL. Members holding shares in electronic form may submit the same to 
their respective depository participant.
20. DISPATCH OF ANNUAL REPORT THROUGH ELECTRONIC MODE:
18. Annual Listing fees for the year 2020-2021 has been paid to all stock exchange wherein shares of the 
Company are listed.
 1. In compliance with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circular dated May 12, 2020, Notice of the AGM 
along with the Annual Report 2019-20 is being sent only through electronic mode to those Members 
whose email addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories. Members may note that the 
Notice and Annual Report 2019-20 will also be available on the Company’s website 
www.duconinfra.com, website of the Stock Exchanges, i.e., National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited at www.nseindia.com and BSE Limited at www. bseindia.com.
  a) Members holding shares in physical mode and who have not registered / updated their email 
address with the Company are requested to register / update the same by writing to the 
Company’s Registrar & Share transfer agent- Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd. (BSPL) with details of 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
18
22. Members of the Company under the category of Institutional Investors are encouraged to attend and 
vote at the AGM.
 The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below:
 1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
  Step 2 : Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system.
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
 2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholders’ section.
 III. The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their shares in the paid-up equity share capital 
of the Company as on the cut-oﬀ date.
  Step 1 : Log-in to NSDL e-Voting system at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
  b) Members holding shares in dematerialized mode are requested to register / update their email 
addresses with the relevant Depository Participant.
23. Voting through electronic means:
folio number and attaching a self-attested copy of PAN card at info@bigshareonline.com.
 I. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended by the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Amendment Rules, 2015 and regulation 44 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 
(Listing Regulations), the Company is pleased to provide members facility to exercise their right to 
vote on resolutions proposed to be considered at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) by electronic 
means and the business may be transacted through e-Voting Services as provided by National 
Securities Depository Limited (NSDL).
 IV. The Members who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend/ 
participate in the AGM through VC / OAVM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
 II. The remote e-voting period commences on Friday, September 25, 2020 (9:00 a.m. IST) and ends on 
Tuesday, September 29, 2020 (5:00 p.m. IST). During this period, Members holding shares either in 
physical form or in dematerialized form, as on Wednesday, September 23, 2020 i.e. cut-oﬀ date, may 
cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. 
Those Members, who will be present in the AGM through VC / OAVM facility and have not cast their 
vote on the Resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be 
eligible to vote through e-voting system during the AGM.
 V. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and becomes a Member of the Company after 
sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-oﬀ date, may obtain the login ID and password 
by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in. However, if he/she is already registered with NSDL for 
remote e-voting then he/she can use his/her existing User ID and password for casting the vote.
21. Members attending the AGM through VC / OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the 
quorum under Section 103 of the Act.
 VI. The details of the process and manner for remote e-voting are explained herein below:
 A. How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
 Details on Step 1 is mentioned below:
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
19
 a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast 
your vote.
 c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
5. Your password details are given below: 
 (i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. 
Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf ﬁle. Open the .pdf ﬁle. The password to open 
the .pdf ﬁle is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio 
number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf ﬁle contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial 
password’. 
 b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the ﬁrst time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ 
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the 
‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password.
 a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with 
NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
 b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
 (ii) If your email ID is not registered, your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your postal 
address. 
 c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and 
your registered address.
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
 d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-
Voting system of NSDL.
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat Your User ID is:
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
c) For Members holding shares in  EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered
Physical Form.    with the company
     For example if folio number is 001*** and
     EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 101456001***
b) For Members who hold shares in  16 Digit Beneficiary ID
demat account with CDSL.  For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12*********** 
     then your user ID is 12***********
a) For Members who hold shares in 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
demat account with NSDL.  For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID
     is 12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password and a Veriﬁcation Code as 
shown on the screen. Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL services i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after 
using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote 
electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below:
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
20
 5. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Conﬁrm” when prompted.
 2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care 
to keep your password conﬁdential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon ﬁve 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through 
the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
 4. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
 General Guidelines for shareholders
 Details on Step 2 is given below:
 1.  After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see the Home page of e-Voting. Click on e- Voting.     
 6. Upon conﬁrmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
 1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG format) of the relevant Board Resolution/Authority letter, etc., together with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer through e-mail to csshrutishah@gmail.com, with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
 Then, click on Active Voting Cycles.
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
 2. After click on Active Voting Cycles, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle is in active status.
 How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system?
 8. Once you conﬁrm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
 3. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote.
 3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) - Shareholders and 
remote e-voting user manual for members, available at the downloads Section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or toll free no. 1800-222-990 or send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in
 7. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
conﬁrmation page.
 B.  Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions 
set out in this notice:
  1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certiﬁcate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN 
card), AADHAR (self- attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to 
investor@dynacons.com.
   In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 
digit beneﬁciary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
investor@dynacons.com. 
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
21
 iii. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and become member of the Company after  
dispatch of the Notice of AGM and holding shares as of the cut-oﬀ date i.e. September 23, 2020, 
may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at www.evoting@nsdl.co.in. 
 v. A person, whose name is recorded in the register of members or in the register of beneﬁcial owners 
maintained by the depositories as on the cut-oﬀ date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of 
remote e-voting as well as voting at the AGM through ballot paper.
 THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS 
UNDER:-
  1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above 
for remote e-voting.
 C. Other Instructions:
 i. The remote e-voting period commences on Friday, September 25, 2020 (9:00 a.m. IST) and ends 
on Tuesday, September 29, 2020 (5:00 p.m. IST). During this period, Members holding shares 
either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on Wednesday, September 23, 2020 i.e. cut-oﬀ 
date, may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting 
thereafter. Those Members, who will be present in the AGM through VC / OAVM facility and have not 
cast their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing 
so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system during the AGM
 ii. You can also update your mobile number and e-mail id in the user proﬁle details of the folio which 
may be used for sending future communication(s).
  However, if you are already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting then you can use your existing 
user ID and password for casting your vote. If you forgot your password, you can reset your 
password by using “Forgot User Details/Password” option available on www.evoting@nsdl.com or 
contact NSDL at the following toll free no. 1800-222-990.
 iv. The voting rights of members shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid up equity share capital 
of the Company as on the cut-oﬀ date of September 23, 2020.
 vi. Ms. Shruti H. Shah, Practicing Company Secretary (FCS No. 8852) has been appointed as the 
Scrutinizer for providing facility to the members of the Company to scrutinize the voting and remote 
e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner and she has consented to act as a scrutinizer. 
 vii. The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of voting at the general meeting, will ﬁrst count the votes 
cast at the meeting and thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting in the presence of  
at least two witnesses not in the employment of the Company and shall make, not later than forty 
eight hours of the conclusion of the AGM, a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the total votes cast in 
favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing, who shall 
countersign the same and declare the result of the voting forthwith.
 viii. The results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website 
www.dynacons.com and on the website of NSDL www.evoting.nsdl.com within two days of the 
passing of the resolutions at the Twenty ﬁfth AGM of the Company on September 30, 2020 and 
communicated to the BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited, where the shares 
of the Company are listed.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
 3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting.
 1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-
Voting system. Members may access the same at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com under 
shareholders/members login by using the remote e-voting credentials. The link for VC/OAVM will be 
available in shareholder/members login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note 
that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User 
ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in 
the notice to avoid last minute rush. Further members can also use the OTP based login for logging 
into the e-Voting system of NSDL.
 2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.
 D. Instructions for Attending AGM through Video Conferencing (VC) / Other Audio-Visual Means 
(OAVM)
 5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in 
advance mentioning their name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at 
investor@dynacons.com from September 25, 2020 (9:00 a.m. IST) to September 28 (5:00 p.m. 
IST). The same will be replied by the company suitably. Those Members who have registered 
themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions during the AGM. 
The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability of 
time for the AGM.
 4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their 
respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate 
any kind of aforesaid glitches.
 6. The Members can join the EGM/AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the 
scheduled time of the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the 
 Process for registration of email id for obtaining Annual Report and user id/password for e-voting and 
updation of bank account mandate for receipt of dividend:
Following additional details need to be provided in case of updating Bank Account 
Details:
a) Name and Branch of the Bank in which you wish to receive the dividend,
b) the Bank Account type,
Send a request to the Registrar and Transfer Agents of the Company, Bigshare 
Services Private Limited at info@bigshareonline.com providing Folio No., Name 
of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certiﬁcate (front and back), PAN (self 
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) for registering email address.
c) Bank Account Number allotted by their banks after implementation of Core 
Banking Solutions
d) 9 digit MICR Code Number, and
Please contact your Depository Participant (DP) and register your email address 
and bank account details in your demat account, as per the process advised by 
your DP.
e) 11 digit IFSC Code
f) a scanned copy of the cancelled cheque bearing the name of the ﬁrst 
shareholder.
Physical Holding
Demat Holding
22
===== PDF PAGE 24 =====
31. The result declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website 
www.dynacons.com and on the website of NSDL https://www.evoting.nsdl.com immediately. The 
Company shall simultaneously forward the results to National Stock Exchange of India Limited and 
BSE Limited, where the shares of the Company are listed.
 Other Instructions
30. The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the AGM, ﬁrst count the votes cast 
during the AGM, thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting and make, not later than 48 
hours of conclusion of the AGM, a consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast in favour or 
against, if any, to the Chairman or a person authorised by him in writing, who shall countersign the 
same.
Notice. The facility of participation at the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 
1000 members on ﬁrst come ﬁrst served basis. This will not include large Shareholders 
(Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the 
EGM/AGM without restriction on account of ﬁrst come ﬁrst served basis.
23
Date: September 03, 2020
Registered Oﬃce
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, 
Place: Mumbai
Mumbai – 400 056
Irla Lane, Vile Parle (W), 
CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130
Chairman cum   Executive Director
Managing Director DIN No: 00409894
DIN No: 00444104 
For Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Shirish M. Anjaria Parag J. Dalal
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 25 =====
24
The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on September 03, 2020 had, subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company (‘Members’) and such other approvals as may be required, 
approved the issue of following securities to Promoter and Promoter Group and relatives of promoter of the 
Company, on a preferential basis, for cash consideration (‘Preferential Allotment’):
The amount paid against Warrants shall be adjusted / set-oﬀ against the issue price for the resultant Equity 
Shares. 
a) Up to 35,20,000 Warrants convertible into Equity shares, each carrying a right to subscribe to one Equity 
Share per Warrants convertible into Equity shares, at a price of Rs. 28 per Warrant convertible into Equity 
shares (including premium of Rs. 18) aggregating to Rs. 9,85,60,000 (Rupees Nine Crore Eighty-Five Lakhs 
Sixty Thousand Only). 
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 3rd September 2020, had subject to the approval of the 
Members and such other approvals as may be required, approved the issuance and allotment of up to 
35,20,000 Warrants convertible into Equity Shares at a price of Rs. 28 (including premium of Rs. 18) per 
warrant convertible into Equity share, aggregating to Rs. Rs. 9,85,60,000 (Rupees Nine Crore Eighty-Five 
Lakhs Sixty Thousand Only) to Promoter, Promoter group and relatives of promoter of the Company for cash 
consideration, on a preferential basis.
1. Object of the issue
4. Basis on which the price has been arrived
EXPLANATORY STATEMENTS
The object of this preferential issue is to utilize the proceeds of the Preferential Issue of Warrants convertible 
into Equity Shares to meet long term  working  capital,  general  corporate  purpose  and  such other purpose  
as  the  Board  may decide.
3. Price at which the allotment is proposed
The issue price is determined in accordance with the Regulations as applicable for Preferential Issue as 
contained in Chapter V of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 as amended till date. The Equity Shares of the 
Company are listed on BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) (together 
referred to as the “Stock Exchanges”). The Equity Shares are frequently traded in terms of the SEBI ICDR 
The following Explanatory Statement, as required under Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, set out all 
material facts relating to the business under Item No. 4 ,5,6 and 7 of the accompanying Notice dated August 
31, 2020.
An amount equivalent to 25% of the price of Warrants convertible into Equity shares shall be payable at the 
time of subscription and allotment of each Warrants convertible into Equity shares and the balance 75% of the 
price of Warrants convertible into Equity shares shall be payable by the Warrant holder against each Warrants 
convertible into Equity shares at the time of allotment of Equity Shares on conversion of Warrants convertible 
into equity shares pursuant to exercise of the options attached to  Warrants convertible into Equity shares to 
subscribe to Equity Share(s). 
The Board of Directors of the Company give below disclosures that are required to be given in the explanatory 
statement to the special resolution to be passed under Section 42 of Companies Act 2013, and in terms of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, 
as amended (the 'SEBI ICDR Regulations'):
ITEM NO. 4
The Warrants convertible into Equity Shares to be issued and allotted will be of the face value of Rs.10/- each 
and will be issued at Rs. 28/- per share (including a premium of Rs. 18/- per share)
2. The total number of shares to be issued
===== PDF PAGE 26 =====
25
6. The class or classes of persons to whom the allotment is proposed to be made
Regulations and NSE, being the Stock Exchange with higher trading volumes for the said period, has been 
considered for determining the issue price in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Warrants 
convertible into Equity Shares issued and allotted in terms of the special resolution as set-out in item no. 5 of 
the accompanying notice, shall rank paripassu in all respect with the existing Equity Shares on conversion of 
warrants convertible into equity shares. 
In terms of the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, relevant date for determining the issue 
price for the Preferential Issue is 31st August 2020, being the date 30 days prior to the date of this Annual 
General Meeting (AGM).
5. Relevant Date with reference to which the price has been arrived
As stated earlier, it is proposed to allot 35,20,000 Warrants convertible into Equity Shares to promoter on a 
preferential basis through cash. 
7. Intent of the Promoters, directors or key managerial personnel of the Company to subscribe to the 
Preferential Issue; contribution being made by the Promoters or Directors either as part of the 
Preferential Issue or separately in furtherance of the objects 
8. Names of the proposed allottees and the percentage of post-preferential oﬀer capital that may be 
held by them
The Promoter, Promoter group and relatives of promoter have proposed to subscribe for all 35,20,000 
warrants convertible into equity shares.
The details of the proposed allottees and the percentage of post preferential oﬀer capital that will be held by 
 Sr. Name of Applicant Warrant Pre-Share Post-Share % Post-Share Category
 No.  (Nos) holding holding holding 
 4. Shirish Anjaria (HUF) 160000 253543 413543 3.26 Promoter Group
 1. Shirish Anjaria 320000 840948      1160948 9.15 Promoter
 5. Parag Dalal (HUF) 160000 310077 470077 3.70 Promoter Group
  6. Dharmesh Anjaria (HUF) 160000 250000 410000 3.23 Promoter Group
 10. Jigna Anjaria 80000 211463 291463 2.30 Promoter Group
 11. Trigem Infosolutions Limited 1600000 486475 2086475 16.44 Promoter Group
 12. Pankti Dalal 40000 - 40000 0.32 Relative of Promoter
 7. Devangi Dalal 80000 189640 269640 2.12 Promoter Group
  Total 3520000    4234984     7754984 61.10
 13. Dhvani Dalal 40000 - 40000 0.32 Relative of Promoter
 8. Nilam Anjaria 160000 364602 524602 4.13 Promoter Group
 9. Hasumati Dalal 80000 64816 144816 1.14 Promoter Group
 3. Dharmesh Anjaria 320000 636220 956220 7.53 Promoter
 2. Parag Dalal 320000 627200 947200 7.46 Promoter
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 27 =====
26
9. Proposed time within which the allotment shall be completed
10. The change in control if any, of the Company that would occur consequent to preferential oﬀer
There shall be no change in control of the Company pursuant to the issue of Warrants convertible into Equity 
Shares.
A report of registered valuer is not required for the Preferential Allotment, under the provisions of second 
proviso to Rule 13(1) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014.
No allotment(s) has been made on a preferential basis from the beginning of the year to the date of issue of 
this notice.
As required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Warrants convertible into Equity Shares shall be allotted 
by the Company within a period of 15 days from the date of passing of this Resolution, provided that where the 
allotment of the proposed Warrants convertible into Equity Shares is pending on account of receipt of any 
approval or permission from any regulatory or statutory authority, the allotment shall be completed within a 
period of 15 days from the date of receipt of last of such approvals or permissions. 
12. The justiﬁcation for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than cash together 
with valuation report of the registered valuer.
11. Number of persons to whom allotment on preferential basis have already been made during the 
year, in terms of number of securities as well as price
13. Identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate beneﬁcial owners of the shares proposed to be 
allotted and/or who ultimately control;
them shall be:
 Sr. No. Name of Allottee Beneﬁcial Owner
 1 Shirish Anjaria Shirish Anjaria
 2 Parag Dalal Parag Dalal
 3 Dharmesh Anjaria Dharmesh Anjaria
 4 Shirish Anjaria (HUF) Shirish M. Anjaria (Karta), Nilam S. Anjaria, Dharmesh S. Anjaria, 
   Jigna D. Anjaria, Rishabh D. Anjaria, Dia D. Anjaria
 5 Parag Dalal (HUF) Parag J. Dalal (Karta), Devangi P. Dalal, Pankti P. Dalal, 
   Dhvani P. Dalal
 6 Dharmesh Anjaria (HUF) Dharmesh S. Anjaria ( Karta), Jigna D. Anjaria, 
   Rishabh D. Anjaria, Dia D. Anjaria
 13 Dhvani Dalal Dhvani Dalal
 8 Nilam Anjaria Nilam Anjaria
 12 Pankti Dalal Pankti Dalal
 7 Devangi Dalal Devangi Dalal
 10 Jigna Anjaria Jigna Anjaria
 9 Hasumati Dalal Hasumati Dalal
 11 Trigem Infosolutions Limited Shareholders of Trigem Infosolutions Limited
===== PDF PAGE 28 =====
 Sr. Category *Pre Issue Post Issue#
  No.  No. of % of No. of % of 
  Individual 3748509 40.86 5668509 44.66
  Indian Public 4297955 46.85 4297955 33.86
  2. Foreign Promoters - -  
 A Promoters‟  holding –    
  Others(Including NRIs) 523183 5.70 523183 4.12
 B Non-Promoters Holding–    
  GRAND  TOTAL  (A+B) 9173080 100.00 12693080 100.00
  Sub Total 4234984 46.17 7754984 61.10
   Shares Held Share Holding Shares Held Share Holding
  2. Non-Institution    
  1. Institutional investors 280 0.00 280 0.00
  1. Indian    
  Body Corporate 486475 5.30 2086475 16.44
  Corporate Bodies 116678 1.27 116678 0.92
  Sub Total (A)    
  Directors - - - -
  Sub Total (B) 4938096 53.83 4938096 38.90
27
(ii) If the amount payable, if any, on account of the re-computation of price is not paid within the time 
stipulated in SEBI (ICDR) Regulations the above warrants/shares shall continue to be locked-in till the 
time such amount is paid by the allottees. 
(i) It would re-compute the price of the securities speciﬁed above in terms of the provisions of SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations, where it is so required; 
16. Lock-in Period 
The Company hereby undertakes that: 
18. Undertakings:
None of the Company, its Directors or Promoter have been declared as willful defaulter as deﬁned under the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations. None of its Directors or Promoter is a fugitive economic oﬀender as deﬁned under 
the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 
Note- *Pre-Shareholding pattern as on 30th June, 2020.
# assuming full conversion of warrants
The Equity Shares will be subject to applicable lock-in and transfer restrictions stipulated under Regulations 
167 and 168 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
(ii) No person belonging to the promoters / promoter group have sold/transferred any Equity Shares of the 
Company during the 6 (Six) months preceding the Relevant Date 
(i) all the Equity Shares held by the proposed allottees in the Company are in dematerialized form only; 
(iii) No person belonging to the promoters / promoter group has previously subscribed to any warrants of the 
17. Disclosures speciﬁed in Schedule VI of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, if the issuer or any of its 
promoters or directors is a willful defaulter:
 The pre issue and post issue shareholding pattern of the Company –
14. Shareholding Pattern before and after preferential issue of the capital would be as follows:
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 29 =====
28
Further, as the business environment is becoming increasingly competitive, it is important to attract and retain 
qualiﬁed, talented and competent personnel in the Company. Your Company believes in rewarding its 
Employees including employees of the Holding Company or its Subsidiary Company (ies), if any, for their 
continuous hard work, dedication and support, which has led the Company and its Holding Company or its 
The certiﬁcate from M S P & Co., Chartered Accountants, being the Statutory Auditors of the Company 
certifying that the Preferential Issue is being made in accordance with the requirements contained in the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations shall be made available for inspection by the Members during the meeting. 
Mr. Shirish Anjaria, Chairman cum Managing Director, Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria and Mr. Parag Dalal, Executive 
Director may be deemed to be interested in the resolution to the extent of warrants/shares are proposed to be 
allotted to them/to their relatives. Except them, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their respective relatives, is concerned or interested in the above said resolution; however they 
may be deemed to be concerned to the extent of change in the percentage of their voting rights in the post 
equity shareholding in the Company, if any.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are concerned or interested in item No. 5 
of the Notice. 
20.  Other disclosures 
(iv) valuation requirement is not applicable as the securities are proposed to be issued for cash 
consideration. The issue of warrants and resultant Equity Shares shall be made in accordance with the 
provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and shall be made in a 
dematerialized format only. 
19. Auditors’ Certiﬁcate 
In accordance with the provisions of Sections 23, 42 and 62 of the Act read with applicable rules thereto and 
relevant provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, approval of the Members for issue and allotment of the 
said Equity Shares to Promoter, Promoter Group and relatives of promoter of the Company is being sought by 
way of a special resolution as set out in the said item of the Notice. Issue of the Warrants convertible into 
Equity Shares pursuant to the Preferential Issue would be within the Authorized Share Capital of the 
Company. 
ITEM NO. 5
Your Director at their meeting held on September 3, 2020 had given their consent (subject to the approval of 
members and other regulatory) for inserting clause IV(iii) and IV(iv) in the Articles of Association of the 
Company.
Company but failed to exercise them; and 
The Board of Directors believes that the proposed Preferential Issue is in the best interest of the Company 
and its Members and, therefore, recommends the Special Resolution at Item No.4 of the accompanying 
Notice for approval by the Members of the Company. 
The Company proposes to issue shares to the employees/ directors of the Company under the scheme of 
Employee Stock Option Plan to reward the employees/directors of the Company for their performance and to 
motivate them to contribute to the overall corporate growth and proﬁtability. For that Company intends to 
insert new clause i.e. clause IV(iii) and IV(iv) under Head Share Capital and Variation of Rights in the Articles 
of Association of the Company to issue sweat equity shares and/or ESOP to its employees including Directors 
and/or to the Employees including Director of its Subsidiary Company and/or Employees including Directors 
of its Holding Company.
ITEM NO. 6 and 7
Stock Options represent a reward system based on performance. They help companies attract, retain and 
motivate the best available talent. Stock Options also provide a company with an opportunity to optimise its 
personnel costs. This also provides an opportunity to employees to participate in the growth of the company, 
besides creating long term wealth in their hands. 
===== PDF PAGE 30 =====
29
Subsidiary Company(ies) on the growth path.
• The exercise period within which an Employee should exercise the options, and lapsing of options on 
failure to exercise the options within the exercise period and determination of exercise price which may be 
diﬀerent for diﬀerent class/ classes of Employees falling in the same tranche of grant of Options issued 
under ESOP-2020;
• The right of an Employee to exercise all the options vested in him at one time or at various points of time 
within the exercise period;
• The grant, vesting and exercise of options in case of Employees who are on long leave; 
• The conditions under which options vested in Employees may lapse in case of termination of   Employees 
for misconduct;
• Any other related or incidental matters.
Keeping in line with the above, “Dynacons- Employees Stock Option Plan 2020” (‘the Scheme’) has been 
formulated by the Company and to be implemented by Nomination & Remuneration Committee constituted 
under Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 in accordance with the requirements of Securities and 
Exchange Board Of India (Share Based Employee Beneﬁts) Regulations, 2014(“SEBI SBEB Regulations”) 
issued by SEBI and other applicable laws. The Scheme has been approved by the Board of Directors at their 
Meeting held on September 3, 2020, subject to the approval of the members.
Major details of the Scheme are as given below:-
a) Brief Description of the Scheme is given as under: 
 “Dynacons- Employees Stock Option Plan 2020” (‘the Scheme’) has been formulated by the Company 
and to be implemented by Nomination & Remuneration Committee constituted under Section 178 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 in accordance with the requirements of Securities and Exchange Board Of India 
(Share Based Employee Beneﬁts) Regulations, 2014 (“SEBI SBEB Regulations”) issued by SEBI and 
other applicable laws. The Scheme has been approved by the Board of Directors at their Meeting held on 
September 3, 2020, subject to the approval of the members.
b) The total number of options to be granted
 SEBI SBEB Regulations require that in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issues, bonus 
issues, merger and sale or division, and others, a fair and reasonable adjustment needs to be made to the 
Options granted. Accordingly, if any additional Equity Shares are issued by the Company to the Option 
grantees for making such fair and reasonable adjustment, the above ceiling Shares shall be deemed to be 
increased to the extent of such additional equity shares issued.
• Number of options to be granted to any Employee, and in the aggregate;
• The procedure for making a fair and reasonable adjustment to the number of options and to the exercise 
price in case of rights issues, bonus issues and other corporate actions;
• The speciﬁed time period within which the Employee shall exercise the vested options in the event of 
termination or resignation of the Employee;
The Scheme will be operated and administered under the superintendence of the Company’s Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee, which is a Committee of the Board of Directors, the majority of whose 
Members are Independent Directors. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will formulate the 
detailed terms and conditions of the Scheme including:
• Terms on which the options will vest;
• The procedure for cashless exercise of options, if any; and
 The total number of options that may, in the aggregate, be issued would be such number of options which 
shall entitle the option holders to acquire in one or more tranches upto15,00,000 (Fifteen Lakhs) equity 
shares of Rs. 10/-each (or such other adjusted ﬁgure for any bonus, stock splits or consolidations or other 
re-organisation of the capital structure of the Company as may be applicable from time to time).
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 31 =====
30
 An employee may surrender his/her vested /unvested options at any time during / post his employment 
with the company. Any employee willing to surrender his/her options shall communicate the same to the 
Board or Committee in writing. 
 Vested options lapsed due to non-exercise, surrender and/or unvested options that gets cancelled due to 
resignation or any other separation conditions of Option grantees, surrendered or otherwise, would be 
available for being re-granted at a future date. The Board is authorized to re-grant such lapsed / cancelled 
/ surrendered options as per the provisions of ESOP-2020. 
 All permanent employees working in India or out of India and Directors (whether Managing/Whole time 
Director or not) of Company and its Holding Company and its Subsidiary Company(ies), (present or 
future) (excluding promoters and an employee who is a Promoter or a  person belonging to the Promoter 
Group) and further excluding a director who either by himself or through his relative or through any Body 
Corporate, directly or indirectly holds more than 10% of the outstanding equity shares of the Company and 
excluding Independent Directors as may be decided by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
 The options granted to an Employee will not be transferable to any person and shall not be pledged, 
hypothecated, mortgaged or otherwise alienated in any other manner.
c) Identiﬁcation of classes of employees entitled to participate and be beneﬁciaries in the Scheme.
d) Terms of the scheme: 
 The class of Employees eligible for participating in the Scheme shall be determined on the basis of the 
grade, number of years’ service, performance, role assigned to the employee and such other parameters 
as may be decided by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in its sole discretion from time to 
time.
 (1) The Company shall not vary the terms of the schemes in any manner, which may be detrimental to the 
interests of the Option Grantees: Provided that the company shall be entitled to vary the terms of the 
schemes to meet any regulatory requirements. 
 (4) The Company may re-price the options as the case may be which are not exercised, whether or not 
they have been vested if the terms of the grants were rendered unattractive due to fall in the price of 
the shares in the stock market; Provided that the company ensures that such re-pricing shall not be 
detrimental to the interest of the Option Grantees and approval of the shareholders in general meeting 
has been obtained for such re-pricing.
e) Transferability of Employee Stock Options: 
 (1) The Options granted to an employee shall not be transferable to any person and shall not be pledged, 
hypothecated, mortgaged or otherwise alienated in any manner. However, in the event of the death of 
the Option Grantee, the right to exercise all the Options granted to him till such date shall be vest in his 
legal heirs or nominees. 
 (3) The notice for passing special resolution for variation of terms of the schemes shall disclose full details 
of the variation, the rationale therefore and the details of the Option Grantees who are beneﬁciaries of 
such variation. 
 (3) In the event that an Option Grantee who has been granted beneﬁts under a scheme is transferred or 
deputed to Holding Company and its subsidiary company (present or future) prior to vesting or 
exercise, the vesting and exercise as per the terms of grant shall continue in case of such transferred 
or deputed employee, even after the transfer or deputation.
 (2) In the event of resignation or termination of the Option Grantee, all the options which are granted and 
yet not vested as on that day shall lapse. 
 (2) Subject to the proviso to sub-regulation (1), the company may by special resolution in a general 
meeting vary the terms of the schemes oﬀered pursuant to an earlier resolution of the general body 
but not yet exercised by the employee provided such variation is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Option Grantees. 
===== PDF PAGE 32 =====
31
3
7
1
2
Sr.No.
4
5
6
8 Any other reason not 
specified above
Retirement or early 
Retirement approved 
by Company
Termination 
(With cause like 
fraud, misconduct 
etc.)
Abandonment*
Termination 
(Without cause)
Separations
Death
Permanent Disability
Resignation 
The NRC / Compensation 
Committee shall decide whether the 
Vested Options as on that date can 
be exercised by the Option Grantee 
or not, and such decision shall be 
final.
All Vested Options as on date of 
submission of resignation may be 
exercised by the Option Grantee on 
or before his last working day with 
the Company.
All Vested Options as on date of 
retirement may be exercised by the 
Option Grantee within the period as 
permitted by NRC / Compensation 
Committee at the time of such 
retirement or early retirement.
All the Vested Options shall stand 
cancelled.
All Vested Options may be exercised 
by the Option Grantee or, if the 
Option Grantee is himself, unable to 
exercise due to such disability, the 
nominee or legal heir, immediately 
after, but in no event later than 12 
months from the date of such 
disability.
Vested Options
All Vested Options which were not 
allotted at the time of such 
termination shall stand cancelled 
with effect from the date of such 
termination.
All Vested Options may be exercised 
by the Option Grantee’s nominee or 
legal heir immediately after, but in no 
event later than 12 months from the 
date of Death.
All Vested Options which were not 
allotted at the time of such 
termination may be exercised by the 
Option Grantee on or before his last 
working day with the Company.
All Unvested Options on the date of 
such termination shall stand cancelled 
with effect from the termination date.
All Unvested Options as on the date of 
death shall vest immediately and may 
be exercised by the Option Grantee’s 
nominee or legal heir/s  within 12 
months from the date of Death.
All Unvested Options shall vest as per 
original vesting schedule and may be 
exercised by the Option Grantee within 
the period as permitted by NRC / 
Compensation Committee at the time 
of such retirement or early retirement.
All Unvested Options as on the date of 
such Permanent Disability shall vest 
immediately and can be exercised by 
the Option Grantee or, if the Option 
Grantee is himself unable  to exercise 
due to such incapacity, the nominee or 
legal heir immediately after, but in no 
event later than 12 months  from the 
date of such disability.
All Unvested Options on the date of 
submission of resignation shall stand 
cancelled with effect from that date.
All Unvested Options on the date of 
separation shall stand cancelled with 
effect from that date.
All the Unvested Options shall stand 
cancelled.
Unvested Options
All Unvested Options on the date of 
such termination shall stand cancelled 
with effect from the termination date.
 Vesting of options may commence after a period of not less than one year from the date of individual grant. 
The vesting may occur in one or more tranches, subject to the terms and conditions of vesting, as 
stipulated in the ESOP-2020.
 Following table shall be applicable in case of various scenarios (during employment) for vesting and 
exercising:
f) Requirements of vesting and period of vesting
g) Maximum period within which the options shall be vested
The maximum vesting period may extend up to 7 (Seven) years from the date of respective grant of options, 
unless otherwise decided by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
 *The Board/ Committee, at its sole discretion shall decide the date of cancellation of Option’s and such 
decision shall be binding on all concerned.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 33 =====
The Maximum quantum of beneﬁts underlying the options issued to an eligible employee shall depend upon 
the Market Price of the shares as on the date of sale of shares arising out of Exercise of options.
The appraisal process for determining the eligibility of the Employee will be speciﬁed by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and will be based on criteria such as the grade of Employee, length of service, 
performance record, merit of the Employee, future potential contribution by the Employee and/or by any such 
criteria that may be determined by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
o) Whether scheme involves new issue of shares by the Company or Secondary acquisition by the trust
p) Disclosure and accounting policies
Exercise Price means the price at which the Option Grantee is entitled to acquire the equity shares pursuant 
to the options granted and vested in him/her under the Scheme.
The Exercise period shall not be more than 5 years from the date of respective vesting of Options. The options 
granted may be exercised by the Grantee at one time or at various points of time within the exercise period as 
determined by the Committee from time to time.
k) Maximum number of options to be issued per Employee and in the aggregate
The number of Options that may be granted to any speciﬁc employee under ESOP-2020shall not exceed the 
number of Shares equivalent to 1% of the Issued Share Capital of the Company and in aggregate if the prior 
speciﬁc approval from members of the Company through a special resolution to this eﬀect is not obtained.
i) Exercise period and process of exercise
h) Exercise price or pricing formula
Payment of the Exercise Price shall be made by a crossed cheque or a demand draft drawn in favour of the 
Company, or by any other payment methods prevalent in RBI recognized banking channels or in such other 
manner and subject to such procedures as the Board/Committee may decide.
j) Appraisal Process for determining the eligibility of Employees to the Scheme.
The Exercise Price shall be as may be decided by the Committee as is allowed under the SBEB Regulations 
which in any case will not be lower than the face value of the equity shares of the Company on the date of such 
grant. Further the Exercise Price can be diﬀerent for diﬀerent set of employees for options granted on same / 
diﬀerent dates.
The Vested options shall be exercisable by the employees by a written application (which will include making 
applications online using any ESOP administration software) to the Company expressing his/ her desire to 
exercise such options in such manner and on such format as may be prescribed by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee from time to time. The options shall lapse if not exercised within the speciﬁed 
exercise period. The options may also lapse, under certain circumstances even before the expiry of the 
speciﬁed exercise period.
l) Maximum quantum of beneﬁts to be provided per employee under a Scheme
m) Certiﬁcate from auditors
The Board of Directors shall at each annual general meeting place before the shareholders a certiﬁcate from 
the auditors of the company that the scheme(s) has been implemented in accordance with the prescribed 
regulations and in accordance with the resolution of the company in the general meeting.
n) Whether the scheme is to be implemented and administered directly by the Company or through a trust
The Scheme will be implemented directly by the Company under the guidance of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Board.
The Scheme will involve only new issue of shares by the Company.
The Company shall disclose details of Grant, Vest, Exercise and lapse of the Employee Stock Options in the 
Directors’ Report or in an annexure thereof as prescribed under SEBI (SBEB) Regulations or any other 
32
===== PDF PAGE 34 =====
Since the company opts for expensing of share based employee beneﬁts using the fair value method, the 
following statement will not be applicable viz. 
t) Rights of the option holder 
Applicable Laws as in force. Further the Company shall follow the laws/regulations applicable to accounting 
and disclosure related to Employee Stock Options, including but not limited to SEBI(SBEB) Regulations 
(including disclosure as speciﬁed under regulation 15) as well as the Guidance Note on Accounting for 
Employee Share-based Payments and/ or any relevant Accounting Standards as may be prescribed by the 
Regulatory authorities from time to time, including the disclosure requirements prescribed therein.
q) The amount of loan to be provided for implementation of the scheme(s) by the company to the trust, its 
tenure, utilization, repayment terms, etc
Not Applicable
r) Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition (subject to limits speciﬁed under the regulations) that can 
be made by the trust for the purposes of the scheme(s).
Not Applicable
s) Method of Valuation of options
The Company follows fair value method for computing the compensation cost, if any, for the options granted. 
The company will follow IFRS/ IND AS/ any other requirements for accounting of the Stock options as are 
applicable to the Company for the same.
In case the company opts for expensing of share based employee beneﬁts using the intrinsic value intrinsic 
value, the diﬀerence between the employee compensation cost so computed and the employee 
compensation cost that shall have been recognized if it had used the fair value, shall be disclosed in the 
Directors’ report and the impact of this diﬀerence on proﬁts and on earnings per share (“EPS”) of the company 
shall also be disclosed in the Directors' report.'
The employee shall not have right to receive any dividend or to vote or in any manner enjoy the beneﬁts of a 
shareholder in respect of option granted to him, till shares are allotted upon exercise of option. 
u) Consequence of failure to exercise option 
All unexercised options shall lapse if not exercised on or before the exercised period ends. The amount 
payable by the employee, if any, at the time of grant of option, - 
 (a) may be forfeited by the company if the option is not exercised by the employee within the exercise 
period; or 
 (b) may be refunded to the employee if the options are not vested due to non-fulﬁlment of conditions 
relating to vesting of option as per the Scheme. 
v) Other terms
The Board or Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall have the absolute authority to vary, modify or 
alter the terms of the Scheme in accordance with the regulations and guidelines as prescribed by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India or regulations that may be issued by any appropriate authority, from 
time to time, unless such variation, modiﬁcation or alteration is detrimental to the interest of the Option 
Grantees.
The Board or Nomination and Remuneration Committee may, if it deems necessary, modify, change, vary, 
amend, suspend or terminate the ESOP - 2020, subject to compliance with the Applicable Laws and 
Regulations.
The shares may be allotted directly to the Option Grantees in accordance with the Scheme and such Scheme 
may also contain provisions for providing ﬁnancial assistance to the Employees to enable the Employees to 
acquire or subscribe to the shares.
As the Scheme would entail further shares to be oﬀered to persons other than existing Members of the 
Company, consent of the members is sought pursuant to the provisions of section 42 and 62 (1) (b) and all 
33
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 35 =====
Your Directors recommend the Resolutions set out in Item No. [8] of the Notice for adoption by the 
Shareholders as special resolution.
Your Directors recommend the Resolution set out in Item No. [6] and [7]of the Notice for adoption by the 
Shareholders as Special Resolution/s.
The resolution set out at Item No. 6 and Item No. 7 provides that a Company may grant option to an employee 
and to a director of the Company and its Holding Company and its subsidiary company (ies) not exceeding 
one per cent of the issued capital of the Company in one year. However, the Company may identify certain 
employee/s to whom it may be necessary to grant options exceeding one per cent in one year to ensure 
continuity of their service with the Company. The resolution as set out in Item No. [8] provides that the 
Company may grant option equal to or exceeding One per cent but not exceeding Two per cent in One year to 
identiﬁed employee/s or director/s of the Company and its Holding Company and its subsidiary.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company including their relatives are interested or 
concerned in the resolution No. [8], except to the extent of their entitlements, if any, under the ESOP Scheme.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company including their relatives are interested 
or concerned in the resolution No. [6] and [7], except to the extent of their shareholding entitlements, if any, 
under the ESOP Scheme.
ITEM NO. 9
Mrs. Archana Phadke, Non-executive Director of the Company, whose appointment as an Independent 
Director of the Company w.e.f. 30th September, 2015 for a period of 5 years will expire in the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting of the Company. The Board recommended to appoint him for one more term of ﬁve years. 
Mrs. Archana Phadke has given a declaration to the board that he meets the criteria of independence as 
provided under Section 149(6) of the Act. In the opinion of the board, the director fulﬁlls the conditions 
speciﬁed in the Act and rules framed thereunder for appointment as an Independent Director. The Nomination 
& Remuneration Committee at its Meeting held on 03rd  September, 2020 after taking into account the 
performance evaluation of Mrs. Archana Phadke, Independent Director, during her ﬁrst term of ﬁve years and 
considering the knowledge, expertise and experience and the contribution made by her during her tenure as 
an Independent Director since her appointment, has recommended to the Board that continued association 
with her as an Independent Directors would be in the interest of the Company. Based on the above, the 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee and the Board has recommended the re-appointment of Mrs. 
Archana Phadke as an Independent Director on the Board of the Company, to hold oﬃce for the second term 
of ﬁve consecutive years till the conclusion of the 30th Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 
the year 2025 and not liable to retire by rotation.
In compliance with the provision of Section 149 of the act, the appointment of Mrs. Archana Phadke, as an 
independent director is now being placed before the members for their approval.
A brief proﬁle of Mrs. Archana Phadke nature of his expertise in speciﬁc functional areas and names of 
companies in which he hold Directorship and membership/chairmanship of Board Committee’s as stipulated 
under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 with the Stock Exchanges 
in India, is annexed hereto.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149 of Companies Act, 2013 (The Act), which came into eﬀect from April 
1, 2014, the Independent Directors are not liable to retire by rotation.
ITEM NO. 8
The Board recommends the resolution at item No. 9 for approval by member.
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and as per the requirement of Clause 6 of the 
SEBI SBEB Regulations.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are concerned or interested in item No. 9 
of the Notice except Mrs. Archana Phadke.
34
===== PDF PAGE 36 =====
Details of Directors appointment/re-appointment/retiring by rotation, as required to be provided 
pursuant to the provisions of (i) Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and (ii) Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”), issued 
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and approved by the Central Government are 
provided herein below:
Date of Birth
Date of First Appointment on 
the Board 
Experience in functional 
Area
Particulars
Qualification
Director Identification 
Number (DIN)
No. of Shares held in the 
Company
Directorship in other 
Companies(Public Limited 
Companies)
(Audit Committee and 
Shareholder’s/Investor’s 
Grievance Committee only)
Remuneration Proposed
Remuneration Paid
The number of Meetings of 
the Board attended during 
the F.Y. 2019-20
Membership of Committees 
of other public limited 
companies
Disclosure of relationship 
with other Directors, 
Manager and other Key 
Managerial Personnel of the 
Company
Mr. Shirish Anjaria
Shirish M. Anjaria is a business leader with 
successful & fruitful career of over five 
decades. He has wide experience across 
industries and has rich exposure in 
Business Management, Corporate Affairs 
and customer relations. Under his 
Chairmanship, Dynacons has forged 
strategic alliances with global IT majors 
such as IBM, Intel, HP, Microsoft, Lenovo, 
Sony, Cisco etc. He was also the founder 
of the Millenium PC initiative which was 
recognised by Intel, USA.
00444104
26/09/1995
30/09/1944
Graduate in Science and holds a post 
graduate degree in Law. He is a Certified 
Associate of the Federation of Insurance 
Institutes.
Please refer Corporate Governance 
Report section of the Annual Report 2019-
20
Upto Rs. 7,50,000/- per month
Rs. 1,75,000 /-  per month
The Directors, Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria & Mr. 
Dharmesh S. Anjaria having father and 
son relationship are related to each other 
within the meaning of the term “relative” as 
per Section 2(77) of the Act and per 
SEBI(Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Commerce Graduate
Over 40 years of experience in the areas 
of Business Administation, Operations and 
Corporate Affairs
N.A.
N.A.
Mrs. Archana Phadke
There are no inter-se relationships 
between the Directors mentioned above, 
and Manager and other Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company.
07138774
27/03/2015
Please refer Corporate Governance 
Report section of the Annual Report 
2019-20
17/08/1948
Date: September 03, 2020
Place: Mumbai
Registered Oﬃce
Irla Lane, Vile Parle (W), 
CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, 
Mumbai – 400 056
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.
Shirish M. Anjaria Parag J. Dalal
Chairman cum   Executive Director
Managing Director DIN No: 00409894
DIN No: 00444104 
35
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 37 =====
36
Directors Report
Your Directors are pleased to present the Twenty Fifth Annual Report on the business and operations of 
the Company for the year ended March 31, 2020.
1. Financial Highlights
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars 
Consolidated 
Year ended 
31/03/2020 
Year ended 
31/03/2019
Provision for Depreciation and 
Amortisation Expenses 102.57 72.18 102.57 72.18
Net Proﬁt After Tax 611.75 418.61 571.38 517.07
Net Proﬁt Before Tax 805.85 631.12 756.55 739.00
Provision for Tax 194.10 212.51 185.17 221.93
Gross Income 33,018.39 30,489.77 33,057.87 31,190.82
Proﬁt Before Finance Cost and 
Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses 1,666.61 1,296.21 1,617.32 1,404.09
Proﬁt Before Finance Cost  1,564.04 1,224.03 1,514.75 1,331.91
Finance Cost 758.19 592.91 758.19 592.91
Balance of Proﬁt brought forward 1,635.61 1,217.01 1,750.91 1,233.84
Balance available for appropriation 2,200.22 1,635.61 2,275.15 1,750.91
Standalone 
Year ended 
31/03/2020 
Year ended 
31/03/2019
2. Management Analysis and Discussions 
In the month of March 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic developed rapidly into a global crisis, forcing many 
countries to enforce lock-downs of all economic activity.  As the pandemic spread, your company prioritized 
the health and safety of its employees, kept customers’ mission- critical systems running under very diﬃcult 
On a consolidated basis, the revenue from operations for FY 2020 at Rs. 33,057.87 Lakhs was higher by 6% 
over the previous year (Rs. 31,190.82 Lakhs in FY19). The proﬁt before tax stood at Rs. 756.55 Lakhs as 
compared to Rs. 739.00 Lakhs in the previous year. The Company has made a provision of tax totaling to Rs. 
185.17 Lakhs and the proﬁt after tax stood at Rs. 571.38 Lakhs for the current year. Dynacons has historically 
grown much faster than the market. . The continued focus is to build new capabilities and even new business 
models. This was largely an outcome of greater demand for our services and solutions during the year, driven 
by expanding participation in our customers’ growth and transformation initiatives. 
One reason for the out performance is market share gains on account of superior capabilities, and higher 
customer satisfaction. The second reason has been greater participation in our customers’ growth and 
transformation initiatives, which represent the expanding part of their technology spending. Our 
responsiveness, agility and adaptability to change have been the key to our success.
COVID-19
We had a very productive year, engaging with customers in their innovation, growth and transformation 
initiatives, expanding and deepening our relationships, deploying very impactful solutions.  As we look back 
at ﬁscal 2020, our strategic direction has yielded strong results. Our clients have increased their trust in us. 
Our Standalone revenues of Rs. 33,018.39 Lakhs as compared with Rs. 30,489.77 Lakhs during the previous 
year, reﬂected a growth of 8% over the previous year. The proﬁt before tax stood at Rs. 805.85 Lakhs as 
compared to Rs. 631.12 Lakhs in the previous year. The Company has made a provision of tax totaling to Rs. 
194.10 Lakhs and the proﬁt after tax stood at Rs. 611.75 Lakhs for the current year, an increase of 46% over 
the previous year.
Company performance:
===== PDF PAGE 38 =====
37
Firms are looking beyond the products they make and sell, to the purpose behind their existence, which in turn 
is helping deﬁne the blueprint for their transformation journey. The sharp shift in consumer preferences will 
force enterprises to signiﬁcantly accelerate their digital transformation initiatives. They will also invest heavily 
in building resilience at every level, on the front-end as well as in back-oﬃce operations. At times like this, it is 
more important than ever, to stay close to the customer.
Dynacons’ customer centric philosophy allowed it to work closely with customers, and be agile in responding 
to their needs. These deep relationships, the broad and diversiﬁed global footprint, spanning all major 
markets and industries, makes your Company’s business well positioned to weather any storms ahead. 
circumstances. The lockdown tested our delivery teams agility, resilience, ﬂexibility and adaptability. We were 
able to shift our operations from oﬃce to a Work from Home model seamlessly and this enabled us to work 
with minimum disruption in these pandemic times. We enabled our employees to ensure that they were able 
to support our customers as per their requirements. Remote access was enabled for our employees while 
maintaining stringent security controls. 
Our focus has been and remains the safety of our employees, the delivery of service to our clients, and the 
ﬁnancial well-being of the Company. We remain extremely focused on the needs of our clients in this 
environment and even more ready to expand our support of our clients as the world collectively emerges from 
the unprecedented situation. 
A true test of character is – Adversity. When we emerge out of this crisis, the world will be a very diﬀerent place. 
We are witnessing many of those changes already. With cloud and the new class of collaboration tools, 
people are discovering that they are able to collaborate with each other just as well working from home, as 
they did in person in the pre-COVID era. 
Employers are discovering that the productivity is just as good, if not better, in this new way of working. We 
believe that while this pandemic is creating diﬃculties for various sectors, it is also leading to many 
opportunities for new business avenues for the IT Industry. 
Industry Overview
The global information technology industry is on pace to reach $5.2 trillion in 2020, according to the research 
consultancy IDC. Economies, jobs, and personal lives are becoming more digital, more connected, and more 
automated. Enterprises are advancing on their digital transformation journey to adapt to rapidly changing 
markets, business needs and consumer preferences. 
Software and computing technology is transforming businesses in every industry around the world in a 
profound and fundamental way. The continued reduction in the unit cost of hardware, the explosion of network 
bandwidth, advanced software technologies and technology-enabled services are fueling the rapid 
digitization of business processes and information. The digital revolution is cascading across industries, 
redeﬁning customer expectations, automating core processes and enabling software-based disruptive 
market oﬀerings and business models. This disruption is characterized by personalized user experiences, 
innovative products and services, increased business agility, extreme cost performance and a 
disintermediation of the supply chain. 
Business Overview
Our growth trajectory is driven by Concept, Capability & Culture. A value-creating concept, expanding 
capabilities and a healthy work culture are the cornerstones of everything we do at Dynacons. Our rich 
portfolio of service oﬀerings span across the IT infrastructure lifecycle of Plan-Build-Run-Monitor. We 
Dynacons is an IT System Integrator and Managed services organization oﬀering IT Infrastructure solutions 
as well as outsourcing services to enterprises. Dynacons undertakes all activities related to IT infrastructure 
including infrastructure design and consulting services, turnkey systems integration of large network and 
data centre infrastructures including supply of associated equipment and software; on-site and remote 
facilities management of multi- location infrastructure of domestic clients. The Company has built a strong 
customer base, variety of talent and a competent service delivery infrastructure. The company leverages all 
these and its deep contextual knowledge of its customers’ businesses to craft unique, high quality, high 
impact solutions designed to deliver diﬀerentiated business outcomes. 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 39 =====
38
Cloud adoption will continue to rise as companies embrace ﬂexible consumption through both hybrid and 
multicloud environments. For many companies, the hybrid-cloud approach serves as an interim step in the 
long process of digital transformation. Due to several factors, including a reliance on legacy systems and the 
need to comply with corporate regulations, many organizations have opted to place their workloads on both 
private and public clouds. Automation and Cloud technologies are no longer optional but are core 
components of any business transformation project. As businesses reinvent and transform themselves, only 
the enterprises that can compete via technology innovation, acceleration, and ﬂexibility will survive
Enterprises are increasingly moving to adopt Next Generation Data Centre Services. We have a wide range 
of service oﬀerings across data center management portfolio – comprising data center operations, data 
center transformation, data center automation, and cloud services. We help in making the Data centers ready 
for Digital Transformation and supports the entire lifecycle from DC transformation to modern data centers by 
enabling latest technology & solutions like Software Deﬁned Infrastructure, Hybrid Cloud architecture and 
Hyper Converged Infrastructure. Our data center infrastructure management solutions ensure enhanced 
agility, thereby facilitating the delivery of more automated and responsive business service. With strong 
automation and process frameworks, end users can be assured of proﬁcient and veriﬁed reference data 
center architecture-based solutions. 
Cloud computing is still a driver of both IT tactics and IT strategy. As an established technology, companies 
are now in the next phase of cloud adoption, taking a holistic view of their IT architecture and reconﬁguring 
workﬂow to take maximum advantage of cloud beneﬁts. Networking is an area being constantly upgraded as 
data demands grow. Storage solutions need to match workﬂow demands, and solid backup plans are key for 
ongoing operations. Server administration is still a key role since very few companies are shifting to 100% 
cloud-based architecture.
Digital technologies – especially cloud, IoT, AI and Machine Learning – have opened tremendous 
opportunities to innovate and transform some or all the components of the enterprise’s operations stack – the 
business processes, the supporting systems and underlying infrastructure. We are helping customers build a 
new future-proof IT Infrastructure, that is agile, eﬃcient, scalable, and resilient. Newer technologies open up 
the possibility of accomplishing a certain task faster, better or cheaper. As a customer-centric organization, 
we will keep looking for newer, better solutions to achieve a certain business outcome, and oﬀering those to 
our customers. We keep building our portfolio of capabilities in order meet the customer expectations thereby 
gaining trust. This goodwill translates into incremental business for the company.
Modern enterprises are embracing digitalization as a business model for their network infrastructure. We help 
customers future-proof their network infrastructure and network applications with an end-to-end portfolio of 
network services and solutions. The service portfolio encompasses strategy, design, and implementation 
across a range of requirements and network applications covering Software deﬁned DC and WAN, Uniﬁed 
communications and collaboration and Network automation. We help them deploy secure, fast and 
programmable networks which can scale and transform per changing business needs. These include life 
cycle management services that span strategy, design, implementation and managed services across data 
and collaboration networks and cover strategy deﬁnition, audit services, risk assessment and mitigation 
planning, policy deﬁnition and implementation uniﬁed communication services, software-deﬁned networks 
and network services brokerage. 
continually look for new areas in the customer’s business where we can add value, proactively invest in 
building innovative capabilities, and launch new oﬀerings to participate in those opportunities. The objective 
is to boost the top line, embrace new technology- enabled business models, create new revenue streams, 
address new customer segments, and deepen existing customer relationships. 
In the near term, enterprises are responding to the crisis by spending on workplace and collaboration tools, 
cyber- security and cloud adoption. Technology is seen as a source of competitive diﬀerentiation in every 
industry today, and technology intensity – or spend on technology as a percentage of revenue – is rising. This 
expands the market opportunity for our company. The strategy has been on expanding our expanding our 
addressable market by continually launching new services, products and platforms, catering to the priorities 
of an expanding set of stakeholders in the enterprise. We have immense conﬁdence in our ability to sustain 
longer term growth and value creation for our stakeholders.
===== PDF PAGE 40 =====
39
Customer Engagement and Value Creation
Technology today is very diﬀerent from what it used to be a few years ago. Digitisation today has made 
consumers more powerful and transformed the expectations of enterprises from IT. IT infrastructure services 
have now grown in importance. They are now expected to help businesses become agile, secure, service-
oriented, and capable of delivering uniﬁed experiences to end customers. Dynacons oﬀers Infrastructure 
Management Services (IMS), managing the mission- critical IT environments for some of the largest and most 
forward-looking organizations Dynacons' Enterprise Services oﬀerings include a wide spectrum of Enterprise 
IT and Oﬃce Automation Services including Infrastructure Managed Services, Break ﬁx Services, Managed 
Print Services, Cloud Computing, Systems Integration Services and Applications Development and 
Maintenance. The Company provides end-to-end technology and technology related services to 
corporations across industry verticals. 
Our solutions comprising workplace technologies aim at enhancing user satisfaction, freedom, and 
productivity while optimizing the ROI in workplace technologies. End users can consequently look forward to 
increased automation and collaboration by adopting workplace technology services. Our managed IT 
workplace services ensure right-sized infrastructure and support. This improves the monitoring of the next 
generation workplace environment and reduces incident and problem tickets. Our Workplace Solutions cover 
the entire lifecycle including sourcing and logistics, integration, user proﬁling and enablement, service desk 
and global ﬁeld support, remote/branch site optimization, hybrid messaging, enterprise mobile enablement, 
managed print services, virtualization and desktop as a service and operating system migration. The 
Company has won several contracts with large BFSI and Global enterprises such as Life Insurance 
Corporation, Facebook, Standard and Poor  etc for their workplace requirements. 
Our IT infrastructure management services have impressive credentials. We have not only executed complex 
IT transformation projects and have also helped run eﬃcient IT infrastructure services for enterprise 
customers. We have also have a proven track record of successful, high-complexity delivery, customer 
satisfaction, and innovative IT solutions. Our IT infrastructure management services oﬀer the experience, 
talent, and tools required to help you create, run, and manage next-generation IT infrastructure. Dynacons’ 
IMS oﬀerings caters to enterprises spread across a broad spectrum of industries. We are building capabilities 
in Automation and AI which will help us improve our service delivery – a strength our client’s value and 
leverage to make them more eﬃcient. 
As our company enters its 25th year – the secret behind its longevity and sustainability is being purpose 
driven, ﬂexible and adaptable to changing scenarios and technologies and following the goal of being 
relevant to its customers and other stakeholders. Our mission of using technology to help customers has 
served as a beacon that has guided our customer-centric strategy, our policies and our decision-making over 
the years.  This has helped us stay relevant to our customers through their evolving needs. 
We use our domain expertise to build impactful, customized technology and business solutions that address 
the customer’s business problems. These solutions create immense value for our customers by helping them 
embrace new business models, pursue new revenue streams, deliver superior customer experiences or build 
resilience and eﬃciency into their operations, and gain competitive diﬀerentiation. 
The company’s strong service orientation, willingness to invest in the relationship, commitment to deliver 
impactful outcomes and track record of execution excellence have resulted in consistently high customer 
satisfaction levels and long, enduring customer relationships. The resultant expansion in relationship capital 
translates into a very high level of repeat business that lends greater visibility and predictability to the 
business model. 
The focus is on constantly investing in building newer capabilities and expanding its oﬀerings. By cross-
selling and up-selling these new oﬀerings, customer engagements continually expand over the years, 
covering newer and newer areas of the enterprise’s operations. This further broadens and deepens the 
contextual knowledge of customers’ business and IT landscapes. The business model and strategy have 
resulted in deep and enduring customer relationships, a vibrant and engaged workforce, a steady expansion 
of its addressable market, a strong reputation as a responsible corporate citizen and a proven track record in 
delivering longer term stakeholder value. 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 41 =====
40
Looking ahead to 2020, ﬁrms that manage to thrive will be making investments in skills training, expanding 
their market reach to new customers and verticals, partnering with potential competitors, and embracing 
emerging tech. 
Strengths
Your Company has a well-deﬁned and scalable organizational structure based on product, territory and 
process knowledge, experienced and stable management team, strong relationships with banks, and 
investors. This helps Dynacons achieve its business goals. Dynacons has a team of specialists with 
experience in leveraging technology to help improve eﬃciency. The Company provides dynamic technology 
solutions and has the capability to address the increased complexity, cost and risk associated with these 
technology platforms.
In Fiscal 2020 we won multiple awards and recognitions.
Dynacons’ has been ranked 60th in Economic Times India’s Growth Champions list of the fastest growing 
companies among all Industries in India. The inaugural Economic Times India’s Growth Champions list is an 
initiative that aims to highlight true accelerators of the Indian economy. A place in this ranking represents a 
high-proﬁle acknowledgement of a Company’s performance that extends far beyond its speciﬁc industry. 
India’s Growth Champions reﬂects Company’s mercurial growth and rising stature, which will act as a 
multiplier eﬀect to further speed up growth. The Company has delivered a solid performance in the past few 
years with revenues in line with expectations. Its outstanding achievements have contributed to India’s 
growth wave, making it one of the changemakers of the nation. This one-of-a-kind ranking underlines the gold 
standard for growth and excellence.
Awards, Certiﬁcations and Recognitions
The company invests in broadening and deepening customer relationships by continually looking for new 
areas in their value chain where the company can add value, proactively investing  in building newer 
capabilities, reskilling its workforce and launching newer services, solutions, products and platforms. We 
value both our internal stakeholders and external stakeholders. Our investments, our empathy, and our 
commitment is what makes our employees feel valued, and which gets reciprocated with unmatched levels of 
energy and dedication to our organizational purpose. With our customers our customer-centricity and 
commitment to helping them succeed in their businesses, have helped us establish enduring customer 
relationships and abiding trust. We look forward to continuing to build on the trust of our clients.
Over the past year, we have been working relentlessly to rebuild a people organization to operate with the 
speed and agility of a startup. We are seeking to be agile in our responses to a rapidly changing external 
environment, and with it to increase the velocity of ideas and innovations we generate and execute. Our vision 
is to build a globally-respected organization delivering the best-of-breed business solutions, leveraging 
technology, delivered by the best-in-class people. We are guided by our value system which motivates our 
attitudes and actions. 
Your Company is recognized as part of the Deloitte Technology Fast 50 India 2019, a ranking of the 50 fastest 
growing technology companies in India. Rankings are based on percentage revenue growth over three years. 
The Deloitte Technology Fast 50 India program, which was launched in 2005, is conducted by Deloitte Touche 
Tohmatsu India LLP (DTTILLP), and is part of a truly integrated Asia Paciﬁc program recognising the India’s 
fastest growing and most dynamic technology businesses (public and private) and includes all areas of 
technology - from internet to biotechnology, from medical and scientiﬁc to computers/hardware. The program 
recognises the fastest growing technology companies in India based on their percentage revenue growth 
over the past three ﬁnancial years. Your Company is seeing a tremendous amount of growth across the 
systems integration and managed services areas, and are conﬁdent that our leadership and innovation in this 
space will continue to propel our growth. This continued recognition validates our commitment to helping our 
clients align their technology initiatives with their business goals.
We oﬀer end-to-end service oﬀering capabilities in consulting, software application development, integration, 
maintenance, validation, enterprise system implementation, infrastructure management and business 
process management. We have built speciﬁc industry domain and technology expertise. These give us the 
ability to articulate and demonstrate long-term value to our clients around the world, with whom we have 
deep, enduring and expansive relationships. 
===== PDF PAGE 42 =====
41
We have perfected sophisticated service delivery and quality control processes, standards and frameworks, 
that have resulted in a track record of performance excellence and client satisfaction. We have the ability to 
attract and retain high-quality management, technology professionals, and sales personnel 
We are entering the new ﬁscal year at a time when all major economies have been brought to a standstill. The 
impact has been very fast and widespread, and the next few months will be very diﬃcult for everyone, 
individuals and organizations. The next few months will be diﬃcult, but your company is strong with deep 
With the explosion of Internet of Things (IoT) devices, combined with the increased portability of computing 
power and AI-driven tools, the time is right for edge computing to experience signiﬁcant growth. As a result, 
IDC predicts that in three years, 45 percent of IoT-generated data will be stored, processed, analyzed, and 
acted upon close to or at the edge of networks. This will largely be driven by IoT applications across industries 
like manufacturing, retail, healthcare, energy, ﬁnancial services, logistics, and agriculture.
The Company continues to sustain its commitment to the highest levels of quality, superior service 
management, robust information security practices and mature business continuity management. The 
Company has also driven agility in its internal processes that enhance competitiveness. The Company has 
been appraised at Maturity Level 3 of the Capability Maturity Model Integration for Development. The 
customer-centricity, rigor in operations and focus on delivery excellence have resulted in consistent 
improvements in customer satisfaction levels.
We have been leveraging this contextual knowledge, products and solutions and partnerships and alliances 
with leading technology providers, to craft unique solutions that transform our customers’ businesses, and 
give them a competitive edge in the market. This has increased demand for the entire gamut of services, 
solutions, products and platforms oﬀered by us, resulting in a stronger order book, more robust revenue 
growth and improved market share. 
Our work across industries, value chains, and geographies, gives us keen insights into the pattern of changes 
impacting the fundamental wiring across a diverse set of businesses, and we believe with this understanding, 
we can help our clients pick up the right signals and work out what's next. Over the years, we have invested in 
building diﬀerentiated capabilities such as Speciﬁc industry domain and technology expertise, and end-to-
end service oﬀering capabilities in systems integration, and infrastructure management. Our Service Delivery 
Model divides projects into components that can be executed simultaneously at client sites and at our oﬃces 
in India. Our processes are based on the IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL®) service management framework 
with a focus on continuous service improvement and customer satisfaction. 
Your Company has developed and reﬁned its Service Delivery Model to ensure a consistent and controlled 
service process. We have taken several steps to build a sophisticated service delivery model and quality 
control processes, standards and frameworks. Our Sales and client engagement teams have ensured deep, 
enduring and expansive relationships with our customers around the world. All of our services and operations 
are fully aligned with the world’s most respected standards and frameworks. 
We continue to sustain its commitment to the highest levels of quality, superior service management, robust 
information security practices and business continuity management. Recognizing that workforce 
competency is a powerful growth engine, competency mapping and development was completed for the 
workforce with appropriate interventions through a learning and development plan. A strong emphasis is 
based on quality in every aspect of the Company’s activities. In line with this philosophy we have designed our 
quality management program and have deﬁned several key parameters for measurement of quality levels to 
ensure improvement in the quality of the deliverables. 
Outlook
Quality
Your Company has an enduring focus on operational and delivery excellence and towards sustainable growth 
on the path of business Excellence. We continue to strive towards process improvement for ensuring high 
quality delivery and high levels of customer satisfaction. Customer satisfaction and excellence in quality are 
key elements for succeeding in the competitive global market. Sustained commitment to highest levels of 
quality, best-in-class service management, robust information security practices and mature business 
continuity processes helped the Company attain signiﬁcant milestones during the year. 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 43 =====
42
relationships with customers and partners, enviable scale, a diversiﬁed business mix, a robust and resilient 
business model, and strong ﬁnancials. It is well positioned to weather the storms ahead and take advantage 
of opportunities that come up during the downturn to acquire new capabilities and gain market share. We 
pivoted our attention to the new needs of our clients – cloud, workplace transformation, cost eﬃciency and 
automation and we see good growth in these areas.
The Work from home requirement will need Enterprise to scale up their investment in their IT Infrastructure, 
collaboration solutions and workplace services. Government and the BFSI sectors are expected to lead the 
way and be huge buyers and these are the focus sectors for your Company also. We continued our eﬀorts this 
year on harnessing the power of artiﬁcial intelligence (AI) and automation, IoT platforms, and robotics. These 
technologies will redeﬁne the IT landscape and the business models of enterprises in the times to come.  This 
will create a lot of value for customers and drive revenues. 
Threats:
In the post- pandemic world, technology will play an ever larger role in helping enterprises adapt to the new 
normal and diﬀerentiate themselves. Your company is well poised to take the lead in partnering customers to 
recover and rebound on to their growth and transformation journeys. Since every business is becoming 
software deﬁned and technology led business models are emerging in every vertical, the technology 
investment is more than ever business outcome aligned and would be sustained through economic cycles. 
There will be a short period of dislocation in some sectors due to the complete stalling of all economic activity, 
but once things settle down, you will see spending on these themes return. Diﬀerent sectors will recover at 
diﬀerent rates, but technology will remain front and center of every organization’s strategy to innovate, 
diﬀerentiate itself and grow. 
During these diﬃcult times, we are staying close to customers and helping them develop and implement their 
own purpose- driven strategies, and enhance their organizational resilience and adaptability so they can 
survive future shocks, pivot into new business models or launch new oﬀerings and thrive. Consequently, in 
the medium to long term, it is very likely that businesses will continue to spend on technology- related 
initiatives with a greater focus on automation, remote working, cloud-based applications, optimization of 
legacy technology costs, etc. 
The key focus is to stay abreast with technology change, continually investing in building capabilities on 
newer technologies, and creatively harnessing the power of those technologies in bespoke ways for our 
customers. `By staying true to its mission and its values, and by continually investing in building newer 
capabilities, your Company is positioned well to become the partner of choice to enterprises in their growth 
and transformation journeys. 
Opportunities and threats
Opportunities: 
The COVID-19 pandemic is a global humanitarian and health crisis. Consequently, market demand and 
supply chains have been aﬀected, signiﬁcantly increasing the risk of a global economic recession. The 
pandemic has impacted, and may further impact, all of our stakeholders – employees, clients, investors and 
communities we operate in. 
Risks and Concerns 
Company's objectives and expectations may be forward looking within the meaning of applicable laws and 
regulations. The Company is exposed to variety of risks such as credit risk, economy risk, interest rate risk, 
liquidity risk and cash management risk, among others. The Company has Enterprise Risk Management 
The competition from large international and Indian IT companies is increasing in the domestic market space. 
Competition is the main threat to most tech outﬁts, considering the relentless product cycles, the typically 
rapid move towards commoditization in the sector and also changes in technology and markets, changes in 
government policy or regulations/legislation etc. also brings challenges and treats to the smooth functioning 
of the Company. In the IT industry, the ability to execute projects, build and maintain client partnerships and to 
achieve forecasted operating and ﬁnancial results are signiﬁcantly inﬂuenced by the organization’s success 
in hiring, training and retaining highly skilled IT professionals. 
===== PDF PAGE 44 =====
43
Framework, which involves risk identiﬁcation, risk assessment and risk mitigation planning for the Company. 
Technology investments by corporates have shown strong correlations with GDP growth. Uncertainties in 
economic outlook in these markets can impact technology spend, and thereby constrain the Company's 
growth potential.  
Your Company has developed competencies in various technologies, platforms and operating environments 
and oﬀers a wide range of technology options to clients to choose from, for their business needs. The 
Company strategy is not dependent on any single technology or platform. 
Spending on technology products and services by our clients and prospective clients is subject to ﬂuctuations 
depending on many factors, including both the economic and regulatory environment in the markets in which 
they operate. Your Company operates in an ever evolving and dynamic technology environment. Therefore, it 
becomes important for the Company to continuously review and upgrade its technology, resources and 
processes to mitigate technology obsolescence.  Rapidly evolving technologies are changing technology 
consumption patterns, creating new classes of buyers within the enterprise, giving rise to entirely new 
business models and therefore new kinds of competitors. This is resulting in increased demands on the 
Company's agility to keep pace with the changing customer expectations. 
One of the key areas of focus is talent availability and readiness of our leadership to lead and execute the 
organizational strategy. The focus is on deploying a robust training strategy to cater to the development 
needs of employees across leadership levels. This includes professional, functional, technical and 
leadership development learning solutions. The presence and demonstration of required competencies and 
skills across levels continues to play a key role in deﬁning the success trajectory of the organization. It’s the 
right and able people who bring the business strategy to life, a reality that your Company has taken note of.  
Internal Financial control systems and their adequacy
The Company’s well-deﬁned organizational structure, deﬁned authority matrix and internal ﬁnancial controls 
ensure eﬃciency of operations, protection of resources and compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations. Moreover, the Company continuously upgrades its systems and undertakes review of policies. 
There is an eﬀective internal control and risk mitigation system, which is constantly assessed and 
strengthened with new/revised standards operating procedures. The Company’s internal control system is 
commensurate with its size, scale and complexities of its operations. 
Your Company has a well-deﬁned delegation of power with authority limits for approving revenue as well as 
expenditure and processing payments. The Company has made the employees responsible for establishing 
expectations and seeking feedback at every role that is assigned. The employees have been enabled to 
inﬂuence their network of peers to co-own goals. This has helped enable cross functional collaboration and 
interlock. The Company has, in material respect, an adequate internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial 
reporting and such controls are operating eﬀectively. Understanding employee engagement and views on the 
employment experience periodically in our view is not reﬂective of the needs of the workforce today.  
Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited has an audit committee, the details of which have been provided in 
the corporate governance report. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors actively reviews the 
adequacy and eﬀectiveness of the internal control systems and suggest improvements to strengthen the 
same. 
The internal ﬁnancial control is supplemented by extensive internal audits, regular reviews by management 
and standard policies and guidelines to ensure reliability of ﬁnancial and all other records to prepare ﬁnancial 
statements and other data. 
The Company has the robust Management Information System, which is an integral part of the control 
mechanism. It has continued its eﬀorts to align all its processes and controls with best practices in the group 
and industry.
3. Dividend
For FY 2020, based on the Company’s performance, the Directors had declared  interim dividend of 5% of the 
Face Value of the share i.e. Rs. 0.50 per equity share amounting to Rs. 45,86,540 to be paid out of proﬁts of 
the Company for the FY 2019-2020 on the equity shares to those shareholders whose names appeared in the 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 45 =====
44
Register of Members of the Company on cut-oﬀ date i.e. August 22,2019.The interim dividend paid is 
considered as ﬁnal dividend for the ﬁnancial year ended  March 31, 2020.
The Dividend Distribution Policy, in terms of Regulation 43A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) is 
disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report and is uploaded on the Company’s website.
4. Transfer To Reserves
The Company has not transferred any amount to reserves.
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Act, the ﬁnancial statements of the Company, 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements along with relevant documents and separate audited ﬁnancial statements 
in respect of subsidiaries, are available on the website of the Company.
7. Details of signiﬁcant and material orders passed by the regulators or courts or tribunals impacting 
the going concern status and company’s operations in future
During the year, the non-executive directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions 
with the Company, other than sitting fees, commission and reimbursement of expenses, if any, incurred by 
them for the purpose of attending meetings of the Company.
The Company has a subsidiary Dynacons Systems & Solutions Pte. Ltd. as on March 31, 2020. There are no 
associate companies or joint venture companies within the meaning of Section 2(6) of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“Act”). There has been no material change in the nature of the business of the subsidiary.
All the above appointments/re-appointments by the Board of Directors are based on the recommendation of 
8. Details of Holding/Subsidiary/Joint Ventures/Associate Companies:
5. Transfer of Unclaimed Dividend to Investor Education and Protection Fund:
• There are no signiﬁcant and material orders passed by the Regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the 
going concern status and company’s operations in future.
On recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors in its meeting held on 
September 03, 2020, had re-appointed Mrs. Archana Phadke for a period of Five years, subject to approval of 
Members. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 129(3) of the Act, a statement containing the salient features of ﬁnancial 
statements of the Company’s subsidiaries in Form AOC-1 is attached to the ﬁnancial statements of the 
Company as Annexure -V
• There was no change in the nature of business of the Company.
The requirement of transfer of unclaimed dividend to Investor Education and Protection Fund as per the 
provisions of Sec.125 (2) of the Companies Act, 2013, does not apply to the Company, for the year ended on 
March 31, 2020, since the Company has declared an interim dividend for the FY 2019-2020 on the equity 
shares.
6. Material changes and commitments, if any, aﬀecting the ﬁnancial position of the company which 
have occurred between the end of the ﬁnancial year of the company to which the ﬁnancial 
statements relate and the date of the report
During the year under review, there have been no material changes and commitments aﬀecting the ﬁnancial 
position of the Company which have occurred between the end of the Financial Year of the Company to which 
the Financial Statements relate and the date of the report. 
9. Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
Mr. Shirish Anjaria, Chairman cum Managing Director, retires by rotation and being eligible, has oﬀered 
himself for re-appointment. The Board recommends the resolutions for your approval for the above 
appointment.
• During the year under review, there were no cases ﬁled under the Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. 
===== PDF PAGE 46 =====
45
Pursuant to Schedule V to the Listing Regulations and as required under Regulation 27 of Securities & 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 with the Stock 
Exchanges, the report on Management Discussion and Analysis, Corporate Governance as well as the 
Statutory Auditors’ Certiﬁcate regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance forms part of the 
Annual Report and the Certiﬁcate duly signed by the Chairman cum Managing Director and Chief Financial 
Oﬃcer on the Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2020 forms a part of Annual 
Report. 
The Company has practice of conducting familiarization program of the Independent directors as detailed in 
the Corporate Governance Report which forms part of the Annual Report.
14. Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management
15. Familiarization Program for Independent Directors
Your Company has always practiced sound corporate governance and takes necessary actions at 
appropriate time for meeting stakeholders’ expectations while continuing to comply with the mandatory 
provisions of corporate governance.
The Directors and members of Senior Management have aﬃrmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for 
Directors and Senior Management of the Company. The copies of Code of Conduct as applicable to the 
Executive Directors (including Senior Management of the Company) and Non-Executive Directors are 
uploaded on the website of the Company – www.dynacons.com.
13. Corporate Governance
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The resolutions for aforementioned appointment/re-
appointments and for payment of remuneration to Managing Director, Whole time- Director together with 
requisite disclosures are set out in the Notice of the ensuing 25th AGM. The Board recommends all the 
resolutions for your approval.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 of the Act and the rules framed thereunder, M/s. MSP & Co., 
Chartered Accountants, (ICAI Firm Registration No. 107565W) had been appointed as the statutory auditors 
of the Company, for a term of ﬁve consecutive years, at the AGM held in the year 2017. The Companies 
(Amendment) Act, 2017 has waived the requirement for ratiﬁcation of the appointment of auditor by the 
shareholders at every Annual General Meeting with eﬀect from May 07, 2018. Hence, the approval of the 
members is not being sought for the re-appointment of the Auditors in line with the resolution passed for their 
appointment at the 22nd AGM held on September 29, 2017. 
Auditors have conﬁrmed that they are not disqualiﬁed to act as Auditors and are eligible to hold oﬃce as 
Auditors of your Company. They have also conﬁrmed that they hold a valid peer review certiﬁcate as 
prescribed under Listing Regulations. 
12. Auditors’ Report
The Company’s policy on directors’ appointment and remuneration and other matters provided in Section 
178(3) of the Act has been disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this report.
10. Remuneration to Director and Employees
The Auditors’ Report does not contain any qualiﬁcation. Notes to Accounts and Auditors remarks in their 
report are self-explanatory and do not call for any further comments.
Details/Disclosures of ratio of remuneration to each Director to median employee`s remuneration as required 
pursuant to Section 197(12) of the Companies Act 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and details of remuneration paid to Employees vide 
Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is given 
as Annexure- IV
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Act, there has been no change in the key managerial 
personnel during the year.
11. Auditors
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 47 =====
43
The following documents have been placed on the website in compliance with the Act:
17.  Particulars of the Employees
16.  Relationship Between Directors Inter-Se
• Details of Vigil mechanism for directors and employees to report genuine concerns as per proviso to 
Section 177(10).
• Materiality Policy under Regulation 30 of SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015
• The terms and conditions of appointment of independent directors as per Schedule IV to the act.
Empowered individuals take ownership of outcomes, beyond just the completion of an assigned task. 
Empowered, purpose-driven teams can cope even with unexpected events because they know exactly what 
they need to do, even when no explicit instructions are provided. Such concerted, autonomous behaviors, in 
aggregate, give the organization the ability to cope with sudden shocks, and impart organizational resilience. 
• Shareholding Pattern
• CSR Policy
Continual pursuit to connect with our employees on a regular basis, communicate in an open and transparent 
manner, and progressive HR policies are yielding desired results. we focus on promoting a collaborative, 
transparent and participative organization culture, and rewarding individual contribution and innovation. 
• Annual Reports
20.  Secretarial Audit Report 
Attracting, enabling and retaining talent have been the cornerstone of the Human Resource function and the 
results underscore the important role that human capital plays in critical strategic activities such as growth. 
• Latest Announcements
• Financial statements of the Company and consolidated ﬁnancial statements along with relevant 
documents as per third proviso to Section 136(1).
• Corporate Governance
18.  Documents placed on the Website of the Company:
• Code of Conduct
• Nomination and Remuneration Policy
19.  Human Resource Management (Material developments in Human Resources/Industrial 
Relations front, including number of people employed) 
Pursuant to Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company had appointed, Ms. Shruti Shah, 
Practicing Company Secretary as its Secretarial Auditor to conduct the Secretarial Audit of the Company for 
the F.Y. 2019-2020. The Company has provided all the assistance and facilities to the Secretarial Auditor for 
conducting their audit. Report of Secretarial Auditors for the F.Y. 2019-2020 in Form MR-3 is annexed to this 
The Directors, Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria & Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria having father and son relationship are related 
to each other within the meaning of the term “relative” as per Section 2(77) of the Act and as per SEBI(Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. Other than these, none of the Directors are 
related.
The information as required under Section 197 of the Act and rules made there-under is not applicable as 
none of the employees are in receipt of remuneration which exceeds the limits speciﬁed under the said rules 
read with Rule 5(2) of The Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014.
A robust Talent Acquisition system enables the Company to balance unpredictable business demands with a 
predictable resource supply through organic and inorganic growth. 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 48 =====
47
The Auditors’ Report to the members on the Accounts of the Company for the ﬁnancial year ended                    
31st March, 2019 does not contain any qualiﬁcations, reservations or adverse remarks. The Secretarial Audit 
Report, however contains the following observation from Secretarial Auditor.
The Secretarial Audit report does not contain any qualiﬁcation, reservation or adverse remark however 
contains the following observation from Secretarial Auditor.
The paid up Equity Share Capital of the Company as on March 31, 2020 is Rs. 9,17,30,800 divided into 
91,73,080 Equity shares of Rs. 10 each which is same as at the previous year end.
During the year under review the Company has some unspent amount of CSR as per the provisions of 
Companies Act 2013, however he Board has informed that the CSR Comitteee of the Company has identiﬁed 
& approved projects for the balance amount which will be paid in due course, since few of the CSR activities 
projects approved during the year are of larger gestation period and is taking longer time for implementation. 
Such projects are still under progress at diﬀerent stages and will be completed in a year.
CSR Comitteee has identiﬁed & approved projects for the balance amount which will be paid in due course, 
since few of the CSR activities projects approved during the year are of larger gestation period and is taking 
longer time for implementation. Such projects are still under progress at diﬀerent stages and will be 
completed in a year. 
22.  Share Capital
report as Annexure-II.
21.  Explanation or comments on Qualiﬁcations, reservations or adverse remarks made by Auditors 
and the Practicing Company Secretary in their Reports:
The Company had during the year under review taken steps to comply with the provisions of Companies Act, 
2013 and rules framed thereunder pertaining to CSR and initiatives had been taken for project identiﬁcation 
for spending the amount for CSR Activities.
a. Buyback of Securities: The Company has not bought back any of the securities during the year under 
review.
c. Employee Stock Option Plan: The Company has not provided any stock options to the employees for the 
year under review.
Board’s Response: 
23.  Shares:  
Your Directors have pleasure to inform that Acuite had carried out a credit rating assessment of the Company 
both for short term and long term bank facilities in compliance with norms implemented by Reserve Bank of 
India for all banking facilities which enables the Company to access banking services at low costs. Acuite has 
assigned BBB rating to your Company for working capital facilities for a total amount of Rs. 35.00 Crores. 
Acuite has also assigned Acuite A3+ rating for the Long-term/short term bank facilities of the Company up to 
Rs. 30 Crores.
d. Preferential issue: The Company has not issued any shares on preferential basis during the year under 
review.
24.  Credit Rating 
Your Company has not accepted any ﬁxed deposits and, as such, no amount of principal or interest was 
outstanding as on the date of the Balance Sheet.
25.  Fixed Deposits
b. Sweat Equity: The Company has not issued any sweat equity shares during the year under review.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 49 =====
48
(f) They have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and 
that such systems were adequate and operating eﬀectively. 
Pursuant to the provisions of clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
Directors conﬁrm that, to the best of their knowledge and belief:
(b) They have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of aﬀairs of the 
Company at the end of the ﬁnancial year and of the proﬁt/loss of the Company for that period; 
(c) They have taken proper and suﬃcient care, to the best of their knowledge and ability,  for the maintenance 
of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of 
the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
(d) They have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis; and 
(e) They have laid down internal ﬁnancial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal 
ﬁnancial controls are adequate and were operating eﬀectively
26.  Directors Responsibility Statement
27.  Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption, Research & Development and Foreign 
Exchange Earnings and Outgo
(a) In the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards had been followed along 
with no material departures; 
Information pursuant to Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014 forming part of Directors’ Report for the year ended 31st March, 2020 is as under :
Conservation of Energy:  The Company’s operations involve low energy consumption. However eﬀorts to 
conserve and optimize the use of energy through improved operational methods and other means will 
continue.
Technology Absorption: The Technology available and utilized is continuously being upgraded to improve 
overall performance and productivity.
Research & Development: Your Company believes that research & development is a continuous process for 
sustained corporate excellence. Our research & development activities help us in product and service 
improvement, eﬀective time management and are focused to provide unique beneﬁts to our customers.  Such 
methods do not involve any speciﬁc cost burden to the Company.
Foreign Exchange Earnings : Rs.2464.71 Lakhs (previous year 1451.03 Lakhs) 
Foreign Exchange Outgo     : Rs.352.40 Lakhs (previous year 1923.52 Lakhs) 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board has carried out an annual performance 
evaluation of its own performance, the directors individually as well as the evaluation of the working of its 
Audit, Nomination & Remuneration Committee. The manner in which the evaluation has been carried out has 
been explained in the Corporate Governance Report.
30.  Declaration by an Independent Director(s) 
29.  Number of Meetings of the Board
The Board has received the declaration from all the Independent Directors as per the Section 149(7) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the Board is satisﬁed that all the Independent Directors meet the criterion of 
During the year, Eleven Board Meetings were held. The details of the Board and various Committee meetings 
are given in the Corporate Governance Report.
28.  Board Evaluation
===== PDF PAGE 50 =====
49
All contracts/arrangements/transactions entered by the Company during the ﬁnancial year with related 
parties were in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis. The details of material contracts 
or arrangements or transactions at arm's length basis or otherwise have been disclosed in Form AOC-2 as 
Annexure III.
39.  Particulars of contracts or arrangements with related parties:
The details in respect of internal ﬁnancial control and their adequacy are included in the Management 
Discussion and Analysis, which is a part of this report.
36.  Corporate Social Responsibility:
The Company has constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee as per Section 135(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013. The composition of CSR Committee and terms of reference are provided in Corporate 
Governance Report. The CSR policy is uploaded on the Company’s website at www.dynacons.com. The 
CSR Report for the Financial Year 2019-20 is annexed to this report as Annexure-VI.
As required pursuant to Section 92(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 12(1) of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, an extract of annual return in MGT-9 as a part of this Annual 
Report annexed as Annexure-I. The same is also available on the website of the company at the web link: 
http://dynacons.com/investors/
38.  Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or investments:
Details of Loans, Guarantees and Investments covered under the provisions of Section 186 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 are given in the notes to the Financial Statements. 
33.  Composition of Audit Committee
independence as mentioned in Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.
35.  Risk Management Policy:
31.  Policy on directors’ appointment and remuneration and other details
32.  Internal Financial Control System
The Audit Committee comprises of three directors namely, Mr. Jitesh Jain, Mr. Viren Shah and Mr. Dilip 
Palicha. 
Your Company has established a mechanism called ‘Vigil Mechanism’ for directors and employees to report 
the unethical behavior, actual or suspected, fraud or violation of the Company’s code of conduct or ethics 
policy and provides safeguards against victimization of employees who avail the mechanism. The Vigil 
Mechanism Policy has been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.dynacons.com.
Risk Management Policy identiﬁes, communicate and manage material risks across the organization. The 
policy also ensures that responsibilities have been appropriately delegated for risk management. Key Risk 
and mitigation measures are provided in the Management Discussion and Analysis annexed to the Annual 
Report.
34.  Vigil Mechanism (Whistle Blower Policy):
37.  Extract of Annual Return:
Policy on materiality of related party transactions and dealing with related party transactions as approved 
by the Board is uploaded on the Company’s website at 
http://dynacons.com/Policy%20on%20Related%20Party%20Transactions.x24892.pdf
The Company’s policy on directors’ remuneration and appointment and other matters provided in Section 
178(3) of the Act has been disclosed in the corporate governance report, which forms part of this report.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 51 =====
  For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
  
  Shirish M. Anjaria   Parag J. Dalal           
  Chairman cum    Executive Director
  Managing Director   DIN No: 00409894
  DIN No: 00444104
Place: Mumbai
Date: September 03, 2020
41. Acknowledgements
Your Directors thank the Company’s Investors, Clients, Vendors, Bankers, Business and various 
governmental as well as regulatory agencies for their continued support and conﬁdence in the management.
40. Obligation of Company under the Sexual harassment of women at workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013
Your Company has adopted a policy for prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women at workplace .An 
Internal Complaints Committee has been constituted in line with the Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (‘the said Act’). During the year Company has 
not received any complaint of harassment.
Your Directors wish to place on record their deep sense of appreciation of the dedicated and sincere services 
rendered by employees at all levels during the year. Your Company’s consistent growth was made possible by 
their hard work, solidarity, cooperation and support.
50
===== PDF PAGE 52 =====
51
Annexure I
As on ﬁnancial year ended on 31.03.2020
FORM NO. MGT 9
EXTRACT OF ANNUAL RETURN
Pursuant to Section 92 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 12(1) of the Company 
(Management & Administration) Rules, 2014.
I. REGISTRATION & OTHER DETAILS:
II. PRINCIPAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY (All the business activities contributing 
10 % or more of the total turnover of the company shall be stated)
Sr. 
No. %  to total turnover of the company 
1 Systems Integration 6202 100.00% 
III.  PARTICULARS OF HOLDING, SUBSIDIARY AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES [No. of 
Companies for which information is being ﬁlled]
1 Dynacons Systems & Solutions Pte Ltd. 201707647W Subsidiary Company 
2. Registration Date 26/09/1995
4. Category/Sub-category COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES/ INDIAN NON-
 of the Company GOVERNMENT COMPANY
1. CIN L72200MH1995PLC093130
5. Address of the Registered  78, RATNAJYOT  INDUSTRIAL ESTATE, IRLA LANE, 
 oﬃce  & contact details VILE PARLE (WEST), MUMBAI - 400056.
6. Whether listed company Yes
9. Telephone number 022-66889900
8. E-mail Id investor@dynacons.com
ST
7. Name, Address & contact  BIGSHARE SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED, 1  FLOOR, BHARAT
 details of the Registrar &  TIN WORKS, BUILDING, OPP. VASANT OASIS, MAKWANA
 Transfer Agent, if any. ROAD, MAROL, ANDHERI EAST, MUMBAI - 400059.
  Email Id: rajeshm@bigshareonline.com
  Tel. No.:  022 62638200/206
3. Name of the Company DYNACONS SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED
Name and Description of main 
products / services 
NIC Code of the 
Product/service 
Sr. 
No. 
NAME AND ADDRESS OF
THE COMPANY CIN/GLN HOLDING / SUBSIDIARY / 
ASSOCIATE 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 53 =====
52
A)  Category-wise Share Holding
IV.  SHARE HOLDING PATTERN (Equity Share Capital Breakup as percentage of Total Equity) 
Category of 
Shareholders
(1) Indian 
b) Central Govt 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
d) Bodies Corp. 71475 415000 486475 5.30 486475 0 486475 5.30 0.00       
Total
shareholding
of Promoter (A) 2849984 1385000 4234984 46.17 4234984 0 4234984 46.17 0.00
A. Promoters 
a) Individual /   
HUF  2778509 970000 3748509 40.86 3748509 0 3748509 40.86 0.00
c) State Govt(s) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
e) Banks / FI 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
f) Any other 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
(2) Foreign
a) Individuals
(Non-Resident 
Individuals/
Foreign 
Individuals) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
b) Bodies 
Corporate  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
c) Institutions 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
d) Any Other 
(Specify)  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Sub Total A2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total
Shareholding
of Promoter 
Group A(1+2) 2849984 1385000 4234984 46.17 4234984 0 4234984 46.17 0.00
B. Public 
Shareholding
e) Venture 
Capital Funds 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
b) Banks / FI 280 0 280 0 280 0 280 0 0
a) Mutual Funds 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
1. Institutions
c) Central Govt 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
f) Insurance 
Companies 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
d) State Govt(s) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
g) FIIs  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
h) Foreign 
Venture Capital 
Funds  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Demat 
No. of Shares held at the beginning
of the year [As on 31-March-2019]
No. of Shares held at the end
of the year[As on 31-March-2020] % Change
during
the year
Physical Total
% of 
Total
Shares
Demat Physical Total
% of 
Total
Shares
===== PDF PAGE 54 =====
53
Category of 
Shareholders
i) Individual 
shareholders 
holding nominal
share capital 
up to Rs. 1 lakh 2858916 40660 2899576 31.61 2726824 39140 2765964 30.15 (1.46)
Sub-total (B)
(1):-  17497 0 17497 0.19 280 0 280 0 (0.19)
Foreign 
Nationals  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0     0
c) Others 
(specify)  380145 0 380145 4.14 483674 0 483674 5.27 1.13  
Sub-total 
(B)(2):-  3999939 920660 4920599 53.64 4898676 39140 4937816 53.83 0.19
b) Individuals 
Foreign 
Bodies - D R 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
i) Indian  168714 0 168714 1.84 116811 0 116811 1.27 (0.57)
2. Non-
Institutions
Trusts  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Clearing 
Members  8327 0 8327 0.09 20576 0 20576 0.22 0.13
Hindu Undivided
Family(HUF) 168323 0 168323 1.83 229303 0 229303 2.50 0.67
a) Bodies Corp.         
Grand Total 
(A+B+C)  6867420 2305660 9173080 100.00 9133940 39140 9173080 100.00 0
j) Others 
(specify)  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
ii) Overseas 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total Public 
Shareholding 
(B)=(B)(1)+ 
(B)(2)  4017436 920660 4938096 53.83 4898956 39140 4938096 53.83 0.00
Non Resident 
Indians  203495 0 203495 2.22 233795 0 233795 2.55 0.33
ii) Individual 
shareholders 
holding nominal
share capital 
in excess of 
Rs 1 lakh  592164 880000 1472164 16.05 1571367 0 1571367 17.13 1.08
Overseas 
Corporate
Bodies  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0     0
C. Shares held 
by Custodian 
for GDRs & 
ADRs  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
i) Foreign 
portfolio 
Investors  17217 0 17217 0.19 0 0 0 0 (0.19)
Demat 
No. of Shares held at the beginning
of the year [As on 31-March-2019]
No. of Shares held at the end
of the year[As on 31-March-2020] % Change
during
the yearPhysical Total
% of 
Total
Shares
Demat Physical Total
% of 
Total
Shares
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 55 =====
54
B)      Shareholding of Promoter (including Promoter Group):
Sr.
No.
No. of 
Shares 
Shareholder's
Name
Shareholding at the beginning
of the year 01.04.2019
Shareholding at the end
of the year 31.03.2020 % change
in
shareholding
during 
the year
% of total
Shares
of the
company
% of Shares 
Pledged /
encumbered 
to total 
shares
No. of 
Shares 
% of total
Shares
of the
company
% of Shares 
Pledged /
encumbered 
to total 
shares
 2 DHARMESH S. ANJARIA 636220 6.94 0 636220 6.94 0 0
 4 NILAM S. ANJARIA 364602 3.97 0 364602 3.97 0 0
 7 HASUMATI DALAL 64816 0.71 0 64816 0.71 0 0
 8 SHIRISH M. ANJARIA (H.U.F) 253543 2.76 0 253543 2.76 0 0
 9 TRIGEM INFOSOLUTIONS 
  LIMITED 486475 5.30 0 486475 5.30 0 0
 3 PARAG J. DALAL 627200 6.84 0 627200 6.84 0 0
 5 JIGNA D. ANJARIA 211463 2.31 0 211463 2.31 0 0
 6 DEVANGI PARAG DALAL 189640 2.07 0 189640 2.07 0    0
 10 PARAG J. DALAL (H.U.F) 310077 3.38 0 310077 3.38 0 0
 11 DHARMESH S. ANJARIA 
  (H.U.F.) 250000 2.73 250000 2.73 0 0 0
 1 SHIRISH M. ANJARIA 840948 9.17 0 840948 9.17 0 0 
  Total 4234984 46.17 0 4234984 46.17 0 0
C)      Change in Promoters' (including Promoter Group) Shareholding:
Sr.
No.
*Name of
Promoter Particulars
Shareholding at the 
beginning of the year
Cumulative Shareholding
during the year
No. of
shares
% of total
shares of the
company
% of total
shares of the
company
No. of
shares
 5 JIGNA D ANJARIA At the beginning of the year  211463 2.31 211463 2.31
 1 SHIRISH M. ANJARIA At the beginning of the year  840948 9.17 840948 9.17
   Increase/Decrease Nil 0.00 Nil 0.00
 3 PARAG J. DALAL At the beginning of the year  627200 6.84 627200 6.84
   At the end of the year 364602 3.97 364602 3.97
 2 DHARMESH S. ANJARIA At the beginning of the year  636220 6.94 636220 6.94
   Increase/Decrease  Nil 0.00 Nil 0.00
   At the end of the year 840948 9.17 840948 9.17
   Increase /Decrease Nil 0.00 Nil 0.00
   At the end of the year 627200 6.84 627200 6.84
   Increase/Decrease Nil 0.00 Nil 0.00
   Increase/Decrease  Nil 0.00 Nil 0.00
   At the end of the year 636220 6.94 636220 6.94
 4 NILAM SHIRISH ANJARIA At the beginning of the year  364602 3.97 364602 3.97
   At the end of the year 211463 2.31 211463 2.31
===== PDF PAGE 56 =====
55
Sr.
No.
*Name of
Promoter Particulars
Shareholding at the 
beginning of the year
Cumulative Shareholding
during the year
No. of
shares
% of total
shares of the
company
% of total
shares of the
company
No. of
shares
   At the end of the year 486475 5.30 486475 5.30
   Increase/Decrease  Nil 0.00 Nil 0.00
 6 DEVANGI PARAG DALAL At the beginning of the year  189640 2.07 189640 2.07
 8  SHIRISH M. ANJARIA  At the beginning of the year  253543 2.76 253543 2.76
  (H.U.F) 
   Increase/Decrease  Nil 0.00 Nil 0.00
   At the end of the year 310077 3.38 310077 3.38
   At the end of the year 189640 2.07 189640 2.07
   Increase/Decrease  0 0.00 0 0.00
 9 TRIGEM 
  INFOSOLUTIONS  At the beginning of the year  486475 5.30 486475 5.30
  LIMITED 
 7 HASUMATI DALAL At the beginning of the year  64816 0.71  64816 0.71
   At the end of the year 253543 2.76 253543 2.76
   Increase/Decrease Nil 0.00 Nil 0.00     
   At the end of the year 64816 0.71  64816 0.71
 11. DHARMESH S. ANJARIA At the beginning of the year  250000 2.73 250000 2.73
  (H.U.F)
 10. PARAG J. DALAL (H.U.F) At the beginning of the year  310077 3.38 310077 3.38
   At the end of the year 250000 2.73 250000 2.73
   Increase/Decrease  Nil 0.00 Nil 0.00
   Increase/Decrease  Nil 0.00 Nil 0.00
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 57 =====
56
Sr.
No.
 (Other than Directors, Promoters and Holders of GDRs and ADRs):
D)  Shareholding Pattern of top ten Shareholders: - 
*Name of top ten 
shareholder
Shareholding at the
beginning of the
year as on 01.04.2018
Change in
share-Holding during
the year
Shareholding at the
end of the year
as on 31.03.2019
% of total
 shares of
the company
No. of
shares
% of total
 shares of
the company
No. of
shares
% of total
 shares of
the company
No. of
shares
 2 Niraj Deepak Dalal 440000 4.80 0 0 440000 4.80
 1 Tejal Sandeep Parikh 440000 4.80 0 0 440000 4.80
 3 Jagannath D Devadiga 62807 0.68 48069 0.52 110876 1.21
 4 Bhavinkumar Ramanlal Panchal 76000 0.83 15100 0.16 91100 0.99
 5 Shashi Bhala 63346 0.69 0 0 63346 0.69
 10 Shyamsunder Gupta 33236 0.36 4763 0.05 37999 0.41
 6 Vishal  Chapper 49349 0.54 0 0 49349 0.54
 7 Mastermind Financial Services 
  Pvt. Ltd. 40000 0.44  0 0 40000  0.44
 9 Kishore Pratapsinh Kajaria 38714 0.42 0 0 38714 0.42
 12 Ajith P Mathew 36157 0.39 0 0 36157 0.39
 8 Shivani Miglani 38839 0.42 (7560) (0.08) 31279 0.34
 11 Rajshree Kishore Kajaria 37067 0.40 0 0 37067 0.40
E)  Shareholding of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel:
*Note: The above details are given as on 31st March, 2020. The Company is listed and 99.57% shareholding 
is in dematerialized form. Hence, it is not feasible to track movement of shares on daily basis. The aforesaid 
holdings by top ten shareholders are due to market operations. 
Sr.
No.
*Name of the
shareholder
Shareholding at the
beginning of the
year as on 01.04.2019
Change in
share-Holding during
the year
Shareholding at the
end of the year
as on 31.03.2020
% of total
 shares of
the company
No. of
shares
% of total
 shares of
the company
No. of
shares
% of total
 shares of
the company
No. of
shares
 2 Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria 
  (Whole-time director)  636220 6.94 - - 636220 6.94
 6 Mrs. Archana Phadke
  (Independent Director)  80 - - - 80 -
 8 Mr. Ravi Singh 
  (Company Secretary)  - - - - - -
 1 Mr. Shirish Anjaria 
  (Chairman cum 
  Managing Director)  840948 9.17 - - 840948 9.17
 3 Mr. Parag Dalal
  (Whole-time director)  627200 6.84 - - 627200 6.84
 4 Mr. Dilip Palicha 
  (Independent Director)  - - - - - -
 5  Mr. Viren Shah
   (Independent Director)  - - - - - -
 7 Mr. Jitesh Jain
  (Independent Director)  - - - - - -
===== PDF PAGE 58 =====
57
F) INDEBTEDNESS - Indebtedness of the Company including interest outstanding/accrued but not due 
for payment.
(` in Lakhs)
Secured
Loans
excluding
deposits
Unsecured
Loans Deposits Total
Indebtedness
Indebtedness at the beginning of the ﬁnancial year  
ii) Interest due but not paid    0 0 0 0
iii) Interest accrued but not due   0 0 0 0
Change in Indebtedness during the ﬁnancial year
* Addition      400.00 0 0 400.00
Indebtedness at the end of the ﬁnancial year  
i) Principal Amount     3,520.73 0 0 3,520.73
Net Change      (22.28) 0 0 (22.28)
iii) Interest accrued but not due   0 0 0 0 
Total (i+ii+iii)      3520.73 0 0 3520.73
I) Principal Amount     3520.73 0 0 3520.73
* Reduction      422.28 0 0 422.28
Total (i+ii+iii)      3,551.06 0 0 3,551.06
ii) Interest due but not paid    0 0 0 0 
A. REMUNERATION TO MANAGING DIRECTOR, WHOLE-TIME DIRECTORS AND/OR MANAGER:
V.  REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL-
Sr.
No.
Particulars of 
Remuneration
   Total (A)  30,00,000 27,00,000  27,00,000 84,00,000
     Mr. Shirish M. Mr. Parag  Mr. Dharmesh  
   Anjaria J. Dalal   S. Anjaria      
  (b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2)
  Income-tax Act, 1961  0 0  0 0
  (c) Proﬁts in lieu of salary 
  under section 17(3) Income- tax 
  Act, 1961  0 0  0 0
 2 Stock Option  0 0  0 0
  (a) Salary as per provisions 
  contained in section 17(1) 
  of the Income-tax Act, 1961  30,00,000 27,00,000  27,00,000 84,00,000
   Ceiling as per the Act  84,00,000 84,00,000  84,00,000 2,52,00,000
 1 Gross salary   
 4 Commission
  - as % of proﬁt
  -  others, specify…   0 0  0 0
 3 Sweat Equity  0 0  0 0
 5 Others, please specify   0 0  0 0
Name  Total
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 59 =====
58
 The details of sitting fees/remuneration paid to the Directors for the year 2019-2020 are as under:
B.  REMUNERATION TO OTHER DIRECTORS- Sitting fees 
Sr.
No. Name of the Director
Salary & 
Perquisites
(Rs.)
 1 Mr. Jitesh Jain 20,000 0  0 20,000
 2 Mr. Dilip Palicha 20,000 0  0 20,000
 3 Mr. Viren Shah 20,000 0  0 20,000
 4 Mrs. Archana Phadke 20,000 0  0 20,000
Commission
(Rs.) Total (Rs.)
Sitting Fees for
attending
Meeting (Rs.)
C.  REMUNERATION TO KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL OTHER THAN 
MD/MANAGER/WTD
During the year 2019-2020, the Company paid sitting fees of Rs.80,000/- to its Non-Executive Directors 
for attending meetings of the Board and Meeting of Committees of the Board for the F.Y. 2019-2020. The 
Company also reimburses the out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Directors for attending the 
Meetings.
Sr.
No. Key Managerial Personnel
 4 Commission  
   -  as % of proﬁt 
  (b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) 
  Income-tax Act, 1961  0 0 0 0 
 5 Others, please specify 0   0 0  0 
    others, specify… 0   0 0  0 
 3 Sweat Equity 0  0  0  0 
   Total 0  157,000 0  157,000
 2 Stock Option 0  0  0  0 
  (c) Proﬁts in lieu of salary under section 17(3) 
  Income-tax Act, 1961 0  0  0  0 
 1 Gross salary    
  (a) Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1) 
  of the Income-tax Act, 1961 0  157,000 0  157,000
TotalCFO#CS Ravi 
Singh
CEO
Particulars of Remuneration
# Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria is Whole time Director & CFO of the Company. His salary is shown in para 
XIA of the form as salary of Whole time Director & CFO.
VI.  PENALTIES / PUNISHMENT/ COMPOUNDING OF OFFENCES: NIL
===== PDF PAGE 60 =====
59
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence 
to good corporate practices by DYNACONS SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED (hereinafter called the 
Company). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating 
the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') and the rules made thereunder and the Companies Act, 1956 to the 
extent applicable;
Based on my veriﬁcation of the Company's books, papers, minute books, forms and returns ﬁled and other 
records maintained by the Company and also the information and representation pertaining to compliance 
provided by the Company, its oﬃcers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of 
Secretarial Audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the 
ﬁnancial year ended on 31st March, 2020 generally complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder 
and based on the management representation, that the Company has proper Board-processes and 
compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minutes book, forms and returns ﬁled and other records maintained by 
the Company for the ﬁnancial year ended on 31st March, 2020 according to the provisions of:
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Act, 1992 ('SEBI Act'):-
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the rules made thereunder;
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent 
of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings; 
wherever applicable
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Board of Directors,
DYNACONS SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED
CIN: L72200MH1995PLC093130
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, Irla Lane
Vile Parle (W),
Mumbai- 400056.
 (a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011;
Form No. MR-3
Annexure II to the Directors' Reports
 (c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018 and amendments from time to time; 
st
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31  MARCH, 2019
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
 (b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 (d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Employee Stock Option Scheme and Employee Stock 
Purchase Scheme) Guidelines, 1999- Not applicable as the Company has not issued any shares 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 61 =====
60
 (e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 
2008- Not applicable as the Company has not issued any debt securities;
 (f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act, 2013 and dealing with client- Not applicable as the 
Company is not registered as Registrar to Issue and Share Transfer Agents during the ﬁnancial year 
under review.
 (i) Secretarial Standards (SS – 1 & SS – 2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India 
approved by the Central Government, eﬀective from July 1, 2015.
During the period under review and as per the explanations and representations made by the management 
and subject to clariﬁcations given to me, the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, 
Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, etc., mentioned above subject to the following observation
I further report that:
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
We have not examined compliance by the Company with applicable ﬁnancial laws, like direct and indirect tax 
laws, since the same have been subject to review by statutory ﬁnancial audit and other designated 
professionals.
 (iii) As informed by the Company, no industry speciﬁc Acts, Rules are applicable to the Company.
I further report that as represented by the Company and relied upon by me, there are reasonably adequate 
systems and processes commensurate with its size and operations, to monitor and ensure compliance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that 
took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act. 
Adequate notice was given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on 
agenda were sent at least seven days in advance. Decisions at the Board Meetings, as represented by the 
management were taken unanimously.
ESOP measure during the ﬁnancial year under review;
 (g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009- Not 
applicable as the Company has not delisted or propose to delist its equity shares from any stock 
exchange during the ﬁnancial year under review;
 (h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 - Not 
applicable as the Company has not brought back/ propose to buyback any of its securities during the 
ﬁnancial year under review;  
 (ii) The SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 entered into by the 
Company with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited;
During the year under review the Company has some unspent amount of CSR as per the provisions of 
Companies Act 2013, however he Board has informed that the CSR Comitteee of the Company has identiﬁed 
& approved projects for the balance amount which will be paid in due course, since few of the CSR activities 
projects approved during the year are of larger gestation period and is taking longer time for implementation. 
Such projects are still under progress at diﬀerent stages and will be completed in a year.
As informed, the Company has reasonably responded to notices for demands, claims, penalties etc. levied by 
===== PDF PAGE 62 =====
61
I further report that during the audit period, there are no speciﬁc events/actions having a major bearing on the 
Company's aﬀairs in pursuance of the laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc, referred to above.
Date: September 03, 2020
        Shruti H. Shah
        Practising Company Secretary
        FCS No: 8852
                                                                 C. P.No.: 8197
        UDIN: F008852B000659227
various statutory regulatory authorities and initiated actions for corrective measures, wherever necessary. 
There was no prosecution initiated and no ﬁnes paid (except for the additional fees paid by the Company for 
delay in ﬁling of the necessary e-Forms with the Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs, wherever required). 
This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral 
part of this report.
Place: Mumbai                                                                                                                   
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 63 =====
62
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, Irla Lane, 
Annexure A
To
The Board of Directors,
CIN: L72200MH1995PLC093130
Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited
Vile Parle (W), Mumbai-400056
1. Maintenance of secretarial Records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance 
about the contents of the Secretarial Records. The veriﬁcation was done on test basis to ensure that 
correct facts are reﬂected in the Secretarial Records. We believe that the processes and practices, we 
followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not veriﬁed the correctness and appropriateness of ﬁnancial records and Books of Accounts of 
the Company.
4. Whenever required, we have obtained Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules 
and regulations and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is 
the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to veriﬁcation of procedures on the test 
basis.
        C. P. No.: 8197
       UDIN: F008852B000659227
        FCS No: 8852
6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the 
eﬃcacy or eﬀectiveness with which the management has conducted the aﬀairs of the Company.
Place: Mumbai 
        Shruti H. Shah
Date: September 03, 2020
        Practising Company Secretary
===== PDF PAGE 64 =====
63
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at Arm's length basis.
 There were no contracts or arrangements or transactions entered in to during the year ended March 31, 
2020, which were not at arm's length basis.
       Shirish Anjaria     Parag Dalal 
       Managing Director         Din no.: 00409894
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014.
FORM NO. AOC -2
2. Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at Arm's length basis.
       Chairman cum        Executive Director
       Din no.: 00444104
       For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
 There were no material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm's length basis for the year 
ended March 31, 2020.
Annexure III to the Directors' Reports
Form for Disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties 
referred to in sub section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm's length 
transaction under third proviso thereto.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 65 =====
64
ANNEXURE IV to the Directors' Reports
PARTICULARS OF REMUNERATION
The information required under Section 197 of the Act and the Rules made there-under, in respect of 
employees of the Company, is follows:-
(a)  The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of 
the Company for the ﬁnancial year;
Executive Directors
(b)  The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Executive Oﬃcer, Chief 
Financial Oﬃcer, Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in the ﬁnancial year;
(d)  The number of permanent employees on the rolls of company: 1209
(c) The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the ﬁnancial year: 7%
 Note: Percentage in bracket represents negative percentage. 
(e)   The explanation on the relationship between average increase in remuneration and company 
performance;
 On an average, employees received an increase of 10%. The increase in remuneration is in line with 
the market trends. In order to ensure that remuneration reﬂects company performance, the 
performance pay is linked to organization performance.
(f)  Comparison of the remuneration of the Key Managerial Personnel against the performance of 
the Company:
(g)  variations in the market capitalisation of the Company, price earnings ratio as at the closing 
date of the current ﬁnancial year and previous ﬁnancial year and percentage increase over 
decrease in the market quotations of the shares of the Company in comparison to the rate at 
which the Company came out with the last public oﬀer in case of listed companies, and in case 
of unlisted companies, the variations in the net worth of the Company as at the close of the 
current ﬁnancial year and previous ﬁnancial year;
Ratio to Median Remuneration
 Parag Dalal 19.78
 Shirish Anjaria 21.98
 Dharmesh Anjaria 19.78
Name of Person  % Increase in remuneration
 Shirish Anjaria 42.86
 Parag Dalal 50.00
 Dharmesh Anjaria 50.00
Particulars (` in Lakhs)
Proﬁt before tax (PBT)  805.85
Remuneration (as % of PBT)  10.42%
Remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) during  84.00
ﬁnancial year 2019-20 (aggregated) 
Revenue from operations  33,018.39
Remuneration (as % of revenue)  0.25%
===== PDF PAGE 66 =====
65
(h)  Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the 
managerial personnel in the last ﬁnancial year and its comparison with the percentile increase 
in the managerial remuneration and justiﬁcation thereof and point out if there are any 
exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration
(i) Comparison of each remuneration of the Key Managerial Personnel against the performance of 
the Company
 The average increase in salaries of employees other than managerial personnel in 2018-19 was 17%. 
Percentage increase in the managerial remuneration for the year was 47.37%.
(l)  Aﬃrmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company
(j)  The key parameters for any variable component of remuneration availed by the directors;
 The Company's remuneration policy is driven by the success and performance of the individual 
employees and the Company. Through its compensation package, the Company endeavours to 
attract, retain, develop and motivate a high performance staﬀ. The Company follows a compensation 
mix of ﬁxed pay, beneﬁts and performance based variable pay. Individual performance pay is 
 No Variable Component in the Remuneration availed by Directors
 Not applicable.
(k)  The ratio of the remuneration of the highest paid director to that of the employees who are not 
directors but receive remuneration in excess of the highest paid director during the year;
As at 
Particulars 
As at 
Unit st
31  March, 2020 st
31  March, 2019 Variation %
Closing rate of share at BSE  ₹ 14.35 27.5 -48%
BSE        2.303 4.283 -46%
NSE        1371.38 2531.77 -46%
Market capitalization    ₹/Lakhs      
Closing rate of share at NSE  ₹ 14.95 27.6 -46%
BSE        1316.34 2522.60 -48%
Price Earnings Ratio   Ratio      
NSE      2.400 4.299 -44%
EPS (consolidated)   ₹ 6.23 6.42 -3%
Particulars Chief Executive
Oﬃcer
Chief Financial
Oﬃcer
Company
Secretary
Remuneration (as % of PBT)   3.72 3.35 0.17
Proﬁt before Tax (PBT)   805.85 805.85 805.85
      Rs. /Lac Rs./Lac Rs./Lac
Remuneration     30.00 27.00 1.41
Remuneration (as % of revenue)  0.09 0.08 0.00
Revenue from operations   33,018.39 33,018.39 33,018.39
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 67 =====
66
       Din no.: 00444104
determined by business performance and the performance of the individuals measured through the 
annual appraisal process. The Company aﬃrms remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the 
Company.
(i)  if employed throughout the ﬁnancial year, was in receipt of remuneration for that year which, in the 
aggregate, was not less than one crore two lakh rupees;- Not Applicable to the Company 
(ii)  if employed for a part of the ﬁnancial year, was in receipt of remuneration for any part of that year, at a 
rate which, in the aggregate, was not less than eight lakh ﬁfty thousand rupees per month;- Not 
Applicable to the Company 
(2) The statement to the board's report shall include a statement showing the name of every employee of 
the company-.
 who-
(iii)  if employed throughout the ﬁnancial year or part thereof, was in receipt of remuneration in that year 
which, in the aggregate, or as the case may be, at a rate which, in the aggregate, is in excess of that 
drawn by the managing director or whole-time director or manager and holds by himself or along with 
his spouse and dependent children, not less than two percent of the equity shares of the company.- Not 
Applicable to the Company.
       
       Shirish Anjaria              Parag Dalal 
       For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
       Chairman cum   Executive Director
       Managing Director           Din no.: 00409894
Place: Mumbai 
Date: September 03, 2020
===== PDF PAGE 68 =====
67
Annexure - V
Form AOC-1
(Pursuant to ﬁrst proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) 
Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the ﬁnancial statement of subsidiaries/associate 
companies/joint ventures
Part “A”: Subsidiaries
(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with amounts in USD):
Particulars 
       Shirish Anjaria              Parag Dalal 
Place: Mumbai 
       Din no.: 00444104
       Managing Director           Din no.: 00409894
       For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Date: September 03, 2020
       Chairman cum   Executive Director
       
Sr.
No.
 1 Name of the subsidiary Dynacons Systems &
   Solutions Pte. Ltd.
 2. Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if diﬀerent from Same As Holding 
  the holding company’s reporting period  Company
 3. Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the  USD
  relevant Financial year in the case of foreign subsidiaries
 4. Share capital 7678
 5. Reserves & surplus 97645
 6. Total assets 114466
 13. Proposed Dividend NIL
 10. Proﬁt before taxation 2179
 8. Investments 0
 7. Total Liabilities 9143
 9. Turnover 117031
14. % of shareholding of holding company 100%
 12. Proﬁt after taxation 5311
 11. Provision for taxation 3132
Details
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 69 =====
REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES FOR FINANCIAL YEAR 2019-20
Annexure - VI
1. A brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy, including overview of projects or programs proposed to be 
undertaken and a reference to the web-link to the CSR policy or projects or programs:
 The object of CSR Policy of the Company is to continue to contribute towards social welfare projects 
focusing on providing education, vocational training, promoting health care facilities to economically 
weaker and underprivileged section of the Society and to do such other activities as may be permissible 
under Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013(‘the Act’) and the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 (‘the Rules’).The Company’s CSR policy is available on website of the 
company www.dynacons.com.
2. The Composition of the CSR Committee:
 The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) committee consists of Executive and Non-Executive Director 
with the Chairman being an Independent Director. The committee is chaired by Mrs. Archana Phadke. 
The following are the members of the committee:-
5. Details of CSR spent during the ﬁnancial year 2019-20.
3. Average net proﬁt of the company for last three ﬁnancial years: Rs.3,64,00,000/-
4. Prescribed CSR Expenditure (two per cent of the amount as in item 3 above):Rs. 7,27,851/-
 (a) Total amount spent in the ﬁnancial year: Rs. 2,55,851/-
 (b) Amount unspent, if any:- Rs. 4,72,000/-
 (c) Manner in which the amount spent during the ﬁnancial year:-N.A.
6. In case the Company has failed to spend the two percent of the average net proﬁt of the last three ﬁnancial 
years or any part thereof, the Company shall provide the reasons for not spending the amount in its Board 
Report:
 During the year under review the Company has some unspent amount of CSR as per the provisions of 
Companies Act 2013, however he Board has informed that the CSR Comitteee of the Company has 
identiﬁed & approved projects for the balance amount which will be paid in due course, since few of the 
CSR activities projects approved during the year are of larger gestation period and is taking longer time for 
implementation. Such projects are still under progress at diﬀerent stages and will be completed in a year.
7. A responsibility statement of the CSR committee that the implementation and monitoring of CSR Policy, is 
in compliance with CSR objectives and Policy of the Company:
 The CSR Committee hereby conﬁrms that the implementation and monitoring of CSR Policy will be in 
compliance with CSR objectives and policy of the Company.
       Shirish Anjaria              Parag Dalal 
       For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
       
       Chairman cum   Executive Director
       Managing Director           Din no.: 00409894
       Din no.: 00444104
Date: September 03, 2020
Place: Mumbai 
Mr. Shirish Anjaria Chairman cum Managing Director
Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria Executive Director
Name of the Director Category
Mrs. Archana Phadke Non-Executive-Independent Director
Mr. Parag Dalal Executive Director
68
===== PDF PAGE 70 =====
69
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Directors present the Company’s Report on Corporate Governance for the year ended March 31, 2020.
1. COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF GOVERNANCE
 The Company’s philosophy on corporate governance oversees business strategies and ensures ﬁscal 
accountability, ethical corporate behaviour and fairness to all stakeholders comprising regulators, 
employees, customers, vendors, investors and the society at large. Our corporate governance is a 
reﬂection of our value system encompassing our culture, policies and relationships with our 
stakeholders. Integrity and transparency are key to our corporate governance practices to ensure that 
we gain and retain the trust of our stakeholders of all times. Eﬀective corporate governance practices 
constitute the strong foundation on which successful commercial enterprises are built to last. 
 Dynacons Governance structure broadly comprises the Board of Directors and the Committees of the 
Board at the apex level and the Management structure at the operational level. This layered structure 
brings about a harmonious blend in governance as the Board sets the overall corporate objectives and 
gives direction and freedom to the Management to achieve these corporate objectives within a given 
framework, thereby bringing about an enabling environment for value creation through sustainable 
proﬁtable growth.
 The Board of Directors of the Company consists of professionals from varied disciplines. The Company 
has an appropriate mix of executive and independent directors to maintain its independence and 
separate its functions of governance and management. The day-to-day management of the aﬀairs of 
the Company is entrusted with the senior management personnel, headed by the Board of Director, who 
functions under the overall supervision, direction and control of the Board of Directors (“The Board”) of 
the Company. Listing regulations mandate that for a Company with a non-executive Chairman, at least 
one-third of the Board should be independent directors.
 The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has notiﬁed Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) 
on September 2, 2015. The Company is in compliance with the requirements stipulated under 
regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of regulation 46 of 
SEBI Listing Regulations, as applicable, with regard to corporate governance.
 The maximum gap between any two meetings was not more than one hundred and twenty days. As 
mandated by proviso under Regulation 17A(1) of the Listing Regulations as of March 31, 2020, none of 
the Independent Directors of the Company served as an Independent Director in more than seven listed 
 Our corporate governance framework ensures that we make timely disclosures and share accurate 
information regarding our ﬁnancials and performance, as well as disclosures related to the leadership 
and governance of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited (‘the Company’). It ﬁrmly believes and has 
consistently endeavored to practice good Corporate Governance. The Company has a strong legacy of 
fair, transparent and ethical governance practices. The Company aims at maximizing the Shareholders’ 
value with improvement in performing of the Company and protecting the interests of all the 
stakeholders through increased transparency in its operations and compliance of statutory 
requirements.
2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 The consistent endeavor of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd is to enhance the reputation of the 
Company and irrespective of the goals to be achieved, the means are as important as the end. The 
Company adhere to ethical standards to ensure integrity, transparency, independence and 
accountability in dealing with all stakeholders and strive to conduct its business and strengthen its 
relationships in a manner that is digniﬁed, distinctive and responsible.
 Directors are provided with well structured and comprehensive agenda papers in advance. All material 
information is incorporated in the Agenda for facilitating meaningful and focused discussion in the 
meeting. Minutes of the Board Meetings/Committee Meetings are circulated to the Directors well in 
advance and conﬁrmed at the subsequent meetings.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 71 =====
70
 The Independent Directors have made disclosures conﬁrming that there are no material, ﬁnancial 
and/or commercial transactions between Independent Directors and the Company which could have 
potential conﬂict of interest with the Company at large. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI Listing 
Regulations, they have conﬁrmed that they are not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists 
or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties.
 The Board Meetings are held at the Registered Oﬃce of the Company.  
 BOARD MEETING AND PROCEDURES
 In some instances, documents are tabled at the meetings and the presentations are also made by the 
respective executives on the matters related to them at the Board or Committee Meetings. The 
information as mentioned in Part A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, has been placed before the 
Board for its consideration. The Directors are also provided the facility of video /tele conferencing to 
enable them to participate eﬀectively in the Meeting(s), as and when required.
 The Directors, Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria & Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria having father and son relationship are 
related to each other within the meaning of the term “relative” as per Section 2(77) of the Act and per 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. Other than these, none of 
the Directors are related.
 Independent Directors are non-executive directors as deﬁned under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations read with Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed thereunder. In terms of 
Regulation 25(8) of SEBI Listing Regulations, they have conﬁrmed that they are not aware of any 
circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their 
ability to discharge their duties. Based on the declarations received from the Independent Directors, the 
Board of Directors has conﬁrmed that they meet the criteria of independence as mentioned under 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and that they are independent of the management.
 ROLE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS
entities and as per Regulation 26 of Listing Regulations none of Directors is a member of more than ten 
Committees or acting as Chairperson of more than ﬁve Committees across all listed companies in which 
he/she is a Director. None of the Directors on the Board holds directorships in more than ten public 
companies. The necessary disclosures regarding Committee positions have been made by the 
Directors. None of the Directors are related to each other except Mr. Shirish Anjaria and Mr. Dharmesh 
Anjaria.
 Independent Directors are non-executive directors as deﬁned under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations read with Section 149(6) of the Act. The maximum tenure of independent directors 
is in compliance with the Act. All the Independent Directors have conﬁrmed that they meet the criteria as 
mentioned under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with Section 149(6) of the 
Act.
 During the year under review, Eleven Board Meetings were held on May 27, 2019, July 11, 2019, July 
26, 2019, August 14, 2019, August 31, 2019, November 14, 2019, November 28, 2019, December 09, 
2019, January 20, 2020, February 05, 2020 and February 13, 2020.
 The primary role of the Board is that of trusteeship to protect and enhance shareholder value through 
strategic direction of the Company. As trustees, the Board has ﬁduciary responsibility to ensure that the 
Company has clear goals aligned to shareholder value and its growth. The Board exercises its duties 
with care, skill and diligence and exercises independent judgment. It sets strategic goals and seeks 
accountability for their fulﬁllment. It also directs and exercises appropriate control to ensure that the 
Company is managed in a manner that fulﬁlls stakeholders’ aspirations and societal expectations.
 The detailed Agenda, setting out the business to be transacted at the Meeting(s), supported by notes is 
sent to each Director at least seven days before the date of the Board Meeting(s) and of the Committee 
Meeting(s).
 The Non-Executive Directors with their diverse knowledge, experience and expertise bring in their 
independent judgment in the deliberations and decisions of the Board.
===== PDF PAGE 72 =====
 The Company has an Executive Chairman and the number of Independent Directors is more than half of 
the total number of Directors. The Company, therefore, meets with the requirements of Regulation 17 
(1) (a) & (b) of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 with the stock 
exchanges.
 As required under Section 149(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, Mrs. Archana Phadke, a lady Director, 
has been appointed as an Independent Director on the Board.
 Particulars of Director seeking appointment/re-appointment at the Annual general meeting have been 
given in the annexure to the Notice. 
 The following table gives details of composition of the Board of Directors and the number of other Board 
of Directors of which they are a member/Chairman are as under:
 Note:  # Memberships/Chairmanships in Audit Committee and Shareholders’/Investors’ Grievance 
Committee of Indian public limited companies have been considered as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of 
SEBI. Other directorships exclude his/her Directorships in the Company, directorships of private limited 
companies, foreign companies and companies registered under Section 8 of the Act. 
 The Number of Directorships and the positions held on Board, Committees by the Directors are in 
conformity with the limits on the number of Directorships and Board committee positions as laid down in 
the Act and the Listing Regulations. During the year 2019-2020, information as mentioned in Schedule II 
Part A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, has been placed before the Board for its consideration.
Name of Director Category of
Directorship
Attendance
at last AGM
No. of 
Board
Meetings 
Attended
Memberships
in Audit /
Stakeholders
Relationship
Committee 
Chairmanships
in Audit / 
Stakeholders
Relationship
Committee
 Category of directorship
and Names of listed
entities where person
is a director
No. of other
Directorships
Mr. Shirish M.  Anjaria
Din.:00444104
Mr. Jitesh J. Jain
Din.:00445009
Mr. Dharmesh  S. Anjaria
Din.:02879480
Mr. Dilip P. Palicha
Din.:07138774
Mrs. Archana V. Phadke
Din.:00409894
Mr. Viren C. Shah
Din.:02886221
Mr. Parag J. Dalal
Din.:00282797
Chairman cum
Whole-time
Director
Managing
Executive & 
Executive & 
Director
& Independent
Director
Whole-time
Director
Non- Executive
Non- Executive
& Independent
Director
Non- Executive
& Independent
& Independent
Non- Executive
Director
Director
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
No
No
11
10
11
9
9
8
8
0
0
0
0
0
0
0 0
2
2
0
0
2
1
0
0
o
1
0
1
0
Nil
Nil
Nil
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director
Nil
Nil
1. Ducon 
Infratechnologies 
Limited
(Resigned w.e.f. 
13.08.2019)
Nil
71
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 73 =====
72
  Shirish Anjaria • Leadership / Operational experience
   • Global Business
 Core Skills / Expertise / Competencies Available with the Board:
   • Global Business
   • Corporate Governance
   • Strategic Planning
   • Industry Experience 
   • Financial, Regulatory / Legal & Risk Management
 Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Part (C) (2)(h) of Listing Regulations, the Board has 
identiﬁed the following skills/expertise/ competencies fundamental for the eﬀective functioning of the 
Company which are currently available with the Board:
  Name of the Director Area of Expertise
   • Corporate Governance
  Parag Dalal • Leadership / Operational experience
 The Board comprises of highly qualiﬁed members who possess required skills, expertise and 
competence that allow them to make eﬀective contributions to the Board and its Committees.
   • Strategic Planning
   • Strategic Planning
   • Industry Experience, Research & Development and Innovation
   • Risk Management
  Dharmesh Anjaria • Leadership / Operational experience
   • Global Business
  Dilip Palicha • Leadership experience
   • Strategic Planning
   • Financial, Regulatory / Legal & Risk Management
   • Corporate Governance
   • Corporate Governance
  Viren Shah • Leadership / Operational experience
   • Strategic Planning
   • Industry Experience, Research & Development and Innovation
   • Corporate Governance
   • Industry Experience
   • Industry Experience, Research & Development and Innovation
   • Financial, Regulatory / Legal & Risk Management
 The Audit Committee of the Company is constituted in line with the provisions of Section 177 of the 
Companies Act 2013 (‘the Act’) and Regulation 18 read with Part C of the Schedule II of the Listing 
   • Financial, Regulatory / Legal & Risk Management
3. AUDIT COMMITTEE
   • Corporate Governance
   • Industry Experience, 
   • Corporate Governance
   • Strategic Planning
  Jitesh Jain • Leadership experience
  Archana Phadke • Leadership / Operational experience
 Pursuant to Clause C(2)(i) of Schedule V read with Regulation 34(3) of Listing Regulations, in the 
opinion of the Board, all the independent directors fulﬁll the conditions as speciﬁed in the Listing 
Regulations and are independent of the management.
   • Financial, Regulatory / Legal & Risk Management
   • Industry Experience
===== PDF PAGE 74 =====
73
Regulations. All the members of the Committee have wide experience in ﬁelds of Banking & Finance, 
Accounts, Regulatory and Financial service industry.
 • To review the functioning of the Whistle Blower Mechanism.
 The terms of reference of the Audit Committee includes -
 The members of the Audit Committee and their attendance at committee meetings are as under:
 • Recommending the appointment, re-appointment and removal of statutory auditor, ﬁxation of audit 
fees and also approval of payment of any other services.
 • Reviewing with management the quarterly / annual ﬁnancial statements before submission to the 
Board focussing primarily on the following:
 • To ensure proper disclosure in the Quarterly, Half yearly and Annual Financial Statements.
  o Compliance with accounting standards.
 The Committee is presently chaired by Mr. Jitesh Jain, Chartered Accountant. The Audit Committee met 
Eleven times during the ﬁnancial year 2019-2020 on May 27, 2019, July 11, 2019, July 26, 2019, August 
14, 2019, August 31, 2019, November 14, 2019, November 28, 2019, December 09, 2019, January 
20,2020, February 05, 2020 and February 13, 2020. The maximum gap between any two meetings was 
not more than one hundred and twenty days. The necessary quorum was present for all the meetings. 
 • Oversight of the Company’s ﬁnancial reporting process and the disclosure of its ﬁnancial information 
to ensure that the ﬁnancial statement is correct, suﬃcient and credible.
  o Major accounting entries based on exercise of judgment by management
 • Reviewing with the management, statutory and internal auditors, the adequacy of internal control 
systems and reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, including the structure of the internal 
  o Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to ﬁnancial statements.
 The Company has an Internal Audit Department, who is responsible for conducting independent 
Internal Audit. The Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee of the Board.
 The Audit Committee acts as a link between the statutory and internal auditors and the Board of 
Directors. Its purpose is to assist the Board in fulﬁlling its oversight responsibilities of monitoring 
ﬁnancial reporting processes, reviewing the Company’s established systems and processes for internal 
ﬁnancial controls, governance and reviewing the Company’s statutory and internal audit activities.
  o Matters required to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement.
 • Any related party transaction, i.e., transaction of the management, their subsidiaries or relatives, 
etc., that may have potential conﬂict with the interest of Company at large. Approval or any 
subsequent modiﬁcation of transactions of the Company with related parties and granting omnibus 
approval to related party transactions which are in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s 
length basis and to review and approve such transactions.
  o Signiﬁcant adjustment arising out of audit.
  o Any change in accounting policies and practices.
  o Qualiﬁcation in draft audit report.
Mr. Viren Shah   Non-Executive & Independent Director 9
Mr. Dilip Palicha   Non-Executive & Independent Director 9
Name of the Director  Category No. of Meetings attended     
Mr. Jitesh Jain   Non-Executive & Independent Director 8
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 75 =====
74
 • Evaluation of internal ﬁnancial controls and risk management systems.
audit department, staﬃng and seniority of the oﬃcial heading the department, reporting structure 
coverage and frequency of internal audit.
 • Discussion with internal auditors any signiﬁcant ﬁndings and follow up thereon.
 • Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, nature and scope of audit as well as 
have post audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern.
 • Reviewing the Company’s ﬁnancial and risk management policies.
 • Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments.
 Committees and individual Directors.
 • Oversee familiarization programs for Directors.
 The Nomination and Remuneration committee consists of Non-Executive Directors with the Chairman 
being an Independent Director. The members of Committee were Mr. Dilip Palicha, Mr. Viren Shah, Mr. 
Jitesh Jain. The Committee is chaired by Mr. Jitesh Jain. The Nomination and Remuneration committee 
met once during the year. Company Secretary of the Company acted as the Secretary to the 
Committee. 
 • Reviewing the ﬁnding of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there 
is suspected fraud or irregularity of a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and 
reporting the matter to the Board.
 • Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary. 
 The nomination and remuneration committee of the Company is constituted in line with the provisions of 
Regulation 19 with Part D of the Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations, read with Section 178 of the 
Act.
 • To review the performance of the Chairman and Managing Director and the Whole-time Directors 
after considering the company’s performance.
 • To approve the annual Remuneration of the Directors and Employees of the Company.
 • Recommend to the Board the appointment/re-appointment of Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel.
 • Recommend to the Board the Remuneration Policy for Directors, executive team or Key Managerial 
Personnel as well as the rest of employees.
 Remuneration Policy
 Remuneration policy of the Company is designed to create a high-performance culture. It enables the 
Company to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve results. The Remuneration policy of your 
Company is a comprehensive policy which is competitive, in consonance with the industry practices 
 • To review overall compensation policy, service agreements, performance incentive and other 
employment conditions of Executive Director(s).
4. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
 • Review and monitor the Auditor’s independence, performance and eﬀectiveness of audit process.
 The terms of reference of the NRC, is uploaded on the Company’s web site at 
http://dynacons.com/Nomination%20&%20Remuneration%20Policy.pdf 
 • Support the Board and Independent Directors in evaluation of the performance of the Board, its
 Brief description of terms of reference
 • Approval of appointment of CFO (i.e., the Whole Time Finance Director or any other person heading 
the ﬁnance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualiﬁcations, experience & 
background etc. of the candidate.
===== PDF PAGE 76 =====
75
and rewards good performance of the employees of the Company. The policy ensures equality, fairness 
and consistency in rewarding the employees on the basis of performance against set objectives. 
Remuneration of employees largely consists of basic remuneration and performance incentives. The 
Company while deciding the remuneration package takes into consideration the employment scenario, 
remuneration package of the industry and the remuneration package of other Industries.  
 The Remuneration of the Executive Directors is decided by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee based on criteria such as industry benchmarks, the company’s performance vis-à-vis the 
industry performance, track record of the Executive Directors.
 The members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and their attendance at committee 
meetings are as under:
 The stakeholders’ relationship committee is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 20 of 
SEBI Listing Regulations read with Section 178 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013.
 The Committee is responsible for assisting the Board of Directors in the Board’s overall responsibilities 
relating to attending and redressal of the grievances of the security holders of the Company.
 Functions
 The Company has not issued any Stock options to the Directors. Except Ms. Archana Phadke, other 
Independent Directors of the Company have disclosed that they do not hold any Equity Shares of the 
Company. There has been no pecuniary relationship or transactions of the Non-Executive Directors 
vis-à-vis the Company during the year under review.
 Terms of reference
5. STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP & GRIEVANCE COMMITTEE 
 The Shareholders Committee is chaired by Mr. Dilip Palicha. Mr. Ravishankar Singh, Company Secre-
tary of the Company is the Compliance Oﬃcer of the Company. The composition of the commi-
ttee and details of the meetings attended by the Directors are given below:
 The committee meets at frequent intervals, to approve inter-alia, transfer/ transmission of Equity 
shares, non-receipt of annual Report, attending to complaints of investors routed by SEBI/Stock 
Mr. Viren Shah   Non-Executive & Independent Director 2
Mr. Jitesh Jain   Non-Executive & Independent Director 2
Name of the Director  Category No. of Meetings attended     
Mr. Dilip Palicha   Non-Executive & Independent Director 2
Mrs. Archana Phadke  Non-Executive & Independent Director 2
Details of Remuneration to the Executive Directors for the year ended March 31, 2020 
Mr. Shirish Anjaria, Chairman & Managing Director 30,00,000
Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria, Whole time Director 27,00,000
Name of the Director Salary
Mr. Parag Dalal, Whole time Director 27,00,000
Mr. Viren Shah Non-Executive & Independent Director 1
Name of the Director Category No. of Meetings attended     
Mr. Jitesh Jain Non-Executive & Independent Director 1
Mr. Dilip Palicha Non-Executive & Independent Director 1
===== PDF PAGE 77 =====
76
 1. Formulating and recommending to the Board of Directors the CSR Policy and monitoring the same 
from time to time.
 6. To list the securities of the Company on Stock Exchanges.
 Terms of reference
 3. CSR Committee will monitor the spend on CSR activities by the Company as well as ensure that the 
Company spends atleast the minimum sum as may be prescribed from time to time pursuant to the 
Act and Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 or such higher sum as may 
be decided by the Board of Directors of the Company.
 4. Any other matter as may be necessary for implementation of CSR Policy.
 9. Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed entity for reducing the quantum of 
unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants / annual reports / statutory 
notices by the shareholder of the Company.
 8. Review activities with regard to the Health Safety and Sustainability initiatives of the Company.
 During the year under review, Nil complaints were received from shareholders/investors as on 
31.03.2020, The numbers of pending share transfers as on March 31, 2020 were Nil.
 The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) committee consists of Executive and Non-Executive 
Director with the Chairman being an Independent Director. The members of Committee are Mrs. 
Archana Phadke, Mr. Shirish Anjaria, Mr. Parag Dalal, Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria. The committee is chaired 
by Mrs. Archana Phadke. The committee met twice during the year. 
Exchanges and reviews the status of investors’ grievances and redressed mechanism and recommend 
measures to improve the level of investor services. Details of share transfer / transmission approved by 
the committee are placed at the Board meetings from time to time. Company Secretary of the Company 
acted as the Secretary to the Stakeholders Relationship Grievance Committee.
 5. To monitor transfer of the amounts/shares transferable to Investor Education and Protection Fund.
 The Committee in particular looks into:
 1. To oversee and review redressal of shareholder and investor grievances, on matters relating to 
issue, transfer, transmission of securities, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of divi-
dends/interests.
 7. Any other matters that can facilitate better investor services and relations.
 4. Taking decision on waiver of requirement of obtaining the Succession Certiﬁcate/Probate of Will on 
case to case basis within the parameters set out by the Board of Directors.
 The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee has been constituted in line with the provisions 
of Section 135 of the Act and the rules made thereunder. 
6. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
 3. Attending to complaints of security holders routed by SEBI (SCORES)/Stock Exchanges/RBI or any 
other Regulatory Authorities.
 The terms of reference of the CSR Committee broadly comprises of:
 2. To issue duplicate share/debenture certiﬁcate(s) reported lost, defaced or destroyed as per the laid 
down procedure and to resolve the grievances of security holders of the Company, if any.
 2. The Committee will review and evaluate the sustainability agenda, suggest modiﬁcations, discuss 
and  recommend action plan to take the CSR activities forward.
===== PDF PAGE 78 =====
77
 • Evaluation of performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board of Directors as a whole;
  Mr. Shirish Anjaria Chairman cum Managing Director 2
7. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
 • Deﬁning framework for identiﬁcation, assessment, monitoring, mitigation and reporting of risks.
  Name of the Director Category No. of Meetings attended
 Within its overall scope as aforesaid, the Committee shall review risks trends, exposure, potential 
impact analysis and mitigation plan.
 During the year under review, as required under Schedule IV to the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
provisions of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, the Independent Directors met on March 10, 2020, 
without the presence of Executive Directors or members of management, inter alia, to discuss:
 The Risk Management committee consists of Non-Executive Directors with the Chairman being an 
Independent Director. The members of Committee were Mr. Dilip Palicha, Mr. Viren Shah, and Mr. 
Jitesh Jain. The Committee is chaired by Mr. Viren Shah. 
 • Reviewing risks and evaluate treatment including initiating mitigation actions and ownership as per 
a pre-deﬁned cycle;
 • Approval of Risk Management Plan, implementing and monitoring the Risk Management Plan.
 • Such other matters as may be delegated by Board from time to time.
  Mrs. Archana Phadke Non-Executive & Independent Director 2
 The members of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and their attendance at committee 
meetings are as under:
  Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria Executive Director 2
 The risk management committee of the Company is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 
21 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015. Business Risk Evaluation and Management is an ongoing 
process within the Organization. The Company has a robust risk management framework to identify, 
monitor and minimize risks as also identify business opportunities.
 The objectives and scope of the Risk Management Committee broadly comprises:
 • Overview of risk management process performed by the executive management;
  Mr. Parag Dalal Executive Director 2
8. INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS’ MEETING 
 • Evaluation of performance of the Chairman of the Company, taking into account the views of the 
Executive and Non-Executive Directors
9. FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAMME OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
 Independent Directors are appointed as per policy of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited, with 
management expertise and wide range of experience. The Independent directors of the Company are 
eminent personalities having wide experience in the ﬁeld of ﬁnance, industry, commerce and 
administration business, education. 
 • Evaluation of the quality, content and timelines of ﬂow of information between the Management and 
the Board that is necessary for the Board to eﬀectively and reasonably perform its duties.
 The Directors appointed by the Board are given induction and orientation with respect to the Com-
pany’s vision, strategic direction, core values, including ethics, corporate governance practices, 
ﬁnancial matters and business operations by having one-to-one meetings. In addition, the Company 
also updates on continuous basis to the Independent Directors about the ongoing events and develop-
ments relating to the Company, signiﬁcant changes in regulatory environment through the 
Board/Committee meetings.  The new Board members are also requested to access the necessary 
documents / brochures, Annual Reports and internal policies available at our website 
www.dynacons.com to enable them to familiarize with the Company’s procedures and practices.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 79 =====
78
 Sitting fees
 Updates on relevant statutory changes encompassing important laws are regularly intimated to the 
Independent Directors. Their presence on the Board has been advantageous and fruitful in taking 
Business decisions.
10. POLICY FOR REMUNERATION OF NON – EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
 The Non-Executive Directors shall be entitled to receive remuneration by way of sitting fees, reimburse-
ment of expenses for participation in the Board / Committee meetings and commission as detailed 
hereunder:
 • The remuneration of the Non- Executive / Independent Directors (excluding remuneration for 
attending meetings as prescribed under Section 197 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013) shall be 
subject to ceiling/ limits as provided under Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under or any 
other enactment for the time being in force. The amount of such remuneration shall be such as may 
be recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board of 
Directors or shareholders, as the case may be.
 • A Non-Executive Director shall be entitled to receive sitting fees for each meeting of the Board or 
Committee of the Board attended by him, of such sum as may be approved by the Board of Directors 
within the overall limits prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and The Companies (Appoint-
ment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014; 
 •  Any remuneration paid to Non- Executive / Independent Directors for services rendered which are of 
professional in nature shall not be considered as part of the remuneration if the following conditions 
are satisﬁed: 
 i) The Services are rendered by such Director in his capacity as the professional; and 
 ii) In the opinion of the Committee, the director possesses the requisite qualiﬁcation for the practice of 
that profession.
 Pursuant to Regulation 25(7) of the Listing Regulations, the Company has put in place a system to 
familiarize its Independent Directors about the Company, its ﬁnancial products, the industry and 
business model of the Company and its subsidiary. Pursuant to Regulation 46 of Listing Regulations the 
details of Familiarization Programme is uploaded on the Company’s website at the web link: 
http://www.dynacons.com/familiarisation-programme.htm
 • An Independent Director shall not be eligible to get Stock Options and also shall not be eligible to 
participate in any share based payment schemes of the Company.
 For the year 2019-2020, the Company paid sitting fees of Rs. 80,000/- to its Non-Executive Directors for 
attending meetings of the Board and Meeting of Committees of the Board. The Company also reim-
burses the out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Directors for attending the Meetings.
 The details of sitting fees paid to the Directors for the year 2019-2020 are as under:
11. PERFORMANCE EVALUATION
 Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board has carried out the annual performance evaluation of its 
own performance, the Directors individually as well as the evaluation of the working of its Audit, Nomina-
tion and Remuneration Committees, after taking into consideration various things like inputs received 
from the Directors, functions of Board’s such as adequacy of the composition of the Board and its 
Committees, Board culture, execution and performance of speciﬁc duties, obligations and governance.
 2 Mr. Dilip Palicha 20000 0 0  20000
 3 Mr. Viren Shah 20000 0 0  20000
 4 Mrs. Archana Phadke 20000 0 0  20000
 1 Mr. Jitesh Jain 20000 0 0  20000
Name of the DirectorSr.
No.
Sitting Fees for 
attending Meeting (Rs.)
Salary &
Perquisites (Rs.)
Commission
(Rs.)
Total
(Rs.) 
===== PDF PAGE 80 =====
79
 Criteria for performance evaluation of Independent Directors includes:
 1. Attendance and Participation
 2. Maintaining conﬁdentiality
 3. Acting in good faith and in the interest of the company as a whole
 The quarterly compliance report has been submitted to the Stock Exchanges where the Companies 
equity shares are listed in the requisite format duly signed by the Compliance Oﬃcer.
 6. Openness to ideas, perspectives and opinions and ability to challenge old practices and throwing up 
new ideas for discussion
13. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
 The performance evaluation of the Independent Directors was carried out by the entire Board. The 
performance evaluation of the Chairman and the Non Independent Directors were carried out by the 
Independent Directors who also reviewed the performance of the Secretarial Department. The Direc-
tors expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation process.
 5. Complying with legislations and regulations in letter and sprit
 4. Exercising duties with due diligence and reasonable care
 I. The last three Annual General Meetings and Extra-ordinary General Meetings of the Company 
were held as under:-
 7. Capacity to eﬀectively examine ﬁnancial and other information on operations of the company and the 
ability to make positive contribution thereon.
12. REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Financial
Year Date Time Venue No. of Special
Resolutions Passed 
Details of special
resolution proposed
to be conducted 
through postal ballot
2018
2017
2019 September 
30, 2019
September 
29,2018
September 
29, 2017
2.30 
P.M.
4.30 
P.M.
2.30 
P.M.
Karl Residency, 36, 
Lallubhai Park Road, 
Andheri (W), Mumbai -
400058
Karl Residency, 36, 
Lallubhai Park Road, 
Andheri (W), Mumbai -
400058
Karl Residency, 36, 
Lallubhai Park Road, 
Andheri (W), Mumbai -
400058
3.  Re-appointment of Mr. 
Dharmesh Anjaria (Din no.: 
00445009) as Whole time 
Director
Number of Special 
Resolutions passed: 3
1. Re-appointment of Mr. 
Shirish Anjaria (Din 
no.:00444104) as 
Chairman cum Managing 
Director 
Nil 
Number of Special 
Resolutions passed: 1 
Details of Special 
Resolution are as follows: 
2.  Re-appointment of Mr. 
Parag Dalal (Din no.: 
00409894) as Whole time 
Director and CFO
1. Borrowing Powers
Details of Special 
Resolution are as follows: 
None of the businesses 
proposed to be transacted 
at the ensuing AGM 
requires passing of a 
special resolution through 
postal ballot
None of the businesses 
proposed to be transacted 
at the ensuing AGM 
requires passing of a 
special resolution through 
postal ballot
None of the businesses 
proposed to be transacted 
at the ensuing AGM 
requires passing of a 
special resolution through 
postal ballot
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 81 =====
80
  There are no material related party transactions during the year that have conﬂict with the interest of 
the Company. Transactions entered into with related parties during the ﬁnancial year were in the 
ordinary course of business and at arm’s length basis and were approved by the Audit Committee. 
The Board’s approved policy for related party transactions is uploaded on the website of the Com-
pany at http://dynacons.com/policy-on-related-party-transactions.htm
 3. Issue of upto 27,95,000 Warrants Convertible into Equity Shares of the Company on preferential 
basis to promoter/promoter group and others.
 • EGM: March 29, 2017 at 04.00 P.M. at Karl Residency, 36, Lallubhai Park Road, Andheri (W), 
Mumbai -400058.
15. SHARE CAPITAL AUDIT
 a) Related party Transactions:
 1. Alteration in the Articles of Association of the Company
 In staying true to our values of Strength, Performance and Passion and in line with our vision of being 
one of the most respected companies in India, the Company is committed to the high standards of 
Corporate Governance and stakeholder responsibility.
 The Board of Directors has laid down Code of conduct for all Board Members and Senior Management 
of the Company. The copies of Code of Conduct as applicable to the Executive Directors (including 
Senior Management of the Company) and Non Executive Directors are uploaded on the website of the 
Company – www.dynacons.com. The Annual Report of the Company contains a certiﬁcate by the Chief 
Executive Oﬃcer and Managing Director, on the compliance declarations received from the members 
of the Board and Senior Management.
 Details of Special Resolution are as follows: 
 2. Issue of upto 4,55,000 Equity shares on a preferential issue basis to the promoter/ promoter group.
16. VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
 Pursuant to Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and under Regulation 22 of SEBI (Listing Obliga-
tions and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company has adopted Vigil Mechanism 
(Whistle Blower Policy) for the directors and employees of the Company to deal with instances of fraud 
and mismanagement, unethical behaviour, violation of code of conduct and personnel policies of the 
Company if any and to ensures that strict conﬁdentiality is maintained while dealing with concerns and 
also that no discrimination will be meted out to any person for a genuinely raised concern.
14. CODE OF CONDUCT
 The Share Capital Audit as required under Regulation 76 of SEBI (Depositories and Participants) 
Regulations, 2018 read with SEBI Circular No. D&CC/FITTC/Cir-16/2002 dated December 31, 2002, a 
Qualiﬁed Practicing Company Secretary carries out Capital Audit to reconcile the total admitted equity 
capital with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and the Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (CDSL) and the total issued and listed equity capital. This audit is carried out every quarter and 
the report thereon is submitted to the Stock Exchanges and to the Board of Directors.
 The mechanism provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of Directors and employees to 
avail of the mechanism and also provide for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee in 
exceptional cases. This neither releases employees from their duty of conﬁdentiality in the course of 
their work nor can it be used as a route for raising malicious or unfounded allegations about a personal 
situation.
17. DISCLOSURES
 Number of Special Resolutions passed: 3
===== PDF PAGE 82 =====
81
  Except Shirish Anjaria and Dharmesh Anjaria having father son relationship, None of the Directors 
has any pecuniary relationships or transactions vis-à-vis the Company save and except the pay-
ment of sitting fees and commission to Independent Directors. The details of the transactions with 
Related Party are provided in the notes to the Financial Statements.
 b) Disclosure of Accounting Treatment:
 e) A qualiﬁed Practicing Company Secretary carried out a Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit, as per 
Regulation 76 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) 
Regulations, 2018 and SEBI Circular No D & CC / FITTC/ Cir- 16/2002 dated December 31, 2002, 
the  total  admitted  capital  with  National  Securities Depository  Limited NSDL)  and  Central  
Depository  Services (India) Ltd (CDSL) and  the  total issued and  listed capital. The audit report 
conﬁrms that the total issued / paid-up capital is in agreement with the total number of shares in 
physical form and the total number of dematerialized shares held with NSDL and CDSL.
 g) The Company has adopted Code of Conduct (‘Code’) for the Members of the Board and Senior 
Management Personnel as required under Regulation 17(5) of the Listing Regulations. All the Board 
Members and the Senior Management Personnel have aﬃrmed compliance of the Code. The 
Annual Report of the Company contains a declaration to this eﬀect signed by the Managing Director 
& CFO. Further, the Code of Conduct of the Company applicable to the Board and Senior Manage-
ment Personnel is also uploaded on the Company’s website at the web link 
http://dynacons.com/code_of_conduct.htm
 d) Details  of  non-compliance  by  the  Company,  penalties,  restrictions   imposed  on               the 
Company by  Stock   Exchange  or  SEBI or any  statutory authority on  any matter related to capital 
markets, during the last three years:  
  The ﬁnancial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles in India (Indian GAAP) to comply with the Accounting Standards 
notiﬁed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013. The   ﬁnancial statements have been 
prepared on accrual basis under the historic cost convention. The accounting policies adopted in the 
preparation of the ﬁnancial statements are consistent with those followed in the previous year. 
Disclosures on transactions with related parties, as required under the Indian Accounting Standard 
24, have been incorporated in the Notes to the Accounts. The statement of RPTs is placed before the 
Audit Committee and the Board on quarterly basis and Omnibus approval was obtained for the 
transactions of repetitive nature, as and when required.
 c) Management Discussion and Analysis Report:
  The Management Discussion and Analysis Report have been provided in the Directors’ Report to 
the Shareholders.
  The Company had received a show cause in the matter of Dynacons Technologies Limited, issued 
by SEBI dated 15th March, 2017 for non-compliance of the provisions of Regulations 30(1) and 
30(2) read with Regulation 30(3) of SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of shares and Takeovers) Regula-
tions, 2011 for the year ended on March 31, 2013 and March 31, 2014.The Company had made an 
adequate reply to SEBI and settlement order for the same was received on February 01, 2019 and 
the matter stands closed.
 f) The Company has adopted the Whistle Blower Policy and has established the necessary mecha-
nism in line with the Stock Exchanges, for employees to report concerns about unethical behavior. 
No person has been denied access to the Audit Committee. The Vigil Mechanism as per Regulation 
22 of Listing Regulations ensures standards of professionalism, honesty, integrity and ethical 
behaviour. 
 h) Terms of Appointment of Independent Directors
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 83 =====
82
  (iii) The Company does not deal in commodities and hence the disclosure pursuant to SEBI Circular 
dated November 15, 2018 is not required to be given.
  1. The Company has complied with all the applicable mandatory requirements of the Listing 
Regulations.
  As required by Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, the Auditors’ certiﬁcate on corporate gover-
nance is enclosed as an Annexure to the Board’s Report.
 i) Shareholders
 j) Auditors’ certiﬁcate on corporate governance
  Terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors are available on the Company’s 
website at the web link http://dynacons.com/independent-directors-T&C.htm
  (i) Mr. Shirish Anjaria, is retiring by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting and being 
eligible, oﬀers himself for re-appointment.
  (ii) The Company does not have any material listed/ unlisted subsidiary companies as deﬁned in 
Regulation 24 (1) of Listing Regulations. However, the Company has framed the Policy on 
Material Subsidiaries and the same is uploaded on the Company’s website at the web link: 
http://www.dynacons.com/policy-on-material-subsidiaries.htm 
 k) The Board of Directors has approved a policy for determining materiality of events and making 
disclosures to Stock Exchanges. 
 l) Details of compliance with Mandatory requirements and adoption of non-mandatory requirements:
 m) The Company has not raised funds through preferential issue or qualiﬁed institutions placement 
under Regulation 32(7A) of the Listing Regulations. 
 n) No equity shares were suspended from trading during the Financial Year 2019-20.
 o) The Company has not issued any outstanding Global Depository Receipts or American Depository 
Receipts or Warrants or any convertible instruments during the Financial Year 2019-2020.
 p) None of the Directors of the Company have been debarred or disqualiﬁed from being appointed or 
continuing as directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India or the Ministry 
of Corporate Aﬀairs or any such statutory authority. A Certiﬁcate to this eﬀect, duly signed by the 
Practicing Company Secretary is annexed to this Report.
 s) The disclosure in relation to Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013 forms part of the Directors’ Report.
 r) The details of total fees for all services paid by the Company to M/s. M S P & Co. (Firm Registration 
No. 107565W) Statutory Auditor and all entities in the network ﬁrm/ network entity of which the 
Statutory Auditors are part, are as follows:
 q) In the ﬁnancial year 2019-2020 the board has accepted all recommendations of its Committees.
  2. The Company has not adopted the non-mandatory requirement as speciﬁed in the Listing 
Regulations.
 2 Tax Audit Fees     -
  Total     8,55,000
 3 Others      -
 Sr. No.  Particulars  Amount
 1 Statutory Audit Fees   8,55,000
===== PDF PAGE 84 =====
83
 t) As per Regulation 24 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure) Regulations, 2015, the audit 
committee reviews the consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the Company and the investments made 
by its unlisted subsidiary companies. The minutes of the Board meetings of the unlisted subsidiary 
companies are periodically placed before the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company 
does not have any material unlisted subsidiary company. The Company has a policy for determining 
‘material subsidiaries’ which is disclosed on its website.
 v) The Company has adopted Policy on Determination of Materiality under Regulation 30 of SEBI 
Listing Regulations, which is disclosed on the Company’s website.
 w) Discretionary Requirements
  1. The auditors’ report on ﬁnancial statements of the Company are unqualiﬁed.
 x) Subsidiary Companies
  The Company does not have any material listed/ unlisted subsidiary companies as deﬁned in 
Regulation 24 (1) of Listing Regulations. However, the Company has framed the Policy on Material 
Subsidiaries and the same is uploaded on the Company’s website at the web link: 
http://www.dynacons.com/policy-on-material-subsidiaries.htm 
  The audit committee reviews the consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the Company and the 
investments, if any, made by its unlisted subsidiary companies. The minutes of the Board meetings 
along with a report on signiﬁcant developments of the unlisted subsidiary companies are periodically 
placed before the Board of Directors of the Company.
  The Company does not have any material unlisted subsidiary company.
 u) The Company has complied with all the requirement of Corporate Governance report as contained 
in Clause C(2) to (10) of Schedule V read with Regulation 34(3) of Listing Regulations.
 Vide notiﬁcation No.EBI/LAD-NRO/GN/2018/59 Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has 
notiﬁed SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) (Amendment) Regulations, 2018 with eﬀect from April 01, 
2019. The Company has accordingly amended its Prohibition of Insider Trading Code and Code of 
Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information. The Com-
pany in its Board meeting held on March 20, 2019 has taken necessary initiative to implement the same. 
The Code also provides for pre-clearance of transactions by designated persons, whenever required.
 The quarterly compliance report has been submitted to the Stock Exchanges where the Company’s 
equity shares are listed in the requisite format duly signed by the Compliance Oﬃcer. Pursuant to 
 z) The Company had declared Interim dividend of Rs. 0.50 per equity share of the face value of Rs. 10/-
each for the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2020, on August 14, 2019, and paid to all shareholders 
eligible as on record date August 22, 2019.Thus the interim dividend paid is considered as ﬁnal 
dividend for the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2020.The Company has adopted Dividend Distribu-
tion Policy as per Regulation 43A of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, which is disclosed on Com-
pany’s website at http://dynacons.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Dividend-Distribution-Policy-
DSSL-Final.pdf.
 In terms of Listing Regulations, the certiﬁcation by the Managing Director and the Chief Financial Oﬃcer 
is annexed to this Annual Report.
18. POLICY FOR PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING
20. COMPLIANCE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
19. CEO & CFO Certiﬁcation
 y) The Company has adopted policy on Archival and Preservation and Documents which is disclosed 
on Company’s website.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 85 =====
84
 The Company discloses to the Stock Exchanges, all information required to be disclosed under Regula-
tion 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations including material information having a 
bearing on the performance / operations of the Company or other price sensitive information.
 -Venue The Company is conducting meeting through VC / OAVM pursuant to the MCA 
Circular dated May 5, 2020 and as such there is no requirement to have a 
venue for the AGM. For details please refer to the Notice of this AGM.
Regulations 17 to 27 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the 
Auditor’s Certiﬁcate in compliance on conditions of Corporate Governance is published in the Annual 
Report.
 Our Company does online ﬁling with National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited 
(BSE) through web based application: NEAPS (NSE Electronic Application Processing System) and 
BSE Listing Centre.
22.1 Annual General Meeting:-
22.2 Financial Calendar: - April’19 – March’20
22.3 Book Closure Date As mentioned in the Notice of this AGM
22. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
22.4 Dividend Payment Date The Company had declared Interim dividend of Rs. 0.50 per equity share of the 
face value of Rs. 10/-each for the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2020, on 
August 14, 2019, and paid to all shareholders eligible as on record date August 
22, 2019. Thus the interim dividend paid is considered as ﬁnal dividend for the 
ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2020
22.5 (a) Listing of Equity Shares on Stock Exchanges at:
 The Board recognizes the importance of two-way communication with shareholders and giving a 
balanced report of results and progress and responding to questions and issues raised in a timely and 
consistent manner. The quarterly, half-yearly and yearly ﬁnancial results of the Company are sent to the 
Stock Exchanges immediately after they are approved by the Board. These are widely published in 
Leading newspapers, which includes Financial Express in English language and in local language 
newspapers, which includes Mumbai Lakshadweep in Marathi language. After adoptions by the Board 
of Directors in their Board Meetings the ﬁnancial results and oﬃcial news releases are posted on the 
Company’s website: www.dynacons.com.The Management Discussion and Analysis Report is a part of 
the Annual Report for the year.The annual report has been sent in electronic form to shareholders, who 
have provided their email id. Physical copies of the annual report have been provided to such share-
holders based on a request received from them for this purpose.
 Name and address of stock exchange: Code Nos.
 The BSE Ltd., Mumbai 532365 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001
21. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
 The annual report has been sent in electronic form to shareholders, who have registered their email ids. 
In view of the prevailing COVID-19 situation and consequent lockdown across the country, the Ministry 
of Corporate Aﬀairs (MCA) has exempted companies from circulation of physical copies of Annual 
Report for year ended March 31, 2020.
 -Date and Time September 30, 2020 at 03.00 P.M
 As required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard 2, 
particulars of Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment at this AGM are given in the Annexure to 
the Notice of this AGM.
===== PDF PAGE 86 =====
 (b) Listing of Global Depository Receipts N. A.
 (c) Demat ISIN numbers in NSDL & CDSL INE417B01040
22.6 Stock Market Data
 National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. DSSL
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051
 (d) Annual listing fees for the year 2020-2021 have been duly paid to all the above Stock Exchanges.
 (e) Corporate Identiﬁcation Number (CIN) L72200MH1995PLC093130
 Month’s Month’s Volume Month’s Month’s Volume
 high price low price (No. of shares) high price low price (No. of shares)
 Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE)  National Stock Exchange (NSE)
 (in Rs.)    
July 2019 32.15 25.55 22301 32.90 25.40 98715
Sep 2019 31.95 23.65 12013 30.45 23.25 61623
Oct 2019 31.20 24.00 12026 31.00 23.20 45753
Nov 2019 30.75 20.80 59984 30.70 20.60 383063
June 2019 34.90 27.60 24867 35.30 28.10 116810
Aug 2019 31.95 23.50 27032 30.00 23.75 77128
Dec 2019 25.80 22.30 17766 27.80 22.00 141362
May 2019 38.40 25.80 83532 38.40 25.80 271365
April 2019 35.00 27.05 92425 33.90 26.40 157232
Jan 2020 35.60 23.50 88871 35.60 23.20 568170
Feb 2020 28.70 21.50 26514 28.60 20.50 139329
Mar 2020 22.55 12.65 25821 23.00 13.10 130041
(in Rs.)
22.8  Share Transfer System
22.7   Registrar and transfer Agents:  Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd.
   SEBI Regn. No. INR 00001385
   1st Floor Bharat Tin Works Building,Opp. Vasant Oasis,
   Makwana Road, Marol,Andheri East, Mumbai- 400059
   Tel : 022 – 62638200/206, Fax: 022 – 62638299
   Email id- info@bigshareonline.com
   Website- bigshareonline.com
 In terms of Regulation 40(1) of SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, securities can be transferred 
only in dematerialized form w.e.f. April 1, 2019, except in case of request received for transmission or 
transposition of securities. Members holding shares in physical form are requested to consider 
converting their holdings to dematerialized form. Transfers of equity shares in electronic form are 
eﬀected through the depositories with no involvement of the Company.
85
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 87 =====
86
22.9   Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2020
1001-2000 289 2.47 439078 4.79
3001-4000 64 0.55 231604 2.52
4001-5000 28 0.24 130642 1.42
Total  11705 100.00 9173080 100.00
5001-10000 47 0.40 342077 3.72
10001-9999999999 60 0.51 6195368 67.54
1-500  10516 89.41 1113322 12.14
501-1000 605 5.17 475609 5.18
2001-3000 96 0.82 245380 2.67
No.  of Equity Shares No. of Folios % of Total Total Holding 
in Rupees % of Total
22.10 Shareholding of Directors
Name of Directors
 2. Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria 636220 6.94
 1. Mr. Shirish Anjaria 840948 9.17
 3. Mr. Parag Dalal 627200 6.84
 6. Mrs. Archana Phadke 80 0.00
 5.  Mr. Viren Shah Nil Nil
 4. Mr. Dilip Palicha Nil Nil
 7. Mr. Jitesh Jain Nil Nil
Sr.
No. No. of Shares Percentage (%)
22.11 Dematerialization of Shares as on March 31, 2020
Total No. of shares Shares in 
physical form Percentage % Share in 
demat form Percentage %
91,73,080 39,140 0.43% 91,33,940 99.57%
Under the Depository System, the International Securities Identiﬁcation Number (ISIN) allotted to  the 
Company's shares is INE417B01040.
22.12 Categories of Shareholders as on March 31, 2020
Category No of Shares held Percentage of 
Shareholding
Clearing Member 20576 0.22%
Corporate Bodies 116811 1.27%
Relative of Director 830521 9.05%
Corporate Bodies (Promoter Company) 486475 5.30%
Nationalised Banks 280 0.00%
Promoters/Directors 2917988 31.81%
Public  4566634 49.78%
Non Resident Indians 233795 2.55%
Total  9173080 100%
===== PDF PAGE 88 =====
87
The consistent endeavor of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd is to enhance the reputation of the Company 
and irrespective of the goals to be achieved, the means are as important as the end. The Company has 
adopted “the Code of Conduct for prevention of Insider Trading”, which contains policies prohibiting insider 
trading. As per SEBI / Stock Exchanges Guidelines, the Company has also promulgated Code of Conduct to 
be followed by Directors and Management.
22.14 Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants : The Company does not have any outstanding 
GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any convertible 
instruments as on 31.03.2020
22.15 Company Secretary & Compliance Oﬃcer : Mr. Ravi Shankar Singh
22.16 Address for Investor Correspondence : Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd.
    SEBI Regn. No. INR 00001385
    1st Floor Bharat Tin Works Building,
    Opp. Vasant Oasis, Makwana Road, 
    Marol,Andheri East, Mumbai- 400059
    Tel : 022 – 62638200/206, Fax: 022 – 62638299
    Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.
    CIN: L72200MH1995PLC093130
    78, Ratnajyot Ind. Estate, Irla Lane, 
    Vile Parle (West), Mumbai – 400 056
    Email: investor@dynacons.com
    Cont No. 022-66889900
22.17 Corporate Ethics:
22.13 Capital of the Company : The authorized and paid-up capital of your 
Company is Rs. 300,000,000 and Rs. 
9,17,30,800 respectively.  
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 89 =====
88
CFO/CEO CERTIFICATION
To,
The Board of Directors
Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.
Mumbai      
We, hereby to the best of our knowledge and belief certify that: 
a) We have reviewed the ﬁnancial statements and the cash ﬂow statement for the year and that to the best of 
our knowledge and belief:
 ii) these statements together present a true and fair  view of  the  Company’s aﬀairs and are in  
compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for ﬁnancial   reporting  and 
that we have evaluated the eﬀectiveness of Internal Control Systems of the Company pertaining to 
ﬁnancial reporting and have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, deﬁciencies in the design 
or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or 
propose to take to rectify these deﬁciencies.
d) We have disclosed, based on our evaluation wherever applicable to the Auditors and the Audit Committee 
that;
 i) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain 
statements that might be misleading;
b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during 
the year, which is fraudulent, illegal or violates the Company’s Code of conduct.
 iii) There were no instances of signiﬁcant fraud of which we became aware and the involvement therein, 
of the management or an employee having a signiﬁcant role in the Company’s internal control system 
over ﬁnancial reporting.      
 Place: Mumbai 
Dated: September 03, 2020
  Shirish M. Anjaria Dharmesh S. Anjaria
 Chairman cum Managing Director Chief Financial Oﬃcer &
 DIN: 00444104 Executive Director
  DIN: 00445009
 ii) All the signiﬁcant changes in accounting policies during the year, if any, and that the same   have been 
disclosed in the notes to the ﬁnancial statement; and 
  For Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd
 i) There has not been any signiﬁcant change in internal control over ﬁnancial reporting;
===== PDF PAGE 90 =====
89
We have examined the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance by Dynacons Systems & 
Solutions Limited for the year ended 31st March, 2020 as per Regulations 17-27, clauses (b) to (i) of 
Regulations 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the SEBI(Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’)
The Members of  
Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.
Mumbai.
       For M S P & CO.
       (Firm Regn. No. : 107565W)
       Chartered Accountants
       
We further state that such compliance is neither as assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of 
the eﬃciency or eﬀectiveness with which the management has conducted the aﬀairs of the Company.
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. Our 
examination was limited to a review of the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company 
for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an 
expression of opinion on the ﬁnancial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and the 
representations made by the Management and considering the relaxations granted by the Ministry of 
Corporate Aﬀairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India warranted due to the spread of the COVID-19 
pandemic, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as 
stipulated in the SEBI Listing Regulations for the year ended on March 31, 2020.
       M. S. Parikh
       Partner
       Membership No.: 08684
Place: Mumbai
Dated: September 03, 2020
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
We have examined the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Generally Accepted Auditing 
Standards in India, to the extent relevant, and as per the Guidance Note on Certiﬁcation of Corporate 
Governance issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 91 =====
90
       For Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd. 
As per Regulation 17(5) and Regulation 26(3) of Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, all Board Members and Senior Management Personnel have 
aﬃrmed Compliance with the Code of Conduct for the year ended March 31, 2020.
This is to certify that the Company has laid down Code of Conduct for all Board Members and Senior 
Management of the Company and the copies of the same are uploaded on the website of the Company – 
www.dynacons.com
DECLARATION REGARDING COMPLIANCE BY BOARD MEMBERS AND SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL WITH THE COMPANY'S CODE OF CONDUCT
       Shirish M. Anjaria
       Chairman cum Managing Director
       DIN: 00444104 
Place: Mumbai
Dated: September 03, 2020     
===== PDF PAGE 92 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
(pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
The Members
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the 
Directors of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited  having CIN L72200MH1995PLC093130 and having 
registered oﬃce at 78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, Irla Lane,  Vile Parle (West), Mumbai-400056  
(hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before me  by the Company for the purpose of 
issuing this Certiﬁcate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 
10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
*the date of appointment is as per the MCA Portal.
To,
In my opinion and to the best of our information and according to the veriﬁcations (including Directors 
Identiﬁcation Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and 
explanations furnished to us by the Company & its oﬃcers and considering the relaxations granted by the 
Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India warranted due to the spread of 
the COVID-19 pandemic, I hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as 
stated below for the Financial Year ending on March 31, 2020 have been debarred or disqualiﬁed from 
being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, Irla Lane,
Vile Parle (West), Mumbai-400056.
 SHRUTI H. SHAH 
 Practising Company Secretary
 FCS No. : 8852
 C.P. No. : 8197
 UDIN:
Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the 
responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these 
based on my veriﬁcation. This certiﬁcate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company 
nor of the eﬃciency or eﬀectiveness with which the management has conducted the aﬀairs of the 
Company.
Place: Mumbai
Dated: September 03, 2020     
 2 Jitesh Jayantilal Jain 00282797 19/09/2015
 3 Parag Jitendra Dalal 00409894 26/09/1995
 7 Archana Vinayak Phadke 07138774 27/03/2015
 1 Viren Champaklal Shah 02886221 20/03/2001
 5 Dharmesh Shirish Anjaria 00445009 30/09/1998
 Sr. No. NAME OF DIRECTOR DIN DATE OF INITIAL APPOINTMENT 
    IN COMPANY*
 4 Shirish Mansinh Anjaria 00444104 26/09/1995
 6 Dilip Parmanand Palicha 02879480 21/03/2014
91
===== PDF PAGE 93 =====
92
 • Participation in the year end activity of physical verification of Cash, Inventories and Property, Plant and 
Equipment carried on by the management as on March 31, 2020, however we have performed 
alternate audit procedures / reconciliation of such items to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence 
about existence of Cash, Inventories and Property, Plant and Equipment as at the year end.  
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) 
of the Companies Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements of our report. We are independent of the Company in 
accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the 
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
 • Any other process which required physical presence of the audit team.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
standalone financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 in the manner so 
required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2020, and its profit, changes in equity and its cash flows 
for the year ended on that date.
To the Members of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
 • Inspection, Observation, examination and verification of the original documents of invoices, legal 
agreements, bank accounts Statement/loan accounts statement and files.
Emphasis on Matter
Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.
Basis for Opinion
We have audited the standalone financial statements of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited (“the 
Company”) which comprise the balance sheet as at 31st March 2020, the statement of profit and loss, 
statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial 
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit 
of the Standalone financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the Standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the Key 
Audit matters to be communicated in our report.
Key Audit Matters
Opinion
The opinion expressed in the present report is based on the information, fact and inputs made available to us 
through electronic means by the company. We wish to draw your attention to Note No. 32.11 highlighting that 
due to the COVID-19 induced restriction on physical movement and strict timelines, the entire audit team 
could not visit the office of the company for undertaking the required audit procedures as prescribed under 
ICAI issued Standards on Auditing, including but not limited to :
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
===== PDF PAGE 94 =====
93
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
The Company recognizes revenue from sale of goods when it satisfies its performance obligation, in 
accordance with the principles of Ind AS 115, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, adopted by the 
Company from the current year, by transferring the control of goods to its customers through delivery 
evidenced by acknowledgement of receipt of goods by such customers. Considering the large volume of 
revenue transactions near period end, there may be a risk of revenue recognition occurring before the 
satisfaction of the performance obligations by the company in accordance with the applicable Incoterms. 
Under Standards on Auditing 240 ‘The auditor’s responsibilities relating to fraud in an audit of financial 
statements’, there is a presumed risk that revenue may be misstated owing to the  improper recognition of 
revenue.
Our audit work included, but was not limited to, the following procedures:     
Considering the above factors, revenue recognition (cut-off) was identified as a key audit matter for the 
current year audit.
 - Evaluated design and implementation of the key controls around revenue recognition including 
controls around contract approvals, invoice verification, transporter confirmations and customer 
acknowledgements.
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using 
the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company 
or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
 - Tested operating effectiveness of the above identified key controls over revenue recognition near 
period end.
Auditor’s Response
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Standalone Financial 
Statements
 -  Obtained an understanding of the revenue and receivable business process, and assessed the 
appropriateness of the accounting policy adopted by the company for revenue recognition.
 -  For samples selected from revenue recorded during specific period, before and after year end:
  •  Verified the customer contracts for delivery terms verified the customer acknowledgements to 
evidence proof of delivery for domestic sales at or near period end
A) Revenue for the Company consists primarily of sale of goods recognized and provision of services as per 
the accounting policy described in Note 2.2 to the accompanying standalone financial statements. Refer 
Note 25 for details of revenue recognized during the year.
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) with respect to 
preparation of standalone financial statements that give a true and fairview of the financial position, financial 
performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, including the accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds 
and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements that give a true 
and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 95 =====
94
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other 
information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements or our knowledge obtained in 
the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not 
express any form of assurance or conclusion thereon. 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises 
the information included in the Board’s report but does not include the Secretarial Audit report, Standalone 
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The Board’s report is expected to be made available to 
us after the date of this auditor’s report.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
 • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
 • Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also 
responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate internal financial 
controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
 • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by management.
 • Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required financial statements or, if such disclosures 
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease 
to continue as a going concern.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters 
that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were 
of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from 
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SA’s, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
 • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in 
a manner that achieve fair presentation.
===== PDF PAGE 96 =====
95
 (b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about 
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated 
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the 
public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 (“the Order”) issued by the Central 
Government of India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013, we give in the 
“Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent 
applicable.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
 (a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge 
and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
 (c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss, changes in equity and the Cash Flow 
Statement dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account 
 (d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules,2014.
 (e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on 31st March, 2020 taken 
on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31st March, 2020 from 
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
 (f)  With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company 
and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure B”.
 (g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the 
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended :
   In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the 
provisions of section 197 of the Act.
 (h) With respect to other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
  i. The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its financial 
statements – Refer Note No.32.6 to the financial statements.
  ii. The Company has long term contracts as at March 31, 2020 for which there are no material 
foreseeable losses. The Company does not have derivative contracts as at March 31, 2020.
  iii. There was no amount required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company during the year ended March 31, 2020.
Firm Registration : 107565W
UDIN20008684AAAAAQ6831
For M S P & CO.      
Membership No.: 08684
M. S. PARIKH
Chartered Accountants
Partner                 
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 97 =====
96
ANNEXURE “A” FORMING PART OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
 b) According to information and explanation given to us, there are no disputed statutory dues including 
Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance, Income Tax, GST , Value added , Service Tax, Sales Tax, 
Custom and Excise duty and other statutory dues which have not been deposited on account of 
dispute except as stated below :-
 a) The Company has been generally regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues including Provident 
Fund, Employees State Insurance, Income Tax, GST, Value added, Service Tax, Sales Tax, Custom 
and Excise duty, and other statutory dues with the appropriate authorities.
i) (a) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details 
and situation of fixed assets.
On the basis of such checks as we considered appropriate and according to the information and explanations 
given to us during the course of our audit, we report that:
 (c)  The company does not own any immovable properties, hence the clause 1(c) of the orders are not 
applicable to the company and hence not commented
The Annexure referred to in our Independent Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of the Company 
on the standalone Ind AS financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2020, we report that:  
iii) The Company has not granted any loan, secured or unsecured to companies, firms, Limited Liability 
Partnerships or other parties covered in the register maintained u/s 189 of the Act; hence the Clause (iii) of 
paragraph 3 of the Order are not applicable to the Company. 
iv) The company has not granted any loans or made any investment or given loans or guarantees or 
securities to the parties or other parties, covered under the provision of section 185 and 186 of the act. 
v) The company has not accepted any deposit during the year and does not have any unclaimed deposits as 
at March 31, 2020 and therefore, the provision of the clause 3(v) of the order are not applicable to the 
company. 
vi) The Central Government has not prescribed the maintenance of cost records under sub- section (1) of 
section 148 of the Act for any of the activities of the Company; hence the Clause (vi) of paragraph 3 of the 
Order are not applicable to the Company. 
 (b) The company has a program of verification to cover all items of fixed assets in the phased manner 
which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the company and the nature of its 
assets. Pursuant to the program, certain fixed Assets were physically verified by the management 
during the year. According to the information and explanation given to us, no material discrepancies 
were noticed on such verification. 
vii) According to the information and explanations given to us  in respect of statutory dues:-
ii) Physical verification of inventories has been conducted at reasonable intervals by the management. The 
Company is generally maintaining proper records of inventory and no material discrepancies were 
noticed on physical verification between physical stock and the books records. 
 Particulars Period to which Forum where the 2020 
  amount relates disputes is pending (Rupees in Lakhs)
Income Tax AY 2017-18 CIT Appeal 6.86
viii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us, the company has not 
defaulted in the repayment of dues to bank or Non Banking Financial Companies. The company does not 
have any loans or borrowing from the government or has not issued any debenture.
ix) Based upon the audit procedures performed and according to the information and explanations given to 
===== PDF PAGE 98 =====
97
xi) According to the information and explanation given to us and based on our examination of the records, the 
Company has paid for managerial remuneration in accordance with the requisite approvals mandated by 
the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V of the Act.
xv) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of records of the 
Company, the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with directors or persons 
connected with to its Directors; hence the clause (xv) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable and 
hence not commented upon.
us, the company has not raisedmoney by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt 
instruments). Term Loans for the purpose of acquiring vehicles were applied for the purpose for which 
those are raised. 
x) To the best of our knowledge and belief, and according to the information and explanations given to us, 
and considering the size and nature of the Company’s operations, no fraud by the company or no material 
fraud  of Company have been noticed or reported during the year and nor have we been informed of such 
case by the management.
xii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi 
Company; hence Clause (xii) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable. 
xiii) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of records of the 
Company, transactions with the related parties are in compliance with section 177 and 188 of the Act 
where applicable and the details of such transactions have been disclosed in the standalone Ind AS 
financial statements as required by the applicable accounting standards. 
xiv) Based upon the audit procedures performed and according to the information and explanations given by 
the management, the company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or 
fully or partly convertible debentures during the year; hence the clause (xiv) of paragraph 3 of the Order is 
not applicable to the Company.
xvi) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the company is not required 
to be registered under section 45 – IA of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, and hence provision of clause 
3(xvi) of the order are not applicable to the company and hence not commented upon.
Firm Registration : 107565W
For M S P & CO.      
Chartered Accountants
M. S. PARIKH
Partner                 
Membership No.: 08684
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
UDIN20008684AAAAAQ6831
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 99 =====
98
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”).
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls 
based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the 
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities 
include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to 
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial 
information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Dynacons Systems& Solutions 
Limited. (“the Company”) as of March 31, 2020 in conjunction with our audit of the financial statements of the 
Company for the year ended on that date.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal 
financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the 
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial 
reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, 
issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent 
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls 
and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and 
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
Auditors’ Responsibility
ANNEXURE “B” FORMING PART OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
===== PDF PAGE 100 =====
99
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial 
reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and 
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, 
or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to explanation given to us,  the Company has, in all 
material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and such internal 
financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2020, based on the 
internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over 
Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Opinion
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Partner                 
Membership No.: 08684
For M S P & CO.      
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration : 107565W
M. S. PARIKH
UDIN20008684AAAAAQ6831
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 101 =====
21100
 Particulars    Note No. As at  As at 
        31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
A ASSETS     
 1 Non-current assets
 (a) Property, Plant and Equipment   2 178.67  249.60 
 (b) Right-of-use asset   3  195.60  -   
 (c) Investment in Subsidiary  4 5.05  5.05 
 (d) Financial Assets
  (i) Investments   5 1.07 0.89 
 (e) Deferred Tax Assets (Net)  18 11.49 -  
        391.89  255.54          
2 Current assets
  (a) Inventories   6 871.85 1,679.15 
  (b) Financial Assets
   (i) Trade receivables   7 8,399.57 5,767.59 
   (ii) Cash and cash equivalents  8  309.90  680.56 
   (iii) Bank balances other than mentioned 
    in cash and cash equivalents 9 1,350.78 1,082.43 
   (iv) Short-term loans and advances 10 14.21 16.82 
   (v) Other Financial Assets  11 265.26 10.33 
  (c) Other Current Assets  12 611.31 309.63
        11,822.88 9,546.51
       TOTAL 12,214.77  9,802.06
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
1 Equity
 (a) Equity Share Capital   13 917.31 917.31 
 (b) Other Equity   14 2,702.09 2,156.09 
        3,619.39 3,073.40 
2  Non-current liabilities
 (a) Financial Liabilities
  (i) Long Term Borrowings  15 17.64 30.34 
  (ii) Lease Liabilities   16 159.86  -   
 (b) Long-Term Provisions   17 111.50 92.40 
 (c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)  18 -  10.55 
 (d) Other non-current liabilities  19 8.95 6.93 
 Notes on Financial Statements  1-32
        297.95 140.22
        8297.43 6588.44
       TOTAL 12,214.77 9,802.06 
3  Current liabilities
 (a) Financial Liabilities
  (i) Short Term Borrowings  20 3,481.75 3,462.91
  (ii) Trade Payables   21 
  (a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises 
   and small enterprises   2.02 9.60 
  (b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than 
   micro enterprises and small enterprises  4,273.09 2,529.72
  (c) Lease Liabilities   22 39.03 -   
  (iii) Other Financial Liabiliities  23 21.34 49.96 
 (b) Other Current Liabilities   24 480.19 536.26
st
Standalone Balance Sheet as at 31  March, 2020
(` in Lakhs)
As per our report of even date attached   
Chartered Accountants
For M S P & CO.      
Firm Registration : 107565W
M. S. PARIKH
Partner                 
Membership No.: 08684
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Shirish Anjaria    Parag Dalal
Chairman cum Managing Director  Executive Director
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Dharmesh Anjaria   Ravishankar Singh
Executive Director   Company Secretary
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
===== PDF PAGE 102 =====
101
       194.10 212.51
 (a) Revenue from Operations 25 32,794.50 30,371.88 
 (b) Other Income  26 223.89 117.88 
1.  INCOME
5   Profit before tax    805.85 631.12
 (a) Current Tax   216.14 228.80
 (b) Deferred Tax   -22.04 -16.29
  Particulars  Note No. For the year ended For the year ended
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
3   EXPENSES   
 (a) Purchases of Stock-In-Trade 27 27,557.92 26,414.38
 (b) Changes In Inventories Of Stock-In-Trade 28 807.30 -298.37
 (c) Employee Benefits Expense 29 2,237.65 2,448.44 
 (d) Finance Costs  30 758.19 592.91 
 (e) Depreciation And Amortisation Expense 2-3 102.57 72.18
 (f) Other Expenses  31 748.91 629.11
4   Total Expenses   32,212.54 29,858.65
2   Total Revenue   33,018.39 30,489.77
6  Tax Expense:
 (ii) Diluted (In ` )   6.67 5.20 
     
9   Total comprehensive income for the year  593.14 419.43
  Notes on Financial Statements 1-32
 (i) Basic (In ` )   6.67 5.20 
8   Other Comprehensive Income
 (i) Items that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss
  Measurement of defined employee benefit plan  -25.80 1.28
  Gains and losses from investments in equity 
  instruments   0.69 0.00
 (ii) Income tax relating to items that will be 
  reclassified to profit or loss  6.49 -0.46
  Other comprehensive income for the 
  year, net of tax   -18.61 0.82
10   Earnings per equity share (Profit for the year)   
7   Profit for the year   611.75 418.61
st
Standalone Profit and Loss Statement for the year ended 31  March, 2020
(` in Lakhs)
Membership No.: 08684
M. S. PARIKH
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Firm Registration : 107565W
Chartered Accountants
As per our report of even date attached   
For M S P & CO.      
Partner                 
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Executive Director   Company Secretary
Dharmesh Anjaria   Ravishankar Singh
Chairman cum Managing Director  Executive Director
Shirish Anjaria    Parag Dalal
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 103 =====
102
  (Profit)/Loss on sale of Property, Plant and Equipment  0.00 -0.53
        807.98 587.14
  Repayment of long-term borrowings  -12.71 -19.36
  Other non current Liabilities  2.03 0.00
 Operating profit before working Capital  1,613.83 1,218.26
  Finance Costs   758.19 515.49
 Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in operating assets:
  Inventories    807.30 -298.37
 Adjustments for increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities:
  Other current liabilities   -83.14 -57.35
        -1,008.48 -765.18
  Trade payables   1,735.80 1,955.54
 Net profit before Tax and extraordinary items  805.85 631.12
 Net Cash Flow from operating activities  402.32 244.43
  Other current financial liabilities  -28.62 32.08
B CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Other current assets   -308.30 -19.87
C CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
 Add: Depreciation And Amortisation Expense  102.57 72.18
 Cash Generated from Operations  605.35 453.08
  Taxes paid    -203.02 -208.65
  Dividend received   53.30 0.00
  Dividend Income   -53.30 -   
  Repayment of Lease Liabiliites  -23.40 0.00
  Money received against share warrants  0.00 339.75
  Loss On Investments Written off  0.51 -
  Trade receivables   -2,631.98 -1,814.02
  Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment  0.00 4.00
 Changes in current assets and liabilities
     Particulars  For the year ended For the year ended
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
A CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Other current financial assets  -520.67 -587.93
  Provisions    19.10 24.75
  Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment  -4.96 -40.73
 Net Cash Used for Investing Activities  48.34 -36.73
  Dividend Paid   -45.87 0.00
  Short-term borrowings (net)  18.85 -16.65
  Interest Paid   -758.19 -515.49
 Net cash From Financing Activities  -821.32 -211.75
D Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  -370.66 -4.04
F Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year  309.90 680.56
  Balances with banks in current accounts  6.64 12.96
  Demand deposits with Banks  302.28 664.38
 Cash and Cash Equivalents as per Note 8  309.90 680.56
 Notes 1 to 32 form integral part of these standalone financial statements
 Cash & Cash Equivelant Comprise of
  Cash on hand   0.97 3.22
E Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year  680.56 684.60
st
Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31  March 2020
(` in Lakhs)
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
As per our report of even date attached   
For M S P & CO.      
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration : 107565W
M. S. PARIKH
Membership No.: 08684
Partner                 
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Shirish Anjaria    Parag Dalal
Chairman cum Managing Director  Executive Director
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Executive Director   Company Secretary
Dharmesh Anjaria   Ravishankar Singh
===== PDF PAGE 104 =====
22103
st
For the year ended 31  March, 2020
A.   Equity Share Capital (Note No. 13)
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Changes in Equity Share Capital -   
Changes in Equity Share Capital 2,26,50,000 
As at 31st March 2019 9,17,30,800 
    Particulars      Equity Share Capital 
As at 31st March 2020 9,17,30,800 
st
As at 1  April 2018 6,90,80,800 
B. Other Equity (Note No. 14)
Reserves and
Surplus Total 
(` in Lakhs)
Securities
Premium
Reserve
Other items
of  Other
Comprehensive
Income 
(specify 
nature)
Money
received
against share
warrantsRetained
Earnings
Additions during the year 226.50 418.61 - 339.75 984.86 
Issue of Equity Shares - - - (453.00) (453.00)
Total Comprehensive Income for the year - - 0.82 - 0.82 
st
Balance as at 1  April 2018 98.50 1,407.47 4.20 113.25 1,623.41 
Balance as at 31st March 2019 325.00 1,826.07 5.02 - 2,156.09
Additions during the year - 611.75 - - 611.75 
Dividend Paid - (45.87) - - (45.87)
st
Balance as at 1  April 2019  325.00 1,826.07 5.02 - 2,156.09 
Other Adjustments - (1.28) - - (1.28)
Total Comprehensive Income for the year - - (18.61) - (18.61)
Balance as at 31st March 2020 325.00 2,390.68 (13.60) - 2,702.09
As per our report of even date attached   
Membership No.: 08684
For M S P & CO.      
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration : 107565W
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Partner                 
M. S. PARIKH
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Shirish Anjaria    Parag Dalal
Chairman cum Managing Director  Executive Director
Dharmesh Anjaria   Ravishankar Singh
Executive Director   Company Secretary
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 105 =====
104
 The standalone financial statements were approved for issue by the Board of directors on 31st July 
2020.
 b) Functional and presentation currency
 • It is expected to be settled in the company's normal operating cycle;
 • It is held primarily for the purpose of being traded;
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES :
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
31ST MARCH, 2020 
NOTE 1: Summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information
1. Company Overview
 Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd. is an IT solutions company with global perspectives and is 
engaged in providing a comprehensive range of end-to-end solutions to customers. Dynacons has the 
technical expertise and the service delivery infrastructure to serve Customers at a level of quality 
consistent with their expectations. Dynacons helps in the selection of the right technology and 
application that will yield the greatest return and build a business case for implementation based on 
lower Total cost of ownership and higher performance.
2.1. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 a) Statement of compliance
 The standalone financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the 
Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as amended from time to time.
 The standalone financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (INR), which is also the 
Company`s functional currency. All amounts have been rounded-off to the nearest lacs unless 
otherwise indicated. Further, amounts below INR 50,000 have been rounded off to "-" in the standalone 
financial statements while rounding off to the nearest lacs unless otherwise indicated. Figures for the 
previous years have been regrouped/rearranged wherever considered necessary to conform to the 
figures presented in the current year.
 Assets
 An asset is classified as current when it satisfies any of the following criteria:
 All assets and liabilities are classified into current and non-current.
 • It is expected to be realized in, or is intended for sale or consumption in, the company's normal    
  operating cycle;
 • It is held primarily for the purpose of being traded;
 Current assets include current portion of the noncurrent financial assets.
 All other assets are classified as non-current. 
 c) Current and non-current classification
 Liabilities
 A liability is classified as current when it satisfies any of the following criteria:
 • It is expected to be realized within 12 months after the reporting date; or
 • It is due to be settled within 12 months after the reporting date; or
 • The company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 
  months after the reporting date.
 • It is cash or cash equivalent unless it is restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for 
at least 12 months after the reporting date.
===== PDF PAGE 106 =====
105
  • Lease classification – Note 2.17
 e) Use of estimates and judgements
  The Company has an established control framework with respect to the measurement of fair values. 
This includes a treasury team that has overall responsibility for overseeing all significant fair value 
measurements, including Level 3 fair values, and reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer.
 d) Basis of measurement
  Information about judgments made in applying accounting policies that have the most significant 
effect on the amounts recognised in the standalone financial statements is included in the following 
notes:
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities (if any) are classified as non-current assets and liabilities.
  In preparing these standalone financial statements, management has made judgements, estimates 
and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of 
assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual result may differ from these estimates.
 All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
  • Estimated useful life of property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets – Note 2.8
  Judgements
 Current liabilities include current portion of the non-current financial liabilities.
  Assumptions and estimation uncertainties
  Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised prospectively.
  Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting 
in a material adjustment in the subsequent period financial statements is included in the following 
notes:
  The Company`s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for 
both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
  • Estimation of defined benefit obligations-– Note 2.13
  • Impairment of trade receivables- Note 2.18
 f) Measurement of fair values
 Operating cycle
 Operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realisation in cash 
or cash equivalents. The Company has ascertained its operating cycle, being a period within 12 months 
for the purpose of classification of assets and liabilities as current and non-current.
 Terms of a liability that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the issue of 
equity instruments do not affect its classification.
 The standalone financial statements have been prepared on the historical basis except for the following 
items:
  • Estimation of deferred tax expense and payable – Note 2.14
Certain financial assets and liabilities Fair Value
(including derivative instruments)
Items Measurement Basis
Net defined benefit(asset)/ liability Fair value of plan assets less present 
 value of defined benefit obligations
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 107 =====
106
2.2. Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue is recognised upon transfer of control of promised goods to customers in an amount that 
reflects the consideration which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods. 
 The treasury team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third 
party information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then the 
valuation team assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that 
these valuations meet the requirements of Ind AS, including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which 
the valuations should be classified.
 Fair values are categorised into different levels in
 a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows.
 - Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active144 markets for identical assets or liabilities.
 - Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or  
 liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
 - Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data   
 (unobservable inputs).
 When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company uses observable market data as 
far as possible. If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into different 
levels of the fair value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety in the 
same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire 
measurement.
 The Company recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting 
period during which the change has occurred.
2.2.1. Sale of goods:
 Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control is transferred to the 
customer which is usually on dispatch / delivery of goods, based on contracts with the customers. 
 Revenue is measured based on the transaction price, which is the consideration, adjusted for 
discounts, price concessions, incentives, and returns, if any, as specified in the contracts with the 
customers. Revenue excludes taxes collected from customers on behalf of the government. Accruals 
for discounts/incentives and returns are estimated (using the most likely method) based on 
accumulated experience and underlying schemes and agreements with customers. Due to the short 
nature of credit period given to customers, there is no financing component in the contract. 
 Trade Receivables
 A receivable represents the Company's right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., 
only the passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due). 
 Contract liabilities
 A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Company has received 
consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays 
consideration before the Company transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is 
recognised when the payment is made, or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities 
are recognised as revenue when the Company performs under the contract. 
2.2.2. Rendering of Services
 Revenue is recognized from rendering of services when the performance obligation is satisfied and the 
services are rendered in accordance with the terms of customer contracts. Revenue is measured 
based on the transaction price, which is the consideration, as specified in the contract with the 
customer. Revenue also excludes taxes collected from customers.
2.2.3. Revenue from time and material and job contracts is recognised on output basis measured by units 
delivered, efforts expended, number of transactions processed, etc.
 Contract Balances
===== PDF PAGE 108 =====
107
 Expenses are accounted on the accrual basis and provisions for all known losses and liabilities are 
made. Provisions are made for future unforeseeable factors, which may affect the ultimate profit on 
fixed price software development contracts. Expenses on software development on time-and-material 
basis are accounted for in the year in which it is expended. Expenses incurred for future software 
projects are carried forward and will be adjusted against revenue, based on the completion method. In 
case of new products, which are clearly defined and the costs are attributable to the products, such 
costs are deferred and amortized equally over a period of three to five years based on Management's 
evaluation of expected sales volumes and duration of the product life cycle.
2.3. Expenditure Recognition 
 iv) Insurance claims are accounted for on the basis of claims admitted / expected to be admitted and to 
the extent that the amount recoverable can be measured reliably and it is reasonable to expect 
ultimate collection.
 Transition to Ind AS 116
2.7. Cash flow statement
 - the amortised cost of the financial liability
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs ("MCA") notifies new standard or amendments to the existing standards. 
There is no such notification which would have been applicable from April 1, 2020.
 The Company does not recognize RoU assets and lease liabilities for leases with less than twelve 
months of lease term and low-value assets on the date of initial application.
 In calculating interest income and expense, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying 
amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability. 
However, for financial assets that have become credit- impaired subsequent to initial recognition, 
interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial 
asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the 
gross basis.
 - the gross carrying amount of the financial asset ;
 Effective 01 April 2019, the company adopted Ind AS 116 "Leases" and applied to all lease contracts 
existing on 01 April 2019 using the modified retrospective method. Accordingly, comparatives for the 
previous year ended 31 March 2019 have not been retrospectively adjusted. The leases which are 
classified as Right-of-Use (RoU) assets are in the nature of prepaid lease rentals. Therefore, the 
cumulative effect of applying the standard in the retained earnings is not material. 
 Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby profit / (loss) before extraordinary items 
and tax is adjusted for the effects of transactions of non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of 
2.4. Changes in significant accounting policies
 or
 The 'effective interest rate' is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or      
receipts through the expected life of the financial instrument to:
2.6. Cash and cash equivalents
2.5. Accounting Standards Issued but not Effective
 Cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits with banks. Cash equivalents are short-term 
balances, (with original maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition), highly liquid 
investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to 
insignificant risk of changes in value.
 i) Profit on sale of investments is determined as the difference between the sales price and the 
carrying value of the investment upon disposal of investments.
 ii) Dividend income is recognised in profit or loss on the date on which the Company`s right to receive 
payment is established.
 iii) Interest income or expense is recognised using the effective interest method.
2.2.4. Other Income
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 109 =====
108
 Gains or losses arising on the disposal of property, plant and equipment are determined as the 
difference between the disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the assets and are recognized in 
the statement of profit and loss within other income or other expenses.
 Impairment losses for cash-generating units reduce first the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated 
to that cash generating unit. Any remaining impairment loss is charged pro rata to the other assets in the 
cash-generating unit. With the exception of goodwill, all assets are subsequently reassessed for 
indications that an impairment loss previously recognized may no longer exist. An impairment loss is 
reversed if the asset's or cash-generating unit's recoverable amount exceeds its carrying amount.
 For the purpose of impairment assessment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are 
largely independent cash inflows (cash-generating units). As a result, some assets are tested 
individually for impairment and some are tested at cash-generating unit level. Goodwill (if any) is 
allocated to those cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from synergies of a related 
business combination and represent the lowest level within the Group at which management monitors 
goodwill. All individual assets or cash-generating units are tested for impairment whenever events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 Subsequent expenditure incurred on an item of property, plant and equipment is added to the book 
value of that asset only if this increases the future benefits from the existing asset beyond its previously 
assessed standard of performance.
2.8. Property, plant and equipment
 An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset's (or cash-generating unit's) 
carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal 
and value-in-use. To determine the value-in-use, management estimates expected future cash flows 
from each cash-generating unit and determines a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present 
value of those cash flows. The data used for impairment testing procedures are directly linked to the 
Group's latest approved budget, adjusted as necessary to exclude the effects of future reorganizations 
and asset enhancements. Discount factors are determined individually for each cash generating unit 
and reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and asset-specific risk factors.
past or future cash receipts or payments. The cash flows from operating, investing and financing 
activities of the Company are segregated based on the available information.
 The components of assets are capitalized only if the life of the components vary significantly and whose 
cost is significant in relation to the cost of respective asset. The life of components in assets are 
determined based on technical assessment and past history of replacement of such components in the 
assets.
 Impairment testing of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment
 Buildings and other equipment 
 Buildings and other equipment (comprising plant and machinery, furniture and fittings, electrical 
equipment, office equipment, computers and vehicles) are initially recognized at acquisition cost, 
including any costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to the location and condition necessary 
for them to be capable of operating in the manner intended by the management. Buildings and other 
equipment are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment 
losses. Cost of property, plant and equipment not ready for the intended use before reporting date is 
disclosed as capital work in progress.
 Tangible assets are carried at the cost of acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation and 
accumulated impairment, if any. The cost of tangible assets includes non-refundable taxes, duties, 
freight and other incidental expenses related to the acquisition and installation of the respective assets. 
Assets which are retired from active use and are held for disposal are stated at the lower of their net 
book value or net realizable value. Cost of tangible assets not ready for the intended use as at balance 
sheet date are disclosed as “capital work in progress”.
 Depreciation
 Depreciation on tangible assets is provided on straight line method and in the manner prescribed in 
Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013, over its useful life specified in the Act, or based on the useful 
===== PDF PAGE 110 =====
109
 The Management's estimates of the useful life of various categories of fixed assets where estimates of 
useful life are lower than the useful life specified in Part C of Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013 are 
as under:
life of the assets as estimated by Management based on technical evaluation and advice. The residual 
value is 5% of the acquisition cost which is considered to be the amount recoverable at the end of the 
asset's useful life. The residual values, useful lives and method of depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment is reviewed at each financial year end.
 Revenue expenditure pertaining to research is charged to the standalone statement of profit and loss. 
Development costs of products are also charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss unless a product's 
technical feasibility has been established, in which case such expenditure is capitalized. The amount 
capitalized comprises expenditure that can be directly attributed or allocated on a reasonable and 
consistent basis to creating, producing and making the asset ready for its intended use. Property, Plant 
and equipment utilized for research and development are capitalized and depreciated in accordance 
with the policies stated for property, plant and equipment.
2.9. Research & Development Expenditure
2.10. Inventories
2.11. Investments
 Reporting and presentation currency
 The standalone financial statements are presented in Lakhs of Indian Rupees, which is also the 
functional currency of the Company.
 Foreign currency transactions and balances
  i) Initial Recognition: Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange rates  
prevailing on the date of the transaction.
 Inventories are valued at the lower of the cost and the net realizable value. Net realisable value is the 
estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and to 
make the sale. Cost is determined on a First in First out basis. A periodic review is made of slow-moving 
stock and appropriate provisions are made for anticipated losses, if any.
 Investments that are readily realizable and are intended to be held for not more than one year from the 
date on which such investments are made are classified as current investments. All other investments 
are classified as long-term investments. Long-term investments other than investment in subsidiaries 
are valued at fair market value. Provision is made for diminution in value to recognize a decline, if any, 
other than that of temporary in nature. Current investments are valued at lower of cost and fair market 
value. Gains or losses that arise on disposal of an investment are measured as the difference between 
disposal proceeds and the carrying value and are recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 Assets costing less than Rs. 5,000 individually have been fully depreciated in the year of   purchase.
2.12. Foreign Currency transactions
Type of asset      Estimated useful life (Years)
- Computers – Servers / Storages  3
Plant and equipment     
- Computers – Others     2
Vehicles     8
Furniture and fixtures    10
Intangible assets    6
- Computers – Desktops / Laptops  6
Office equipment    5
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 111 =====
110
  ii) Conversion: At the year-end, monetary items in foreign currencies are converted into rupee 
equivalents at the year end exchange rates.
  iii) Exchange Differences: All exchange differences arising on settlement and conversions of 
foreign currency transactions are included in Other Comprehensive Income.
2.13. Retirement Benefits to employees
  i. Post-employment benefit plans
   Defined contribution plan
   Payment to defined contribution retirement benefit schemes are charged as an expense as they 
fall due.
   Defined Benefit plan
   For defined benefit schemes, the cost of providing benefits is determined using Projected Unit 
Credit method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at each balance sheet date. Actuarial 
gains/losses are recognized in the period of occurrence under Other Comprehensive Income 
(OCI). Past service cost is recognized to the extent the benefits are already vested, and 
otherwise is amortized on a Straight-Line method over the average period until the benefits 
become vested. The retirement benefit obligation recognized in the balance sheet represents 
the present value of the defined benefit obligations as adjusted for unrecognized past service 
cost.
2.14. Income Tax 
 Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized in full, although Ind AS 12 'Income Taxes' specifies 
limited exemptions. As a result of these exemptions the Group does not recognize deferred tax liability 
on temporary differences relating to goodwill, or to its investments in subsidiaries. Changes in deferred 
tax assets or liabilities are recognized as a component of tax income or expense in the statement of 
profit and loss, except where they relate to items that are recognized in other comprehensive income 
(such as the re-measurement of defined benefit plans) or directly in equity, in which case the related 
deferred tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or equity, respectively.
 Tax expense recognized in the statement of profit or loss comprises the sum of deferred tax and current 
tax not recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Calculation of current tax is 
based on tax rates in accordance with tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the 
end of the reporting period. Deferred income taxes are calculated using the liability method on 
temporary differences between tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for 
financial reporting purposes at reporting date. Deferred taxes pertaining to items recognized in other 
comprehensive income are also disclosed under the same head. Deferred tax assets are recognized to 
the extent that it is probable that the underlying tax loss or deductible temporary difference will be 
utilized against future taxable income. This is assessed based on the respective entity's forecast of 
future operating results, adjusted for significant non-taxable income and expenses and specific limits 
on the use of any unused tax loss or credit. Deferred tax is not provided on the initial recognition of 
goodwill, or on the initial recognition of an asset or liability unless the related transaction is a business 
combination or affects tax or accounting profit.
 Borrowing Costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of qualifying assets are capitalised for 
the period until the asset is ready for its intended use. A qualifying asset is an asset that necessarily 
takes substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use. Other borrowing costs are recognised 
as an expense in the period in which they are incurred. 
   The undiscounted amount of short term employee benefits expected to be paid in exchange of 
services rendered by employees is recognized during the period when the employee renders 
the service. These benefits include performance incentives, paid annual leave, medical 
allowance, etc.
  ii.  Short-term employee benefits
2.15. Borrowing Costs
===== PDF PAGE 112 =====
111
 A provision is recognised when the Company has a present obligation as a result of past events and it is 
probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation in respect of which a 
reliable estimate can be made. Provisions (excluding retirement benefits) are not discounted to their 
present value and are determined based on the best estimate required to settle the obligation at the 
balance sheet date. These are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current 
best estimates. Contingent liabilities are disclosed in the note 32.6 Contingent assets are not 
recognised in the financial statements.
 The lease liability is initially measured at amortized cost at the present value of the future lease 
payments. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or using the 
incremental borrowing rates. Lease liabilities are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to the 
related right of use asset if the Company changes its assessment if whether it will exercise an extension 
or a termination option.
  (i) the contract involves the use of an identified asset
 At the date of commencement of the lease, the Company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and a 
corresponding lease liability for all lease arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for leases with a 
term of twelve months or less (short-term leases) and low value leases.
 A contract is considered to be onerous when the expected economic benefits to be derived by the 
Company from the contract are lower than the unavoidable cost of meeting its obligations under the 
contract.
  (ii) the Company has substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset through the 
period of the lease and
 Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the commencement date on a straight-line basis over the 
shorter of the lease term and useful life of the underlying asset. Right-of-use assets are tested for 
impairment whenever there is any indication that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 
Impairment loss, if any, is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 The provision for an onerous contract is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost 
of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract. Before such a 
provision is made, the Company recognises any impairment loss on the assets associated with that 
contract.
2.16. Provisions (other than employee benefits)  and contingencies
 The Company's lease asset primarily consist of lease for buildings. The Company assesses whether a 
contract contains a lease, at inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, 
the Company assesses whether:
 The right-of-use assets are initially recognized at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease 
liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement date of the lease plus 
any initial direct costs less any lease incentives. They are subsequently measured at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
 Onerous contracts
  (iii)  the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset.
2.17. Leases
 A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset 
for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
 For these short-term and low value leases, the Company recognizes the lease payments as an 
operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Certain lease arrangements 
includes the options to extend or terminate the lease before the end of the lease term. ROU assets and 
lease liabilities includes these options when it is reasonably certain that they will be exercised.
 Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately presented in the Balance Sheet and lease 
payments have been classified as financing cash flows.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 113 =====
 Effective 01 April 2019, the Group adopted Ind AS 116 "Leases" and applied to all lease contracts 
existing on 01 April 2019 using the modified retrospective method. Accordingly, comparatives for the 
previous year ended 31 March 2019 have not been retrospectively adjusted. The leases which are 
classified as ROU are in the nature of prepaid lease rentals. Therefore, the cumulative effect of 
applying the standard in the retained earnings is not material.
 Leases under which the company assumes substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are 
classified as finance leases. The lower of fair value of asset and present value of minimum lease rentals 
is capitalized as fixed assets with corresponding amount shown as lease liability. The principle 
component in the lease rentals is adjusted against the lease liability and interest component is charged 
to profit and loss account.
 c. Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)
 a.  Amortized cost
 For the purpose of subsequent measurement financial assets are classified and measured based on 
the entity's business model for managing the financial asset and the contractual cash flow 
characteristics of the financial asset at:
 Operating Lease
 Financial assets (other than trade receivables) and financial liabilities are recognized when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument and are measured 
initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs, except for those carried at fair value through profit 
and loss which are measured initially at fair value. Subsequent measurement of financial assets and 
financial liabilities are described below. Trade receivables are recognized at their transaction price as 
the same do not contain significant financing component.
 Financial assets at amortized Cost
 These assets are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The 
loss allowance at each reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 12 
months and credit risk exposure. The Company shall also measure the loss allowance for a financial 
instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that financial 
instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition.
 Finance Lease
2.18. Financial instruments
 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
 b. Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) or
 Financial assets at amortized Cost Includes assets that are held within a business model where the 
objective is to hold the financial assets to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms gives 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding.
 Financial assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
 Includes assets that are held within a business model where the objective is both collecting contractual 
cash flows and selling financial assets along with the contractual terms giving rise on specified dates to 
cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. At 
initial recognition, the Company, based on its assessment, makes an irrevocable election to present in 
other comprehensive income the changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument that 
is not held for trading. These selections are made on an instrument-by- instrument (i.e.., share-by-
share) basis. If the Company decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value 
changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, impairment gains or losses and foreign exchange 
gains and losses, are recognized in other comprehensive income. There is no recycling of the amounts 
 All financial assets are reviewed for impairment at least at each reporting date to identify whether there 
is any objective evidence that a financial asset or a Company of financial assets is impaired. Different 
criteria to determine impairment are applied for each category of financial assets, which are described 
below.
112
===== PDF PAGE 114 =====
 Financial assets at Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)
 Financial assets at FVTPL include financial assets that are designated at FVTPL upon initial 
recognition and financial assets that are not measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. All derivative financial instruments fall into this category, except for those 
designated and effective as hedging instruments, for which the hedge accounting requirements apply. 
Assets in this category are measured at fair value with gains or losses recognized in profit or loss. The 
fair value of financial assets in this category are determined by reference to active market transactions 
or using a valuation technique where no active market exists.
  The Company measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses, 
except for the following, which are measured as 12 month expected credit losses:
 The fair value of financial assets in this category are determined by reference to active market 
transactions or using a valuation technique where no active market exists. The loss allowance at each 
reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 12 months and credit risk 
exposure. The Company shall also measure the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount 
equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased 
significantly since initial recognition. The loss allowance shall be recognized in other comprehensive 
income and shall not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the balance sheet.
 Impairment
  At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether financial assets are carried at amortised 
cost. A financial asset is 'credit-impaired' when one or more events that have a detrimental impact 
on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.
from OCI to profit or loss, even on sale of investment. The dividends from such instruments are 
recognized in statement of profit and loss.
 The loss allowance at each reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 
12 months and credit risk exposure. The Company shall also measure the loss allowance for a financial 
instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that financial 
instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition. The loss allowance shall be recognized 
in profit and loss.
 a) Impairment of financial instruments
  The Company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses on:
  Financial assets measured at amortised cost;
  - other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring 
over the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial 
recognition.
  Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected 
credit losses.
  12-month expected credit losses are the portion of expected credit losses that result from default 
events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected 
life of the instrument is less than 12 months).
  Measurement of expected credit losses
  - debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and
  Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are 
measured as the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due 
to the Company in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Company expects to 
receive).
  When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial 
recognition and when estimating expected credit losses, the Company considers reasonable and 
supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes 
both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Company's historical 
experience and informed credit assessment and including forward- looking information.
113
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 115 =====
114
  Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross 
carrying amount of the assets.
  Write-off
  Presentation of allowance for expected credit losses in the balance sheet
  The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent 
that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Company 
determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate 
sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.
 b) Impairment of non-financial assets
  The Company's non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed 
at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such 
indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated.
  For impairment testing, assets that do not generate independent cash inflows are grouped 
together into cash-generating units (CGUs). Each CGU represents the smallest group of assets 
that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or 
CGUs.
 Basic earnings per equity share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period 
attributable to equity shareholders (after deducting attributable taxes) by the weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during the period. The weighted average number of equity 
shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events including a bonus issue, bonus element in 
a rights issue to existing shareholders, share split and reverse share split (consolidation of shares). In 
this scenario, the number of equity shares outstanding increases without an increase in resources 
due to which the number of equity shares outstanding before the event is adjusted for the 
proportionate change in the number of equity shares outstanding as if the event had occurred at the 
beginning of the earliest period reported. 
  The recoverable amount of a CGU (or an individual asset) is the higher of its value in use and its 
fair value less costs to sell. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to 
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the 
time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU (or the asset).
  An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its estimated 
recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in the standalone statement of profit and 
loss. Impairment loss recognised in respect of a CGU is allocated first to reduce the carrying 
amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other 
assets of the CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.
2.19. Earnings per share
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period 
attributable to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during 
the period are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
 
===== PDF PAGE 116 =====
115
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars 
Gross block  
Disposals - 16.53 - - 16.53 
Balance as at 31 March 2019 8.43 135.10 2.85 280.37 426.74 
Additions - 39.40 1.33 - 40.73 
Additions 4.96 - - - 4.96 
Disposals - - - - -   
Balance as at 31 March 2020 13.39 135.10 2.85 280.37 431.70 
Balance as at 1 April 2018 0.75 13.48 0.72 103.06 118.01 
Reversal on disposal of assets - 13.06 - - 13.06 
Depreciation for the year 1.04 20.51 0.42 53.92 75.89 
Reversal on disposal of assets - - - - -   
Balance as at 31 March 2020 2.62 40.71 1.61 208.09 253.03 
Net Block      
Balance as at 1 April 2019 6.86 114.90 1.65 126.19 249.60 
Accumulated depreciation      
Depreciation for the year 0.82 19.78 0.47 51.11 72.18 
Balance as at 1 April 2018  8.43 112.22 1.52 280.37 402.54 
Balance as at 31 March 2019 1.57 20.19 1.20 154.17 177.14 
Balance as at 31 March 2020 10.77 94.39 1.24 72.27 178.67 
Furnitures & 
Fixtures 
Vehicles 
(Cars) 
Office 
Equipment Computer TOTAL 
Charge has been created over property, plant and equipments of the company in regard to borrowings 
(Refer note 20.1)
st
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the financial year ended  31  March, 2020
2.        PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 117 =====
116
(` in Lakhs)
 Adjustment on Transition to IND AS 116  222.29  
4 INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARY
 Other Adjustments    -
 (iii) Aggregate amount of:
 Gross Carrying Value :
 Balance as at 31-03-2020   26.68
  (7,678 (31st March, 2019 - 7,678) 
  Equity Shares of US$ 1/- each)   5.05 5.05 
  Bank of Baroda Limited   1.07 0.38 
 Balance as at 31-03-2019   -
3. RIGHT OF USE ASSET
 Charge for the year    26.68
  - Dynacons Systems & Solutions PTE Ltd  100.00% 100.00%
 (ii) Extent of investment in subsidiaries
 Disposals / Adjustments   -    
 Accumulated Amortisation :
 Balance as at 31-03-2020   222.29  
 Particulars Leased Premises   LEASED PREMISES
 (iii) The Company has made an irrevocable election of accounting policy as at the adoption date 
  01 April 2016 to fair value investment in equity instrument through Other Comprehensive 
  Income (‘OCI’).      
  Total     6.12 5.94
 Investments designated at fair value 
 through Other Comprehensive Income
 As at 31-03-2019    -
 In Equity Shares - Unquoted, fully paid up
 As at 31-03-2020    195.60
 (i) Dynacons Systems & Solutions PTE Ltd
     Particulars   As at  As at 
        31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
 Balance as at 31-03-2019   -    
 Net carrying amount :
 Equity Investment at cost
        5.05 5.05
5 NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS - INVESTMENTS
 (i) In Equity Shares - Unquoted, fully paid up   
  Kapol Co-op Bank Ltd   - 0.51 
  ((31st March, 2019 - 5,125) 
  Equity Shares of ` 10 each)    
 (ii) In Equity Shares - Quoted, fully paid up   
  - Unquoted investments   5.05 5.05
  ` 10 each fully paid up)   1.07 0.89
  (2,000 (31st March, 2019 - 2,000) Equity Shares of 
st
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the financial year ended  31  March, 2020
===== PDF PAGE 118 =====
117
(` in Lakhs)
 Trade Receivables considered good - Secured  - -   
 Trade Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk; - -   
 Less Provision for expected credit loss - -   
7.1  Trade Receivables of Rs.8399.57 lakhs  (as at 31st March, 2019: Rs. 5,767.59 lakhs) are hypothecated
 against working capital facilities from banks. (Refer note 20.1)  
 
6  INVENTORIES
 (valued at lower of cost and net realisable value) 
 Stock-in-trade    871.85 1679.15
 Total      871.85 1679.15
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
 Inventories of Rs. 871.85 lakhs  (as at 31st March, 2019: Rs. 1,679.15 lakhs) are hypothecated 
against working capital facilities from banks. (Refer note 20.1)
 Trade Receivables considered good - Unsecured;  8,399.57 5,767.59 
 Trade Receivables - credit impaired   - -   
        8,399.57 5,767.59 
 Total       8,399.57   5,767.59 
7.2  The carrying amount of the Trade Receivables are considered as a reasonable approximation of fair
 value as it is expected to be collected within twelve months, hence no provision is made for Expected
 credit Losses     
8  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS   
 Cash on hand    0.97 3.22 
 Balances with banks in current accounts  6.64 12.96 
10  SHORT TERM LOANS AND ADVANCES   
 Total      265.26 10.33 
 Total      309.90 680.56 
 Demand deposits with Banks   302.28 664.38 
 -Balances with bank held as margin money  1,350.78 1,082.43 
 Total      14.21 16.82 
 Total      1,350.78 1,082.43 
 Loans & Advances to employees
 -Loans Receivables considered good - Unsecured  14.21 16.82 
11  OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
 (Unsecured and Considered Good)
 Security Deposits    265.26 10.33 
 Total      611.31 309.63
9  BANK BALANCES OTHER THAN MENTIONED 
 IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS    
12  OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
 Advance income tax (Net of provisions)   611.31 309.63 
 Deposits  Accounts of Rs. 302.28 lakhs (As at 31st March, 2019 Rs. 664.38) pledged  for facilities 
from Banks. (Refer Note 20.1)    
st
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the financial year ended  31  March, 2020
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 202025TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 119 =====
118
(` in Lakhs)
13.3 As per records of the company, including its register of shareholders/members and other declarations 
received from shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents the both 
legal and beneficial ownership of shares.
13.4 The company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 10 per share. Each 
shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders 
are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the company in proportion to their shareholdings.
 Retained earnings   2,200.22 1,635.61 
 Securities premium account  325.00 325.00 
13.6 The Company declares entitled and pays dividends in Indian Rupees. The Board of Directors in their 
meeting held on August 14, 2019, declared an interim dividend of ` 0.50/- per share on the nominal 
value of ` 10/-each and paid to all the eligible shareholders on August 26, 2019. The interim dividend 
paid is considered as the final dividend for the financial year ended 31st March, 2020.
 Other comprehensive income  -13.60 5.02 
 General reserve   190.46 190.46 
14 OTHER EQUITY
13.5 During the 5 years immediately preceding the balance sheet date, there were no equity shares allotted 
as fully paid up pursuant to contract without payment being received in cash, no bonus shares were  
issued and there was no buy-back of equity shares of the Company.
 Total     2,702.09 2,156.09
 
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
13  EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
 (a) Authorised Share Capital
  30,000,000 Equity shares of `10 each  3,000.00 3,000.00
  (Previous Year 30,000,000 Equity shares of `10 each)
 (b) Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid up :
  (91,73,080 Equity shares of `10 each)  917.31 917.31
  (Previous year 91,73,080 Equity shares of `10 each)
st
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the financial year ended  31  March, 2020
Particulars 
As at 31 March, 2019
No. of 
Shares Amt No. of 
Shares Amt 
As at 31 March, 2020
Issued during the year  - - 22,65,000  226.50 
Equity Shares at the beginning of the year 91,73,080 917.31 69,08,080  690.81 
Equity Shares at the end of the year 91,73,080 917.31 91,73,080  917.31
13.1  The reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding is set out below :
13.2    The details of Shareholders holding more than 5% shares :
Particulars 
As at 31 March, 2019
Number of
Shares Held
As at 31 March, 2020
Parag Jitendra Dalal   627,200  6.84  627,200  6.84
Nilam Anjaria   364,602  3.97   364,602  3.97 
Dharmesh Shirish Anjaria 636,220  6.94   636,220  6.94
Shirish Mansingh Anjaria 840,948   9.17  840,948    9.17
Number of
Shares Held
%
holding
%
holding
===== PDF PAGE 120 =====
119
(` in Lakhs)
  General reserve represents an appropriation of profits by the Company, which can be utilised 
for purposes such as dividend payout etc.
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
  The movement in Other Equity:
 (a) Securities premium account
  As per last Balance Sheet  325.00 98.50
  Add : Premium on shares issued during the year  - 226.50
 (c) Surplus in Statement of Profit and Loss
  As per last Balance Sheet  1,635.61 1,217.01
  Less : Dividend Distributed  (45.87) -
  Less : Adjustment of Balance in defined employee benefit plan (1.28) -
  Add: Profit for the year  611.75 418.61 
  Surplus in Statement of Profit and Loss comprises of prior years’ undistributed earnings after 
taxes, which can be utilised for purposes such as dividend payout etc..
       - -   
  The Company had alloted 22,65,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each issued at premium of 
Rs.10/- during the Previous financial year 2018-19 to the Promoters & Non-Promoters on a 
preferential basis pursuant to conversion of warrants. These shares are ranking pari-passu with 
the old equity shares of the company.
 (e) Other comprehensive income
  Balance at the beginning of the year  5.02 4.20
  Add : Movement during the year  -18.61 0.82
  Total other Equity   2,702.09 2,156.09 
15  Long Term Borrowings
  Secured 
  Term Loans
  From Banks   17.64 23.16 
  From Others   - 7.18 
  Total    17.64 30.34
  Securities premium account represents premium received on equity shares issued, which can 
be utilised only in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
  Balance at the end of the year  -13.60 5.02
  Total    325.00 325.00 
       2,200.22 1,635.61 
 (b) General reserve
  As per last Balance Sheet  190.46 190.46 
 (d) Money received against share warrants  - 113.25 
  Add : Monies received during the year  - 339.75 
       - 453.00
  Less : Issue of Shares  - 226.50 
  Less : Transfer to Securities Premium Account  - 226.50 
  Total reserves and surplus  2,715.68 2,151.07 
st
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the financial year ended  31  March, 2020
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 121 =====
120
(` in Lakhs)
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
15.1 Nature of Security & terms of Repayment of secured borowing :
 a) Term loans from banks are Secured by way of first mortgage / charge on the Plant & Machinery 
of the Company
 b) Term loans from Others were Secured by way of first mortgage / charge on the Vehicles of the 
Company 
15.2 Other Details    
  
18 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY NET
 (a) Amounts recognized in profit and loss
  Current tax expense (A)
  In respect of current year  216.14 228.80
16 OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Lease Liabilities   159.86 -
  Deferred tax expense (B)
  In respect of current year  -22.04 -16.29
 Total     111.50 92.40
       159.86   -
17 LONG TERM PROVISIONS
 Provision for employee benefits:
 i) Provision for other defined benefit plans
  - Gratuity (Refer Note 32.2)  108.78 65.74 
 ii) Leave Encashment  2.72 26.66
  Adjustments for earlier years (C)  - -
  Tax expense recognized in the income 
  statement (A+B+C)  194.10 212.51 
 (b) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income
 Particulars         Date of 
Maturity 
Number of 
Installments 
Due 
 ICICI Bank Ltd  Motor Car 01-Jul-21 4.00 9.36%
 Yes Bank Ltd  Motor Car 15-Oct-22 18.00 8.78%
A From Banks     
Applicable
Rate of
Interest 
Security
Coverd 
st
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the financial year ended  31  March, 2020
Remeasurement of the defined 
benefit plans (25.10) 6.49 (18.61) 1.28 (0.46) 0.82
   (25.10) 6.49 (18.61) 1.28 (0.46) 0.82 
Items that will not be reclassified 
to profit or loss
For the year ended st
31  March, 2020 
For the year ended st
31  March, 2019
Particulars Before
tax
Tax 
(expense)
benefit
Net 
of tax
Before
tax
Tax 
(expense)
benefit
Net 
of tax
===== PDF PAGE 122 =====
121
 Total     8.95 6.93
  
19 OTHER NON CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Unpaid Dividends   2.03 -
 Other Payables*   6.93 6.93
 * Includes staff dues.
 Total     3,481.75 3,462.91
20.1 Working capital loans are secured by hypothecation of present and future stock, book debts, 
outstanding monies, receivables, claims, bills, material in transit, Bank fixed deposits and Fixed Assets 
and personal guarantees of directors.
20 Short Term Barrowings
 Secured
 Working Capital Loans :
 From Banks    3,481.75 3,462.91
st
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the financial year ended  31  March, 2020
(` in Lakhs)(c)      Reconciliation of effective tax rate
 Particulars         
Permanent Difference   -3.63% (5.16) -  - 
Profit before tax     805.85  631.12 
Tax using the Company’s domestic tax rate 25.17%  202.82  33.38%  210.69
Tax effect of:
Exempt Income    -2.10% (4.27) - -
Effective income tax rate  19.79% 194.10 36.25% 212.51
TOTAL     -5.38% (8.72) 2.87% 1.82
Others      0.35% 0.72 2.87% 1.82
For the year ended st
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst 
31 March, 2019
% Amounts % Amounts
(d)      Movement in deferred tax
Property, plant and equipment 0.00 0.00 23.17 33.76 23.17 33.76 
Provisions - employee benefits 33.83 23.21 0.00 0.00 (33.83) (23.21)
Lease Rentals  0.83 0.00 0.00 0.00 (0.83) 0.00 
Deferred tax (assets) liabilities 34.66 23.21 23.17 33.76 (11.49) 10.55
Net deferred tax 
(assets) / liabilityDeferred tax liabilities Deferred tax (assets) 
Particulars
31 March,
2020 
31 March, 
2019 
31 March,
2020 
31 March, 
2019 
31 March,
2020 
31 March, 
2019 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 123 =====
122
st
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the financial year ended  31  March, 2020
(` in Lakhs)
24 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
21 TRADE PAYABLES
 Total     21.34 49.96
 Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 2.02 9.60
 Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises 
 and small enterprises   4,273.09 2,529.72
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
 Note:
 The Company has certain dues to suppliers registered under the Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act). The disclosures pursuant to the said MSMED Act 
are as follows :
 Lease Liabilities   39.03 -
 Current maturities of long-term debt  21.34 49.96
 Total     480.19 536.26
 Total     4,275.12 2,539.32
22 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITES - LEASE
 Other Payables*   480.19 536.26
23 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
       39.03 -
 Refer Notes No. 15.1
 Disclosure of payable to vendors as defined under the  “Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises 
Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act) is based on the information available with the Company  
regarding the status of registration of such vendors under the said Act, as per the intimation 
received from them on requests made by the Company. There are no overdue principal 
amounts/interest payable amounts for delayed payments to such vendors at the Balance Sheet 
date. There are no delays in payment made during the year.        
 * includes statutory dues and others
     Particulars As at   As at 
      31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
Principal amount due and remaining unpaid  2.02 9.60 
Interest paid by the Company in terms of    -   -
section 16 of the Micro, Small and Medium 
enterprises Act, 2006
Payment made beyond the appointed day during the year   -   -
Interest due and unpaid on the above amount  - -
Interest due and payable for the period of delay   -   -
Interest accrued and remaining unpaid   -   -
Amount of further interest remaining due and payable   -   -
===== PDF PAGE 124 =====
123
(` in Lakhs)
 Total     32,794.50 30,371.88
  Revenue from contracts with Customers  32,794.50 30,371.88 
  Revenue from Information Technology Products  32,794.50 30,371.88
 a) The Company is engaged in systems Integration which includes the sales of products and services 
as a complete solution
    
 b) Disaggregate Revenue
  The table below presents disaggregated revenues of the Company from contracts with customers 
by geography. The Company believes that this disaggregation best depicts how the nature, 
amount, timing and uncertainty of its revenues and cash flows are affected by industry, market and 
other economic factors.
  Total revenue from contracts with customers
  India    29,595.59 30,371.88
  Export (Including deemed export)  3,198.91 -   
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
  Total    32,794.50 30,371.88
 c) Reconciliation between revenue with customers and contracted price:
  Revenue as per contracted price  34,695.40 30,753.60 
  Less: Adjustements
  Sales return   (1900.90) (381.71)
  Trade receivables   8,399.57   5,767.59 
  Allowance as per Expected credit loss model  - -   
  Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 90 to 120 days.
26 Other Income
  Total    8,399.57 5,767.59 
 Interest income   170.25 117.35 
 Other Non-Operating Income  -  0.53 
 Others #     0.35 0.00
 Divdend Received   53.30 -   
 (Dividend received from Wholly owned Subsidiary Company)
 # includes Miscellaneous income
 Purchases of Information Technology Products  27,557.92 26,414.38 
28 CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
       871.85 1,679.15
 Inventories at commencement
 Stock-in-Trade   1,679.15 1,380.78
       1,679.15 1,380.78
 Total     223.89 117.88 
 Total     807.30 -298.37
 d) Contract balances
  The following table provides information about receivables from contracts with customers:
27 PURCHASES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
  Total    27,557.92 26,414.38
 Inventories at close
 Stock-in-Trade   871.85 1,679.15
st
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the financial year ended  31  March, 2020
25      REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 125 =====
124
(` in Lakhs)
 Total     2,237.65 2,448.44 
31.3 Miscellaneous Expenses includes office Expense postage & telegram exp etc
 ii On purposes other than (i) above 2.56   4.72   7.28 
30 FINANCE COST
 a) Interest on financial liabilities carried at amortised cost 6.37 -
 b)  Interest on borrowings  322.13 333.66
 c)  Other interest cost   345.19 181.84 
 d)  Others    84.50 77.41
31.4 Details of corporate social responsibility expenditure  
 CSR Comitteee has identified & approved projects for the balance amount  which will be paid in due course.
31.1 Auditors Remuneration
 - Audit Fees    8.55 7.20
 - Other     - -
 Total     758.19 592.91 
 Total     754.88 639.77 
 Total     8.55 7.20
 i Construction or acquisition of any asset
 Total     265.49 238.88
29 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
 Salaries and wages   2,056.79 2,257.79
 Contributions to provident and other funds  121.23 146.40
 Staff Welfare Expenses   59.64 44.25 
31.2 Conveyance And Travelling Expenses
 Conveyance    154.69 182.76
 Travelling Expenses   110.80 56.13
 (b) for the financial year ended 31st March, 2020 In Cash Yet to be paid in Cash Total
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
31 Other Expenses
 Electricity Expenses   10.59 10.49
 Rent     57.95 79.68
 Communication Expenses  39.86 13.24
 Auditors Remuneration   8.55 7.20
 Bank Charges   17.77 10.01
 Conveyance And Travelling Expenses  265.49 238.88
 Insurance Charges   11.70 10.15
 Legal & Professional Charges  135.67 88.61
 Loss On Investments Written off  0.51 -
 Membership & Subscription  2.06 3.13
 Miscellaneous Expenses  26.72 26.46
 Corporate social responsibility expenditure  2.56 -
 Motor Car Expenses   6.14 4.69
 Printing & Stationary Expenses  8.79 10.59
 Rates & Taxes   6.07 15.45
 Repairs & Maintenance -Building  2.57 2.76
 Repairs & Maintenance - Others  6.78 3.90
 Sales Promotion Expenses  16.50 20.58
 Transportation Charges   122.62 83.29
  (a) Amount required to be spent by the Company  31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019
        7.28   -   
st
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the financial year ended  31  March, 2020
===== PDF PAGE 126 =====
63
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Additional Information to the financial statements
32.1. Earnings per share (EPS)
  March 31, 2020 March 31, 2019
Profit after Tax (`/lakhs) 611.75 418.61
Weighted Number of Equity Shares Nos. Lakhs 91.73 80.56
Particulars Units Year Ended Year Ended
Earnings Per Share (of paid up  ` 6.67 5.20
Value of ` 10 each) Basic
Earnings Per Share (of paid up 
Value of ` 10 each) Diluted ` 6.67 5.20
32.2. Defined benefit plans – Gratuity:
 Gratuity is payable to all the members at the rate of 15 days salary for each year of service. In 
accordance with applicable Indian laws, the Company provides for gratuity, a defined benefit 
retirement plan (“the Gratuity Plan”) covering eligible employees. The Gratuity Plan provides for a lump 
sum payment to vested employees on retirement (subject to completion of five years of continuous 
employment), death, incapacitation or termination of employment that are based on last drawn salary 
and tenure of employment. Liabilities with regard to the Gratuity Plan are determined by actuarial 
valuation on the reporting date. 
 The following table sets out the status of the Gratuity Plan and the amounts recognized in the financial 
statement:
  Discount Rate   6.82% 7.64%
  Current Service Cost    42.23 17.04
  Liability at the beginning of the year  65.28 48.24
  Difference Adjusted   1.28 -
IV. Expenses Recognized in the Income Statement :  
  Salary escalation rate   4.50% 4.50%
  Liability at the end of the year  107.50 65.28
IV. Expenses Recognized in the OCI :  
I. Assumptions :
   Amount (`) Amount (`)
  Expense Recognized in P& L    42.23 17.04
III. Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet  
  Particulars  2020 2019
II. Table Showing Change in Benefit Obligation :  
  Balance    107.50 65.28
  Liability at the end of the year  107.50 65.28
  Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet  108.78 65.28
  Current Service Cost   42.23 17.04
  Current Service Cost   (25.80) 1.28
  Expense Recognized in P& L    (25.80) 1.28 
(` in Lakhs)
125
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 127 =====
126
st st
 31  March, 2020 31  March, 2019
nd
2  Following Year 2.74 1.97 
Sum of Years 6 To 10 28.03 19.73 
Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years From the Date of Reporting
th
4  Following Year 3.59 2.44 
th
5  Following Year 6.41 2.58 
st
1  Following Year 6.13 3.84 
rd
3  Following Year 3.34 2.12 
Sum of Years 11 and above 282.22 198.26
Sensitivity Analysis
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover 3.02 2.72
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Discounting 16.19 9.57
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover (3.64) (3.23)
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase (13.71) (8.19)
st st
 31  March, 2020 31  March, 2019
Projected Benefit Obligation on Current Assumptions 108.78 66.56
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Discounting (13.32) (7.91)
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase 16.41 9.78
The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective 
assumptions  occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant. The 
sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the projected benefit 
obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of 
the assumptions may be correlated. Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present 
value of the projected benefit obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end 
of the reporting period, which is the same method as applied in calculating the projected benefit obligation as 
recognised in the balance sheet. There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the 
sensitivity analysis from prior years.
32.3 Related Party Disclosures
a. The names of related parties and the nature of relationship are as under:
(i) Subsidiaries
 S. P. Corporation
 Trigem Infosolutions Limited
(ii) Entities in which Directors or there relatives are interested
 Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd PTE Ltd – Subsidiary Company
 Josh Foundation
(` in Lakhs)
Maturity Analysis of the Benefit Payments: From the Employer
(` in Lakhs)
===== PDF PAGE 128 =====
127
 a)  Executive Director
  Shirish M. Anjaria
  Parag J. Dalal
  Dharmesh S. Anjaria
 b)  Non Executive Director
  Jitesh Jain
  Dilip Parmanand Palicha
  Viren Champaklal Shah
  Archana Phadke
(iii) Key Managerial Personnel
 c)  Other than Directors
  Ravishankar Singh Company Secretary
 The transactions with the related parties are as under:
M/s S.P. Corporation Rent for Premises  1.80 1.80
Mr. Parag J. Dalal  Remuneration  27.00 18.00
Josh Foundation  Corporate social responsibility expenditure  0.50  -
M/s S.P. Corporation Reimbursement of Expenses 2.57 2.76
Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria Remuneration  27.00 18.00
Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria Remuneration  30.00 21.00
Mr. Ravishankar Singh Remuneration  1.41 1.13
 Party Nature of Payment 2020 2019
   (`/lakhs) (`/lakhs)
 Particulars Period to which Forum where the 2020 2019 
  the amount relates dispute is pending (`/lakhs) (`/lakhs) 
 Value Added Tax FY 2008-09 Deputy Commissioner of - 11.14
   Sales Tax Appeals
 Income tax AY  2017-18 CIT Appeals 6.86 -
32.5. Segment Information
The company operates in the single segment of System Integration and Services.
Notes : 
Service transactions with related parties are made at arm's length price.
32.6. Contingent Liabilities
a)  Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts: 
b)       Guarantees given by the company’s bankers ` 3181.54 lakhs (previous year ` 2906.06 lakhs) 
32.4. Balances Outstanding (` in Lakhs)
Nature of Transaction 
Subsidiaries Entities controlled by Key 
Managerial Personnel 
st
As at 31  
March, 2020 
st
As at 31  
March, 2019 
st
As at 31  
March, 2020 
st 
As at 31
March, 2019 
Investment in Shares 
Dynacons Systems & Solutions PTE Ltd 5.05 5.05 - - 
M/s Dynacons Systems & Solutions Dividend Income 53.30 -PTE Ltd   
 Party Nature of Receipts 2020 2019
   (`/lakhs) (`/lakhs)
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 129 =====
128
 The The Company manages its capital structure with a view to ensure that it will be able to continue as a 
going concern while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimization of the debt and 
equity balance.
 The Company's management reviews the capital structure of the Company on an annual basis. As part 
of this review, the management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of 
capital.
 The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:
32.7. Financial instruments
A. Capital  Management :
 The capital structure of the Company consists of net debt (borrowings as detailed in notes 15, 20 and 
23) and total equity of the Company.
B. Financial Instruments-Accounting Classifications and Fair value measurements (Ind AS 107) 
i) Classification of Financial Assets and Liabilities:
For the purpose of computing debt to equity ratio, equity includes Equity Share Capital and Other Equity and 
Debt includes Long term borrowings, short term borrowings and current maturities of long term borrowings.
Particulars As at st
31  March, 2020  
As at st
31  March, 2019
(` in Lakhs)
Equity 3,619.39 3,073.40
Non-current borrowings 17.64 30.34
Current borrowings 3,481.75 3,462.91
Current maturities of non-current borrowings 21.34 49.96
Total Debt 3,520.73 3,543.21
Net debt to equity ratio 0.97 1.15
Particulars As at st
31  March, 2020  
As at st
31  March, 2019
(` in Lakhs)
Designated at fair value through other comprehensive 
income  
Financial Liabilities  
Measured at amortised cost  
Total 10,340.79 7,558.62
Measured at amortised cost
Financial Assets
Bank balances other than above 1,350.78 1,082.43
Cash and cash equivalents 309.90 680.56
Investments in equity shares 1.07 0.89
Long-Term Borrowings 17.64 30.34
Short-Term Borrowings 3,481.75 3,462.91
Trade Payables 4,275.12 2,539.32
Other Financial Liabiliities 21.34 49.96
   
Lease Liabilities 198.88 -
Other Financial Assets 265.26 10.33
Total 7,994.73 6,082.53 
Trade receivables 8,399.57 5,767.59
Loans 14.21 16.82
===== PDF PAGE 130 =====
129
  Fair value measurement hierarchy
 Financial assets and Financial liabilities measured at fair value in the balance sheet are grouped into 
three Levels of fair value hierarchy. These levels are based on the observability of significant inputs to 
the measurement, as follows:
 > Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or 
liability, either directly or indirectly
 > Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
ii) Fair Value Measurements (Ind AS 113):
 The Company holds certain fixed income investments and other financial assets, which must be 
measured using the fair value hierarchy and related valuation methodologies. The guidance specifies a 
hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to each measurement are observable or 
unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market 
 Data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company's 
assumptions about current market conditions.  The fair value hierarchy also requires an entity to 
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring 
fair value.
 The Company records certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. 
The Company determines fair values based on the price it would receive to sell an asset or pay to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date and in 
the principal or most advantageous market for that asset or liability.
 > Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
 The following table shows the Levels within the hierarchy of financial and non-financial assets and st st
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at 31  March 2019 and 31  March 2018,:
a) Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for assets as at the reporting date: 
(` in Lakhs)
Fair value measurement using 
Quoted 
prices in 
active 
markets 
Significant
observable
inputs 
Significant 
unobservable
inputs 
Date of 
valuation Total  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3) 
Financial Assets Fair value through Other Comprehensive Income 
Investments in quoted - equity instrument 
31-Mar-20 0.89 1.07 - (0.18)
31-Mar-19 0.89 0.38 - 0.51
There have been no transfers between levels during the period. Investments costing Rs. 0.51 lakhs has been 
written off since the bank has been wound up.
Investment in quoted equity instrument are valued based on the quoted prices available in the market as at 
the reporting date.
Investments in Unquoted Equity Shares i.e Level 3 fair value measurement are valued at carrying cost since 
amounts are not materials. Investments in unquoted equity shares are made in banks as part of mandatory 
requirements for obtaining finances from the financing bank. 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 131 =====
130
The following tables shows a reconciliation from the opening balance to the closing balance for level 3 fair 
values:
Particulars      Total FVTOCI financial 
investments 
(` in Lakhs)
Addition / (Deletion) during the year - -    
Balance as at 1 April 2018 0.89 0.89 
Balance as at 31 March, 2020 1.07 1.07
Balance as at 31 March, 2019 0.89 0.89 
Addition / (Deletion) during the year 0.18 0.18 
 The Company's principal financial liabilities comprise of loans and borrowings, trade and other 
payables, and financial guarantee contracts. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance 
the Company's operations and to provide guarantees to support its and group companies operations. 
The Company's principal financial assets include loans, trade and other receivables, investments, 
cash and short-term deposits that derive directly from its operations. The Company also enters into 
derivative transactions to hedge and holds short term investments. The Company is exposed to market 
risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company's senior management oversees the management of 
these risks. The Company's senior management is supported by the Group Treasury Team that 
advises on financial risks and the appropriate financial risk governance framework in accordance with 
the Company's policies and risk objectives. All derivative activities for risk management purposes are 
carried out by Group Treasury Team that have the appropriate skills, experience and supervision. It is 
the Group's policy that no trading in derivatives for speculative purposes may be undertaken. The 
Board of Directors review and agree on policies for managing each of these risks, which are 
summarized below:
 Trade and other receivables
a) Credit risk
32.8 Nature and extent of risks arising from financial instruments and respective financial risk 
management objectives and policies
Loans, cash and bank balances, trade receivables, other financial assets, trade payables, and other financial 
liabilities have fair values that approximate to their carrying amounts due to their short-term nature
 Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty fails to discharge an obligation to the Company. The Company 
is exposed to this risk for various financial instruments, for example trade receivables, investment in 
mutual funds etc.
 Customer credit is managed by each business unit subject to the Company's established policies, 
procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. Trade receivables are non-
interest bearing and are generally on 90 to 120 days credit term. Credit limits are established for all 
customers based on internal rating criteria. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored.
 An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In 
addition, a large number of minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for 
impairment collectively. The Company does not hold collateral as security. The Company has no 
concentration of credit risk as the customer base is widely distributed both economically and 
geographically.  
===== PDF PAGE 132 =====
131
The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and Expected Credit Loss 
Allowance for trade and other receivables:   
Particulars As at st 
31 March, 2020  
As at st
31  March, 2019
(` in Lakhs)
0-180 days 8,170.36 5,644.10
More than 180 Days 229.21 123.49
Total 8,399.57 5,767.59
The Company continuously monitors defaults of customers and other counterparties, identified either 
individually or by the Company, and incorporates this information into its credit risk controls. The Company’s 
policy is to transact only with counterparties who are highly creditworthy which are assessed based on 
internal due diligence parameters. In respect of trade receivables, the Company is not exposed to any 
significant credit risk exposure to any single counterparty or any group of counterparties having similar 
characteristics. Trade receivables consist of a large number of customers in various geographical areas. 
Based on historical information about customer default rates management consider the credit quality of trade 
receivables that are not past due or impaired to be good.
b) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is that the Company might be unable to meet its obligations. The Company manages its liquidity 
needs by monitoring scheduled debt servicing payments for long-term financial liabilities as well as forecast 
cash inflows and outflows due in day-to-day business. The data used for analysing these cash flows is 
consistent with that used in the contractual maturity analysis below. Liquidity needs are monitored in various 
time bands, on a day-to-day and week-to week basis, as well as on a monthly, quarterly, and yearly basis 
depending on the business needs. Net cash requirements are compared to available borrowing facilities in 
order to determine headroom or any shortfalls. This analysis shows that available borrowing facilities are 
expected to be sufficient over the lookout period. 
Liquidity risk is managed by Company through effective fund management. The Company's principal sources 
of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and the cash flow that is generated from operations. 
The Company believes that current cash and cash equivalents, tied up borrowing lines and cash flow that is 
generated from operations is sufficient to meet requirements. Accordingly, liquidity risk is perceived to be low.
The Company considers expected cash flows from financial assets in assessing and managing liquidity risk, 
in particular its cash resources and trade receivables. The Company’s existing cash resources and trade 
receivables significantly exceed the current cash outflow requirements. Cash flows from trade receivables 
are all contractually due within 90-120 days based on the credit period. The Company’s objective is to 
maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank overdrafts, and short-
term borrowings. The Company assessed the concentration of risk with respect to refinancing its debt and 
concluded it to be low. The Company has access to a sufficient variety of sources of funding.
The Company measures the expected credit loss of trade receivables based on historical trend, industry 
practices and the business environment in which the entity operates. Loss rates are based on actual credit 
loss experience and past trends. 
Other financial assets
The Company maintains exposure in cash and cash equivalents, term deposits with banks, investments in 
Debentures, Preference shares, mutual funds, derivative contracts and loan to subsidiary companies. The 
parties which have secure 
party based on 
financial position, credit rating and past experience. Credit limits and concentration of exposures are actively 
monitored by the Management of the Company.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 133 =====
132
The Company's non-derivative financial liabilities have contractual maturities as summarised below:
Particular 
Contractual cash flows 
Carrying amount Upto 1 year More than 1 year 
(` in Lakhs)
st
As at 31  March 2020
Borrowings   3,481.75 3,481.75 -
Trade Payables  4,275.12 4,275.12 -
Long-Term Borrowings (Borrowings 38.97 21.34 17.64(including Current Maturities of Long-Term Debts) 
As at 31 March 2019   
Borrowings  3,462.91 3,462.91 -
Long-Term Borrowings (Borrowings 
80.30 49.96 30.34 (including Current Maturities of Long-Term Debts) 
Trade Payables  2,539.32 2,539.32 -
 Foreign currency risk
 To mitigate the Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk, cash flows are continuously monitored. 
 Foreign currency denominated financial assets and financial liabilities which expose the Company to 
currency risk are disclosed below. The amounts shown are those reported to key management 
translated at the closing rate:-
 Most of the Company’s transactions are carried out in Indian rupees. Exposures to currency 
exchange rates arise from the Company’s overseas sales and purchases, which are primarily 
denominated in US dollars (USD) 
 The Company is exposed to market risk through its use of financial instruments and specifically to 
currency risk, interest rate risk and certain other price risks, which result from both its operating and 
investing activities.
c) Market risk
Particulars As at st
31  March, 2020  
As at st
31  March, 2019
(` in Lakhs)
Financial liabilities   
Net exposure (Assets - Liabilities) 234.10 330.62
Net exposure for assets 324.06 330.62
Trade Payables 89.96 -
   
Trade receivables 324.06 330.62
Financial assets
Net exposure for liabilities 89.96 -
The following table details the Company's sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in the Rupee against the 
relevant foreign currencies. 5% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to 
key management personnel and represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible change 
in foreign exchange rates. This is mainly attributable to the net exposure outstanding on receivables or 
payables in the Company at the end of the reporting period. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding 
foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the period end for a 5% charge 
Sensitivity analysis
The company has not entered in any forward contract for hedging or otherwise in respect of foreign currencies 
during   the year, and there are no such contracts outstanding at the end of the year.
===== PDF PAGE 134 =====
133
in foreign currency rate. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain 
constant and ignores any impact of forecast sales and purchases. In cases where the related foreign 
exchange fluctuation is capitalised to fixed assets or recognised directly in reserves,  the impact indicated 
below may affect the Company's income statement over the remaining life of the related fixed assets or the 
remaining tenure of the borrowing respectively.
Impact on profit or loss
Movement
in currency
(Before tax)
Increase in Exchange rate by 5% Decrease in Exchange rate by 5%
Particulars For the year endedst
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst
31  March, 2019
For the year endedst
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst 
31 March, 2019
USD 11.71 16.53 (11.71) (16.53)
The Company's investments in term deposits (i.e. certificates of deposits) with banks, investments in 
preference shares, mutual funds and debentures are at fixed interest rate and therefore do not expose the 
company to significant interest rate risk.
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in market interest rates. The Company's exposure to the risk of changes in market 
interest rates are managed by borrowing at fixed interest rates. During the year Company did not have any 
floating rate borrowings.
Interest rate risk
 Interest Rate Exposure:
For the year endedst
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst
31  March, 2019Particulars
(` in Lakhs)
Short term borrowings 3,481.75 3,462.91 
Floating Rate Borrowings - - 
  3,520.73 3,543.21
Term loans - long term 
Fixed Rate Borrowings 38.97 80.30 
  Interest rate sensitivities for floating rate borrowings:
Movement 
in rate Increase in Interest rate by 0.25% Decrease in Interest rate by 0.25%
Particulars For the year endedst
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst 
31 March, 2019
For the year endedst
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst
31  March, 2019
Term loans-long term - - - -
Short term borrowings 8.70 8.66 (8.70) (8.66)
Interest rate sensitivity has been calculated assuming the borrowings outstanding at the reporting date have 
been outstanding for the entire reporting period.
32.9 (a) Advance(s) in the nature of Loan (Regulation 34 of Listing Obligations & Disclosure
 Requirements)
 No Loans have been given to Subsidiaries during the year.
 (b) Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments covered under section 186(4) of the 
Companies Act, 2013
(` in Lakhs)
Wholly Owned Subsidiary 
Dynacons Systems & Solutions PTE Ltd
Name of the Party Nature Amount  
(Rs.) Purpose 
505,143 Capital Investment Investments in Equity Shares
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 135 =====
134
 Operating Lease 
 The company has lease contract for office premises and these lease contracts are cancellable-renewable for 
further period on mutually agreeable terms during the tenure of leases contracts. 
 The following is the movement in lease liabilities during the year ended March 31, 2020:
32.10 Lease Commitments 
 The Company recognised a lease liability measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments. 
The right-of-use asset is recognised at its carrying amount as if the standard had been applied since the 
commencement of the lease, but discounted using the lessee's incremental borrowing rate as at April 1, 
2019. Accordingly, a right-of-use asset of `222.29 Lakhs  and a corresponding lease liability of `222.29 Lakhs  
has been recognized. The principal portion of the lease payments have been disclosed under cash flow from 
financing activities. The lease payments for operating leases as per Ind AS 17 Leases, were earlier reported 
under cash flow from operating activities. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate of 12.00% has 
been applied to lease liabilities recognised in the balance sheet at the date of initial application.
 The Company has made a detailed assessment of its liquidity position for the Financial Year 2020-2021 
including recoverability and carrying value of its assets comprising all fixed assets as well as current assets 
including land and building, plant and machinery, investments, inventories, trade receivables, etc.
Expenses relating to short term leases and low value assets have been disclosed under Rent in  Note.  31
32.11. COVID IMPACT
 Based on current indicators of future economic condition, the Company expects to recover the carrying 
amounts of these assets after providing for write off/rebate. The current situation is very dynamic entailing 
lot of uncertainties about the extent and timing of the potential future impact on the Company’s business 
operations. The Company will continue to monitor closely any material changes to future economic 
condition of its business operations.
32.12. The previous year figures have been reclassified/regrouped wherever necessary.
 The outbreak of Corona Virus Pandemic (Covid-19) started in December 2019 and spread across the globe 
thereafter. The impact of it was felt in India during March 2020 which forced the Government to put several 
restrictions including complete lockdown effective 25th March 2020. As a result, the operations of the 
Company remained suspended for almost a week during current financial year. The Company is closely 
monitoring the impact due to Covid-19 on various aspects of its business including its customers / vendors / 
employees and other business partners.
Membership No.: 08684
Partner                 
M. S. PARIKH
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
For M S P & CO.      
As per our report of even date attached   
Firm Registration : 107565W
Chartered Accountants
Shirish Anjaria    Parag Dalal
Chairman cum Managing Director  Executive Director
Dharmesh Anjaria   Ravishankar Singh
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Executive Director   Company Secretary
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Particulars st
As at 31  March, 2020
 
(` in Lakhs)
Finance cost accrued during the period 6.37
Balance at the end 198.88
Lease Liability – Current 39.03
Lease Liability - Non-Current 159.86
Balance at the beginning of the year --
Lease liabilites recognised on initial application of Ind-AS 116 222.29
Payment of lease liabilities 29.78
===== PDF PAGE 136 =====
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (SAs) speciﬁed under section 143(10) of the Act (SAs). Our responsibilities under those Standards 
are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the independence requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules 
made thereunder, and we have fulﬁlled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suﬃcient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
We have audited the accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements of Dynacons Systems and 
Solutions Limited.(“the company”),its subsidiary (the company and its subsidiary together referred to as 
“Group”) which comprise the consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2020, the consolidated statement 
of Proﬁt and Loss, changes in equity and the consolidated cash ﬂows Statement for the year then ended, and 
notes to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, including a summary of signiﬁcant accounting policies and 
other explanatory information  (hereinafter referred to as “Ind AS ﬁnancial Statements“)
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 in the manner so 
required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
of the consolidated state of aﬀairs of the Group as at March 31, 2020, of consolidated proﬁt, consolidated  
total comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and its consolidated cash ﬂows for the year on 
that date.
 i) Attention is drawn to Note No.31.10to the consolidated ﬁnancials results, which describes that the 
extent to which the COVID-19 Pandemic will impact the Company’s results in next ﬁnancial year will 
depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain.
 ii) The opinion expressed in the present report is based on theinformation, facts and inputs made 
available to us through electronic means by the Company.We wish to highlight that due to the COVID-
19 induced restrictions on physical movement and strict timelines, the entire audit team could not visit 
the oﬃce of the Company for undertaking the required audit procedures as prescribed under ICAI 
issued Standards on Auditing, including but not limited to:
Emphasis of Matters 
  • Inspection, Observation, examination and veriﬁcation of the original documents of invoices, legal 
agreements, bank accounts statements / loan accounts statements and ﬁles.
To the Members of Dynacons Systems and Solutions Limited.
  • Any other processes which required physical presence of the audit team.
  • Participation in the year end activity of physical veriﬁcation of Cash, Inventories and Property, Plant 
and Equipment carried on by the management as on March 31, 2020, however we have performed 
alternate audit procedures / reconciliation of such items to obtain suﬃcient appropriate audit 
evidence about existence of Cash, Inventories and Property, Plant and Equipment as at the year end.  
Our opinion is not modiﬁed in respect of these matters.
135
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 137 =====
136
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Group Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the Board’s report and Management Discussion and Analysis, but does 
not include the Secretarial Audit Report, Consolidated ﬁnancial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
The Board’s report and Management Discussion and Analysis is expected to be made to us after the date of 
this auditor’s report. Our opinion on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements does not cover the other 
information and we do not express any form of assurance or conclusion thereon. 
Key Audit Matters
A) Revenue for the Company consists primarily of sale of goods recognized and provision of services as per 
the accounting policy described in Note 2.2 to the accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements. 
Refer Note 24 for details of revenue recognized during the year.
 •  Veriﬁed the customer contracts for delivery terms veriﬁed the customer acknowledgements to 
evidence proof of delivery for domestic sales at or near period end.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be 
materially misstated.
Under Standards on Auditing 240 ‘The auditor’s responsibilities relating to fraud in an audit of ﬁnancial 
statements’, there is a presumed risk that revenue may be misstated owing to the  improper recognition of 
revenue.
Auditors Response
When we read the Board’s report and Management Discussion and Analysis, if we conclude that there is a 
material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance 
and make disclosures and take speciﬁc actions as per applicable laws and regulations, if required.
The Company recognizes revenue from sale of goods when it satisﬁes its performance obligation, in 
accordance with the principles of Ind AS 115, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, adopted by the 
Company from the current year, by transferring the control of goods to its customers through delivery 
evidenced by acknowledgement of receipt of goods by such customers. Considering the large volume of 
revenue transactions near period end, there may be a risk of revenue recognition occurring before the 
satisfaction of the performance obligations by the company in accordance with the applicable Incoterms.
- Tested operating eﬀectiveness of the above identiﬁed key controls over revenue recognition near period 
end.
- Evaluated design and implementation of the key controls around revenue recognition including controls 
around contract approvals, invoice veriﬁcation, transporter conﬁrmations and customer 
acknowledgements.
-  Obtained an understanding of the revenue and receivable business process, and assessed the 
appropriateness of the accounting policy adopted by the company for revenue recognition.
-  For samples selected from revenue recorded during speciﬁc period, before and after year end:
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most signiﬁcance in our audit 
of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements of thecurrent period. These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do 
not provide a separate opinion on thesematters.We have determined the matters described below to be the 
key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
Our audit work included,but was not limited to, thefollowing procedures:     
===== PDF PAGE 138 =====
137
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group is also responsible for overseeing 
the ﬁnancial reporting process of the Group.
Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
In preparing the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies 
included in the Group are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, 
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
The responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and for preventing and detecting frauds and 
other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal ﬁnancial controls, that were operating eﬀectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the ﬁnancial statements that give a true 
and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Sec 134(5) of companies 
Act 2013 with respect to the presentation andof these consolidated ﬁnancial statements in term of 
therequirements of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) that give a true and fair view of the consolidated 
ﬁnancial position, consolidated ﬁnancial performance and consolidated cash ﬂows of the Group in 
accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the 
Accounting Standards speciﬁed under section 133 of the Act. 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated ﬁnancial statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conductedinaccordancewithSAswillalwaysdetectamaterialmisstatement when it exists. Misstatements can 
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to inﬂuence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
 • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a 
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than forone resulting from error, as fraud may 
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internalcontrol.
 • Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast signiﬁcant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
 • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by management.
 • Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also 
responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate internal ﬁnancial 
controls system in place and the operating eﬀectiveness of such controls.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 139 =====
138
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid 
consolidated Ind AS ﬁnancial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of 
those books and the reports of the otherauditors.
concern.Ifweconcludethatamaterialuncertaintyexists,wearerequired ﬁnancial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the 
Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
Other Matters
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated Ind AS ﬁnancial statements comply with the Accounting 
Standards speciﬁed under Section 133 of the Act read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) 
Rules,2014.
1. We did not audit the ﬁnancial statements of  Dynacons System & Solution System PTE Ltd, a wholly 
owned subsidiary and located outside India whose ﬁnancial statements reﬂect total assets (net ) of 
Rs.90.03/-(lakhs) as on March 31, 2020 and total income of Rs. 90.41/- lakhs for the year ended on that 
date, as considered in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. These unaudited ﬁnancial statements have 
been furnished to us by the management and our opinion on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, in so 
far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries is based solely on 
the unaudited ﬁnancial statements presented to us by the management. Our opinion on the consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements is not modiﬁed in respect of this matter. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were 
of most signiﬁcance in the audit of the ﬁnancial statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about 
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated 
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the 
public interest beneﬁts of such communication.
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated ﬁnancialInd As ﬁnancial 
statements.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report, to the extent applicable, that:
(c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Proﬁt and Loss, ( including other 
comprehensive income ) the consolidated change in equity and the consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose 
of preparation of the consolidated Ind AS ﬁnancialstatements.
 • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated ﬁnancial statements represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that achieve fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and signiﬁcant audit ﬁndings, including any signiﬁcant deﬁciencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters 
that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
===== PDF PAGE 140 =====
 i. The Consolidated Financial Statements have disclosed the impact of pending litigations as on March 
31, 2020 on its ﬁnancial position in its Consolidated Ind AS ﬁnancial statements Refer to Note No 31.5.
(f) With respect to the adequacy of internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting of the Group and the 
operating eﬀectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on 
31stMarch, 2020 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company,none of the directors 
are disqualiﬁed as on 31stMarch, 2020 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of 
theAct.
 ii. The Consolidated Financial Statement have long term contracts as at March 31, 2020 for which there 
are no material foreseeable losses. The Consolidated Financial Statement do not have derivative 
contracts as at March 31, 2020.
(g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given to us:
 iii. There was no amount required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company and its subsidiaries during the year ended March 31, 2020.
Membership No.: 08684
UDIN20008684AAAAAQ6831
M. S. PARIKH
Firm Registration : 107565W
Partner                 
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
For M S P & CO.      
Chartered Accountants
139
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 141 =====
140
We have audited the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting of Dynacons Systems& Solutions 
Limited. (“the Company”) as of March 31, 2020 in conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal ﬁnancial controls 
based on the internal control over ﬁnancial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the 
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities 
include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal ﬁnancial controls that were 
operating eﬀectively for ensuring the orderly and eﬃcient conduct of its business, including adherence to 
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable ﬁnancial 
information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the Company’s internal ﬁnancial controls system over ﬁnancial reporting.
Auditors’ Responsibility
ANNEXURE “A” FORMING PART OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal 
ﬁnancial controls system over ﬁnancial reporting and their operating eﬀectiveness. Our audit of internal 
ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal ﬁnancial controls 
over ﬁnancial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the 
design and operating eﬀectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the 
ﬁnancial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”).
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial 
reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, 
issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent 
applicable to an audit of internal ﬁnancial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls 
and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting was established and 
maintained and if such controls operated eﬀectively in all material respects.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
A company's internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal 
ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with 
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance 
===== PDF PAGE 142 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
141
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to explanation given to us,  the Company has, in all 
material respects, an adequate internal ﬁnancial controls system over ﬁnancial reporting and such internal 
ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting were operating eﬀectively as at March 31, 2020, based on the 
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over 
Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's 
assets that could have a material eﬀect on the ﬁnancial statements.
Because of the inherent limitations of internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal ﬁnancial controls over 
ﬁnancial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial 
reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
For M S P & CO.      
Chartered Accountants
Partner                 
Firm Registration : 107565W
UDIN20008684AAAAAQ6831
M. S. PARIKH
Membership No.: 08684
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
===== PDF PAGE 143 =====
44142
  (i) Investments  4 1.07 0.89 
     Particulars Note No. As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
 (b) Financial Assets    
1 Non-current assets     
 (a) Property, Plant and Equipment 2 178.67 249.60 
      
A ASSETS
 (b) Right-of-use asset  3 195.60 -   
 (c) Financial Assets    
 (d) Deferred Tax Assets (Net) 17 11.49 -
       386.83 250.49 
2 Current assets     
 (a) Inventories   5 871.85 1,679.15 
  (ii) Cash and cash equivalents 7 393.69 790.50 
  (iii) Bank balances other than mentioned in 
   cash and cash equivalents 8 1,350.78 1,082.43 
 (c) Other Current Assets  11 622.60 300.22
       11,917.96 9,840.89
      TOTAL 12,304.80 10,091.38
1 Equity     
 (a) Equity Share Capital  12 917.31 917.31
 (b) Other Equity  13 2,785.30 2,272.77
2 Non-current liabilities
 (a) Financial Liabilities
  (iv) Short-term loans and advances 9 14.21 16.82 
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
  (i) Trade receivables  6 8,399.57 5,961.44 
       3,702.60 3,190.08
  (v) Other Financial Assets 10 265.26 10.33 
  (i) Long-Term Borrowings 14 17.64 30.34
  (ii) Lease Liabilities  15 159.86 -
 (b) Long-Term Provisions  16 111.50 92.40
 (c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 17 - 10.55
       8304.24 6761.09
  (iii) Other Financial Liabiliities 22 21.34 49.96
 (a) Financial Liabilities
  (a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises 
   and small enterprises  2.02 9.60
  (b) Other Current Liabilities 23 480.19 536.26
       297.95 140.22
  (b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than 
   micro enterprises and small enterprises  4,279.91 2,702.37
  (ii) Trade Payables  20
  (c) Lease Liabilities  21 39.03 -
 Notes on Financial Statements 1-31
 (d) Other non-current liabilities 18 8.95 6.93
3 Current liabilities
   TOTAL   12,304.80 10,091.38
  (i) Short-Term Borrowings 19 3,481.75 3,462.91
ST
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31  MARCH, 2020
(` in Lakhs)
M. S. PARIKH
Firm Registration : 107565W
As per our report of even date attached   
Membership No.: 08684
For M S P & CO.      
Chartered Accountants
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Partner                 Dharmesh Anjaria   Ravishankar Singh
Shirish Anjaria    Parag Dalal
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Chairman cum Managing Director  Executive Director
Executive Director   Company Secretary
===== PDF PAGE 144 =====
143
     Particulars Note No. For the year ended For the year ended
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
 (b) Deferred Tax   -22.04 -16.29
 (a) Revenue from Operations 24 32,884.91 31,072.94
 (b) Other Income  25 172.96 117.88
2  Total Revenue   33,057.87 31,190.82
3  EXPENSES
 (a) Purchases of Stock-In-Trade 26 27,640.72 26,996.89
1. INCOME   
 (b) Changes In Inventories Of Stock-In-Trade 27 807.30 -298.37
 (d) Finance Costs  29 758.19 592.91
 (e) Depreciation And Amortisation Expense 2-3 102.57 72.18
 (f) Other Expenses  30 754.88 639.77
4  Total Expenses   32,301.32 30,451.82
5  Proﬁt before tax   756.55 739.00
6  Tax Expense:
 (a) Current Tax   207.21 238.22
       185.17 221.93
8  Other Comprehensive Income
 (i) "Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to
  proﬁt or loss"
 (c) Employee Beneﬁts Expense 28 2,237.65 2,448.44
  Measurement of deﬁned employee beneﬁt plan  -25.80 1.28
  Gains and losses from investments in equity instruments  0.69 0.00
  Diﬀerence in foreign exchange rates  6.17 1.38
 (ii) "Income tax relating to items that will
7  Proﬁt for the year   571.38 517.07
 (i) Basic (In ` )   6.23 6.42
 (ii) Diluted (In ` )   6.23 6.42
  not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss"  6.49 -0.46
10  Earnings per equity share (Proﬁt for the year)
9  Total comprehensive income for the year  558.94 519.27
 
  Notes on Financial Statements 1-31
  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  -12.45 2.19
ST
CONSOLIDATED  PROFIT AND LOSS STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31  MARCH, 2020
(` in Lakhs)
M. S. PARIKH
Chartered Accountants
Partner                 
Membership No.: 08684
As per our report of even date attached   
For M S P & CO.      
Firm Registration : 107565W
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Executive Director   Company Secretary
Dharmesh Anjaria   Ravishankar Singh
Shirish Anjaria    Parag Dalal
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Chairman cum Managing Director  Executive Director
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 145 =====
144
 Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in operating assets:
 Net proﬁt before Tax and extraordinary items  756.55 739.00
  Diﬀerence in  Foreign Exchange Rates  6.90 1.38
  Provisions    19.10 24.75
  Finance Costs   758.19 592.91
  Loss On Investments Written oﬀ  0.51 -
A CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES    
       868.18 665.93
 Operating proﬁt before working Capital  1,624.73 1,404.94
  Inventories    807.30 -298.37
     Particulars  For the year ended For the year ended
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
 Add: Depreciation And Amortisation Expense  102.57 72.18
  (Proﬁt)/Loss on sale of Property, Plant and Equipment  0.00 -0.53
 Changes in current assets and liabilities
  Other current assets   -320.07 -20.99
 Adjustments for increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities:
  Increase/(Decrease) in Current Liabilities & Provision
  Trade receivables   -2,438.13 -2,007.73
  Other current ﬁnancial assets  -520.67 -587.93
  Trade payables   1,569.97 2,123.27
  Other current ﬁnancial liabilities  -28.62 32.08
  Other current liabilities   -83.14 -57.35
  Other non current Liabilities  2.03 0.00
       -992.24 -792.29
 Cash Generated from Operations  632.49 612.65
  Taxes paid    -203.02 -208.65
 Net Cash Flow from operating activities  429.47 404.00
B CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment  -4.96 -40.73
  Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment  0.00 4.00
 Net Cash Used for Investing Activities  -4.96 -36.73
C CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Repayment of Lease Liabiliites  -23.40 0.00
  Payment of Dividend   -45.87 0.00
  Money received against share warrants  0.00 339.75
 Cash and Cash Equivalents as per Note 7  393.69 790.50
 Notes 1 to 31 form integral part of these standalone ﬁnancial statements
  Short-term borrowings (net)  18.85 -16.65
E Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year  790.50 712.39
  Repayment of long-term borrowings  -12.71 -19.36
  Cash on hand   1.53 3.74
  Interest Paid   -758.19 -592.91
  Balances with banks in current accounts  89.88 122.38
 Net cash From Financing Activities  -821.32 -289.16
  Demand deposits with Banks  302.28 664.38
D Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  -396.81 78.11
F Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year  393.69 790.50
 Cash & Cash Equivelant Comprise of
     
ST
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31  MARCH 2020
(` in Lakhs)
Chartered Accountants
For M S P & CO.      
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Partner                 
Firm Registration : 107565W
Membership No.: 08684
As per our report of even date attached   
M. S. PARIKH
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Chairman cum Managing Director  Executive Director
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Shirish Anjaria    Parag Dalal
Executive Director   Company Secretary
Dharmesh Anjaria   Ravishankar Singh
===== PDF PAGE 146 =====
145
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31st March, 2020
 A.   Equity Share Capital (Note No. 12)
As at 31st March 2020  9,17,30,800
As at 1st April 2018  6,90,80,800 
Changes in Equity Share Capital -   
Changes in Equity Share Capital 2,26,50,000 
    Particulars      Equity Share Capital 
As at 31st March 2019  9,17,30,800 
B. Other Equity (Note No. 12)
Total 
(` in Lakhs)
Other items
of  Other
Comprehensive
Income 
(specify 
nature)
Money
received
against share
warrants
Reserves and
Surplus
Securities
Premium
Reserve
Retained
Earnings
Total Comprehensive Income for the year - - - - -   
Issue of Equity Shares - - - (453.00) (453.00)
Balance as at 1st April 2018 98.50 1,424.30 4.21 113.25 1,640.26 
Restated balance at the beginning of the reporting period - - - - -   
Dividends - - - - -   
Changes in accounting policy or prior period errors      -   
Transfer to retained earnings - - - - -   
Income tax -   
Additions during the year 226.50 517.07 2.19 339.75 1,085.52 
Balance as at 31st March 2019 325.00 1,941.37 6.40 - 2,272.78
Balance as at 1st April 2019 325.00 1,941.37 6.40 - 2,272.78 
Restated balance at the beginning of the reporting period - - - - -   
Total Comprehensive Income for the year     
Capial Reserve - 0.73 - - 0.73 
Changes in accounting policy or prior period errors    -   
Transfer to retained earnings - - - - -   
Other Adjustments - (1.28) - - (1.28)
Issue of Equity Shares - - - - -   
Dividend Paid - (45.87) - - (45.87)
Balance as at 31st March 2020 325.00 2,466.35 (6.04) - 2,785.30
Additions during the year - 571.38 (12.45) - 558.94 
As per our report of even date attached   
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration : 107565W
Membership No.: 08684
For M S P & CO.      
Partner                 
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
M. S. PARIKH
Executive Director   Company Secretary
Shirish Anjaria    Parag Dalal
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Dharmesh Anjaria   Ravishankar Singh
Chairman cum Managing Director  Executive Director
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 147 =====
146
2.1. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 The consolidated ﬁnancial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (INR), which is also functional 
currency of the Holding Company. All amounts have been rounded-oﬀ to the nearest lacs unless 
otherwise indicated. Further, amounts below INR 50,000 have been rounded oﬀ to "-" in the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements while rounding oﬀ to the nearest lacs unless otherwise indicated. 
Figures for the previous years have been regrouped/rearranged wherever considered necessary to 
conform to the ﬁgures presented in the current year.
 The consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the ﬁnancial statements of the Parent and all of its 
subsidiary as listed below. The ﬁnancial statements of the subsidiary forming part of these consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements are drawn up to 31 March 2020. All material inter-company transactions and 
balances are eliminated on consolidation.
 c) Basis of Consolidation
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES :
NOTE 1 : Summary of signiﬁcant accounting policies and other explanatory information
1. Company Overview
 a) Statement of compliance and basis of preparation
 The consolidated ﬁnancial statements were approved for issue by the Board of directors on 31st July 
2020.
 b) Functional and presentation currency
 The consolidated ﬁnancial statements  of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the 
Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as amended from time to time.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ST
ENDED 31  MARCH, 2020
 Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd. ('the Holding Company') is an IT solutions company with global 
perspectives and is engaged in providing a comprehensive range of end-to-end solutions to 
customers. Dynacons has the technical expertise and the service delivery infrastructure to serve 
Customers at a level of quality consistent with their expectations. Dynacons helps in the selection of the 
right technology and application that will yield the greatest return and build a business case for 
implementation based on lower Total cost of ownership and higher performance.
 d) Principles for Consolidation
 The consolidated ﬁnancial statements are prepared in accordance with the principles and procedures 
required for the preparation and presentation of consolidated ﬁnancial statements as laid down under 
Ind AS 110 – Consolidated Financial Statements, as speciﬁed in the Ind ASs notiﬁed by the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Amendment Rules, 2016.
 The Group combines the ﬁnancial statements of the Parent and its subsidiary line by line adding 
together like items of assets, liabilities, equity, income and expenses. Intercompany transactions, 
balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised 
losses and gains resulting from intra-group transactions are also eliminated except to the extent 
recoverable value of related assets is lower than their cost to the Group. Proﬁt or loss of subsidiaries 
acquired or disposed during the year is recognised from the eﬀective date of acquisition, or up to the 
 incorporation subsidiary as at
 Country of  % of holding either directly or through
   31-Mar-20 31-Mar-19
Dynacons Systems & Solutions PTE. Ltd Singapore  100 100
Name of the subsidiary
===== PDF PAGE 148 =====
147
 All assets and liabilities are classiﬁed into current and non-current.
 Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group exercises control. The Group controls an entity when 
the Group is exposed to or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the 
ability to aﬀect those returns through its power to direct relevant activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are 
fully consolidated from the date on which the control is transferred to the Group and are deconsolidated 
from the date the control ceases. 
 • It is expected to be realized in, or is intended for sale or consumption in, the company's normal    
operating cycle;
 • It is held primarily for the purpose of being traded;
 Liabilities
 • It is held primarily for the purpose of being traded;
 • It is cash or cash equivalent unless it is restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for 
at least 12 months after the reporting date.
 • The company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 
months after the reporting date.
 • It is expected to be realized within 12 months after the reporting date; or
 All other liabilities are classiﬁed as non-current.
 As per Ind AS 110 - Consolidated Financial Statements prescribed under the Ind ASs notiﬁed by the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016 only the notes involving items which are material need to be 
disclosed. Materiality for this purpose is assessed in relation to the information contained in the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements. Further, additional statutory information disclosed in separate 
ﬁnancial statements of the subsidiary or the Parent having no bearing on the true and fair view of the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the group are not disclosed in the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements.
eﬀective date of disposal, as applicable. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where 
necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted.
 Excess of acquisition cost over the carrying amount of the Parent's share of equity of the acquiree at the 
date of acquisition is recognized as goodwill. In cases where the share of the equity in the acquiree as 
on the date of acquisition is in excess of acquisition cost, such excess of share in equity is recognised 
as 'Capital reserve' and classiﬁed under 'Reserves and Surplus'. 
 e) Current and non-current classiﬁcation
 Assets
 An asset is classiﬁed as current when it satisﬁes any of the following criteria:
 Current assets include current portion of the noncurrent ﬁnancial assets.
 All other assets are classiﬁed as non-current. 
 A liability is classiﬁed as current when it satisﬁes any of the following criteria:
 • It is expected to be settled in the company's normal operating cycle;
 • It is due to be settled within 12 months after the reporting date; or
 Terms of a liability that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the issue of 
equity instruments do not aﬀect its classiﬁcation.
 Current liabilities include current portion of the non-current ﬁnancial liabilities.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities (if any) are classiﬁed as non-current assets and liabilities.
 Operating cycle
 Operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realisation in cash 
or cash equivalents. The Company has ascertained its operating cycle, being a period within 12 months 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 149 =====
148
g) Use of estimates and judgements
 Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised prospectively.
 • Lease classiﬁcation – Note 2.11
for the purpose of classiﬁcation of assets and liabilities as current and non-current.
 f) Basis of measurement
 The Consolidated ﬁnancial statements have been prepared on the historical basis except for the 
following items:
 In preparing these Consolidated ﬁnancial statements, management has made judgements, estimates 
and assumptions that aﬀect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, 
liabilities, income and expenses. Actual result may diﬀer from these estimates.
 Judgements
 Information about judgments made in applying accounting policies that have the most signiﬁcant eﬀect 
on the amounts recognised in the Consolidated ﬁnancial statements is included in the following notes:
 Assumptions and estimation uncertainties
 Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a signiﬁcant risk of resulting in a 
material adjustment in the subsequent period ﬁnancial statements is included in the following notes:
 • Estimation of deferred tax expense and payable – Note 2.15
 • Estimated useful life of property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets – Note 2.9
 • Estimation of deﬁned beneﬁt obligations-– Note 2.14
 • Impairment of trade receivables- Note 2.19 
 When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company uses observable market data as 
 The Company`s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both 
ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial assets and liabilities.
 Fair values are categorised into diﬀerent levels in
 - Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable 
inputs).
 The treasury team regularly reviews signiﬁcant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third 
party information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then the 
valuation team assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that 
these valuations meet the requirements of Ind AS, including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which 
the valuations should be classiﬁed.
 - Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
 h) Measurement of fair values
 The Company has an established control framework with respect to the measurement of fair values. 
This includes a treasury team that has overall responsibility for overseeing all signiﬁcant fair value 
measurements, including Level 3 fair values, and reports directly to the Chief Financial Oﬃcer.
 a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows.
 - Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or 
liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
Net deﬁned beneﬁt(asset)/ liability Fair value of plan assets less present value of 
 deﬁned beneﬁt obligations
Certain ﬁnancial assets and liabilities Fair Value 
(including derivative instruments) 
Items Measurement Basis
===== PDF PAGE 150 =====
149
 i) Proﬁt on sale of investments is determined as the diﬀerence between the sales price and the 
carrying value of the investment upon disposal of investments.
 - the amortised cost of the ﬁnancial liability
2.2.2. Rendering of Services
 Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control is transferred to the 
customer which is usually on dispatch / delivery of goods, based on contracts with the customers. 
far as possible. If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into diﬀerent 
levels of the fair value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety in the 
same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the entire 
measurement.
 or
2.2.1. Sale of goods:
 A receivable represents the Company’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., 
only the passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due). 
 A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Company has received 
consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays 
consideration before the Company transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is 
recognised when the payment is made, or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities 
are recognised as revenue when the Company performs under the contract. 
 Revenue is recognized from rendering of services when the performance obligation is satisﬁed and the 
services are rendered in accordance with the terms of customer contracts. Revenue is measured 
based on the transaction price, which is the consideration, as speciﬁed in the contract with the 
customer. Revenue also excludes taxes collected from customers.
 The ‘eﬀective interest rate’ is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or      
receipts through the expected life of the ﬁnancial instrument to:
 - the gross carrying amount of the ﬁnancial asset ;
2.2.3. Revenue from time and material and job contracts is recognised on output basis measured by units 
delivered, eﬀorts expended, number of transactions processed, etc.
 Contract liabilities
 Trade Receivables
 iii) Interest income or expense is recognised using the eﬀective interest method.
 Revenue is measured based on the transaction price, which is the consideration, adjusted for 
discounts, price concessions, incentives, and returns, if any, as speciﬁed in the contracts with the 
customers. Revenue excludes taxes collected from customers on behalf of the government. Accruals 
for discounts/incentives and returns are estimated (using the most likely method) based on 
accumulated experience and underlying schemes and agreements with customers. Due to the short 
nature of credit period given to customers, there is no ﬁnancing component in the contract. 
2.2.4. Other Income
 In calculating interest income and expense, the eﬀective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying 
 Contract Balances
 The Company recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting 
period during which the change has occurred.
2.2. Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue is recognised upon transfer of control of promised goods to customers in an amount that 
reﬂects the consideration which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods. 
 ii) Dividend income is recognised in proﬁt or loss on the date on which the Company`s right to receive 
payment is established.
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 151 =====
150
 iv) Insurance claims are accounted for on the basis of claims admitted / expected to be admitted and to 
the extent that the amount recoverable can be measured reliably and it is reasonable to expect 
ultimate collection.
 The Company does not recognize RoU assets and lease liabilities for leases with less than twelve 
months of lease term and low-value assets on the date of initial application.
 Eﬀective 01 April 2019, the company adopted Ind AS 116 "Leases" and applied to all lease contracts 
existing on 01 April 2019 using the modiﬁed retrospective method. Accordingly, comparatives for the 
previous year ended 31 March 2019 have not been retrospectively adjusted. The leases which are 
classiﬁed as Right-of-Use (RoU) assets are in the nature of prepaid lease rentals. Therefore, the 
cumulative eﬀect of applying the standard in the retained earnings is not material. 
2.3. Expenditure Recognition 
 Expenses are accounted on the accrual basis and provisions for all known losses and liabilities are 
made. Provisions are made for future unforeseeable factors, which may aﬀect the ultimate proﬁt on 
ﬁxed price software development contracts. Expenses on software development on time-and-material 
basis are accounted for in the year in which it is expended. Expenses incurred for future software 
projects are carried forward and will be adjusted against revenue, based on the completion method. In 
case of new products, which are clearly deﬁned and the costs are attributable to the products, such 
costs are deferred and amortized equally over a period of three to ﬁve years based on Management’s 
evaluation of expected sales volumes and duration of the product life cycle.
2.4. Changes in signiﬁcant accounting policies
amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability. 
However, for ﬁnancial assets that have become credit- impaired subsequent to initial recognition, 
interest income is calculated by applying the eﬀective interest rate to the amortised cost of the ﬁnancial 
asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the 
gross basis.
 Transition to Ind AS 116
2.5. Accounting Standards Issued but not Eﬀective
 Reporting and presentation currency
2.6. Foreign currency translation
 Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period. Exchange 
diﬀerences arising, if any, are recognized in other comprehensive income and held in foreign currency 
translation reserve (FCTR), a component of equity, except to the extent that the translation diﬀerence is 
allocated to non controlling interest. 
 When a foreign operation is disposed oﬀ, the relevant amount recognized in FCTR is transferred to the 
statement of proﬁt and loss as part of the proﬁt or loss on disposal. 
 Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as 
assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the exchange rate prevailing at the 
reporting date.
 The consolidated ﬁnancial statements are presented in Lakhs of Indian Rupees, which is also the 
functional currency of the Parent.
 Cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits with banks. Cash equivalents are short-term 
 Foreign currency transactions and balances 
 Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs ("MCA") notiﬁes new standard or amendments to the existing standards. 
There is no such notiﬁcation which would have been applicable from April 1, 2020.
 For the purpose of presenting consolidated ﬁnancial statements, the assets and liabilities of the 
Company’s foreign operations that have a functional currency other than Indian rupees are translated 
into Indian rupees using exchange rates prevailing at the reporting date. 
2.7. Cash and cash equivalents 
===== PDF PAGE 152 =====
 Cash ﬂows are reported using the indirect method, whereby proﬁt / (loss) before extraordinary items 
and tax is adjusted for the eﬀects of transactions of non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of 
past or future cash receipts or payments. The cash ﬂows from operating, investing and ﬁnancing 
activities of the Company are segregated based on the available information.
2.8. Cash ﬂow statement
 Subsequent expenditure incurred on an item of property, plant and equipment is added to the book 
value of that asset only if this increases the future beneﬁts from the existing asset beyond its previously 
assessed standard of performance.
 The components of assets are capitalized only if the life of the components vary signiﬁcantly and whose 
cost is signiﬁcant in relation to the cost of respective asset. The life of components in assets are 
determined based on technical assessment and past history of replacement of such components in the 
assets.
 Tangible assets are carried at the cost of acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation and 
accumulated impairment, if any. The cost of tangible assets includes non-refundable taxes, duties, 
freight and other incidental expenses related to the acquisition and installation of the respective assets. 
Assets which are retired from active use and are held for disposal are stated at the lower of their net 
book value or net realizable value. Cost of tangible assets not ready for the intended use as at balance 
sheet date are disclosed as “capital work in progress”.
 Impairment testing of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment
balances, (with original maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition), highly liquid 
investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to 
insigniﬁcant risk of changes in value.
2.9. Property, plant and equipment
 Buildings and other equipment
 Buildings and other equipment (comprising plant and machinery, furniture and ﬁttings, electrical 
equipment, oﬃce equipment, computers and vehicles) are initially recognized at acquisition cost, 
including any costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to the location and condition necessary 
for them to be capable of operating in the manner intended by the Group’s management. Buildings and 
other equipment are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any 
impairment losses. Cost of property, plant and equipment not ready for the intended use before 
reporting date is disclosed as capital work in progress.
 Gains or losses arising on the disposal of property, plant and equipment are determined as the 
diﬀerence between the disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the assets and are recognized in 
the statement of proﬁt and loss within other income or other expenses.
 For the purpose of impairment assessment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are 
largely independent cash inﬂows (cash-generating units). As a result, some assets are tested 
individually for impairment and some are tested at cash-generating unit level. Goodwill (if any) is 
allocated to those cash-generating units that are expected to beneﬁt from synergies of a related 
business combination and represent the lowest level within the Group at which management monitors 
goodwill. All individual assets or cash-generating units are tested for impairment whenever events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s (or cash-generating unit’s) 
carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal 
and value-in-use. To determine the value-in-use, management estimates expected future cash ﬂows 
from each cash-generating unit and determines a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the 
present value of those cash ﬂows. The data used for impairment testing procedures are directly linked 
to the Group’s latest approved budget, adjusted as necessary to exclude the eﬀects of future 
reorganizations and asset enhancements. Discount factors are determined individually for each cash 
generating unit and reﬂect current market assessments of the time value of money and asset-speciﬁc 
risk factors. 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
151
===== PDF PAGE 153 =====
152
Type of asset      Estimated useful life (Years)
Plant and equipment     
- Computers – Desktops / Laptops  6
- Computers – Servers / Storages  3
Furniture and ﬁxtures    10
- Computers – Others     2
Vehicles     8
Oﬃce equipment    5
Intangible assets    6
 (i)    the contract involves the use of an identiﬁed asset
 At the date of commencement of the lease, the Company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and a 
corresponding lease liability for all lease arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for leases with a 
term of twelve months or less (short-term leases) and low value leases.
 The estimated useful life of the intangible assets and the amortisation period are reviewed at the end of 
each ﬁnancial year and the amortisation period is revised to reﬂect the changed pattern, if any.
2.10. Research & Development Expenditure
 Revenue expenditure incurred on research is charged to revenue in the year it is incurred.  Assets used 
for research are included in Fixed Assets. Development Expenditure are capitalized only if future 
economic beneﬁts are expected to ﬂow.
2.11. Leases
 Assets costing less than ` 5,000 individually have been fully depreciated in the year of purchase.
 A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identiﬁed asset 
for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
 The Company’s lease asset primarily consist of lease for buildings. The Company assesses whether a 
contract contains a lease, at inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identiﬁed asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identiﬁed asset, 
the Company assesses whether:
 (ii)   the Company has substantially all of the economic beneﬁts from use of the asset through the period 
of the lease and
 (iii)  the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset.
 Impairment losses for cash-generating units reduce ﬁrst the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated 
to that cash generating unit. Any remaining impairment loss is charged pro rata to the other assets in the 
cash-generating unit. With the exception of goodwill, all assets are subsequently reassessed for 
indications that an impairment loss previously recognized may no longer exist. An impairment loss is 
reversed if the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s recoverable amount exceeds its carrying amount.
 Depreciation
 In respect of ﬁxed assets (other than freehold land and capital work-in-progress) acquired during the 
year, depreciation/amortisation is charged on a straight line basis so as to write oﬀ the cost of the assets 
over the useful lives and for the assets acquired prior to 1 April, 2014, the carrying amount as on 1 April, 
2014 is depreciated over the remaining useful life based on an evaluation:
===== PDF PAGE 154 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
153
 For these short-term and low value leases, the Company recognizes the lease payments as an 
operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Certain lease arrangements 
includes the options to extend or terminate the lease before the end of the lease term. ROU assets and 
lease liabilities includes these options when it is reasonably certain that they will be exercised.
 Finance Lease
 The right-of-use assets are initially recognized at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease 
liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement date of the lease plus 
any initial direct costs less any lease incentives. They are subsequently measured at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
 Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the commencement date on a straight-line basis over the 
shorter of the lease term and useful life of the underlying asset. Right-of-use assets are tested for 
impairment whenever there is any indication that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 
Impairment loss, if any, is recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss.
 The lease liability is initially measured at amortized cost at the present value of the future lease 
payments. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or using the 
incremental borrowing rates. Lease liabilities are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to the 
related right of use asset if the Company changes its assessment if whether it will exercise an extension 
or a termination option.
 Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately presented in the Balance Sheet and lease 
payments have been classiﬁed as ﬁnancing cash ﬂows.
 Operating Lease
 Eﬀective 01 April 2019, the Group adopted Ind AS 116 "Leases" and applied to all lease contracts 
existing on 01 April 2019 using the modiﬁed retrospective method. Accordingly, comparatives for the 
previous year ended 31 March 2019 have not been retrospectively adjusted. The leases which are 
classiﬁed as ROU are in the nature of prepaid lease rentals. Therefore, the cumulative eﬀect of applying 
the standard in the retained earnings is not material. 
 Leases under which the company assumes substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are 
classiﬁed as ﬁnance leases. The lower of fair value of asset and present value of minimum lease rentals 
is capitalized as ﬁxed assets with corresponding amount shown as lease liability. The principle 
component in the lease rentals is adjusted against the lease liability and interest component is charged 
to proﬁt and loss account. 
2.13. Investments 
 Investments that are readily realizable and are intended to be held for not more than one year from the 
date on which such investments are made are classiﬁed as current investments. All other investments 
are classiﬁed as long-term investments. Long-term investments other than investment in subsidiaries 
are valued at fair market value. Provision is made for diminution in value to recognize a decline, if any, 
other than that of temporary in nature. Current investments are valued at lower of cost and fair market 
value. Gains or losses that arise on disposal of an investment are measured as the diﬀerence between 
disposal proceeds and the carrying value and are recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss.
 Inventories are valued at the lower of the cost and the net realizable value. Net realisable value is the 
estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and to 
make the sale. Cost is determined on a First in First out basis. A periodic review is made of slow-moving 
stock and appropriate provisions are made for anticipated losses, if any.
2.12. Inventories 
===== PDF PAGE 155 =====
154
2.14. Retirement Beneﬁts to employees 
 i.  Post-employment beneﬁt plans
 For deﬁned beneﬁt schemes, the cost of providing beneﬁts is determined using Projected Unit Credit 
method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at each balance sheet date. Actuarial gains/losses 
are recognized in the period of occurrence under Other Comprehensive Income (OCI). Past service 
cost is recognized to the extent the beneﬁts are already vested, and otherwise is amortized on a 
Straight-Line method over the average period until the beneﬁts become vested. The retirement beneﬁt 
obligation recognized in the balance sheet represents the present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligations as adjusted for unrecognized past service cost.
 ii.  Short-term employee beneﬁts
 Deﬁned contribution plan
 Payment to deﬁned contribution retirement beneﬁt schemes are charged as an expense as they fall 
due. 
 The undiscounted amount of short term employee beneﬁts expected to be paid in exchange of services 
rendered by employees is recognized during the period when the employee renders the service. These 
beneﬁts include performance incentives, paid annual leave, medical allowance, etc.
 Deﬁned Beneﬁt plan
2.15. Income Tax 
 Income tax expense comprises current tax expense and the net change in the deferred tax asset or 
liability during the year. Current and Deferred taxes are recognised in statement of proﬁt and loss, 
except when they relate to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in 
equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income 
or directly in equity, respectively.
 Signiﬁcant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can 
be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable proﬁts. The amount of total 
deferred tax assets could change if estimates of projected future taxable income or if tax regulations 
undergo a change. Deferred income tax asset are recognised to the extent that it is probable that 
taxable proﬁt will be available against which the deductible temporary diﬀerences and the carry forward 
of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are 
measured using substantively enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in 
which the temporary diﬀerences are expected to be received or settled.
2.16. Borrowing Costs
 Borrowing Costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of qualifying assets are capitalised for 
the period until the asset is ready for its intended use. A qualifying asset is an asset that necessarily 
takes substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use. Other borrowing costs are recognised 
as an expense in the period in which they are incurred. 
2.17. Provisions (other than employee beneﬁts)  and contingencies
 A provision is recognised when the Company has a present obligation as a result of past events and it is 
probable that an outﬂow of resources will be required to settle the obligation in respect of which a 
reliable estimate can be made. Provisions (excluding retirement beneﬁts) are not discounted to their 
present value and are determined based on the best estimate required to settle the obligation at the 
balance sheet date. These are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date and adjusted to reﬂect the current 
best estimates. Contingent liabilities are disclosed in the note 31.5 Contingent assets are not 
recognised in the ﬁnancial statements.
===== PDF PAGE 156 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
155
 The group classiﬁes all its foreign operations as either “integral foreign operations” or “non-integral 
foreign operations”. The ﬁnancial statements of an integral foreign operation are translated as if the 
transactions of the foreign operation have been those of the Company itself. The assets and liabilities of 
a non-integral foreign operation are translated into the reporting currency at the exchange rate 
prevailing at the reporting date. Items of proﬁt and loss are translated at the average exchange rates for 
the year. The exchange diﬀerences arising on translation are accumulated in the foreign currency 
translation reserve, a component of equity, except to the extent that the translation diﬀerence is 
allocated to non controlling interest.. On disposal of a non-integral foreign operation, the accumulated 
foreign currency translation reserve relating to that foreign operation is recognized in the Statement of 
proﬁt and loss.
 b. Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
 For the purpose of subsequent measurement ﬁnancial assets are classiﬁed and measured based on 
the entity’s business model for managing the ﬁnancial asset and the contractual cash ﬂow 
characteristics of the ﬁnancial asset at: 
 All ﬁnancial assets are reviewed for impairment at least at each reporting date to identify whether there 
is any objective evidence that a ﬁnancial asset or a group of ﬁnancial assets is impaired. Diﬀerent 
 The provision for an onerous contract is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost 
of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract. Before such a 
provision is made, the Company recognises any impairment loss on the assets associated with that 
contract.
 a. Amortized cost
 c. Fair Value Through Proﬁt and Loss (FVTPL)
2.19. Translation of integral and non-integral foreign operations
 Financial assets (other than trade receivables) and ﬁnancial liabilities are recognized when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the ﬁnancial instrument and are measured 
initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs, except for those carried at fair value through proﬁt 
and loss which are measured initially at fair value. Subsequent measurement of ﬁnancial assets and 
ﬁnancial liabilities are described below. Trade receivables are recognized at their transaction price as 
the same do not contain signiﬁcant ﬁnancing component.
 A contract is considered to be onerous when the expected economic beneﬁts to be derived by the 
Company from the contract are lower than the unavoidable cost of meeting its obligations under the 
contract.
 or
2.18. Transfer pricing
2.20. Financial instruments
 Onerous contracts
 As per the Transfer pricing norms introduced in India with eﬀect from 1 April 2001, the Company is 
required to use certain speciﬁc methods in computing arm’s length price of international transactions 
between the associated enterprises and maintain prescribed information and documents relating to 
such transactions. The appropriate method to be adopted will depend on the nature of 
transactions/class of transactions, class of associated persons, functions performed and other factors, 
which have been prescribed. There were no contracts or arrangements or transactions entered into 
during the year ended March 31, 2020, which were not at arm’s length basis.
 Classiﬁcation and subsequent measurement of ﬁnancial assets
===== PDF PAGE 157 =====
 Financial assets at amortized Cost Includes assets that are held within a business model where the 
objective is to hold the ﬁnancial assets to collect contractual cash ﬂows and the contractual terms gives 
rise on speciﬁed dates to cash ﬂows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding.
criteria to determine impairment are applied for each category of ﬁnancial assets, which are described 
below.
 These assets are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the eﬀective interest method. The 
loss allowance at each reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 12 
months and credit risk exposure. The Company shall also measure the loss allowance for a ﬁnancial 
instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that ﬁnancial 
instrument has increased signiﬁcantly since initial recognition.
 The loss allowance at each reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 
12 months and credit risk exposure. The Company shall also measure the loss allowance for a ﬁnancial 
instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that ﬁnancial 
instrument has increased signiﬁcantly since initial recognition. The loss allowance shall be recognized 
in proﬁt and loss.
 Financial assets at amortized Cost
 The fair value of ﬁnancial assets in this category are determined by reference to active market 
transactions or using a valuation technique where no active market exists. The loss allowance at each 
reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 12 months and credit risk 
exposure. The Company shall also measure the loss allowance for a ﬁnancial instrument at an amount 
equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that ﬁnancial instrument has increased 
signiﬁcantly since initial recognition. The loss allowance shall be recognized in other comprehensive 
income and shall not reduce the carrying amount of the ﬁnancial asset in the balance sheet.
 Financial assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
 Includes assets that are held within a business model where the objective is both collecting contractual 
cash ﬂows and selling ﬁnancial assets along with the contractual terms giving rise on speciﬁed dates to 
cash ﬂows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. At 
initial recognition, the Company, based on its assessment, makes an irrevocable election to present in 
other comprehensive income the changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument that 
is not held for trading. These selections are made on an instrument-by- instrument (i.e.., share-by-
share) basis. If the Company decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value 
changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, impairment gains or losses and foreign exchange 
gains and losses, are recognized in other comprehensive income. There is no recycling of the amounts 
from OCI to proﬁt or loss, even on sale of investment. The dividends from such instruments are 
recognized in statement of proﬁt and loss.
 Financial assets at Fair Value Through Proﬁt and Loss (FVTPL)
 Financial assets at FVTPL include ﬁnancial assets that are designated at FVTPL upon initial recognition 
and ﬁnancial assets that are not measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. All derivative ﬁnancial instruments fall into this category, except for those 
designated and eﬀective as hedging instruments, for which the hedge accounting requirements apply. 
Assets in this category are measured at fair value with gains or losses recognized in proﬁt or loss. The 
fair value of ﬁnancial assets in this category are determined by reference to active market transactions 
or using a valuation technique where no active market exists.
156
===== PDF PAGE 158 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
 - other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over 
the expected life of the ﬁnancial instrument) has not increased signiﬁcantly since initial recognition.
 When determining whether the credit risk of a ﬁnancial asset has increased signiﬁcantly since initial 
recognition and when estimating expected credit losses, the Company considers reasonable and 
supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or eﬀort. This includes both 
quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Company’s historical experience 
and informed credit assessment and including forward- looking information.
 The Company measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses, except 
for the following, which are measured as 12 month expected credit losses:
 Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected 
credit losses.
 Loss allowances for ﬁnancial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying 
amount of the assets.
 Presentation of allowance for expected credit losses in the balance sheet
 Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured 
as the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the diﬀerence between the cash ﬂows due to the 
Company in accordance with the contract and the cash ﬂows that the Company expects to receive).
 The Company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses on:
 Impairment
 - debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and
 Write-oﬀ
 a) Impairment of ﬁnancial instruments
 Financial assets measured at amortised cost;
 At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether ﬁnancial assets are carried at amortised cost. A 
ﬁnancial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the 
estimated future cash ﬂows of the ﬁnancial asset have occurred.
 12-month expected credit losses are the portion of expected credit losses that result from default events 
that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the 
instrument is less than 12 months).
 Measurement of expected credit losses
 The Company’s non-ﬁnancial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at 
each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication 
exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.
 For impairment testing, assets that do not generate independent cash inﬂows are grouped together into 
cash-generating units (CGUs). Each CGU represents the smallest group of assets that generates cash 
inﬂows that are largely independent of the cash inﬂows of other assets or CGUs.
 b) Impairment of non-ﬁnancial assets
 The gross carrying amount of a ﬁnancial asset is written oﬀ (either partially or in full) to the extent that 
there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Company determines that 
the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate suﬃcient cash ﬂows to repay 
the amounts subject to the write-oﬀ.
157
===== PDF PAGE 159 =====
 The recoverable amount of a CGU (or an individual asset) is the higher of its value in use and its fair 
value less costs to sell. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash ﬂows, discounted to their 
present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reﬂects current market assessments of the time value of 
money and the risks speciﬁc to the CGU (or the asset).
2.21. Earnings per share
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net proﬁt or loss for the period attributable 
to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are 
adjusted for the eﬀects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
 An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its estimated 
recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in the Consolidated statement of proﬁt and 
loss. Impairment loss recognised in respect of a CGU is allocated ﬁrst to reduce the carrying amount of 
any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets of the 
CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.
 Basic earnings per equity share is calculated by dividing the net proﬁt or loss for the period attributable 
to equity shareholders (after deducting attributable taxes) by the weighted average number of equity 
shares outstanding during the period. The weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
during the period is adjusted for events including a bonus issue, bonus element in a rights issue to 
existing shareholders, share split and reverse share split (consolidation of shares). In this scenario, the 
number of equity shares outstanding increases without an increase in resources due to which the 
number of equity shares outstanding before the event is adjusted for the proportionate change in the 
number of equity shares outstanding as if the event had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period 
reported. 
158
===== PDF PAGE 160 =====
159
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars 
Net Block      
Balance as at 31 March 2019 8.43 135.10 2.85 280.37 426.74 
Gross block  
Accumulated depreciation/amortisation      
Depreciation for the year 0.82 19.78 0.47 51.11 72.18 
Disposals - 16.53 - - 16.53 
Balance as at 1 April 2019 6.86 114.90 1.65 126.19 249.60 
Reversal on disposal of assets - - - - -   
Additions 4.96 - - - 4.96 
Depreciation for the year 1.04 20.51 0.42 53.92 75.89 
Balance as at 31 March 2020 13.39 135.10 2.85 280.37 431.70 
Additions - 39.40 1.33 - 40.73
Balance as at 1 April 2018 0.75 13.48 0.72 103.06 118.01 
Balance as at 31 March 2019 1.57 20.19 1.20 154.17 177.14 
Balance as at 31 March 2020 2.62 40.71 1.61 208.09 253.03 
Balance as at 31 March 2020 10.77 94.39 1.24 72.27 178.67 
Balance as at 1 April 2018 8.43 112.22 1.52 280.37 402.54 
Disposals - - - - -   
Reversal on disposal of assets - 13.06 - - 13.06 
Furnitures & 
Fixtures 
Vehicles 
(Cars) 
Oﬃce 
Equipment Computer TOTAL 
Charge has been created over property, plant and equipments of the company in regard to borrowings (Refer 
note 19.1) 
st
Notes forming part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended  31  March, 2020
2.        PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 161 =====
160
(` in Lakhs)
Notes forming part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended  31  March, 2020st
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
 Investments designated at fair value through Other 
 Comprehensive Income       
  Kapol Co-op Bank Ltd  - 0.51 
3 RIGHT OF USE ASSET       
 Balance as at 31-03-2019  -    
 Adjustment on Transition to IND AS 116  222.29  
 Balance as at 31-03-2020  222.29  
 Balance as at 31-03-2019  -    
 Disposals / Adjustments  -    
 Charge for the year   26.68  
 Other Adjustments   -    
 Net carrying amount :       
 Balance as at 31-03-2020  26.68  
 Gross Carrying Value :       
 As at 31-03-2019   -    
 As at 31-03-2020   195.60  
 Accumulated depreciation :       
4 NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS - INVESTMENTS       
 Particulars Leased Premises  LEASED PREMISES 
 (ii) In Equity Shares - Unquoted, fully paid up       
  ( (31st March, 2019 - 5,125) Equity Shares of ` 10 each)       
 (iii) In Equity Shares - Quoted, fully paid up       
  Bank Baroda Limited  1.07 0.38 
  (2,000 (31st March, 2019 - 2,000) Equity Shares of 
  ` 10 each fully paid up)       
       1.07 0.89 
 Inventories of Rs. 871.85 lakhs  (as at 31st March, 2019: Rs. 1,679.15 lakhs) are hypothecated 
against working capital facilities from banks.  (Refer note 19.1)     
 (iii) The Company has made an irrevocable election of accounting policy as at the adoption date 01 
April 2016 to fair value investment in equity instrument through Other Comprehensive Income 
(‘OCI’).        
 Stock-in-trade   871.85 1679.15 
  Total    1.07 0.89 
 Total     871.85 1679.15 
5 INVENTORIES       
 (valued at lower of cost and net realisable value)       
===== PDF PAGE 162 =====
161
(` in Lakhs)
 (Unsecured and Considered Good)       
 (Unsecured and Considered Good)       
 Trade Receivables considered good - Unsecured;  8,399.57 5,961.44 
 Cash on hand   1.53 3.74 
       8,399.57   5,961.44 
 Balances with banks in current accounts  89.88 122.38 
 Less Provision for expected credit loss  - -   
 Trade Receivables considered good - Secured  - -   
 Demand deposits with Banks  302.28 664.38 
 Deposits  Accounts of Rs. 302.28 lakhs (As at 31st March, 2019 Rs. 664.38) pledged  for facilities 
from Banks.  (Refer Note 19.1)       
9 SHORT TERM LOANS AND ADVANCES       
11 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS       
 6.1  Trade Receivables of Rs. 8,399.57 lakhs  (as at 31st March, 2019: Rs. 5961.44 lakhs) are hypothecated 
against working capital facilities from banks. (Refer note 19.1) 
 Trade Receivables - credit impaired  - -   
8 BANK BALANCES OTHER THAN MENTIONED 
IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS       
 (Unsecured and Considered Good)       
6.2  The carrying amount of the Trade Receivables are considered as a reasonable approximation of fair 
value as it is expected to be collected within twelve months, hence no provision is made for Expected 
credit Losses
 -Balances with bank held as margin money  1,350.78 1,082.43 
 Security Deposits   265.26 10.33 
 Advance income tax (Net of provisions)  622.60 300.22 
6 TRADE RECEIVABLES       
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
 Trade Receivables which have signiﬁcant increase in Credit Risk; - -   
7 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS       
 Total     8,399.57 5,961.44 
 Total     393.69 790.50 
 Total     1,350.78 1,082.43 
10 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS       
 Total     622.60 300.22
 -Loans Receivables considered good - Unsecured  14.21 16.82 
 Total     265.26 10.33 
 Loans & Advances to employees       
 -Loans Receivables considered good - Unsecured  - -   
 Other loans and advances       
 Total     14.21 16.82 
Notes forming part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended  31  March, 2020st
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 163 =====
162
Particulars 
st
As at 31  March, 2019
No. of 
Shares Amt No. of 
Shares Amt 
st 
As at 31 March, 2020
Equity Shares at the end of the year  9,173,080  917.31   6,908,080   690.81 
Issued during the year  2,265,000 226.50  530,000  53.00
Equity Shares at the beginning of the year 6,908,080  690.81  6,378,080   637.81
 12.1.  The reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding is set out below : 
Name of Shareholder
st
As at 31  March, 2019
Number of
Shares Held
st 
As at 31 March, 2020
Nilam Anjaria   3,64,602 5.28 3,64,602  5.28
Shirish Mansingh Anjaria 6,20,948 8.99 6,20,948  8.99 
Dharmesh Shirish Anjaria 6,36,220 9.21 6,36,220  9.21 
Parag Jitendra Dalal  6,27,200 9.08 6,27,200  9.08 
12.2   The details of Shareholders holding more than 5% shares : 
Number of
Shares Held
%
holding
%
holding
12.6 The Company declares entitled and pays dividends in Indian Rupees. The Board of Directors in their 
meeting held on August 14, 2019, declared an interim dividend of ` 0.50/- per share on the nominal 
value of ` 10/-each and paid to all the eligible shareholders on August 26, 2019. The interim dividend 
paid is considered as the ﬁnal dividend for the ﬁnancial year ended 31st March, 2020.    
12.5 During the 5 years immediately preceding the balance sheet date, there were no equity shares allotted 
as fully paid up pursuant to contract without payment being received in cash, no bonus shares were  
issued and there was no buy-back of equity shares of the Company.       
12.4 The company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 10 per share. Each 
shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders 
are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the company in proportion to their shareholdings.       
12.3 As per records of the company, including its register of shareholders/members and other declarations 
received from shareholders regarding beneﬁcial interest, the above shareholding represents the both 
legal and beneﬁcial ownership of shares.       
(` in Lakhs)
  (Previous Year 30,000,000 Equity shares of `10 each)       
12 EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL       
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
 (a) Authorised Share Capital       
  30,000,000 Equity shares of `10 each  3,000.00 3,000.00
 (b) Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid up :       
  (91,73,080 Equity shares of ` 10 each)  917.31 917.31
  (Previous year 91,73,080  Equity shares of ` 10 each)
Notes forming part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended  31  March, 2020st
===== PDF PAGE 164 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
163
13 OTHER EQUITY
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
  Add : Consolidation of Susidiary Investments  0.73 -   
 Retained earnings   2,275.15 1,750.91 
 Other comprehensive income  -6.05 6.40 
 Capital Reserve   0.73 -   
 General reserve   190.46 190.46 
 Total     2,785.30 2,272.77
 The movement in Other Equity:       
 (a) Capital Reserve       
  Opening Balance   - -   
 Securities premium account  325.00 325.00 
  Total    0.73 -   
  Add : Premium on shares issued during the year  - 226.50 
 (c) General reserve       
  As per last Balance Sheet  190.46 190.46 
  General reserve represents an appropriation of proﬁts 
by the Company, which can be utilised for purposes 
such as dividend payout etc.       
 (b) Securities premium account       
 (d) Surplus in Statement of Proﬁt and Loss       
  Less : Dividend Distributed  -45.87 -   
  Total    325.00 325.00 
  Less : Adjustment of Balance in deﬁned 
  employee beneﬁt plan  -1.28  -   
  Add: Proﬁt for the year  571.38 517.07 
       2,275.15 1,750.91 
  Surplus in Statement of Proﬁt and Loss comprises 
of prior years’ undistributed earnings after taxes, 
which can be utilised for purposes such as dividend 
payout etc..       
 (e) Money received against share warrants  - 113.25 
  Securities premium account represents premium 
received on equity shares issued, which can be utilised 
only in accordance with the provisions of the Act.       
  As per last Balance Sheet  1,750.91 1,233.84 
  Add : Monies received during the year  - 339.75 
  As per last Balance Sheet  325.00 98.50 
       - 453.00 
  Total reserves and surplus  2,791.34 2,266.37 
  Less : Issue of Shares  - 226.50 
  The Company had alloted 22,65,000 equity shares of 
Rs. 10/- each issued at premium of Rs.10/- during the 
Previous ﬁnancial year 2018-19 to the Promoters & 
Non-Promoters on a preferential basis pursuant to 
conversion of warrants. These shares are ranking 
pari-passu with the old equity shares of the company.       
       - -   
  Less : Transfer to Securities Premium Account  - 226.50 
(` in Lakhs)
Notes forming part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended  31  March, 2020st
===== PDF PAGE 165 =====
164
(` in Lakhs)
14.1  Nature of Security & terms of Repayment of secured borowing :       
14.2   Other Details
  Balance at the end of the year  -6.05 6.40 
14  Long-Term Borrowings       
  Total    17.64 30.34 
  (f) Other comprehensive income       
 b) Term loans from Other Parties were Secured by way of ﬁrst mortgage / charge on the Vehicles 
of the Company       
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
  Balance at the beginning of the year  6.40 4.21 
  Total Other Equity   2,785.30 2,272.77
  Secured       
  Term Loans        
  From Banks   17.64 23.16 
  Add : Movement during the year  -12.45 2.19 
  From Others   - 7.18 
 a) Term loans from banks are Secured by way of ﬁrst mortgage / charge on the Plant & Machinery 
of the Company       
Notes forming part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended  31  March, 2020st
 Particulars         Date of 
Maturity 
Number of 
Installments 
Due 
A From Banks      
 Yes Bank Ltd  Motor Car 15-Oct-22 18.00 8.78%
 ICICI Bank Ltd  Motor Car 01-Jul-21 4.00 9.36%
Applicable
Rate of
Interest 
Security
Coverd 
 i) Provision for other deﬁned beneﬁt plans       
   - Gratuity (Refer Note 31.2)  108.78 65.74 
 ii) Leave Encashment  2.72 26.66 
  Total    111.50 92.40
16 LONG TERM PROVISIONS       
15 OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES       
       159.86 -   
 Lease Liabilities   159.86 -
 Provision for employee beneﬁts:        
===== PDF PAGE 166 =====
165
(` in Lakhs)(b)      Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income 
For the year ended st
31  March, 2020 
For the year ended st
31  March, 2019 
Particulars Before
tax
Tax 
(expense)
beneﬁt
Net 
of tax
Before
tax
Tax 
(expense)
beneﬁt
Net 
of tax
Remeasurement of the deﬁned 
beneﬁt plans (18.94) 6.49  (12.45) 2.65  (0.46) 2.19 
Items that will not be reclassiﬁed 
to proﬁt or loss
  (18.94) 6.49  (12.45) 2.65  (0.46) 2.19 
Notes forming part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended  31  March, 2020st
(c)      Reconciliation of eﬀective tax rate
 Particulars         
Permanent Diﬀerence  -3.87% (5.95) - -   
Proﬁt before tax    756.55  739.00 
Others     0.35% 0.72 - -   
TOTAL     -3.51% (5.24) - -   
Tax using the Company’s domestic tax rate 25.17% 190.41 30.03% 221.93 
Eﬀective income tax rate  21.65% 185.17 30.03% 221.93
Tax eﬀect of:     
For the year ended st
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst
31  March, 2019
% Amount % Amount
(` in Lakhs)
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
17 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY NET       
(a) Amounts recognized in proﬁt and loss       
  Current tax expense (A)       
  In respect of current year  -22.04 -16.29
  Tax expense recognized in the 
  income statement (A+B+C)  185.17 221.93
  In respect of current year  207.21 238.22 
  Deferred tax expense (B)       
  Adjustments for earlier years (C)  - -   
(d)      Movement in deferred tax
Property, plant and equipment 0.00 0.00 23.17 33.76 23.17 33.76 
Lease Rentals  0.83 0.00 0.00 0.00 (0.83) 0.00 
DeferredProvisions - employee benefits 33.83 23.21 0.00 0.00 (33.83) (23.21)
Deferred tax (assets) liabilities 34.66 23.21 23.17 33.76 (11.49) 10.55
Net deferred tax 
(assets) / liabilityDeferred tax liabilities Deferred tax (assets) 
Particulars
31 March,
2020 
31 March, 
2019 
31 March,
2020 
31 March, 
2019 
31 March,
2020 
31 March, 
2019 
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 167 =====
166
Notes forming part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended  31  March, 2020st
(` in Lakhs)
19.1 Working capital loans are secured by hypothecation of present and future stock, book debts, 
outstanding monies, receivables, claims, bills, material in transit, Bank Fixed Deposits and Fixed 
Assets and personal guarantees of directors.        
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
 Unpaid Dividends   2.03 -   
 Other Payables*   6.93 6.93 
 Total     8.95 6.93 
 Secured       
19 Short Term Borrowings       
 Working Capital Loans :       
 From Banks    3,481.75 3,462.91
20 TRADE PAYABLES       
18 OTHER NON CURRENT LIABILITIES       
 * Includes staﬀ dues.       
 Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises 
 and small enterprises   2.02 9.60 
 Total outstanding dues of creditors other than 
 micro enterprises and small enterprises  4,279.91 2,702.37 
 Total     4,281.93 2,711.97 
 Note:
 The Company has certain dues to suppliers registered under the Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act). The disclosures pursuant to the said MSMED Act 
are as follows :
 Disclosure of payable to vendors as deﬁned under the  “Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises 
Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act) is based on the information available with the Company  
regarding the status of registration of such vendors under the said Act, as per the intimation received 
from them on requests made by the Company. There are no overdue principal amounts/interest payable 
amounts for delayed payments to such vendors at the Balance Sheet date. There are no delays in 
payment made during the year.   
 Total     3,481.75 3,462.91
Amount of further interest remaining due and payable  - -
Interest due and unpaid on the above amount  - -   
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
Principal amount due and remaining unpaid  2.02 9.60 
Interest accrued and remaining unpaid  - -   
Payment made beyond the appointed day during the year - -   
Interest paid by the Company in terms of section 16 of the Micro, 
Small and Medium enterprises Act, 2006  - -   
Interest due and payable for the period of delay  - -   
===== PDF PAGE 168 =====
167
Notes forming part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended  31  March, 2020st
(` in Lakhs)
21 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITES - LEASE       
 Total     21.34 49.96 
 Total     480.19 536.26 
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
 Lease Liabilities   39.03 -   
       39.03 -
22 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES       
 Current maturities of long-term debt  21.34 49.96
 Refer Notes No. 14.1       
23 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES       
 Other Payables*   480.19 536.26
24 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS       
 Revenue from Information Technology Products  32,884.91 31,072.94 
a) The Company is engaged in systems Integration which includes the sales of products and services as a 
complete solution       
b) Disaggregate Revenue       
 Total     32,884.91 31,072.94 
 Total revenue from contracts with customers       
 India     29,595.59 30,371.88 
 Export (Including deemed export)  3,198.91 -   
 Singapore (1)   90.41 701.05 
 Total     32,884.91 31,072.94 
 * includes statutory dues and others       
 (1) Related to operations in  Singapore       
c) Reconciliation between revenue with customers 
 and contracted price:       
 Revenue as per contracted price  34,785.81 31,485.96 
 Less: Adjustements       
 The table below presents disaggregated revenues of the Company from contracts with customers by 
geography. The Company believes that this disaggregation best depicts how the nature, amount, timing 
and uncertainty of its revenues and cash ﬂows are aﬀected by industry, market and other economic 
factors.        
 Sales return    (1900.90) (413.02)
 Revenue from contracts with Customers  32,884.91 31,072.94  
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
===== PDF PAGE 169 =====
168
(` in Lakhs)
Notes forming part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended  31  March, 2020st
27 CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE       
 Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are 
 generally on terms of 90 to 120 days.
 Stock-in-Trade   871.85 1,679.15 
 Salaries and wages   2,056.79 2,257.79 
 c)  Others    345.19 181.84 
 Trade receivables   8,399.57 5,961.44 
25 Other Income       
 Total     8,399.57 5,961.44 
 Interest income   170.25 117.35 
       758.19   592.91 
d) Contract balances       
 Allowance as per Expected credit loss model   -     -   
 Total     172.96 117.88 
 The following table provides information about receivables from contracts with customers:        
26 PURCHASES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE       
       871.85   1,679.15
 Inventories at commencement       
     Particulars  As at  As at 
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019  
 Others #     2.71 0.00 
 Inventories at close       
 Stock-in-Trade   1,679.15 1,380.78 
       1,679.15 1,380.78 
 Total     807.30 -298.37
 Total     27,640.72 26,996.89 
 Staﬀ Welfare Expenses   59.64 44.25 
 Other Non-Operating Income  - 0.53 
 # includes Miscellaneous income   
 Purchases of Information Technology Products  27,640.72 26,996.89 
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE       
 Contributions to provident and other funds  121.23 146.40 
 Total     2,237.65 2,448.44 
29 FINANCE COST       
 a) Interest on ﬁnancial liabilities carried at amortised cost       
 b)  Interest on borrowings  6.37 -   
 c)  Other interest cost   322.13 333.66 
       84.50 77.41 
===== PDF PAGE 170 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
       31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019 
 Conveyance    154.69 182.76 
 -  Audit Fees    8.55 7.20 
 i Construction or acquisition of any asset       
 Total     8.55 7.20 
30.3 Miscellaneous Expenses includes oﬃce Expense postage & telegram exp etc
 Travelling Expenses   110.80 56.13 
 ii On purposes other than (i) above 2.56   4.72   7.28 
 (a) Amount required to be spent by the Company  7.28   -   
30.4 Details of corporate social responsibility expenditure  
 Total     265.49 238.88 
 CSR Comitteee has identiﬁed & approved projects for the balance amount  which will be paid in due course.
30.2 Conveyance And Travelling Expenses       
30.1 Auditors Remuneration       
 (b) for the ﬁnancial year ended 31st March, 2020 In Cash Yet to be paid in Cash Total
 - Other     - -   
169
Notes forming part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended  31  March, 2020st
(` in Lakhs)
     Particulars As at  As at 
      31 March, 2020 31 March, 2019 
Rent       58.27 79.99 
Auditors Remuneration   8.55 7.20 
Electricity Expenses   10.59 10.49 
Communication Expenses   39.86 13.24 
Conveyance And Travelling Expenses  265.49 238.88 
Insurance Charges   11.70 10.15 
Legal & Professional Charges  138.87 93.54 
Membership & Subscription   2.06 3.13 
Miscellaneous Expenses   26.72 26.46 
Motor Car Expenses   6.14 4.69 
Corporate social responsibility expenditure  2.56 -   
Printing & Stationary Expenses  8.79 10.59 
Rates & Taxes     6.54 15.45 
Repairs & Maintenance -Building  2.57 2.76 
Repairs & Maintenance - Others  6.78 3.90 
Loss On Investments Written oﬀ  0.51 -   
Sales Promotion Expenses   16.50 20.58 
Bank Charges     18.28 10.48 
Transportation Charges   124.09 88.24 
Total       754.88 639.77
30      OTHER EXPENSES
===== PDF PAGE 171 =====
63
Additional Information to the ﬁnancial statements
31.1. Earnings per share (EPS)
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Weighted Number of Equity Shares Nos. Lakhs 91.73 80.56
  March 31, 2020 March 31, 2019
Proﬁt after Tax (`/lakhs) 571.38 517.07
Particulars Units Year Ended Year Ended
Earnings Per Share (of paid up ` 6.23 6.42Value of ` 10 each) Basic 
Earnings Per Share (of paid up ` 6.23 6.42Value of ` 10 each) Diluted 
 Gratuity is payable to all the members at the rate of 15 days salary for each year of service. In 
accordance with applicable Indian laws, the Company provides for gratuity, a deﬁned beneﬁt retirement 
plan (“the Gratuity Plan”) covering eligible employees. The Gratuity Plan provides for a lump sum 
payment to vested employees on retirement (subject to completion of ﬁve years of continuous 
employment), death, incapacitation or termination of employment that are based on last drawn salary 
and tenure of employment. Liabilities with regard to the Gratuity Plan are determined by actuarial 
valuation on the reporting date. 
32.2. Deﬁned beneﬁt plans – Gratuity:
 The following table sets out the status of the Gratuity Plan and the amounts recognized in the ﬁnancial 
statement:
  Balance    107.50 65.28
  Liability at the end of the year  107.50 65.28
IV. Expenses Recognized in the Income Statement :  
IV. Expenses Recognized in the OCI :  
  Current Service Cost    42.23 17.04
  Discount Rate   6.82% 7.64%
  Liability at the beginning of the year  65.28 48.24
   Amount (`) Amount (`)
  Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet  108.78 65.28
I. Assumptions :    
  Liability at the end of the year  107.50 65.28
  Current Service Cost   (25.80) 1.28
  Expense Recognized in P& L    (25.80) 1.28
  Particulars  2020 2019
  Salary escalation rate   4.50% 4.50%
II. Table Showing Change in Beneﬁt Obligation :  
III. Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet  
  Diﬀerence Adjusted   1.28 -
  Current Service Cost   42.23 17.04
  Expense Recognized in P& L    42.23 17.04
(` in Lakhs)
170
===== PDF PAGE 172 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
171
3rd Following Year 3.34 2.12 
4th Following Year 3.59 2.44 
Sum of Years 11 and above 282.22 198.26
  31/Mar/20 31/Mar/19
Projected Beneﬁts Payable in Future Years From the Date of Reporting
Sum of Years 6 To 10 28.03 19.73 
5th Following Year 6.41 2.58 
1st Following Year 6.13 3.84 
2nd Following Year 2.74 1.97 
Sensitivity Analysis
Delta Eﬀect of -1% Change in Rate of Discounting 16.19 9.57
Delta Eﬀect of -1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase (13.71) (8.19)
Delta Eﬀect of -1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover (3.64) (3.23)
Projected Beneﬁt Obligation on Current Assumptions 108.78 66.56
  31/Mar/20 31/Mar/19
Delta Eﬀect of +1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover 3.02 2.72
Delta Eﬀect of +1% Change in Rate of Discounting (13.32) (7.91)
Delta Eﬀect of +1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase 16.41 9.78
 The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective 
assumptions  occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.  
The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the 
projected beneﬁt obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of 
one another as some of the assumptions may be correlated. Furthermore, in presenting the above 
sensitivity analysis, the present value of the projected beneﬁt obligation has been calculated using the 
projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same method as applied in 
calculating the projected beneﬁt obligation as recognised in the balance sheet. There was no change in 
the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
31.3 Related Party Disclosures
a. The names of related parties and the nature of relationship are as under:
(i) Holding Company
Dynacons Systems and Solutions Limited
(iii) Key Managerial Personnel
 a) Executive Director
 Shirish M. Anjaria
 Parag J. Dalal 
 Dharmesh S. Anjaria
(ii) Entities in which Directors or their relatives are interested
S. P. Corporation
Trigem Infosolutions Limited
Josh Foundation
(` in Lakhs)
(` in Lakhs)
Maturity Analysis of the Beneﬁt Payments: 
===== PDF PAGE 173 =====
172
 c) Other than Directors
 Ravishankar Singh (Company Secretary)
 The transactions with the related parties are as under:
 b) Non Executive Director
 Jitesh Jain
 Dilip Parmanand Palicha
 Archana Phadke
 Viren Champaklal Shah
Mr. Parag J. Dalal  Remuneration  27.00 18.00
 Party Nature of Payment 2020 2019
   (` Lakhs) (` Lakhs)
M/s S.P. Corporation Rent for Premises  1.80 1.80
M/s S.P. Corporation Reimbursement of Expenses 2.57 2.76
Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria Remuneration  30.00 21.00
Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria Remuneration  27.00 18.00
Mr. Ravishankar Singh Remuneration  1.41 1.13
Dynacons Systems and Solutions Payment of Dividend by wholly  53.30 --
Limited  owned subsidiary to holding company 
Josh Foundation  Corporate social responsibility  0.50 -
  expenditure
 Notes:
  Service transactions with related parties are made at arm's length price.
a) Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts:
 The company operates in the single segment of System Integration and Services.
31.4. Segment Information
31.5. Contingent Liabilities
 The capital structure of the Company consists of net debt (borrowings as detailed in notes 14, 19 
and 22) and total equity of the Company.
b) Guarantees given by the company’s bankers ` 3181.54 lakhs (previous year ` 2906.06 lakhs) 
31.6. Financial Instruments
 The Company manages its capital structure with a view to ensure that it will be able to continue as 
a going concern while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimization of the debt 
and equity balance.
 The Company's management reviews the capital structure of the Company on an annual basis. As 
part of this review, the management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each 
class of capital.     
A. Capital  Management :
 Income tax AY  2017-18 CIT Appeals 6.86 -
 Value Added Tax FY 2008-09 Deputy Commissioner of  - 11.14
   Sales Tax Appeals  
  the amount relates dispute is pending (` Lakhs) (` Lakhs)
 Particulars Period to which  Forum where the  2020 2019
===== PDF PAGE 174 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
173
B. Financial Instruments-Accounting Classiﬁcations and Fair value measurements (Ind AS 107) 
i Classiﬁcation of Financial Assets and Liabilities:
 For the purpose of computing debt to equity ratio, equity includes Equity Share Capital and Other Equity 
and Debt includes Long term borrowings, short term borrowings and current maturities of long term 
borrowings.
Particulars As at st
31  March, 2020
As at st
31  March, 2020
 
As at st
31  March, 2019
As at st
31  March, 2019
(` in Lakhs)
Equity 3,702.60 3,190.08
Total Debt 3,520.73 3,543.21
Current borrowings 3,481.75 3,462.91
Current maturities of non-current borrowings 21.34 49.96
Non-current borrowings 17.64 30.34
Net debt to equity ratio 0.95 1.11
Particulars  
(` in Lakhs)
Long-Term Borrowings 17.64 30.34
Total 8,001.54 6,255.17
Measured at amortised cost  
Investments in equity shares 1.07 0.89
Cash and cash equivalents 393.69 790.50
Designated at fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
Trade Payables 4,281.93 2,711.97
Financial Liabilities  
Lease Liabilities 198.88 -
Other Financial Liabiliities 21.34 49.96
Bank balances other than above 1,350.78 1,082.43
Short-Term Borrowings 3,481.75 3,462.91
Loans 14.21 16.82
Total 10,424.58 7,862.41
Other Financial Assets 265.26 10.33
Financial Assets  
Measured at amortised cost  
Trade receivables 8,399.57 5,961.44
The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:
===== PDF PAGE 175 =====
174
 > Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 The Company holds certain ﬁxed income investments and other ﬁnancial assets, which must be 
measured using the fair value hierarchy and related valuation methodologies. The guidance speciﬁes a 
hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to each measurement are observable or 
unobservable. Observable inputs reﬂect market data obtained from independent sources, while 
unobservable inputs reﬂect the Company’s assumptions about current market conditions.  The fair 
value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use 
of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
 The Company records certain ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. 
The Company determines fair values based on the price it would receive to sell an asset or pay to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date and in 
the principal or most advantageous market for that asset or liability.
 > Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
 Financial assets and Financial liabilities measured at fair value in the balance sheet are grouped into 
three Levels of fair value hierarchy. These levels are based on the observability of signiﬁcant inputs to 
the measurement, as follows:
 Fair value measurement hierarchy
 > Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or 
liability, either directly or indirectly
 The following table shows the Levels within the hierarchy of ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial assets and 
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2018:
(a) Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for assets as at the reporting date:
ii) Fair Value Measurements (Ind AS 113):
(` in Lakhs)
Fair value measurement using 
Quoted 
prices in 
active 
markets 
Signiﬁcant
observable
inputs 
Signiﬁcant 
unobservable
inputs 
Date of 
valuation Total  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3) 
Financial Assets Fair value through Other Comprehensive Income 
Investments in quoted - equity instrument 
31-Mar-20
0.89 0.38 - 0.5131-Mar-19
0.89 1.07 - (0.18)
 Investments in Unquoted Equity Shares i.e Level 3 fair value measurement are valued at carrying cost 
since amounts are not materials. Investments in unquoted equity shares are made in banks as part of 
mandatory requirements for obtaining ﬁnances from the ﬁnancing bank.
 There have been no transfers between levels during the period. Investments costing Rs. 0.51 lakhs has 
been written oﬀ since the bank has been wound up.
 Investment in quoted equity instrument are valued based on the quoted prices available in the market 
as at the reporting date.
===== PDF PAGE 176 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
175
 The following tables shows a reconciliation from the opening balance to the closing balance for level 3 
fair values:
Particulars    Total FVTOCI ﬁnancial 
investments 
(` in Lakhs)
 Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty fails to discharge an obligation to the Company. The Company 
is exposed to this risk for various ﬁnancial instruments, for example trade receivables, investment in 
mutual funds etc.
 Customer credit is managed by each business unit subject to the Company's established policies, 
procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. Trade receivables are non-
interest bearing and are generally on 90 to 120 days credit term. Credit limits are established for all 
customers based on internal rating criteria. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored.
 Loans, cash and bank balances, trade receivables, other ﬁnancial assets, trade payables, and other 
ﬁnancial liabilities have fair values that approximate to their carrying amounts due to their short-term 
nature
 The Company’s principal ﬁnancial liabilities comprise of loans and borrowings, trade and other 
payables, and ﬁnancial guarantee contracts. The main purpose of these ﬁnancial liabilities is to ﬁnance 
the Company’s operations and to provide guarantees to support its and group companies operations. 
The Company’s principal ﬁnancial assets include loans, trade and other receivables, investments, cash 
and short-term deposits that derive directly from its operations. The Company also enters into 
derivative transactions to hedge and holds short term investments. The Company is exposed to market 
risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s senior management oversees the management of 
these risks. The Company’s senior management is supported by the Group Treasury Team that advises 
on ﬁnancial risks and the appropriate ﬁnancial risk governance framework in accordance with the 
Company’s policies and risk objectives. All derivative activities for risk management purposes are 
carried out by Group Treasury Team that have the appropriate skills, experience and supervision. It is 
the Group’s policy that no trading in derivatives for speculative purposes may be undertaken. The 
Board of Directors review and agree on policies for managing each of these risks, which are 
summarised below:
a) Credit risk
 Trade and other receivables
31.7. Nature and extent of risks arising from ﬁnancial instruments and respective ﬁnancial risk 
management objectives and policies
 An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In 
addition, a large number of minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for 
impairment collectively. The Company does not hold collateral as security. The Company has no 
concentration of credit risk as the customer base is widely distributed both economically and 
geographically.
Addition / (Deletion) during the year - -
Addition / (Deletion) during the year 0.18 0.18
Balance as at 31 March, 2020 1.07 1.07
Balance as at 1 April 2018 0.89 0.89
Balance as at 31 March, 2019 0.89 0.89
===== PDF PAGE 177 =====
176
The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and Expected Credit Loss 
Allowance for trade and other receivables:
Particulars As at st
31  March, 2020  
As at st
31  March, 2019
(` in Lakhs)
0-180 days 8,170.36 5,837.95
More than 180 Days 229.21 123.49
Total 8,399.57 5,961.44
 Liquidity risk is managed by Company through eﬀective fund management. The Company's principal 
sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and the cash ﬂow that is generated from 
operations. The Company believes that current cash and cash equivalents, tied up borrowing lines and 
cash ﬂow that is generated from operations is suﬃcient to meet requirements. Accordingly, liquidity risk 
is perceived to be low.
b) Liquidity risk
 The Company measures the expected credit loss of trade receivables based on historical trend, 
industry practices and the business environment in which the entity operates. Loss rates are based on 
actual credit loss experience and past trends. 
 The Company continuously monitors defaults of customers and other counterparties, identiﬁed either 
individually or by the Company, and incorporates this information into its credit risk controls. The 
Company’s policy is to transact only with counterparties who are highly creditworthy which are 
assessed based on internal due diligence parameters. In respect of trade receivables, the Company is 
not exposed to any signiﬁcant credit risk exposure to any single counterparty or any group of 
counterparties having similar characteristics. Trade receivables consist of a large number of customers 
in various geographical areas. Based on historical information about customer default rates 
management consider the credit quality of trade receivables that are not past due or impaired to be 
good.
 Other ﬁnancial assets
 The Company maintains exposure in cash and cash equivalents, term deposits with banks, 
investments in Debentures, Preference shares, mutual funds, derivative contracts and loan to 
subsidiary companies. The Company has diversiﬁed portfolio of investment with various number of 
parties which have secure credit ratings hence the risk is reduced. Individual risk limits are set 
party based on ﬁnancial position, credit rating and past experience. Credit limits and 
concentration of exposures are actively monitored by the Management of the Company.
 Liquidity risk is that the Company might be unable to meet its obligations. The Company manages its 
liquidity needs by monitoring scheduled debt servicing payments for long-term ﬁnancial liabilities as 
well as forecast cash inﬂows and outﬂows due in day-to-day business. The data used for analysing 
these cash ﬂows is consistent with that used in the contractual maturity analysis below. Liquidity needs 
are monitored in various time bands, on a day-to-day and week-to week basis, as well as on a monthly, 
quarterly, and yearly basis depending on the business needs. Net cash requirements are compared to 
available borrowing facilities in order to determine headroom or any shortfalls. This analysis shows that 
available borrowing facilities are expected to be suﬃcient over the lookout period. 
 The Company considers expected cash ﬂows from ﬁnancial assets in assessing and managing liquidity 
risk, in particular its cash resources and trade receivables. The Company’s existing cash resources and 
trade receivables signiﬁcantly exceed the current cash outﬂow requirements. Cash ﬂows from trade 
receivables are all contractually due within 90 -120 days based on the credit period. The Company’s 
objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and ﬂexibility through the use of bank 
overdrafts, and short-term borrowings. The Company assessed the concentration of risk with respect to 
reﬁnancing its debt and concluded it to be low. The Company has access to a suﬃcient variety of 
sources of funding.
===== PDF PAGE 178 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
177
The Company's non-derivative ﬁnancial liabilities have contractual maturities as summarised below:
Particular 
Contractual cash ﬂows 
Carrying amount Upto 1 year More than 1 year 
(` in Lakhs)
As at 31 March 2020   
Trade Payables  4,281.93 4,281.93 -
Borrowings  3,481.75 3,481.75 -
Trade Payables  2,711.97 2,711.97 -
Long-Term Borrowings (Borrowings (including 
Current Maturities of Long-Term Debts) 38.97 21.34 17.64
As at 31 March 2019   
Long-Term Borrowings (Borrowings (including 
Current Maturities of Long-Term Debts) 80.30 49.96 30.34
Borrowings   3,462.91 3,462.91 -
 Foreign currency denominated ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities which expose the Company to 
currency risk are disclosed below. The amounts shown are those reported to key management 
translated at the closing rate:-
 To mitigate the Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk, cash ﬂows are continuously   monitored. 
 The Company is exposed to market risk through its use of ﬁnancial instruments and speciﬁcally to 
currency risk, interest rate risk and certain other price risks, which result from both its operating and 
investing activities.
 Most of the Company’s transactions are carried out in Indian rupees. Exposures to currency exchange 
rates arise from the Company’s overseas sales and purchases, which are primarily denominated in US 
dollars (USD) 
c) Market risk
 Foreign currency risk
Particulars As at st
31  March, 2020  
As at 
31st March, 2019
(` in Lakhs)
Financial liabilities   
Net exposure for liabilities 89.96 -
Trade receivables 324.06 330.62
Net exposure (Assets - Liabilities) 234.10 330.62
Financial assets   
Net exposure for assets 324.06 330.62
   
Trade Payables 89.96 -
The company has not entered in any forward contract for hedging or otherwise in respect of foreign 
currencies during   the year, and there are no such contracts outstanding at the end of the year.
===== PDF PAGE 179 =====
178
 Sensitivity analysis
 The following table details the Company’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in the Rupee 
against the relevant foreign currencies. 5% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency 
risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the 
reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. This is mainly attributable to the net exposure 
outstanding on receivables or payables in the Company at the end of the reporting period. The 
sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and 
adjusts their translation at the period end for a 5% charge in foreign currency rate. This analysis 
assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of 
forecast sales and purchases. In cases where the related foreign exchange ﬂuctuation is capitalised to 
ﬁxed assets or recognised directly in reserves,  the impact indicated below may aﬀect the Company's 
income statement over the remaining life of the related ﬁxed assets or the remaining tenure of the 
borrowing respectively.
 Impact on proﬁt or loss
 Interest Rate Exposure
 The Company's investments in term deposits (i.e. certiﬁcates of deposits) with banks, investments in 
preference shares, mutual funds and debentures are at ﬁxed interest rate and therefore do not expose 
the company to signiﬁcant interest rate risk.
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial instrument will ﬂuctuate 
because of changes in market interest rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market 
interest rates are managed by borrowing at ﬁxed interest rates. During the year Company did not have 
any ﬂoating rate borrowings.
 Interest rate risk
For the year endedst
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst
31  March, 2019Particulars
(` in Lakhs)
Term loans - long term    
Floating Rate Borrowings - - 
Fixed Rate Borrowings 38.97 80.30 
  3,520.73 3,543.21
Short term borrowings 3,481.75 3,462.91 
  Interest rate sensitivities for ﬂoating rate borrowings:
Movement 
in rate Increase in Interest rate by 0.25% Decrease in Interest rate by 0.25%
Particulars For the year endedst
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst
31  March, 2019
For the year endedst
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst
31  March, 2019
Term loans - long term - - - -
Short term borrowings 8.70 8.66 (8.70) (8.66)
 Operating Lease 
31.8. Lease Commitments 
 The company has lease contract for oﬃce premises and these lease contracts are cancellable-renewable for 
further period on mutually agreeable terms during the tenure of leases contracts. 
 The Company recognised a lease liability measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments. The 
 Interest rate sensitivity has been calculated assuming the borrowings outstanding at the reporting date    have 
been outstanding for the entire reporting period.
(` in Lakhs)
Movement
in currency
(Before tax)
Increase in Exchange rate by 5% Decrease in Exchange rate by 5%
Particulars For the year endedst
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst
31  March, 2019
For the year endedst
31  March, 2020
For the year endedst
31  March, 2019
USD 11.71 16.53 (11.71) (16.53)
===== PDF PAGE 180 =====
25TH ANNUAL REPORT 2019 - 2020
179
right-of-use asset is recognised at its carrying amount as if the standard had been applied since the 
commencement of the lease, but discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate as at April 1, 2019. 
Accordingly, a right-of-use asset of ` 222.29 Lakhs  and a corresponding lease liability of ` 222.29 Lakhs has been 
recognized. The principal portion of the lease payments have been disclosed under cash ﬂow from ﬁnancing 
activities. The lease payments for operating leases as per Ind AS 17 Leases, were earlier reported under cash ﬂow 
from operating activities. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate of 12.00% has been applied to lease 
liabilities recognised in the balance sheet at the date of initial application.
 The following is the movement in lease liabilities during the year ended March 31, 2020:
Particulars st
31  March, 2020
 
(` in Lakhs)
Balance at the end 198.88
Lease Liability - Non-Current 159.86
Finance cost accrued during the period 6.37
Not latBalance at the beginning of the year --
Lease liabilites recognised on initial application of Ind-AS 116 222.29
Lease Liability – Current 39.03
Payment of lease liabilities 29.78
 COVID IMPACT
 The outbreak of Corona Virus Pandemic (Covid-19) started in December 2019 and spread across the globe 
thereafter. The impact of it was felt in India during March 2020 which forced the Government to put several 
restrictions including complete lockdown eﬀective 25th March 2020. As a result, the operations of the Company 
remained suspended for almost a week during current ﬁnancial year. The Company is closely monitoring the 
impact due to Covid-19 on various aspects of its business including its customers / vendors / employees and other 
business partners.
 The Company has made a detailed assessment of its liquidity position for the Financial Year 2020-2021 including 
recoverability and carrying value of its assets comprising all ﬁxed assets as well as current assets including land 
and building, plant and machinery, investments, inventories, trade receivables, etc.
 Based on current indicators of future economic condition, the Company expects to recover the carrying amounts of 
these assets after providing for write oﬀ/rebate. The current situation is very dynamic entailing lot of uncertainties 
about the extent and timing of the potential future impact on the Company’s business operations. The Company 
will continue to monitor closely any material changes to future economic condition of its business operations.
31.11. The previous year ﬁgures have been reclassiﬁed/regrouped wherever necessary.
31.9. Disclosures as required under schedule iii to the Companies Act 2013 with respect to  Consolidated 
Financial Statements
 Expenses relating to short term leases and low value assets have been disclosed under Rent in  Note.30
Dynacons Systems 
& Solutions PTE Ltd.
Name of the entity Net Assets, i.e.,
total assets minus
total liabilities
Share in proﬁt
or loss
Share in Other
comprehensive
income
Share in Total 
comprehensive
income
As % of
consolidated
net
assets
Amount
As % of
consolidated
proﬁt or loss
Amount
As % of
consolidated
Other
comprehensive
income
Amount Amount
As % of
consolidated
proﬁt or loss
2.25% 83.21 (0.07) (40.37) -49.54% 6.17 (0.06) (34.20)
(` in Lakhs)
31.10. 
Membership No.: 08684
Firm Registration : 107565W
M. S. PARIKH
As per our report of even date attached   
For M S P & CO.      
Chartered Accountants
Partner                 
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
Chairman cum Managing Director  Executive Director
Executive Director   Company Secretary
Shirish Anjaria    Parag Dalal
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Dharmesh Anjaria   Ravishankar Singh
Mumbai : July 31, 2020
===== PDF PAGE 181 =====
