
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
Date: September 06, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code- 532365 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C— 1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai — 400051  
Symbol - DSSL 
 
Sub.: Annual Report of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited for Financial Year 2024-25 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), please find enclosed herewith Annual Report along with Notice convening 
the 30 
th  Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Tuesday , September 30, 2025, at 3:00 p.m. 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/Other Audio-Visua l Means (“OAVM”) of Dynacons Systems & 
Solutions Ltd for Financial Year 2024-2025. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record and acknowledge receipt of the same. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours truly, 
 
For Dynacons Systems and Solutions Ltd. 
 
 
 
Pooja Patwa 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
Mem. No.-A60986 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
GOVERNMENT
& PSU
CLOUD
WORKPLACE
SOLUTIONS
MANAGED
        SERVICES
ANNUAL REPORT
Powering  t he Next
Intellig ent Ent erprise
ENTERPRISES
SYSTEM
INTEGRATION
Data center
     solutions
HEALTHCARE
        PHARMACEUTICALS
HEALTHCARE
        PHARMACEUTICALS
BFSI
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
As we conclude  ano the r landm ark year at Dynac ons, I ﬁnd myself reﬂecting  on our enduring  
journe y while  looking  ahe ad with a sense  of immense  purpos e. For 30 years, we have been a 
trust ed partne r in India 's dig ital  evolutio n, helping  enterprise s and communitie s navigate the 
shif ts from on-pr emise  to  cloud and from fragmen ted systems  to integrat ed platforms. We have 
suc cessf ull y powered the  ﬁrst wave of dig italiza tio n. 
But the  world is now on the  brink of a new, mor e profound transf ormatio n. The  next horizon of 
digitaliza tion is not merely about being  online; it's about  being  intelligen t.  It's about harne ssing  
data, artiﬁcial  intelligen ce, and aut oma tio n to create a new breed  of busine ss— the  Intellig ent 
Enterprise . This  is no t a distan t visio n; it is the  reality we are alr eady  building . 
At Dynac ons, we have positio ned ourse lves as the  archit ects of this new era. Our   f ocus has 
shif ted from simpl y providing  techno logy  to a mor e powe rful missio n:  e nab ling  our clie nts to 
bec ome smart er, fast er, and mor e resilie nt. We are doing   this by embedding  intelligen ce into 
every layer of our solutio ns, from the  core of  o ur managed  services to the  cutting  edge of our  
cyber  security  oﬀering s. 
This past year, we have made  sig niﬁca nt stride s in this missio n. We have a pletho ra of
contempor ary  IT services tha t inc lude  infrastruc tur e desig ning , consulting , turnk ey systems 
integratio n of lar ge networks and data centres. Each of the se steps  is a testamen t to our
commitmen t to not just k eep pace with the  futur e, but to activ ely build it f or our clie nts. 
To our dedic ated empl oyees, whose passio n driv es every inno vatio n; to our  value d customers, 
whose trust insp ires us to push boundarie s; and to our partne rs, whose collaboratio n ampliﬁ es 
our impa ct— thank you. Toge the r, we  a re not just witne ssing  the  futur e; we are Powe ring  the  
Next Intelligen t Enterprise , one solutio n at a time.
CHAIRMAN’S
DESK
Mr. Shi rish  Anjaria
Chairm an cum Managi ng Dir ect or
DYNACONS SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED
CORPORATE INFORMATION
Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria
Mr. Parag J. Dalal
Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria
Mrs. Archana V. Phadke
Mr. Jitesh J. Jain
(Resigned w.e.f. March. 04, 2025)
Mr. Vijay M. Doshi
Mr. Ashok B. Rajagiri
(Appointed w.e.f. March 05.2025)
Chairman cum Managing Director
Whole-Time/Executive Director
Whole-Time/Executive Director
& Chief Financial Oﬃcer(CFO)
Non-Executive, Independent Director
Non-Executive, Independent Director
Non-Executive, Independent Director
Non-Executive, Independent Director
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Ms. Pooja Patwa
COMPANY SECRETARY &
COMPLIANCE OFFICER
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate,
Irla Lane, Vile Parle (W)
Mumbai – 400 056
REGD. OFFICE
REGISTRAR &
TRANSFER AGENTS
Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd.
S6-2, 6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park,
Next to Ahura Centre,
Mahakali Caves Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400093
PRINCIPAL BANKERS
HDFC Bank
Yes Bank
ICICI Bank
AUDITORS
M/s. M S P & Co.
Chartered Accountants Mumbai.
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
M/s. HSPN & Associates LLP
Mumbai.
INDEX
No. Topic Pg No.
Notice 11
25
50
59
86
96
97
98
100
144
151
152
153
155
Director's Report along with Management Discussion & Analysis
Secretarial Audit Report 
Corporate Governance Report 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Auditor’s Report 
Balance Sheet 
Proﬁt and Loss Account 
Cash Flow Statement 
Notes Forming Part of The Financial Statements 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Auditor’s Report
Balance Sheet 
Proﬁt and Loss Account
Cash Flow Statement 
Notes Forming Part of The Financial Statements
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
DYNACONS SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED
CORPORATE INFORMATION
Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria
Mr. Parag J. Dalal
Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria
Mrs. Archana V. Phadke
Mr. Jitesh J. Jain
(Resigned w.e.f. March. 04, 2025)
Mr. Vijay M. Doshi
Mr. Ashok B. Rajagiri
(Appointed w.e.f. March 05.2025)
Chairman cum Managing Director
Whole-Time/Executive Director
Whole-Time/Executive Director
& Chief Financial Oﬃcer(CFO)
Non-Executive, Independent Director
Non-Executive, Independent Director
Non-Executive, Independent Director
Non-Executive, Independent Director
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Ms. Pooja Patwa
COMPANY SECRETARY &
COMPLIANCE OFFICER
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate,
Irla Lane, Vile Parle (W)
Mumbai – 400 056
REGD. OFFICE
REGISTRAR &
TRANSFER AGENTS
Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd.
S6-2, 6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park,
Next to Ahura Centre,
Mahakali Caves Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400093
PRINCIPAL BANKERS
HDFC Bank
Yes Bank
ICICI Bank
AUDITORS
M/s. M S P & Co.
Chartered Accountants Mumbai.
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
M/s. HSPN & Associates LLP
Mumbai.
INDEX
No. Topic Pg No.
Notice 11
25
50
59
86
96
97
98
100
144
151
152
153
155
Director's Report along with Management Discussion & Analysis
Secretarial Audit Report 
Corporate Governance Report 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Auditor’s Report 
Balance Sheet 
Proﬁt and Loss Account 
Cash Flow Statement 
Notes Forming Part of The Financial Statements 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Auditor’s Report
Balance Sheet 
Proﬁt and Loss Account
Cash Flow Statement 
Notes Forming Part of The Financial Statements
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
OUR VISION
For 30 year s, Dynac ons Systems & Solu tions Ltd. has been powering the next chapte r of IT
trans forma tion. Headquart ered in Mumba i with  a presen ce across 250 + loc ations in India, we
combin e globa l per spectiv es with  deep loca l exper tise.
From designing  and building  large-sca le networks and  data centers to deliv ering clou d,
HCI , SD- WAN, SDS, and VDI  solu tions,  Dyna cons is the trust ed par tner  for enterprises ready to 
mod erniz e and s cale.
Our  ser vic e models —  IaaS, PaaS,  and SaaS  —  cove r the full  spec trum of enterprise needs:
infrastr uctur e mana ged servic es, cloud compu ting,  systems integration , applica tion developmen t, 
and  mor e.
With  deep doma in knowledge, future-ready tech nolog y expertise, and  a robust deliv ery
infrastr uctur e, we help busin esses plan smarter, scale  faster, and moderniz e with conﬁdence —  
toda y and for wha t’s next.
To be a  global  IT solutions lea der,
relen tlessl y Powering the N ext
wave of digita l transf ormation
across industr ies.
OUR MISSION
To deliv er servic e excellen ce tha t empowe rs
our clien ts to sc ale, ad apt, and lead. To
colla bor ate with forw ard-think ing  technolog y 
part ners and co-cr eate the futur e. To ado pt 
scal able, ﬂexible, and f uture-ready processes 
that evolve  with every innovation .
BACKGROUND
ISO 9001:2 015, ISO 200 00- 1:201 8,
ISO 27 001:2022 , CM MI Maturity  Level 5
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
OUR TECHNOLOGY
PARTNERS
Our  techn ical  partn ers pla y a crucial role in en hancing o ur capabilities and 
expa nding  our reac h. By collabor ating  with relia ble and inno vativ e pa rtners we 
can leverage th eir  exper tise and resou rces to develop cutting -edg e solutions.
®
NETWORKS
Dat a Cen tre
and Clou d
Infrastru ctu re
Network and
Security
Workspa ce

===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
OUR OFFERINGS
Systems
Integration
Smart & Safe
City Solutions
Data Center &
Cloud Solutions
Network &
Security 
Solutions
Project
Management
& Execution
Managed
Services
Digital
Workplace
Solutions
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
OUR AWARDS
Recognized as HPE Solution 
Provider of the Year 2024  by 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Listed in Financial Times
High- Growth Companies 
Asia-Paciﬁc 2024  for the
Fourth Time
Recognized as one of
the “India’s Leading Listed 
ESG Entities 2024” by Dun
& Bradstreet
Receives the Partner 
of the Year Award
from Hewlett Packard
Enterprise (HPE)
Wins the Best Partner for 
Digital Workplace Solution 
(DWS)  for the Year Award
from Lenovo
Re-Appraised at Capability 
Maturity Model Integration 
(CMMI)-SVC V3.0 Maturity Level 5
Received Best System Integrator - 
Govt. Business West Region
Dun & Bradstreet recognizes 
Dynacons Systems and
Solutions Limited amongst 
India’s Top 500 Value Creators 
2024
Named fastest growing 
technology company in 
Deloitte Technology Fast 50 
India 2024
Honored with the Partner of 
the Year Award from Hewlett 
Packard Enterprise (HPE) in 
Athens, Greece

===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
SOME
PRESTIGIOUS WINS
Dynacons secures Digital Workplace
Solutions contract from LIC worth
Rs. 138.44 crores
Successfully secured a order 
worth INR 108 crore from 
NABARD, aimed at delivering an 
advanced Core Banking as a 
Service (CBaaS) solution for the 
Haryana State Cooperative Bank
Rs 51.28 Crore additional Orders
for Advanced Core Banking as a 
Service Solution along with
Allied Applications for State and 
District Co-operative Banks
(an initiative of NABARD)
Prestigious Contract
for Private Cloud Infrastructure 
from one of the leading public 
sector Bank worth Rs 119 crores,
Central Bank of India (CBI)
Order for Software Deﬁned Wide
Area Network (SD-WAN) Solution 
from State Bank of India worth
Rs. 62.98 Crores
Prestigious Contract worth
Rs 233 crores for Core Banking 
Solution Upgradation & Migration on 
ASP model from NABARD
Secures order worth
Rs. 18.84 Crores for CTS
Scanners from
Bank of Baroda
Strategic Data Centre Project of Hyper 
Converged Infrastructure (HCI) Solution 
for Nakshatra-2, Private Cloud initiative 
from Bank of Maharashtra
Wins turnkey data centre
IT infrastructure augmentation 
project of Canara Bank worth
Rs. 280 crores
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
OUR CSR ACTIVITIES: BEYOND BUSINESS,
OUR COMMITMENT TO SOCIETY

===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
OUR REACH
Delhi
Mumbai 
Chennai
Kolkata
Ahmedabad
Goa
Bengaluru
Hyderabad
Bhopal
Bhubaneshwar
Patna
Lucknow
Gurgaon

===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
11
NOTICE
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE THIRTIETH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF THE MEMBERS OF DYNACONS 
SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED WILL BE HELD ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30 TH, 2025 AT 03:00 P.M. INDIAN 
STANDARD TIME (“IST”) BY MEANS OF VIDEO CONFERENCING (“VC”) / OTHER AUDIO-VISUAL MEANS (“OAVM”) 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RELEVANT CIRCULARS ISSUED BY THE MINISTRY OF CORPORATE AFFAIRS, TO 
TRANSACT THE FOLLOWING BUSINESS:
ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Balance Sheet and Profit & Loss Account for the financial year ended as at 
March 31, 2025, the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the said financial year and the Reports of Board of 
Directors and Auditors thereon.
2. To confirm the payment of Interim Dividend as the final dividend on Equity shares for Financial Year 2024-2025.
3. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Parag Dalal (Din: 00409894), who retires from the office of Whole-Time Director, by 
rotation and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
 RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
the approval of members of the Company, be and is hereby accorded to reappoint Mr. Parag Dalal (Din: 00409894) as a 
Whole-time director, who is liable to retire by rotation.
SPECIAL BUSINESS
4. Appointment of Secretarial Auditors
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 204 read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 24A of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the consent of the Members be and is hereby accorded to appoint M/s. HSPN & Associates LLP, 
Company Secretaries in Practice for conducting Secretarial Audit of the Company for five consecutive financial years 
2025-26 to 2029-30 at a remuneration to be mutually agreed upon between the Board of Directors and Secretarial 
Auditors. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors of the Company, be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, 
deeds and things as may be necessary in their absolute discretion to give effect to this resolution. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a copy of this resolution duly certified by any of the Directors of the Company be and is 
hereby authorized to file/ register with the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai in e-form MGT-14 pursuant to provisions of 
Section 117(3)(g) of the Companies Act, 2013.”
5. Increase in Borrowing Power of the Company and approval for creation of charge on the assets of the Company 
to secure borrowings
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
"RESOLVED THAT in supersession of the earlier resolution passed by the members of the Company at the Annual 
General Meeting of the Company held on September 30, 2021, pursuant to, Section 180(1) (a), Section 180(1) (c) 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, (hereinafter referred to as the “Act”), read with the 
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment 
thereof, for the time being in force, and the Articles of Association of the Company, consent of the Members be and is 
hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which term shall be 
deemed to include any Committee of the Board) or its Committee as may be authorized by the Board of Directors to 
borrow for the purpose of the business of Company any sum or sums of moneys for and on behalf of the Company in 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
12
Indian Rupees and/or in any foreign currency by way of availing of long/short term loans, commercial papers, by way 
of issue of bonds/notes and all kinds of financial assistance, secured/unsecured from banking companies, financial 
institutions, bodies corporate, by way of issue of redeemable non-convertible debentures, subordinated debentures or 
any other security or instrument(s) on private placement basis as well as by way of public issue by all permissible 
methods including shelf-disclosure documents, prospectus, shelf-prospectus, information memorandum, offering circular 
or otherwise, from persons, institutional investors, foreign institutional investors, qualified institutional buyers, resident 
public financial institutions, statutory corporations, provident funds, pension funds, superannuation funds, gratuity funds, 
alternative investments funds, insurance companies, mutual funds, national investment fund, insurance funds, non-
institutional investors, companies, bodies corporate, societies, educational institutions and association of persons, trusts, 
scientific and/or industrial research organizations, partnership firms, Limited Liability Partnerships, Resident Individuals, 
High Networth Individuals (HNIs), Hindu Undivided Families (HUFs), retail individual investors, by way of acceptance 
of deposits from public, shareholders, directors, relatives of directors, HUF, resident individuals, Non-resident Indians 
(through NRO accounts), trusts, firms, corporates or issuance of commercial papers, bonds, any other permissible 
instruments or methods of borrowing whether unsecured or secured by mortgage, charge, hypothecation or lien or 
pledge or otherwise of the Company's assets and properties, whether movable or immovable notwithstanding that the 
monies to be borrowed together with the monies already borrowed by the Company, apart from temporary loans obtained 
and/or to be obtained from the Company's bankers in the ordinary course of business, will or may exceed the aggregate 
of the paid up share capital of the Company and its free reserves (that is to say reserves not set apart for any specific 
purpose), provided that the total amount borrowed (apart from the temporary loans obtained from the Company’s Bankers 
in the ordinary course of business) and outstanding at any point of time shall not exceed Rs. 1500 Crores (Rupees One 
Thousand Five Hundred Crores Only).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board or such Committee/ or person/(s) as authorized by the Board of Directors be 
and are hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it/they may consider necessary, expedient, 
usual or proper to give full effect to the aforesaid resolution, including but not limited to settle any questions or resolve 
difficulties that may arise in this regard, if any, as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem fit, without requiring the Board to 
secure any further consent or approval of the Members of the Company to the intent that they shall be deemed to have 
given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution.”
        By Order of the Board of Directors
        For  Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited
  
        Shirish M. Anjaria  Parag J. Dalal           
        Chairman cum   Executive Director
        Managing Director              DIN No: 00409894
        DIN No: 00444104                           
Date: September 03, 2025
Place: Mumbai
Registered Office
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, 
Irla Lane, Vile Parle (W), 
Mumbai – 400 056
CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130 
NOTES:
1. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has, vide its General Circular dated September 19, 2024, read together with 
circulars dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 5, 2020, January 13, 2021, December 8, 2021, December 14, 2021, 
May 5, 2022, December 28, 2022 and September 25, 2023,  (collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”), permitted 
convening the Annual General Meeting (“AGM” / “Meeting”) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or Other Audio Visual 
Means (“OAVM”), without physical presence of the members at a common venue. In accordance with the MCA Circulars 
and applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with Rules made thereunder and the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), 
the AGM of the Company is being held through VC / OAVM. The deemed venue for the AGM shall be the registered office 
of the Company.
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
13
2. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) setting out material facts 
concerning the business under Item No. 4 and 5 of the Notice, is annexed hereto. The relevant details as required 
under Regulations 26(4) and 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, in respect of Directors seeking appointment/reappointment at the Annual 
General Meeting for Item no. 3 and 4 is furnished as annexure to the Notice.
3. Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), a member entitled to attend and vote at the meeting 
is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on a poll instead of himself and the proxy need not be a member of 
the Company. Since this AGM is being held through VC / OAVM pursuant to the MCA Circulars, physical attendance 
of members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the members will not be 
available for the AGM and hence the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed hereto.
4. Since the AGM will be held through VC/ OAVM, the route map of the venue of the Meeting is not annexed hereto.
5. In terms of the provisions of Section 152 of the Act, Mr. Parag Dalal, Director of the Company, retire by rotation at the 
Meeting.
6. At the 27 th AGM held on September 30, 2022, the members approved re-appointment of M/s MSP & Co., Chartered 
Accountants Firm (Firm Registration No.107565W) as Statutory Auditors of the Company to hold office from the conclusion 
of 27th AGM till the conclusion of the 32nd AGM. M/s. MSP & Co., will complete their present term as Statutory Auditors of 
the Company on conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2027.
7. Institutional / Corporate Shareholders (i.e. other than individuals / HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send a scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of its Board or governing body Resolution/Authorization etc. authorizing its representative to attend 
the AGM through VC / OAVM on its behalf and to vote through remote e-voting. The said Resolution/Authorization shall 
be sent to the Company by email through its registered email address to investor@dynacons.com with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com 
8. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 91 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Register of Members and Share Transfer books 
of the Company will remain closed from Wednesday, September 24, 2025 to Tuesday September 30, 2025. (both days 
inclusive).
9. Members desirous of getting any information in respect of the content of the annual report are requested to forward the 
queries to the Company at least 10 days prior to the annual general meeting so that the required information can be made 
available at the Company.
10. In case of joint holders attending the AGM, the Member whose name appears as the first holder in the order of names as 
per the Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to vote.
11. Pursuant to Rule 18(3) of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Members are requested to 
provide their e-mail id to their Depository Participants (“DP”) in case the shares are held by them in electronic form and 
with the Company or Registrar and Share Transfer Agent in case the shares are held by them in physical form in order to 
facilitate easy and faster dispatch of Notices of the general meetings and other communication by electronic mode from 
time to time.
12. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email address, telephone/ 
mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number (PAN), mandates, nominations, power of attorney, bank details such as, 
name of the bank and branch details, bank account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc., to their DPs in case the shares 
are held by them in electronic form and to the Company’s Registrars and Transfer Agents, BSPL in case the shares are 
held by them in physical form.
13. Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSDRTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 
25, 2022, has mandated the listed companies to issue securities in dematerialized form only while processing service 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
14
requests viz. Issue of duplicate securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense account; renewal/exchange of 
securities certificate; endorsement; sub-division/splitting of securities certificate; consolidation of securities certificates/
folios; transmission and transposition. Accordingly, Members are requested to make service requests by submitting a duly 
filled and signed Form ISR – 4, (the format of which is available on the Company’s website at www.dynacons.com) along 
with requisite supporting documents to BSPL as per the requirement of the aforesaid circular. It may be noted that any 
service request can be processed only after the folio is KYC Compliant.
14. SEBI vide its notification SEBI/LAD-NRO/GN/2022/66 dated January 24, 2022 has mandated that all requests for transfer 
of securities including transmission and transposition requests shall be processed only in dematerialized form. In view 
of the same and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and avail various benefits of dematerialization, 
Members are advised to dematerialize the shares held by them in physical form. Members can contact the Company or 
BSPL, for assistance in this regard.
15. SEBI vide its Circular dated July 31, 2023 issued guidelines for members to resolve their grievances by way of Online 
Dispute Resolution (‘ODR’) through a common ODR portal. Members are requested to first take up their grievance, if 
any, with Bigshare Services Private Limited, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company. If the grievance is not 
redressed satisfactorily, the member may escalate the same through: i) SCORES Portal in accordance with the SCORES 
guidelines, and ii) if the member is not satisfied with the outcome, dispute resolution can be initiated through the ODR 
Portal at https://smartodr.in/login.
16. Members are requested to note that, dividends if not encashed for a consecutive period of 7 years from the date of 
transfer to Unpaid Dividend Account of the Company, are liable to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund (“IEPF”). The shares in respect of such unclaimed dividends are also liable to be transferred to the demat account 
of the IEPF Authority. In view of this, Members are requested to claim their dividends from the Company, within the 
stipulated timeline.
17. Members are requested to register / update their complete bank details with their Depository Participant(s), if shares are 
held in dematerialised mode, by submitting forms and documents as may be required by the Depository Participant(s). 
Payment of dividend shall be made through electronic mode to those members, holding shares in dematerialised mode, 
who have updated their bank account details. 
18. As per the Master circular dated May 7, 2024 issued by SEBI, payment of dividend to members holding shares in physical 
mode shall only be made electronically. Such payment shall be made only after they have furnished their Permanent 
Account Number, Contact Details (Postal Address, Mobile Number and E-mail), Bank Account Details, Specimen 
Signature, etc., for their corresponding physical folios with the Company /BSPL. In this regard the Company had sent 
letters to its members for furnishing the required details. Please refer to SEBI FAQs by accessing the link: https://www.
sebi.gov.in/sebi_data/faqfiles/jul2025/1752726453064.pdf (FAQ No. 47 & 48)
19. Pursuant to Finance Act 2020, dividend income is taxable in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. April 1, 2020 and the 
Company is required to deduct tax at source from dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed rates. For the prescribed 
rates for various categories, please refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and the amendments thereof. The shareholders are 
requested to update their PAN with the DP (if shares held in electronic form) and Company/BSPL (if shares held in 
physical form). Shareholders are requested to note that in case their PAN is not registered, or having invalid PAN or 
Specified Person as defined under section 206AB of the Income-tax Act (“the Act”), the tax will be deducted at a higher 
rate prescribed under section 206AA or 206AB of the Act, as applicable.
20. Members who hold shares in dematerialized form are requested to login with their DP ID and Client ID numbers for easy 
identification of attendance at the meeting.
21. The Equity Shares of the Company are mandated for trading in the compulsory demat mode. The ISIN Number allotted 
for the Company’s shares is INE417B01040.
22. Annual Listing fees for the year 2024-2025 has been paid to all stock exchange wherein shares of the Company are 
listed.
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
15
23. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act and SEBI circular, the facility for making nomination is available for the 
Members in respect of the shares held by them. Members who have not yet registered their nomination are requested 
to register the same by submitting Form No. SH-13. If a Member desires to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and 
record a fresh nomination, he/she may submit the same in Form ISR-3 or SH-14 as the case may be. The said forms 
can be downloaded from the Company’s website www.dynacons.com.Members holding shares in physical form may 
submit the same to BSPL. Members holding shares in electronic form may submit the same to their respective depository 
participant.
24. SEBI has vide Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated November 3, 2021 read with 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687 dated December 14, 2021 and SEBI/ HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/
CIR/2023/37 dated March 16, 2023 (“SEBI Circulars”) mandated furnishing of Permanent Account Number (‘PAN’), KYC 
details viz. Contact Details (Postal Address, Mobile Number and E-mail), Bank Details, Nomination etc. by holders of 
physical securities. The Company had sent letters for furnishing the required details. 
 Any service request shall be entertained by BSPL only upon registration of the PAN, KYC details and the nomination. 
Further, in absence of the above information on or after October 1, 2023, the folio(s) shall be frozen by BSPL in compliance 
with the aforesaid SEBI Circulars. If the folio(s) continue to remain frozen as on December 31, 2025, the frozen folios shall 
be referred by BSPL/Company to the administering authority under the Benami Transactions (Prohibitions) Act, 1988 
and/or Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002.
DISPATCH OF ANNUAL REPORT THROUGH ELECTRONIC MODE:
1. In compliance with the MCA Circulars and Regulation 36(1)(a) of the Listing Regulations, Notice of the AGM along with 
the Annual Report for the financial year 2024-25 is being sent only through electronic mode to those members whose 
e-mail address is registered with the Company / Registrar and Transfer Agent / Depository Participants / Depositories. 
Further, in compliance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, a letter providing the web-link, including the 
exact path, where Annual Report for the financial year 2024-25 is available, is being sent to those members whose e-mail 
address is not registered with the Company / Registrar and Transfer Agent / Depository Participants / Depositories.
2. Members may note that the Notice and Annual Report 2024-25 will also be available on the Company’s website  
www.dynacons.com, website of the Stock Exchanges, i.e., National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.nseindia.
com and BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com and is also available on the website of NSDL (agency for providing the 
Remote e- Voting facility) i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com 
3. For receiving all communication (including Annual Report) from the Company electronically: 
a)  Members holding shares in physical mode and who have not registered/updated their email address with the 
Company are requested to register/update the same by writing to the Company’s Registrar & Share transfer agent- 
Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd. (BSPL) with details of folio number and attaching a self-attested copy of PAN card at 
info@bigshareonline.com.
b)  Members holding shares in dematerialized mode are requested to register/update their email addresses with the 
relevant Depository Participant.
25. Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 
103 of the Act.
26. Members of the Company under the category of Institutional Investors are encouraged to attend and vote at the AGM.
27. Voting through electronic means:
I. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended by the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Amendment Rules, 2015 and regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
16
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (Listing Regulations), and in terms of SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/
CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 and the Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
dated April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020 and May 05, 2020 the Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting to its 
Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into 
an agreement with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, 
as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote e-Voting system as well as venue 
voting on the date of the AGM will be provided by NSDL. 
II. The remote e-voting period commences on Thursday, September 25, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) and ends on Monday, 
September 29, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). During this period, Members holding shares either in physical form or in 
dematerialized form, as on Tuesday, September 23, 2025 i.e. cut-off date, may cast their vote electronically. The 
e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. Those Members, who will be present in the AGM 
through VC / OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise 
not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system during the AGM.
III. The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their shares in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company 
as on the cut-off date.
IV. The Members who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend/participate in the AGM 
through VC/OAVM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
V. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the 
Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date, may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com. However, if he/she is already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting then he/she can use his/
her existing User ID and password for casting the vote.
VI. The details of the process and manner for remote e-voting are explained herein below:
A.  How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
    
 Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode
 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in 
their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification 
code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and 
click on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
17
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode with 
NSDL.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the 
“Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt 
you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be 
able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “ Access to e-Voting ” 
under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or 
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.
nsdl.com. Select “ Register Online for IDeAS Portal ” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/
SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://
www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of 
e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen 
digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown 
on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “ NSDL Speede ” facility by 
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing 
user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any 
further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website  
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your 
existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible 
companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting 
Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website www.
cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number 
and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the 
evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
18
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. Upon logging in, you will be able to 
see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site 
after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name 
or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk. evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911
B)  Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on 
the screen.
 Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at  https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with 
your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and 
you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
 Your User ID is:
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your 
user ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is 
12**************
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company
For example, if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001***
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
19
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
a. If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote.
b. If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was 
communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the 
system will force you to change your password.
c. How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated 
to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open 
the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8-digit client ID for 
NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The 
.pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders whose 
email ids are not registered.
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
a. Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b. Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.
com.
c. If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.com 
mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
d. Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting system of 
NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and 
who’s voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting your vote 
during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join General 
Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which you 
wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG 
format) of the relevant Board Resolution/Authority letter, etc., together with attested specimen signature of the duly 
authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer through e-mail to hs@hspnassociates.in, with a 
copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
20
their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority 
Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. 
In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) - Shareholders and e-voting user manual 
for Shareholders, available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a 
request to Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager at evoting@nsdl.com
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and 
password and registration of e-mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self- attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) by email to investor@dynacons.com.
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID or 16-digit beneficiary ID), 
Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to investor@dynacons.com. If you are an Individual shareholder holding 
securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for 
e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for 
e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat 
account in order to access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER: -
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their 
vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote 
through e-Voting system in the AGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible 
to vote at the AGM.
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day of 
the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
C.  Other Instructions:
i. The voting rights of members shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as 
on the cut-off date of September 23, 2025.
ii. A person, whose name is recorded in the register of members or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the 
depositories as on the cut-off date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting.
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
21
iii. Mr. Hemant Shetye, Company Secretary (FCS No.2827 and COP 1483) and Designated Partner of HSPN & Associates 
LLP, Practicing Company Secretaries has been appointed as the Scrutinizer for providing facility to the members of the 
Company to scrutinize the voting and remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner and he has consented to 
act as a scrutinizer. 
iv. The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of voting at the general meeting, will first count the votes cast at the meeting and 
thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting in the presence of  at least two witnesses not in the employment 
of the Company and shall make, not later than two working days of the conclusion of the AGM, a consolidated scrutinizer’s 
report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing, who shall 
countersign the same and declare the result of the voting forthwith.
v. The results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website www.dynacons.
com and on the website of NSDL www.evoting.nsdl.com within two working days of the passing of the resolutions at 
the Thirtieth AGM of the Company on September 30, 2025 and communicated to the BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited, where the shares of the Company are listed.
D. Instructions for Members for Attending AGM through Video Conferencing (VC) / Other Audio-Visual Means 
(OAVM) are as under:
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members 
may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you 
can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to click 
on VC/OAVM link placed under Join General Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/
Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the User 
ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote 
e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during 
the meeting.
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot 
may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use 
Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in advance mentioning their 
name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at investor@dynacons.com from September 25, 
2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) to September 28, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). The same will be replied by the company suitably. Those 
Members who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions during 
the AGM. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the 
AGM.
6. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. 
Other Instructions
28. The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the AGM, first count the votes cast during the AGM, 
thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting and make, not later than two working days of conclusion of the 
AGM, a consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person 
authorised by him in writing, who shall countersign the same.
===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
22
29. The result declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website www.dynacons.com 
and on the website of NSDL https://www.evoting.nsdl.com immediately. The Company shall simultaneously forward the 
results to National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited, where the shares of the Company are listed.
      
        By Order of the Board of Directors
        For  Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited
 
 
        Shirish M. Anjaria  Parag J. Dalal           
        Chairman cum   Executive Director
        Managing Director              DIN No: 00409894
        DIN No: 00444104                           
Date: September 03, 2025
Place: Mumbai
Registered Office
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, 
Irla Lane, Vile Parle (W), 
Mumbai – 400 056
CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 24 =====
23
EXPLANATORY STATEMENTS:
The following Explanatory Statement, as required under Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, set out all material facts 
relating to the business under Item No. 4 and 5 of the accompanying Notice dated September 03, 2025.
ITEM NO. 4
The Board of Directors of the Company (‘the Board’) at the meeting held on September 03, 2025, on the recommendation of 
the Audit Committee, approved the appointment of M/s. HSPN & Associates LLP, Practicing Company Secretaries (LLPIN: 
AAZ-8456) to conduct Secretarial Audit for 5 (Five) consecutive financial years from 2025-26 to 2029-2030. 
In terms of Section 204 read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014 and Clause 24A of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the appointment is required 
to be approved by the Members of the Company. Accordingly, consent of Members is sought for the appointment of M/s. HSPN 
& Associates LLP as Secretarial Auditor for 5 (Five) consecutive financial years from 2025-26 to 2029- 2030. 
The appointment of proposed Secretarial Auditor shall hold office for a period of 5 (Five) years, if made, will be within the 
limits of the various provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. They have further confirmed that they are not disqualified to be 
appointed as the Secretarial Auditors in terms of Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder. 
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, or their relatives, is interested in this resolution. The 
Board recommends passing of the Ordinary resolution set out in Item No.4 for your approval.
ITEM NO. 5
Section 180(1) (c) of the Companies Act, 2013, provides that the Board of Directors of a public company shall not, except with 
the consent of the Company in General Meeting, borrow monies in excess of the Company's paid up share capital and free 
reserves (apart from temporary loans obtained and/or to be obtained from the Company's bankers in the ordinary course of 
business). 
The Board anticipates steady growth in the Company’s operations and is actively bidding for larger projects. These projects 
will require substantial financial support, including enhanced bank guarantees and mobilization of credit facilities. To ensure 
financial flexibility and readiness for such opportunities, the Board considers it prudent to seek shareholders’ approval to 
increase the borrowing limit to Rs.1,500 Crores (Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred Crores Only), excluding temporary 
loans obtained or to be obtained from the Company’s bankers in the ordinary course of business.
This resolution is an enabling provision to authorize the Board to borrow funds as and when required. The actual borrowings 
will be subject to Board approval and will be undertaken in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. The increased limit 
will also facilitate the creation of charges, mortgages, or other securities on the Company’s assets to secure such borrowings.
Your consent is required under the provisions of Sections 180(1) (c) and 180(1)(a) of the Act, to increase the borrowing limits 
and to mortgage and / or create a charge on any of the moveable and / or immovable properties and / or the whole or any part 
of the undertaking(s) of your Company to secure its borrowings.
The Board of Directors recommends passing of the resolution set out in item no. 5 of the Notice.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company nor their relatives are concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise in the proposed resolution.
===== PDF PAGE 25 =====
24
Details of Directors appointment/re-appointment/retiring by rotation, as required to be provided pursuant to the 
provisions of (i) Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
and (ii) Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”), issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India 
and approved by the Central Government are provided herein below:
Particulars Mr. Parag Dalal
Director Identification Number (DIN) 00409894
Date of Birth / Age 23/05/1968 / 57 years
Date of First Appointment on the Board                                                      26/09/1995
Experience in functional Area Mr. Parag J. Dalal has over 30 years of work experience, 
in the field of Business, Information Technology, Software 
Development and Services. His areas of focus include 
Business Strategy, Business Development, Business 
Continuity Management and emerging technologies like Cloud 
Computing. He is responsible for the growth of Dynacons on 
PAN India level across different industries segments including 
Shipping, Education, Government, Banking and Financial 
Services. He is also responsible for taking new initiatives 
such as Transformation through IT and bringing in operational 
efficiency through the usage of ICT.
Qualification Post graduate in Computer Applications and is an Intel 
Certified Solutions Consultant.
Directorship in other Companies (Public Limited Companies) Please refer Corporate Governance Report section of the 
Annual Report 2024-25Membership of Committees of other public limited companies 
(Audit Committee and Shareholder’s/Investor’s Grievance 
Committee only)
No. of Shares held in the Company
The number of Meetings of the Board attended during the F.Y. 
2024-25
Remuneration Proposed Upto ` 19,00,000/- per month and  any casual emoluments or 
benefits in addition to their salary or wages
Remuneration Paid ` 10,50,000/- per month
Disclosure of relationship with other Directors, Manager and 
other Key Managerial Personnel of the Company
There are no inter-se relationships between the Directors 
mentioned above, and Manager and other Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company. 
Terms and conditions of re-appointment along with details of 
remuneration sought to be paid
As approved by the members in the Annual General Meeting 
of the Company held on September 30,2024
        By Order of the Board of Directors
        For  Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited
  
        Shirish M. Anjaria  Parag J. Dalal           
        Chairman cum   Executive Director
        Managing Director              DIN No: 00409894
        DIN No: 00444104                           
Date: September 03, 2025
Place: Mumbai
Registered Office
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, 
Irla Lane, Vile Parle (W), 
Mumbai – 400 056
CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130  
===== PDF PAGE 26 =====
25
Directors Report
Your Directors are pleased to present the Thirtieth Annual Report on the business and operations of the Company for the 
year ended March 31, 2025.
1. State of the Company’s Affairs  
                                                                                                                      (Rs. In Lakhs)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
Year ended 
31/03/2025
Year ended 
31/03/2024
Year ended 
31/03/2025
Year ended 
31/03/2024
Gross Income 1,27,354 1,02,882 1,27,393 1,02,885
Profit Before Finance Cost and 
Depreciation and Amortisation 
Expenses
   11,187   8,252                       11,200   8,237
Provision for Depreciation and 
Amortisation Expenses
165 152 165 152
Profit Before Finance Cost 11,022 8,100 11,036 8,086
Finance Cost 1,321 879 1,321 879
Net Profit Before Tax 9,701 7,221 9,714 7,207
Provision for Tax  2,460 1,825 2,465 1,825
Net Profit After Tax 7,241 5,396 7,249 5,382
Balance of Profit brought forward 13,290 7,958 13,288 7,969
Balance available for appropriation 20,468 13,290 20,464 13,288
2. Management Analysis and Discussions  
 Company Performance
During FY 2024–25, your Company delivered another year of strong performance, reflecting its ability to execute large 
and complex projects while maintaining operational efficiency. Revenues for the year on consolidated basis stood at  
` 1273.93 crore (` 1273.54 crore on standalone basis), representing a growth of 23.82% (23.79% on standalone basis) 
over the previous year. This growth was primarily driven by robust traction in Infrastructure Management Services, Data 
Centre and Cloud Solutions, and large integration projects.
Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) on consolidated basis were ` 112 crore  
(` 111.87 crore on standalone basis), translating into an EBITDA margin of 8.79% (8.78% on standalone basis), compared 
with 8.01% (8.02% on standalone basis) in the previous year. The improvement in margins was supported by higher 
contribution from managed services, enhanced project execution efficiencies, and investments in automation-led delivery 
models.
Profit After Tax (PAT) for the year on consolidated basis stood at  ` 72.49 crore  (` 72.41 crore  on standalone basis), 
registering a growth of 34.69% (34.19% on standalone basis) year-on-year. The consistent profitability reflects Dynacons’ 
balanced business model, combining annuity-driven revenues with large-scale project-based engagements. Earnings per 
Share (EPS) increased to ` 56.95 (` 56.95 on standalone basis), compared with ` 42.37(` 42.47 on standalone basis) in 
the previous financial year, enhancing shareholder value.
The Company maintained a healthy financial position, with strong cash flows from operations and prudent working capital 
management. Return on Net Worth (RONW) and Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) remained robust on consolidated 
basis at 31.37% (31.36% on standalone basis) and 38.90% (46.55% on standalone basis), respectively. The balance 
sheet continues to be strong with a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.22:1(consolidated and standalone basis), providing flexibility 
for future investments and growth initiatives.
===== PDF PAGE 27 =====
26
 Dynacons remains committed to deploying capital efficiently, investing in growth opportunities while ensuring sustainable 
returns for shareholders. The Company’s strong financial foundation, coupled with its proven delivery capabilities and 
strategic partnerships, provides confidence in sustaining growth momentum in the coming years. This success is a 
testament to the investments made in strengthening client relationships, enhancing our technology and service delivery, 
deepening employee capabilities and expanding technology ecosystem.
 The Consolidated financial summary for the last five years is presented below:
Financial 
Year
Revenue 
(` Cr)
EBITDA (` 
Cr)
PAT (` Cr) EPS (`) ROCE (%) RONW (%) Net Profit 
Margin 
(%)
Debt/
Equity
FY21 437.25 19.77 8.54  7.29  21.78%  17.22% 1.96%  0.82:1
FY22 655.84 32.31 16.43  13.57  28.19%  24.17%  2.51%  0.91:1
FY23 806.77 56.92 33.45  27.70  36.99%  31.93%  4.16%  0.62:1
FY24 1028.85 82.37 53.82  42.37  38.19%  34.13%  5.25%  0.21:1
FY25 1273.93 112 72.49  56.95  38.90%  31.37%  5.72%  0.22:1
 Industry Overview
 The financial year 2025 was marked by profound global disruption. Widespread geopolitical conflicts, military escalations, 
and uncertain trade dynamics severely impacted global supply chains. In the face of this turbulence, your Company 
demonstrated exceptional resilience by partnering closely with clients to help them perform under pressure while 
continuing to accelerate their transformation agendas.
Globally, the IT system integration industry continued to expand in FY 2024–25, driven by the rapid adoption of cloud 
computing, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, and edge technologies. Enterprises across sectors are modernizing legacy 
systems and transitioning to hybrid infrastructure models, fueling demand for integrated solutions that enable automation, 
secure data flow, and operational agility. The global market size is estimated at over USD 430 billion, with the Asia Pacific 
region emerging as a key growth hub due to accelerated digitalization and sustained infrastructure investments.
In 2025, enterprises are expected to accelerate the adoption of AI into their digital core to address technical debt and 
modernize legacy systems. This requires significant efforts in cloud migration, infrastructure modernization, and the 
development of a robust data foundation. At the same time, enterprises face a complex risk landscape—cybersecurity 
threats, evolving regulations, and geopolitical tensions. As a result, organizations will continue to strengthen cybersecurity 
management processes, leading to sustained investments in advanced security frameworks.
In India, the IT services and infrastructure sector remains a critical driver of economic growth, supported by government-
led initiatives such as Digital India, Smart Cities, and AI for All. These programs have accelerated digital adoption across 
public services, financial institutions, and citizen-focused applications. The Indian IT & Business Services market is 
projected to grow steadily, with system integration services forming a cornerstone of scalable and secure digital 
transformation.
Indian enterprises are also making significant investments in cloud-native architectures, data center modernization, and 
digital platforms. The rapid rise of AI-powered automation and hybrid work models has further transformed business 
operations, prompting organizations to adopt integrated solutions that enhance agility, reduce costs, and improve 
customer experience. The domestic system integration market, currently valued at approximately USD 15 billion, is 
expected to maintain healthy growth momentum in the coming years.
With rising demand across BFSI, the public sector, and large enterprise segments, India’s system integration industry is 
poised for sustained momentum. Large-scale projects in banking, e-governance, and national infrastructure continue to 
fuel the need for robust and scalable IT solutions. Companies like Dynacons, with deep domain expertise, strong execution 
capabilities, and a proven track record, are strategically positioned to lead this next phase of digital infrastructure growth.
===== PDF PAGE 28 =====
27
Company Overview
Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd. Is a leading Indian IT company known for delivering end-to-end technology solutions 
to enterprises, public sector organizations, and financial institutions. Over the years, the company has built a strong 
reputation by providing innovative and scalable services, including Infrastructure Managed Services, Cloud Computing, 
Systems Integration, Application Development and Maintenance, Break-Fix Services, and Automation-led solutions—
effectively supporting the entire lifecycle of clients’ technology needs.
Our ability to rapidly apply and scale new technologies has allowed us to navigate multiple technology cycles with 
agility and success. The company’s expertise covers advanced technologies such as Hyper Converged Infrastructure 
(HCI), which integrates storage, computing, and networking into a single system for greater efficiency; Private and Public 
Cloud deployments; Software Defined Network (SD-WAN), a technology that centralizes control and optimizes network 
performance; Software Defined Storage (SDS), which separates storage hardware from the software that manages 
it; Network Infrastructure design and setup; and Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) Solutions. Additionally, Dynacons 
manages onsite and remote facilities for multi-location infrastructures across domestic markets.
Dynacons possesses deep domain knowledge across numerous industry sectors and demonstrates proficiency in 
both traditional and emerging technologies. This contextual understanding enables us to create tailored, high-impact 
solutions that drive clear business outcomes. Our comprehensive array of services spans Infrastructure as a Service 
(IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and Software as a Service (SaaS), as well as extensive offerings in Infrastructure 
Managed Services, Breakfix Services, Managed Print Services, Cloud Computing, Systems Integration, and Application 
Development and Maintenance.
At the core of Dynacons’ philosophy is a unified, customer-centric approach—one that emphasizes delivering superior 
results and building enduring partnerships. By consistently focusing on client needs and proactively expanding our 
capabilities, we have established long-term relationships that drive repeat business and sustained growth. High client 
satisfaction, a vibrant and skilled workforce, and a proven track record have positioned us as trusted advisors, able to 
guide organizations through digital transformation, cloud adoption, IT security, and beyond.
Through a commitment to excellence and innovation, Dynacons continues to push the boundaries of what technology can 
achieve for businesses. Our strategic investments in next-generation solutions and ongoing skill development place us at 
the forefront of industry transformation, enabling clients to realize operational efficiencies and unlock new opportunities for 
growth. With a proven capacity for handling complex, large-scale projects and delivering measurable results, Dynacons 
is dedicated to empowering organizations to thrive in today’s dynamic digital landscape.
Business Segments
Data Centre and Cloud Solutions
Dynacons specializes in Data Centre Augmentation projects, helping enterprises modernize legacy infrastructure with 
next-generation technologies such as Hyper Converged Infrastructure (HCI), Software Defined Storage (SDS), and 
virtualization platforms. The company designs and deploys scalable, energy-efficient data centres integrated with 
advanced cooling, fire safety, and access control systems.
Its Private Cloud Solutions are built on platforms like VMware, Microsoft Azure Stack, and Red Hat OpenShift, enabling 
secure, compliant, and cost-effective cloud environments. These solutions support mission-critical workloads with 
enterprise-grade backup and recovery, disaster recovery automation, and data replication across hybrid and multi-cloud 
setups. Dynacons is also integrating AI-powered resource orchestration, predictive analytics, and automated capacity 
planning to enhance data centre efficiency, reduce downtime, and optimize energy consumption
In recent years, market adoption of Cloud has matured to hybrid multi-cloud configurations, requiring seamless integration 
with private/on-premise systems, future cloud native architectures, AI thought leadership and synergies across many 
services to deliver the outcomes for the customers. To capitalize on this growth potential in overall Cloud space, We have 
formed full-stack teams in offerings, engineering, sales, solutions, and platform-based operations.
===== PDF PAGE 29 =====
28
During FY 2024–25, Dynacons secured a significant order from Canara Bank for end-to-end IT infrastructure services. 
This engagement includes large-scale data center modernization, implementation of robust security frameworks, and 
managed services for mission-critical applications. The project is one of the largest of its kind in the Indian banking 
sector and underscores Dynacons’ ability to execute complex technology transformation programs for top-tier financial 
institutions.
Network and Security Infrastructure
Dynacons delivers robust SD-WAN Solutions that enable intelligent, secure, and cost-efficient connectivity across 
distributed enterprise networks. These solutions leverage centralized control, dynamic path selection, and integrated 
security to optimize performance and reduce operational complexity.
The company also provides comprehensive network and security infrastructure services including next-generation 
firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, endpoint detection and response, and identity and access management. Dynacons 
integrates SIEM platforms, conducts vulnerability assessments, and ensures compliance with industry standards. AI is 
increasingly being used to enhance threat detection, anomaly identification, and automated incident response, enabling 
faster and more accurate security operations. The company is also exploring AI-driven network traffic analysis to 
proactively identify performance bottlenecks and optimize routing.
Dynacons has demonstrated outstanding technical capability through numerous large-scale, mission-critical SD-WAN 
enterprise rollouts for BFSI and public sector clients, delivering secure, high-performance connectivity via meticulous 
planning, network design, and seamless integration with existing infrastructure. These projects incorporate advanced 
SD-WAN features such as dynamic path selection, automated failover, and robust security protocols, ensuring rapid 
connectivity, centralized management, and reliable data protection—key for industries with sensitive data and strict 
regulations. By collaborating closely with client stakeholders, Dynacons develops tailored solutions that address unique 
operational challenges, from multi-site connectivity and compliance to real-time monitoring and intelligent traffic routing. 
This proven expertise not only reflects Dynacons’ superior technology skill set but also reinforces its reputation as a 
trusted partner for future-ready, scalable connectivity in demanding enterprise environments.
Workplace Solutions
Dynacons’ Workplace Solutions are designed to support the modern digital workforce through mobility, collaboration, 
and automation. The company implements secure virtual desktop infrastructures (VDI), BYOD strategies, and unified 
communication platforms integrated with tools like Microsoft 365 and Google Workspace.
Our comprehensive workplace technology solutions are centered on elevating user satisfaction, enhancing freedom, 
and boosting productivity, all while optimizing the return on investment in workplace technologies. By embracing our 
workplace technology services, end-users can anticipate greater automation and collaboration. Our Workplace Solutions 
cover the entire lifecycle, encompassing sourcing and logistics, integration, user profiling and enablement, service desk 
and global field support, remote/branch site optimization, hybrid messaging, enterprise mobile enablement, managed 
print services, virtualization, desktop as a service, and operating system migration. We have a proven track record of 
working closely with numerous large enterprises, offering a complete range of Workplace solutions to ensure a seamless 
work-from-home experience. Our company has successfully secured multiple contracts with prominent BFSI and global 
enterprises to meet their workplace solution needs.
A key offering under this segment is the IT Lifecycle Management Solution, which provides end-to-end support for IT 
assets—from procurement and deployment to maintenance, upgrades, and retirement. This includes asset tagging, 
configuration, warranty tracking, and disposal in compliance with environmental and data security norms. Dynacons 
leverages AI-driven asset tracking, predictive maintenance, and usage analytics to help organizations optimize asset 
utilization, reduce downtime, and maintain full visibility across their IT inventory. Additionally, AI is being used to enhance 
digital employee experience (DEX) through intelligent support systems and personalized workspace configurations.
===== PDF PAGE 30 =====
29
Managed Services
Dynacons’ Managed Services portfolio is built on a foundation of automation, analytics, and SLA-driven delivery. The 
company offers services such as data center and network management, cloud operations, managed security, infrastructure 
monitoring, and IT staff augmentation, delivered through centralized Network Operations Center (NOC) and Security 
Operations Center (SOC).
Dynacons provides Infrastructure Management Services (IMS) to oversee the vital IT systems of leading and forward-
thinking organizations. Our Enterprise Services encompass a comprehensive range of Enterprise IT and Office Automation 
Services, such as Infrastructure Managed Services, Break-fix Services, Managed Print Services, Cloud Computing, 
Systems Integration Services, and Applications Development and Maintenance. Our IT infrastructure management 
services come with a strong track record. We've not only successfully executed complex IT transformation projects 
but have also ensured efficient IT infrastructure services for our enterprise clients. Our history is marked by successful 
delivery of high-complexity projects, high levels of customer satisfaction, and innovative IT solutions.
Dynacons continued to strengthen its leadership in the BFSI segment by receiving orders from various State Cooperative 
Banks associated with National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD). The Company has received 
orders for providing Advance Core Banking As A Service (CBAAS) for a period of 5 years. These orders highlight the 
company’s deep expertise in delivering secure, scalable, and compliant banking platforms tailored for cooperative 
and rural banking ecosystems. Under the contract, Dynacons will deliver a comprehensive suite of services, including 
consultancy, implementation, customization, and ongoing support to ensure a smooth transition with minimal operational 
disruption. The project will include upgrading, migrating, and maintaining the Core Banking Solution on opex basis, as 
well as bolstering infrastructure and networks using top-tier technology. Leveraging its expertise in banking and digital 
infrastructure, Dynacons aims to unlock the full potential of the upgraded Finacle platform for the state cooperative banks.
In addition to Canara Bank and NABARD, Dynacons received multiple large-scale projects across government, BFSI, 
and enterprise sectors. These included digital workplace modernization programs, cloud transformation mandates, and 
cybersecurity engagements for national-level agencies and large corporates. Such wins demonstrate the company’s 
ability to serve diverse customer needs while building long-term, trust-based relationships.
Embracing the AI Opportunity
We believe every industry stands to benefit from Artificial Intelligence(AI) and the IT industry is at the forefront of this 
transformation. Dynacons is strategically positioned to lead this shift by leveraging its domain expertise, deep client 
relationships, and contextual knowledge built over decades. Our ability to combine technology with industry insights 
makes us an ideal partner for enterprises seeking to embed AI-first cultures, reimagine supply chains, accelerate digital 
adoption, and create adaptive, resilient operations. With AI, businesses can go beyond incremental improvements to 
achieve transformative outcomes at scale, opening up new horizons for innovation and growth.
The AI ecosystem is experiencing rapid advancements not just in models and applications but also in the underlying 
AI infrastructure—from high-performance computing, GPUs, and cloud-native architectures to scalable data platforms 
and edge AI deployments. These innovations are compelling enterprises to modernize their IT landscapes, build AI-
ready infrastructure, and ensure robust data pipelines to feed intelligent systems. Dynacons is enabling organizations to 
bridge this gap by delivering integrated infrastructure solutions, hyper-converged systems, and cloud platforms that are 
optimized for AI workloads. This positions us as a trusted partner for enterprises seeking to deploy AI at scale, with speed 
and efficiency.
As organizations increasingly adopt AI to meet evolving customer expectations, the opportunities for IT partners are 
unprecedented. Demand is surging for AI-enabled automation, predictive analytics, intelligent operations, and cognitive 
solutions across BFSI, government, and enterprise sectors. Dynacons is investing in strengthening its AI infrastructure 
capabilities, forming strategic alliances with technology leaders, and expanding its portfolio of AI-driven solutions. Our 
approach is focused on delivering measurable value—enhancing efficiency, driving personalization, improving risk 
management, and enabling new business models. This positions us at the forefront of the AI-led growth era, empowering 
clients to turn AI potential into business advantage.
===== PDF PAGE 31 =====
30
Awards & Recognitions
 In FY 2024–25, Dynacons received several prestigious industry awards and accolades that underscore its strong market 
position and customer-centric approach:
• HPE Solution Provider of the Year 2025 – Recognizing excellence in delivering innovative HPE-based solutions.
• Lenovo Digital Workplace Solution Partner of the Year 2024 – Awarded for leadership in workplace transformation 
projects.
• Deloitte Technology Fast 50 India 2024 – Fastest Growing Technology Company – Acknowledging Dynacons as 
India’s fastest-growing technology firm.
• Dun & Bradstreet Top 500 Value Creators of 2024  – Recognition for consistent value creation and financial 
performance.
• CMMI Level 5 Certification Achievement – A landmark recognition for process maturity and quality excellence.
• Banking Deal of the Year – For delivering one of the largest Core Banking as a Service projects in India.
• Best Partner for Digital Workplace Solutions – Awarded by a leading OEM for transformational workplace solution 
delivery.
These recognitions reaffirm Dynacons’ leadership in the IT system integration and managed services space, while 
highlighting its ability to combine innovation with execution excellence.
Opportunities and Strengths
The rapid pace of digital transformation in India continues to create significant opportunities for system integrators. 
With enterprises modernizing infrastructure, adopting hybrid cloud models, and embracing AI-powered automation, the 
demand for end-to-end technology partners has never been stronger. The Indian government’s push for e-governance, 
digital banking, and citizen-centric digital services presents additional avenues for growth, particularly in the BFSI and 
public sector domains where Dynacons has built strong delivery capabilities.
Dynacons’ established track record in delivering large-scale IT projects positions it well to capture this demand. Its deep 
domain expertise across data centres, workplace solutions, and managed services, coupled with a nationwide service 
network of over 250 locations, enables the Company to address complex client needs effectively. With more than 80% of 
its workforce comprising technically skilled engineers, Dynacons’ delivery strength is a key differentiator in a competitive 
market.
Another strength lies in the Company’s extensive partnerships with global technology leaders such as IBM, Microsoft, 
Cisco, HP, Dell, Oracle, VMware, and HPE. These alliances not only provide access to cutting-edge technologies but 
also help strengthen Dynacons’ solution portfolio. Industry recognitions, including Deloitte’s Fastest Growing Technology 
Company award and partner awards from Lenovo and HPE, further validate the Company’s strong positioning.
Threats
In today’s dynamic and fast-paced digital landscape, IT service providers operate under constant pressure to innovate 
and adapt. The pace of change in technology, customer expectations, and business models is accelerating, making 
competitive agility more critical than ever. Competition serves as the primary challenge for most technology enterprises, 
given the incessant product cycles, the swift shift towards commoditization within the industry, and the ever-evolving 
technology, market dynamics, as well as governmental policies and regulations. These factors collectively pose challenges 
and risks to the seamless operation of the company. We observe fierce rivalry in conventional services, a swiftly evolving 
market landscape, and the emergence of fresh contenders in specialized technology niches.  
Our typical competitors in response to requests for proposals are other major global technology service providers. We 
confront intense competition in established service domains and witness a swiftly evolving marketplace featuring novel 
players specializing in agile, adaptable, and innovative approaches. The technology products and services sector is 
fiercely competitive and susceptible to economic conditions and rapid technological advancements. The sector is highly 
competitive, with numerous players vying for market share. This can lead to price wars and margin pressure. Keeping 
===== PDF PAGE 32 =====
31
up with fast-paced technological advancements and evolving client needs can be challenging and costly.  Disruptions in 
logistics, shortages of critical components pose significant risks to Company’s ability to deliver services efficiently and 
meet client expectations. 
In the realm of the IT sector, the organization's success in recruiting, training, and retaining highly skilled IT professionals 
significantly impacts its ability to execute projects, cultivate and sustain client relationships, and attain projected 
operational and financial outcomes. The domestic market is witnessing an escalating influx of competition from both 
prominent international IT firms and Indian counterparts.  
 
As the digital world expands, demand for cybersecurity leaders grows. Organizations recognize cyber risks can lead 
to financial losses, reputational damage, and threaten public safety. Increasing cyberattacks and data breaches pose 
significant risks to the security of IT systems and client data, affecting trust and compliance. 
Risks and Concerns
Operating in a dynamic industry exposes the Company to various risks. One of the key concerns is technology obsolescence, 
as rapid advancements require continuous investments in emerging solutions and skill development. Failure to adapt 
quickly may impact competitiveness. To mitigate this, Dynacons maintains strong focus on R&D, employee training, and 
adoption of next-generation platforms.
The IT services market is also highly competitive, with pressure from both global majors and domestic players. Competitive 
intensity can result in pricing pressures, margin compression, and extended sales cycles. Dynacons mitigates this risk 
by focusing on value-added services, building long-term customer relationships, and investing in automation to improve 
operational efficiency.
Cybersecurity remains another significant risk, given the growing number and sophistication of cyber threats. With 
increasing reliance on cloud and digital infrastructure, breaches can lead to reputational damage and financial losses. 
Dynacons addresses this risk through robust internal information security practices, deployment of advanced security 
tools, and continuous monitoring through its Security Operations Centre (SOC). Additionally, the challenge of talent 
retention in niche technology areas continues to be a concern, which the Company addresses through employee 
engagement, career growth programs, and competitive compensation.
Sustainable Growth
At Dynacons, our very name reflects our dynamic spirit and commitment to continuous evolution. Guided by our 3C 
philosophy—Concept, Capability, and Culture—we have built a holistic approach that spans the entire IT infrastructure 
lifecycle, from planning and building to running and monitoring. By consistently refining our concepts, expanding our 
capabilities, and nurturing a vibrant organizational culture, we ensure that innovation and value creation remain at the 
heart of everything we do. This approach has enabled us to forge enduring customer relationships, foster an engaged 
workforce, achieve industry-leading profitability, and steadily expand our market presence, while consistently delivering 
long-term value to all stakeholders.
Over the years, Dynacons has successfully navigated multiple technology cycles, each time transforming and adapting 
to build relevant new capabilities and helping clients realize the benefits of emerging technologies. Customer-centricity 
lies at the core of our strategy, organizational structure, and investment decisions. This enables us to spot trends early, 
seize new opportunities through timely investments, and mitigate risks, all while fulfilling our social and environmental 
responsibilities. We continuously broaden and deepen customer relationships by identifying newer areas to add value, 
proactively investing in capabilities, reskilling our workforce, and launching innovative services, solutions, and platforms.
Our growth philosophy is anchored in a proactive approach—consistently seeking out opportunities within our customers’ 
businesses and enhancing their value proposition. We strategically invest in innovative capabilities and introduce novel 
solutions to capture growth opportunities, while driving revenue expansion and embracing technology-driven business 
models. By diversifying income streams, catering to diverse customer segments, and strengthening existing relationships, 
we remain committed to building sustainable growth that benefits our clients, employees, and shareholders alike.
===== PDF PAGE 33 =====
32
Outlook
The outlook for the IT system integration industry remains highly positive. With businesses across sectors accelerating 
digital adoption, the demand for integrated, secure, and scalable technology solutions will continue to grow. The Indian 
market, in particular, offers strong potential as enterprises increasingly transition to hybrid cloud models, modernize data 
centres, and adopt AI and analytics-driven solutions to drive efficiency and innovation.
For Dynacons, the future holds significant promise. The Company’s strong order book, landmark projects such as 
NABARD’s Core Banking as a Service deployment, and its recognition as one of India’s fastest-growing technology 
companies underscore its ability to deliver growth in the years ahead. Its CMMI Level 5 certification, reflecting process 
maturity and delivery excellence, further strengthens client confidence and sets the stage for larger, mission-critical 
engagements.
Through our comprehensive range of services and solutions, we assist our customers in navigating their digital 
transformation journeys. We have adopted a four-pronged approach to reinforce our relevance to clients and drive rapid 
value creation: scaling our digital capabilities and remaining agile, upskilling our workforce, expanding our portfolio of 
offerings, and revitalizing our core IT infrastructure. Our consistent growth is testimony to the strength of our business 
model and our ability to reinvent ourselves in an ever-evolving technology landscape, staying relevant to our customers 
while remaining focused on creating value for all stakeholders.
This integrated approach will help us bring the best capabilities to every customer, ensuring they are future-ready, resilient, 
and competitive. We remain steadfastly committed to leading the industry with purpose, innovation, and responsibility. 
Our focus on innovation and growth drives us to continuously explore new technologies and business models, ensuring 
we stay ahead in an ever-evolving landscape.
Dynacons remains committed to maintaining financial discipline, operational excellence, and shareholder value creation. 
With a strong leadership team, talented workforce, and trusted partnerships, the Company is confident of continuing its 
growth momentum. As digital transformation accelerates across industries, Dynacons aims to not just participate but lead 
in shaping the future of India’s digital infrastructure landscape.
Internal Financial control systems and their adequacy 
 
The Internal Control is intended to increase transparency and accountability in an organization’s process of designing 
and implementing a system of internal control. The framework requires a company to identify and analyze risks and 
manage appropriate responses. The company has successfully laid down the framework and ensured its effectiveness. 
These have been designed to provide reasonable assurance with regard to recording and providing reliable financial 
and operational information, complying with applicable statutes, safeguarding assets from unauthorized use, executing 
transactions with proper authorization and ensuring compliance with corporate policies. Dynacons has aligned its current 
systems of internal financial control with the requirement of Companies Act, 2013. 
 
Dynacons internal controls are commensurate with its size and the nature of its operations. The Company’s well-defined 
organizational structure, defined authority matrix and internal financial controls ensure efficiency of operations, protection 
of resources and compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. Moreover, the Company continuously upgrades 
its systems and undertakes review of policies. There is an effective internal control and risk mitigation system, which is 
constantly assessed and strengthened with new/revised standards operating procedures. The Company’s internal control 
system is commensurate with its size, scale and complexities of its operations.  
 
Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited has an audit committee, the details of which have been provided in the corporate 
governance report. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors actively reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of 
the internal control systems and suggest improvements to strengthen the same. Dynacons also undergoes periodic audit 
by the Audit Committee reviews reports submitted by the management and audit reports submitted by internal auditors 
and statutory auditors. Suggestions for improvement are considered and the audit committee follows up on corrective 
action. The audit committee also meets Dynacons statutory auditors to ascertain, inter alia, their views on the adequacy 
of internal control systems and keeps the board of directors informed of its major observations periodically. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 34 =====
33
Dynacons management assessed the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined 
in Regulation 17 of SEBI LODR Regulations 2015) as of March 31, 2025. M/s. MSP & Co., the statutory auditors of 
Dynacons, have audited the financial statements included in this annual report and have issued an attestation report on 
the company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in section 143 of Companies Act 2013). 
 The internal financial control is supplemented by extensive internal audits, regular reviews by management and standard 
policies and guidelines to ensure reliability of financial and all other records to prepare financial statements and other 
data. Based on its evaluation (as defined in section 177 of Companies Act 2013 and Regulation 18 of SEBI Regulations 
2015), the Company’s audit committee has concluded that, as of March 31, 2025, the Company’s internal financial 
controls were adequate and operating effectively. 
Details of Ratios
The Company hereby provides the details of ratios as required under Schedule V (b) of the SEBI (LODR) Amendment 
Regulations, 2018 
  
 Details of significant changes in key financial ratios 
Sr. 
No.  
Particulars 2024-2025 2023-2024 Change of % Remarks
1 Debtors Turnover  (in months) 4.14 Months 4.70 Months 11.91% -
2 Inventory Turnover (Revenue from 
Operations/Avg Inv) in times
19.25 18.62 3.39% -
3 Interest Coverage Ratio 8.47:1 9.39:1 (9.80)% -
4 Current Ratio 1.36:1 1.39:1 (2.53)% -
5 Debt Equity Ratio 0.22:1 0.21:1 6.66% -
6 Operating Ratio Margin 0.09:1 0.08:1 12.50% -
7 Net Profit Margin (%) 5.72% 5.27% 8.89% -
 Details of any change in Return on Net Worth as compared to the immediately previous financial year along with 
a detailed explanation thereof 
Financial Year 2024-2025 2023-2024
Return on Networth (%) 31.36% 34.25%
 The Return on net worth increased during the year 2024-25 as compared to previous year 2023-24 because of net profit 
earned of Rs. 7241.44 Lakhs in 2024-25 as against net profit earned of Rs. 5396.03 Lakhs in year 2023-24.
3. The Change in the Nature of Business, if any
 There was no change in the nature of business of the Company, during the year under review.
4. Dividend
 For FY2025, based on the Company’s performance, the Directors had declared interim dividend of 5% of the Face Value 
of the share i.e. Rs. 0.50 per equity share amounting to Rs. 63,56,565 (gross) subject to deduction of tax at source as per 
the applicable rate(s) to the eligible shareholders, to be paid out of profits of the Company for the FY 2024-2025 on the 
equity shares to those shareholders whose names appeared in the Register of Members of the Company on cut-off date 
i.e. August 23, 2024.
 For FY2026, based on the Company’s performance, the Directors had declared interim dividend of 5% of the Face Value 
of the share i.e. Rs. 0.50 per equity share amounting to Rs. 63,62,665 (gross) subject to deduction of tax at source as per 
the applicable rate(s) to the eligible shareholders, to be paid out of profits of the Company for the FY 2025-2026 on the 
equity shares to those shareholders whose names appeared in the Register of Members of the Company on cut-off date 
i.e. August 22, 2025.
===== PDF PAGE 35 =====
34
 The Dividend Distribution Policy, in terms of Regulation 43A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) is disclosed in the Corporate 
Governance Report and is uploaded on the Company’s website at http://dynacons.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/
Dividend-Distribution-Policy-DSSL-Final.pdf 
5. Transfer to Reserves
 The Company has not transferred any amount to reserves.
6. Transfer of Unclaimed Dividend to Investor Education and Protection Fund:
 The requirement of transfer of unclaimed dividend to Investor Education and Protection Fund as per the provisions of 
Sec.125 (2) of the Companies Act, 2013, does not apply to the Company, for the year ended on March 31, 2025.
7. Material changes and commitments, if any, affecting the financial position of the company which have occurred 
between the end of the financial year of the company to which the financial statements relate and the date of the 
report
During the year under review, there have been no material changes and commitments affecting the financial position 
of the Company which have occurred between the end of the Financial Year of the Company to which the Financial 
Statements relate and the date of the report:
Your Company being covered under the threshold limit mentioned under notification dated 7 th November, 2024, issued 
by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium-Enterprise, has registered on Trade Receivables Discounting System Platform 
(TreDS).
The Directors had declared interim dividend of 5% of the Face Value of the share i.e. Rs. 0.50 per equity share amounting 
to Rs. 63,62,665 (gross), subject to deduction of tax at source as per the applicable rate(s) to the eligible shareholders, 
to be paid out of profits of the Company for the FY 2025-2026 on the equity shares to those shareholders whose names 
appeared in the Register of Members of the Company on cut-off date i.e. August 22, 2025.
The Board in their meeting held on January 03, 2025, had allotted 12,200 equity shares to the eligible Employees of 
the Company who had exercised their stock options under the Dynacons-Employees Stock Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP-
2020”). Further, the Company had received Listing/trading approval from BSE Ltd and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited on January 14, 2025.
8. Details of significant and material orders passed by the regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going 
concern status and company’s operations in future
•  There are no significant and material orders passed by the Regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going 
concern status and company’s operations in future.
•  There was no change in the nature of business of the Company.
 
•  During the year under review, there were no cases filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. 
9. Details of Holding/Subsidiary/Joint Ventures/Associate Companies
 The Company has a subsidiary Dynacons Systems & Solutions Pte. Ltd. as on March 31, 2025. Further, an Associate 
Company of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited (“the Company”) in the name of "Cybercons Infosec Private Limited" 
had been incorporated on November 06, 2023. There are no joint venture companies within the meaning of Section 2(6) 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”). There has been no material change in the nature of the business of the subsidiary.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 129(3) of the Act, a statement containing the salient features of financial statements 
of the Company’s subsidiaries in Form AOC-1 is attached to the financial statements of the Company as Annexure-I
===== PDF PAGE 36 =====
35
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Act, the financial statements of the Company, consolidated 
financial statements along with relevant documents and separate audited financial statements in respect of subsidiaries, 
are available on the website of the Company www.dynacons.com 
10. Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
During the year, the non-executive directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions with the 
Company, other than sitting fees, commission and reimbursement of expenses, if any, incurred by them for the purpose 
of attending meetings of the Company.
Mr. Parag Dalal, Whole-Time Director, retires by rotation and being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment. The 
Board recommends the resolution for member’s approval for the said appointment.
The shareholders re-appointed Mr. Shirish Anjaria, as Chairman cum Managing Director, Mr. Parag Dalal, as Whole-time 
director and Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria, as Whole-time director and Chief Financial Officer for a further period of Five years 
with effect from February 01, 2025, at their Annual General Meeting held on September 30, 2024.
Mr. Jitesh Jain, Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company resigned w.e.f. business hours of March 04, 2025, 
due to other ongoing engagements and personal commitments.
The Board of Directors appointed Mr. Ashok Bhumaiah Rajagiri as an Additional Independent Non-Executive Director of 
the Company w.e.f. March 05, 2025, subject to shareholders approval. Further, shareholders through postal ballot on 
April 10, 2025, appointed Mr. Ashok Bhumaiah Rajagiri as Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company for the 
term of 5(five) years.
All the above appointments/re-appointments by the Board of Directors are based on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee. 
The resolutions requiring approval of the members for aforementioned appointment/re-appointments together with 
requisite disclosures are set out in the Notice of the ensuing 30th Annual General Meeting. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149 of the Act, the Independent directors have submitted declarations that each of 
them meet the criteria of independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act along with Rules framed thereunder and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. There has been no change in the circumstances affecting their status 
as independent directors of the Company.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Act, there has been no change in the key managerial personnel during 
the Financial Year 2024-2025. 
11. Remuneration to Director and Employees
Details/Disclosures of ratio of remuneration to each Director to median employee `s remuneration as required pursuant 
to Section 197(12) of the Companies Act 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and details of remuneration paid to Employees vide Rule 5(2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is given as Annexure- II
The Company’s policy on directors’ appointment and remuneration and other matters provided in Section 178(3) of the 
Act has been disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this report.
12. Statutory Auditors
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 of the Act and the rules framed thereunder, at the 27th AGM held on September 
30, 2022 the members approved re-appointment of M/s. MSP & Co., Chartered Accountants Firm (Firm Registration 
No.107565W) as Statutory Auditors of the Company to hold office from the conclusion of 27 th AGM till the conclusion of 
the 32nd AGM.
===== PDF PAGE 37 =====
36
Auditors have confirmed that they are not disqualified to act as Auditors and are eligible to hold office as Auditors of your 
Company. They have also confirmed that they hold a valid peer review certificate as prescribed under Listing Regulations.
13. Statutory Auditors’ Report
The Auditors’ Report does not contain any qualification. Notes to Accounts and Auditors remarks in their report are self-
explanatory and do not call for any further comments.
14. Internal Auditors 
The Board in their Meeting held on May 30, 2024, had re-appointed Mr. Satya Pattnaik as the Internal Auditor for a period 
of two years from Financial Year 2024-25 to 2025-26.
15. Cost Audit and Cost Auditors
The Company has maintained cost records for the Financial Year 2024-25 as prescribed by Central Government under 
sub- section (1) of section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013.
In pursuance of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, the Board had appointed Sarvottam Rege & Associates (Firm Registration no. 104190), Cost Accountants, for the 
conduct of the Cost Audit of the Company. 
16. Reporting of Fraud by Auditors 
During the year under review, the Internal Auditors, Statutory Auditors and Secretarial Auditors have not reported any 
instances of frauds committed in the Company by its Officers or Employees to the Audit Committee under section 143(12) 
of the Act, details of which needs to be mentioned in this Report. The details are as follows:
 (a) Nature of fraud description: Not Applicable
 (b) Approximate amount involved: Nil
 (c) Parties involved, if remedial action not taken: Not Applicable
 (d) Remedial action taken: Not Applicable
17. Corporate Governance
Pursuant to Schedule V to the Listing Regulations and as required under Regulation 27 of Securities & Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 with the Stock Exchanges, the report 
on Management Discussion and Analysis, Corporate Governance as well as the Certificate regarding compliance of 
conditions of Corporate Governance forms part of the Annual Report and the Certificate duly signed by the Chairman cum 
Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer on the Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 
2025 forms a part of Annual Report. 
Your Company has always practiced sound corporate governance and takes necessary actions at appropriate time for 
meeting stakeholders’ expectations while continuing to comply with the mandatory provisions of corporate governance.
18. Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management
The Directors and members of Senior Management have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for Directors and 
Senior Management of the Company. The copies of Code of Conduct as applicable to the Executive Directors (including 
Senior Management of the Company) and Non-Executive Directors are uploaded on the website of the Company –  
www.dynacons.com.
19. Familiarization Program for Independent Directors
The Company has practice of conducting familiarization program of the Independent directors as detailed in the Corporate 
Governance Report which forms part of the Annual Report.
===== PDF PAGE 38 =====
37
20. Relationship Between Directors Inter-Se
The Directors, Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria & Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria having father and son relationship are related to each 
other within the meaning of the term “relative” as per Section 2(77) of the Act and as per SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. Other than these, none of the Directors are related.
21. Particulars of the Employees
The information as required under Section 197 of the Act and rules made there-under for employees who are in receipt of 
remuneration which exceeds the limits specified under the said rules read with Rule 5(2) of The Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is provided in Annexure II below. 
22. Documents placed on the Website of the Company:
The following documents have been placed on the website in compliance with the Act:
• Financial statements of the Company and consolidated financial statements along with relevant documents as per 
third proviso to Section 136(1).
• Details of Vigil mechanism for directors and employees to report genuine concerns as per proviso to Section 177(10).
• The terms and conditions of appointment of independent directors as per Schedule IV to the act.
• Latest Announcements
• Annual Reports
• Shareholding Pattern
• Code of Conduct
• Corporate Governance
• Nomination and Remuneration Policy
• Materiality Policy under Regulation 30 of SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015
• CSR Policy
23. Human Resource Management (Material developments in Human Resources/Industrial Relations front, including 
number of people employed)
A robust Talent Acquisition system enables the Company to balance unpredictable business demands with a predictable 
resource supply through organic and inorganic growth. Our empowering culture, philosophy of investing in people, career 
growth opportunities, and progressive HR policies have resulted in consistently high retention levels and developed a 
strong employer brand.
The Company values its human resources and believes that the success of an organisation is directly linked to the 
competencies, capabilities, contributions, and experience of its employees. The Company’s core philosophy is centered 
around promoting a safe, healthy, and happy workplace while fostering a conducive work environment among its 
employees. Attracting, enabling and retaining talent have been the cornerstone of the Human Resource function and the 
results underscore the important role that human capital plays in critical strategic activities such as growth.  
Another critical aspect that companies must prioritize is the cultivation of a workforce poised for the future. The impending 
transitions in energy, supply chain dynamics, and the integration of artificial intelligence demand a multifaceted approach. 
This entails the imperative to reskill or upskill existing employees, embark on fresh talent acquisitions, and invest 
significantly in research and development initiatives. Capitalizing on our technological prowess positions us favorably to 
meet the burgeoning global demand and expand our talent pool.
The landscape of work is rapidly evolving, prompting organizations worldwide to rethink their strategies for talent 
acquisition and management. In the contemporary context, companies have the capacity to tap into talent resources from 
virtually anywhere, necessitating leaders to adeptly harness this global talent reservoir. Technological advancements 
and collaborative tools have paved the way for virtual and hybrid work models, making it essential to adopt an approach 
that leverages cutting-edge technologies such as AI and cloud computing to foster effective employee engagement and 
collaboration.
===== PDF PAGE 39 =====
38
Your organization is making substantial investments in fortifying its AI capabilities, thereby augmenting the array of 
solutions offered to its clientele. This strategic commitment underscores the recognition of the pivotal role that talent plays 
in propelling the company forward.
Our overarching goal is to attract, nurture, motivate, and retain a diverse talent pool, as this diversity is a cornerstone of 
competitive distinction and long-term prosperity. The company's talent management strategy is meticulously crafted to 
unlock the full potential of every employee. This strategy is anchored in the principles of purpose-driven work, inclusivity, 
an intellectually stimulating work environment, and a rewards system that recognizes and motivates employees. The 
endgame is to deliver an exceptional employee experience while catalyzing business growth.
The number of people employed during the year ended on March 31, 2025 were 1013.
24. Secretarial Audit Report 
Pursuant to Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company had appointed, M/s. HSPN & Associates LLP, 
(Formerly known as HS Associates) Practicing Company Secretary as its Secretarial Auditor to conduct the Secretarial 
Audit of the Company for the F.Y. 2024-2025. The Company has provided all the assistance and facilities to the Secretarial 
Auditor for conducting their audit. Report of Secretarial Auditors for the F.Y. 2024-2025 in Form MR-3 is annexed to this 
report as Annexure-III and IIIA.
25. Explanation or comments on Qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks made by Auditors and the Practicing 
Company Secretary in their Reports
The Auditors’ Report to the members on the Accounts of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 
does not contain any qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks. The Secretarial Audit report does not contain any 
qualification, reservation or adverse remark.
26. Share Capital
The paid-up Equity Share Capital of the Company as on March 31, 2024, was Rs. 12,71,31,300 divided into 1,27,13,130 
Equity shares of Rs. 10 each which has increased to Rs. 12,72,53,300 divided into 1,27,25,330 Equity shares of Rs. 
10 each as on March 31, 2025, since the Company had allotted 12,200 equity shares in the Board meeting held on 
January 03, 2025, to the eligible Employees of the Company who had exercised their stock options under the Dynacons-
Employees Stock Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP-2020”). 
27. Shares
a. Issue of equity shares with differential rights: All the equity shares issued by the Company carry similar voting rights 
and the Company has not issued any equity shares with differential voting rights during the financial year under 
review.
b. Buyback of Securities: The Company has not bought back any of the securities during the year under review.
c. Sweat Equity: The Company has not issued any sweat equity shares during the year under review.
d. Preferential issue: The Company has not issued any equity shares through preferential issue during the year under 
review.
e. Employee Stock Option Plan: The Company has not provided any stock options to the employees for the year 
under review. However, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in its meeting held on August 10, 2022, had 
approved grant of 33,500 stock options under ‘Dynacons - Employees Stock Option Plan 2020’ (ESOP — 2020) of 
which 20,050 equity shares were allotted to the eligible Employees of the Company who had exercised their stock 
options and the Company had received Listing/trading approval from BSE Ltd and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited on April 12, 2024 and 12,200 Equity shares were allotted in the Board Meeting held on January 03, 2025, for 
===== PDF PAGE 40 =====
39
which the Company received Listing/trading approval from BSE Ltd and National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
on January 14, 2025. Further, the Company had received In-Principal Approval from BSE Limited on 10th February, 
2022 and from National Stock Exchange India Limited on 1st April, 2022 for listing of 15,00,000 (Fifteen Lakhs) Equity 
Shares of `10 each to be allotted under Dynacons – Employee Stock Option Plan 2020. 
28. Employees Share Option Plan 2020
The Company, at the 25 th Annual General Meeting held on 30 th September, 2020, had taken the approval of the 
shareholders for its Employees Stock Option Plan (Dynacons-ESOP-2020). Further the Board on the recommendation 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee vide its meeting dated 10th March, 2022 made alterations/amendments 
to the existing scheme of the Company, namely Dynacons– Employee Stock Option Plan 2020” in order to make the 
scheme consistent with existing regulatory requirements (i.e., Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021).
The Company has not provided any stock options to the employees for the year under review. However, the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee in its meeting held on August 10, 2022, had approved grant of 33,500 stock options under 
‘Dynacons - Employees Stock Option Plan 2020’ (ESOP — 2020) of which 20,050 equity shares were allotted to the 
eligible Employees of the Company who had exercised their stock options under the Dynacons-Employees Stock Option 
Plan 2020 (“ESOP-2020”) in the Board Meeting held on March 29, 2024, and the Company had received Listing/Trading 
approval from BSE Ltd and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on April 12, 2024 and 12,200 Equity shares were 
allotted in the Board Meeting held on January 03, 2025,for which the Company received Listing/trading approval from 
BSE Ltd and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on January 14, 2025.
With this allotment, the paid-up capital of the Company had increased to Rs. 12,72,53,300/- divided into 1,27,25,330 
equity shares of face value of Rs. 10/- each.
Further the  Nomination and Remuneration Committee in its meeting held on January 09, 2025, had approved grant of 
12,750 stock options under ‘Dynacons - Employees Stock Option Plan 2020’ (ESOP — 2020).
Disclosure pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021 for the year ended March 31, 2025, is available at the website of the Company at www.dynacons.
com. The certificate from the Secretarial Auditors of the Company stating that the Schemes have been implemented 
in accordance with the SEBI Regulations would be placed at the ensuing Annual General Meeting for inspection by 
members.
29. Credit Rating
Your Directors have pleasure to inform that Acuite carried out a credit rating assessment of the Company for both 
short-term and long-term bank facilities in compliance with norms implemented by Reserve Bank of India for all banking 
facilities, which enables the Company to access banking services at low costs, below is the latest ratings provided to the 
Company
Name of the Agencies Facilities Amt (in Cr.) New/ Re-affirmed Rating 
assigned & Rating outlook
Acuite Ratings & Research 
Ltd.
Long Term Instruments (Bank Loan) 35 ACUITE A- (Outlook: 
Stable) Assigned
Acuite Ratings & Research 
Ltd.
Short Term Instruments (Bank Loan) 30 ACUITE A2+ (Outlook: NA) 
Reaffirmed
Acuite Ratings & Research 
Ltd.
Long Term Instruments (Bank Loan) 20 ACUITE A- (Outlook: 
Stable) Assigned
Acuite Ratings & Research 
Ltd.
Short Term Instruments (Bank Loan) 160 ACUITE A2+ (Outlook: NA) 
Assigned
===== PDF PAGE 41 =====
40
Considering the request made by the Company, and as per the policy on withdrawal of CARE Ratings and on receipt of 
NOC for the Bank facilities from the Bank, CARE Ratings vide their letter dated February 12, 2025, had communicated 
the withdrawal of its credit ratings assigned to the bank facilities of the Company. 
30. Fixed Deposits
During the financial year under review, the Company has not accepted any type of deposits which falls under the purview 
of Chapter V of the Companies Act, 2013 read the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 and accordingly, 
the disclosure requirements stipulated under the said Chapter are not applicable. There were no unclaimed or unpaid 
deposits as on March 31, 2025.
No money has been received by the Company from any of its director.
31. Directors Responsibility Statement
Pursuant to the provisions of clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Directors 
confirm that, to the best of their knowledge and belief:
(a) In the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards had been followed along with no 
material departures; 
(b) They have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates that 
are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end of the 
financial year and of the profit/loss of the Company for that period; 
(c) They have taken proper and sufficient care, to the best of their knowledge and ability, for the maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for 
preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
(d) They have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis; and 
(e) They have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal financial 
controls are adequate and were operating effectively
(f) They have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such 
systems were adequate and operating effectively. 
32. Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption, Research & Development and Foreign Exchange Earnings and 
Outgo
 Information pursuant to Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) the Companies (Accounts) 
Rules, 2014 forming part of Directors’ Report for the year ended March 31, 2025 is as under:
(A) Conservation of energy:
(i) The steps taken or impact on 
conservation of energy
The Company’s operations involve low energy consumption. However, 
efforts to conserve and optimize the use of energy through improved 
operational methods and other means will continue.
(ii) The steps taken by the 
Company for utilizing alternate 
sources of energy
During the year under review, there were no alternate sources of energy 
utilized by the Company, however as and when any such opportunities 
arise, the Directors shall take necessary steps to utilize such alternate 
sources of energy.
(iii) The capital investment 
on energy conservation 
equipment
The Company has not incurred any capital investment on energy 
conservation equipment during the year under review.
===== PDF PAGE 42 =====
41
(B) Technology absorption:
(i) The efforts made towards 
technology absorption
Considering the nature of business activities carried out by the Company 
during the year under review, technology has played a vital role. The 
Directors have taken necessary steps to ensure that wherever the Company 
can adopt and upgrade the technology and digitize processes, the same has 
been done to achieve business growth.
(ii) The benefits derived like 
product improvement, 
cost reduction, product 
development or import 
substitution:
Considering the nature of the business carried out by the Company, use of 
technology and digitization has enhanced the efficiency of the Company’s 
business.
(iii) Details of imported technology:
(a) The details of technology 
imported
No technology has been imported by the Company during the financial year. 
(b) The year on import Not Applicable 
(c) Whether the technology been 
fully absorbed
Not Applicable 
(d) If not fully absorbed, areas 
where absorption has not 
taken place, and the reasons 
thereof.
Not Applicable 
(iv) The expenditure incurred on 
research and development
Your Company believes that research & development is a continuous process 
for sustained corporate excellence. Our research & development activities 
help us in product and service improvement, effective time management 
and are focused to provide unique benefits to our customers.  Such methods 
do not involve any specific cost burden to the Company-NIL
(C) Foreign exchange earnings and out-go are set out below:
Particulars Financial year ended 
on March 31, 2025  (in 
INR (in Lakhs))
Financial year ended 
on March 31, 2024 (in 
INR (in Lakhs))
Foreign Exchange Earnings 2312.16 1,319.75
Foreign Exchange Outgo 762.43 733.22 
 (Including capital goods and other expenditure)
33. Board Evaluation
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board has carried out an annual performance evaluation 
of its own performance, the directors individually as well as the evaluation of the working of its Audit, Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee. The manner in which the evaluation has been carried out has been explained in the Corporate 
Governance Report.
34. Number of Meetings of the Board
During the year, 13 (Thirteen) Board Meetings were held. The details of the Board and various Committee meetings are 
given in the Corporate Governance Report.
===== PDF PAGE 43 =====
42
35. Meeting of Independent Directors
The Independent Directors met once during the year on March 20, 2025 to review the working of the Company, its Board 
and Committees. The meeting decided on the process of evaluation of the Board and Audit Committee. It designed the 
questionnaire on limited parameters and completed the evaluation of the Board by Non-Executive Directors and of the 
Audit committee by other members of the Board. The same was compiled by Independent authority and informed to the 
members.
36. Declaration by an Independent Director(s) 
The Board has received the declaration from all the Independent Directors (Including Independent Director appointed 
during the year) as per the Section 149(7) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Board is satisfied that all the Independent 
Directors meet the criterion of independence as mentioned in Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013. 
37. Policy on directors’ appointment and remuneration and other details
The Company’s policy on directors’ remuneration and appointment and other matters provided in Section 178(3) of the 
Act has been disclosed in the corporate governance report, which forms part of this report.
38. Internal Financial Control System
The details in respect of internal financial control and their adequacy are included in the Management Discussion and 
Analysis, which is a part of this report.
39. Committees of the Board
The Board has set up various Committees in compliance with the requirements of the business & relevant provisions of 
applicable laws and layered down well documented terms of references of all the Committees. During the year under 
review, all the recommendations/ submissions made by the Audit Committee and other Committees of the Board were 
accepted by the Board.
There are currently 5 Committees of the Board, as follows: 
• Audit Committee 
• Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
• Stakeholders’ Relationship and Grievance Committee
• Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
• Risk Management Committee
• Other committees as required to be formed by the Company under statutory laws.
The details pertaining to the composition, number of meeting, attendance, etc. of the Board’s Committees are included in 
the Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this report.
40. Vigil Mechanism (Whistle Blower Policy)
Your Company has established a mechanism called ‘Vigil Mechanism’, as per Section 177(9) of the Act and Regulation 
22 of SEBI Listing Regulations, for directors and employees to report the unethical behavior, actual or suspected, 
fraud or violation of the Company’s code of conduct or ethics policy and provides safeguards against victimization of 
employees who avail the mechanism. The Vigil Mechanism Policy has been uploaded on the website of the Company at  
http://dynacons.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Vigil-mechanism-policy-DSSL-Final.pdf
41. Risk Management Policy
 Risk Management Policy identifies, communicate and manage material risks across the organization. The policy also 
ensures that responsibilities have been appropriately delegated for risk management. Key Risk and mitigation measures 
are provided in the Management Discussion and Analysis annexed to the Annual Report.
===== PDF PAGE 44 =====
43
42. Corporate Social Responsibility
The Company has constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee as per Section 135(1) of the Companies 
Act, 2013. The composition of CSR Committee and terms of reference are provided in Corporate Governance Report. 
The CSR policy, composition of CSR committee and the CSR activities is uploaded on the Company’s website at  
www.dynacons.com. The CSR Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 is annexed to this report as Annexure-IV.
43. Annual Return:
As required pursuant to Section 92(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 12(1) of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, an extract of annual return in MGT-7 is available on the website of the company at the web 
link: https://dynacons.com/investors/others/annual-return/   
44. Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or investments:
Details of Loans, Guarantees and Investments covered under the provisions of Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
are given in the note no. 32.10(b) to the Financial Statements.
45. Particulars of contracts or arrangements with related parties:
All contracts/arrangements/transactions entered by the Company during the financial year with related parties were 
in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis. The details of material contracts or arrangements or 
transactions at arm's length basis or otherwise have been disclosed in Form AOC-2 as Annexure V.
Policy on materiality of related party transactions and dealing with related party transactions as approved by the Board is 
uploaded on the Company’s website at https://dynacons.com/investors/policies/
46. Obligation of Company under the Sexual harassment of women at workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013
Your Company has adopted a policy for prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women at workplace. An Internal Complaints 
Committee has been constituted in line with the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013 (‘the said Act’). During the year Company has not received any complaint of harassment. However, 
as required the following is the details of complaints received and resolved during the year:
Number of 
complaints of sexual 
harassment received 
in the year;
Number of 
complaints disposed 
off during the year
Number of cases 
pending for more 
than ninety days
Number of workshop 
or awareness 
programmes against 
sexual harassment 
carried out 
Nature of action 
taken
NIL NIL NIL 4 NA
47. Cash flow and consolidated financial statements
As required under Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations, a Cash Flow Statement and Consolidated Financial Statement 
is a Part of Annual Report.  
48. Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code
During the year, there was no application made or any proceeding pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 
2016 hence the requirement to disclose the details of application made or proceeding pending at the end of financial year 
is not applicable.
===== PDF PAGE 45 =====
44
49. Disclosure under rule 8(5)(xii) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
During the year, there were no instances where your Company required the valuation for one time settlement or while 
taking the loan from the Banks or Financial institutions. The requirement to disclose the details of difference between 
amount of valuation done at the time of onetime settlement and valuation done while taking loan from the Banks and 
Financial Institutions along with the reasons thereof is also not applicable.
50. Disclosure under the Maternity Benefits Act, 1961
The Company is in compliance with the provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, which ensures maternity benefits 
to women employees as per applicable law. During the financial year ended March 31, 2025, the provisions of the Act 
were applicable to the Company; however, no instances arose wherein maternity benefits were availed by any woman 
employee of the Company.
The Company remains committed to providing a safe, inclusive, and supportive work environment for all employees, in 
line with applicable laws and best practices.
51. Disclosure Requirements
As per SEBI Listing Regulations, the Corporate Governance Report with the Auditors’ Certificate thereon is forming part 
of Corporate Governance Report, and the integrated Management Discussion and Analysis are attached, which forms 
part of this report.
The Company has devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable Secretarial Standards 
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and that such systems are adequate and operating effectively.
The equity shares of the Company were not suspended from trading during the year on account of corporate actions or 
otherwise.
No application has been made under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, hence requirement to disclose the details of 
application made or any proceedings pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31 of 2016) during the 
year along with their status as at the end of the Financial Year is not applicable to the Company.
The requirement to disclose the details of difference between amount of valuation done at the time of onetime settlement 
and valuation done while taking loan from the Banks and Financial Institutions along with the reasons thereof is also not 
applicable.
52. Acknowledgements
Your Directors thank the Company’s Investors, Clients, Vendors, Bankers, Business and various governmental as well as 
regulatory agencies for their continued support and confidence in the management.
Your Directors wish to place on record their deep sense of appreciation of the dedicated and sincere services rendered 
by employees at all levels during the year. Your Company’s consistent growth was made possible by their hard work, 
solidarity, cooperation and support.
            For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
            Shirish Anjaria              Parag Dalal 
            Chairman cum   Executive Director
                       Managing Director           Din no.:00409894
            Din no.: 00444104
Date: September 03, 2025
Place: Mumbai
===== PDF PAGE 46 =====
45
Annexure-I
Form AOC-1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries/associate companies/joint ventures
Part “A”: Subsidiaries
(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with amounts in USD):
Sl. 
No.
Particulars Details
1. Name of the subsidiary Dynacons Systems & Solutions Pte. Ltd.
2. Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different 
from the holding company’s reporting period
Same As Holding Company
3. Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last 
date of the relevant Financial year in the case of foreign 
subsidiaries
USD
4. Share capital 7678
5. Reserves & surplus (10,702)
6. Total assets 16,137
7. Total Liabilities 19,161
8. Investments -
9. Turnover 4,800
10. Profit before taxation (13,508)
11. Provision for taxation 516
12. Profit after taxation (12,992)
13. Proposed Dividend -
14. % of shareholding of holding company 100%
Part "B": Associates and Joint Ventures
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
(All amounts in Rs. lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Details
1. Name of the Associate Company Cybercons Infosec Private Limited
2. Latest audited Balance Sheet Date March 31, 2025
3. Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by the Company 
on the year end 
No. 50,000 equity shares
Amount of Investment in Associates/Joint Venture Rs.5,00,000
Extend of Holding % 50%
4. Description of how there is significant influence Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited holds fifty percent 
of the shares in Cybercons Infosec Private Limited 
(“Associate Company”)
5. Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated Not Applicable
===== PDF PAGE 47 =====
46
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Details
6. Networth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited 
Balance Sheet
32,02,426 
7. Profit / Loss for the year 
i. Considered in Consolidation 19,14,367 
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation -
  
1. Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations- Not Applicable 
2. Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year- Not Applicable
  
            For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
            Shirish Anjaria              Parag Dalal 
            Chairman cum   Executive Director
                       Managing Director           Din no.:00409894
            Din no.: 00444104
Date: September 03, 2025
Place: Mumbai
 

===== PDF PAGE 48 =====
47
ANNEXURE II to the Directors’ Reports
PARTICULARS OF REMUNERATION
The information required under Section 197 of the Act read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is follows: -
(a)  The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the 
financial year;
Executive Directors Designation Ratio to Median Remuneration
Shirish Anjaria Chairman cum Managing Director 67.69
Parag Dalal Whole-time/Executive Director 61.80
Dharmesh Anjaria Whole-time/Executive Director and 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
61.80
(b)  The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Company 
Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year;
Name of Person Designation  % Increase in remuneration
Shirish Anjaria Chairman cum Managing Director 15.00%
Parag Dalal Whole-time/Executive Director 16.67%
Dharmesh Anjaria Whole-time/Executive Director and 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO
16.67%
(c)  The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year: 12.48%
 Note: Percentage in bracket represents negative percentage.
(d) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of company: 1013
(e)  Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last 
financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and 
point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration
 The average increase in salaries of employees other than managerial personnel in 2023-24 was 11.59%. Percentage 
increase in the managerial remuneration for the year was 16.07%.
(f)  The key parameters for any variable component of remuneration availed by the directors;
 No Variable Component in the Remuneration availed by Directors
(g)  Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company
(1) The Company’s remuneration policy is driven by the success and performance of the individual employees and the 
Company. Through its compensation package, the Company endeavors to attract, retain, develop and motivate a high 
performance staff. The Company follows a compensation mix of fixed pay, benefits and performance based variable 
pay. Individual performance pay is determined by business performance and the performance of the individuals 
measured through the annual appraisal process. The Company affirms remuneration is as per the remuneration 
policy of the Company.
(2) The statement to the board’s report shall include a statement showing the name of every employee of the Company 
who-
===== PDF PAGE 49 =====
48
(i) if employed throughout the financial year, was in receipt of remuneration for that year which, in the aggregate, was 
not less one crore and two lakh rupees; - 
Name of the 
Employee and Age
Mr. Shirish M. 
Anjaria (80 Years)
Mr. Parag J. Dalal  
(57 Years)
Mr. Dharmesh S. 
Anjaria (52 Years)
Mr. Satya Pattnaik 
(51 Years)
Designation/Nature of 
Employment
Chairman cum 
Managing Director
Whole-Time Director Whole-time Director Vice President
Remuneration 
Received
Rs. 1,38,00,000 p.a. Rs. 1,26,00,000 p.a. Rs. 1,26,00,000 p.a. Rs. 1,28,56,434 p.a.
Qualification and 
Experience 
Shirish M. Anjaria is 
a business leader 
with successful & 
fruitful career of over 
five decades. He 
has wide experience 
across industries 
and has rich 
exposure in Business 
Management, 
Corporate Affairs, 
customer relations 
and Corporate 
Social Responsibility 
Activities. Under 
his Chairmanship, 
Dynacons has forged 
strategic alliances 
with global IT majors 
such as IBM, Intel, 
HP, Microsoft, 
Lenovo, Sony, Cisco 
etc. He was also 
the founder of the 
Millenium PC initiative 
which was recognized 
by Intel, USA.
Mr. Parag J. Dalal 
has over 30 years 
of work experience, 
in the field of 
Business, Information 
Technology, Software 
Development 
and Services. His 
areas of focus 
include Business 
Strategy, Business 
Development, 
Business Continuity 
Management 
and emerging 
technologies like 
Cloud Computing. 
He is responsible 
for the growth of 
Dynacons on PAN 
India level across 
different industries 
segments including 
Shipping, Education, 
Government, Banking 
and Financial 
Services. He is also 
responsible for taking 
new initiatives such 
as Transformation 
through IT and 
bringing in 
operational efficiency 
through the usage of 
ICT.
Mr. Dharmesh 
Anjaria has more 
than 25 years of 
work experience, is 
responsible for the 
Managed Services 
business of the 
Company, providing 
strategic direction on 
technology initiatives 
in line with core 
organizational goals 
and also handles 
Finance, Taxation 
and Corporate Affairs.  
He has rich exposure 
in the various 
facets of business 
and has a strong 
record of success 
in creating robust IT 
architectures and 
infrastructures and a 
proven ability to bring 
the benefits of IT to 
solve business issues 
while managing costs 
and risks. Mr. Anjaria 
is also responsible 
for Global customer 
management and 
alliances  
Mr. Satya Pattnaik 
currently working as 
a Vice President in 
Dynacons Systems 
& Solutions Limited, 
has an experience of 
over 23 years in IT 
Service Industry. He 
has done Masters 
of Administration 
(MBA) in Information 
Technology and 
post graduate in 
economics from 
Berhampur University. 
Mr. Pattnaik is 
responsible for 
business operations 
project(s) including 
the development 
of projects and 
objectives, leading 
project initiatives, 
coordinating 
resources and 
staff involvement, 
providing oversight 
and direction and 
ensuring project 
completion
Date of Commence of 
Employment
26.09.1995 26.09.1995 30.09.1998 05.09.2000
The Last employment 
held before joining 
the Company
M/s National 
Insurance, M/s S.P. 
Corporation
M/s S.P. Corporation Birla Capital 
International AMC 
Limited
Nil
===== PDF PAGE 50 =====
49
Name of the 
Employee and Age
Mr. Shirish M. 
Anjaria (80 Years)
Mr. Parag J. Dalal  
(57 Years)
Mr. Dharmesh S. 
Anjaria (52 Years)
Mr. Satya Pattnaik 
(51 Years)
The Percentage of 
Equity Shares held 
by the employee in 
the Company within 
the meaning of the 
clause (iii) of Sub 
rule (2) of the Rule 
5 of the Companies 
(Appointment and 
Remuneration)Rules, 
2014 
9.12% 8.58% 7.52% 0.10%
Whether the 
Employee is a relative 
of any Director or 
Manager of the 
Company
The Directors, Mr. 
Shirish M. Anjaria 
& Mr. Dharmesh S. 
Anjaria having father 
and son relationship 
are related to each 
other within the 
meaning of the term 
“relative” as per 
Section 2(77) of the 
Act and as per SEBI 
(Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
There is no inter-
se relationships 
between the Director 
mentioned above, 
and Manager and 
other Key Managerial 
Personnel of the 
Company. 
The Directors, Mr. 
Shirish M. Anjaria 
& Mr. Dharmesh S. 
Anjaria having father 
and son relationship 
are related to each 
other within the 
meaning of the term 
“relative” as per 
Section 2(77) of the 
Act and as per SEBI 
(Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
There is no inter-se 
relationships between 
the employee 
mentioned above, 
and any Director, 
Manager and other 
Key Managerial 
Personnel of the 
Company.
(ii)  if employed for a part of the financial year, was in receipt of remuneration for any part of that year, at a rate which, in 
the aggregate, was not less than eight lakh and fifty thousand rupees per month;- Not Applicable to the Company
(iii)  if employed throughout the financial year or part thereof, was in receipt of remuneration in that year which, in the 
aggregate, or as the case may be, at a rate which, in the aggregate, is in excess of that drawn by the managing 
director or whole-time director or manager and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, 
not less than two percent of the equity shares of the company- Not Applicable to the Company.
            For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
            Shirish Anjaria              Parag Dalal 
            Chairman cum   Executive Director
                       Managing Director           Din no.:00409894
            Din no.: 00444104
Date: September 03, 2025
Place: Mumbai
 
===== PDF PAGE 51 =====
50
Annexure III to the Directors’ Reports
Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year Ended March 31, 2025
Form No. MR-3
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
DYNACONS SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by DYNACONS SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED (hereinafter called "The Company"). Secretarial Audit 
was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances 
and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our limited verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records 
maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized 
representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the 
audit period ended on 31 st March, 2025, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company 
has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting 
made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers and minute books, Forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the 
Company for the financial year ended on 31st March 2025, to the extent applicable provisions of:
I. The Companies Act, 2013 ("The Act") and the Rules made thereunder;
II. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ("SCRA") and the Rules made thereunder;
III. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
IV. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign 
Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;
V. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 ("SEBI 
Act") to the extent applicable to the Company: -
a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; 
c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; Not 
Applicable to the Company during the period under review;
d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 and The Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;
e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008 and The 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021; Not 
Applicable to the Company during the period under review;
f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 
regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; Not Applicable to the Company during the period under 
review;
===== PDF PAGE 52 =====
51
g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 and The Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; Not Applicable to the Company during 
the period under review; and
h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; Not Applicable to the 
Company during the period under review;  
VI. The Management has identified and confirmed the applicable Acts, Laws and Regulations specifically applicable to the 
Company as mentioned below: 
 i) The Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Rules made there under.
We have also examined compliances with the applicable clauses of the following:
i)  Secretarial Standards 1 and 2 as issued and revised by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India with effect from  
1st April, 2024.
ii)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as 
amended and made effective from time to time.
During the year under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, and 
standards as mentioned above.
We further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors 
and Independent Directors.
Adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent 
at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the 
agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting. 
During the financial year, following changes took place on the Board of Directors:
1. Mr. Shirish Anjaria has been re-appointed as Chairman cum Managing Director w.e.f. February 01, 2025 for the period of 
5 years on a remuneration of Rs. 1,38,00,000/- p.a.
2. Mr. Parag Dalal has been re-appointed as Whole Time Director w.e.f. February 1, 2025 for the period of 5 years on a 
remuneration of Rs. 1,26,00,000/- p.a.
3. Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria has been re-appointed as Whole Time Director w.e.f. February 1, 2025 for the period of 5 years on 
a remuneration of Rs. 1,26,00,000/- p.a.
4. On the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board of Directors, the 
Members of the Company appointed Mr. Ashok Bhumaiah Rajagiri (DIN:02107796) through Postal Ballot as Independent, 
Non-Executive Director for a Term of Five years w.e.f. March 05, 2025.
5. Mr. Jitesh Jain has resigned as an Independent Non-Executive Director w.e.f. March 04, 2025.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations 
of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
===== PDF PAGE 53 =====
52
We further report that during the audit period:
1. During the Period under review, the Board of Directors has approved the Interim Dividend of Rs. 0.50 per Equity share of 
Rs. 10 each (5% of the Face Value) in their Board Meeting dated August 12, 2024 and paid to shareholders eligible as on 
record date August 23, 2024 and the same has been ratified as the Final Dividend at the AGM held in the Year 2024.
2. The Company has passed a Special Resolution by Postal Ballot under Section 110 read with Section 108 and other 
applicable rules, for appointing Mr. Ashok Bhumaiah Rajagiri as an Independent, Non-Executive Director. Mr. Hemant 
Shetye (Mem. No. F2827), Designated Partner of M/s. HSPN & Associates LLP, was appointed as the Scrutinizer to 
conduct the remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. The result of Postal Ballot was announced on April 
11, 2025 by the Scrutinizer.
3. The Company has received Notice from the Stock Exchanges (BSE and NSE) for delay in Submission of Outcome of the 
Board Meeting held on May 30, 2024 under Regulation 33 of SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015.
 The Company has clarified the reason for delay in submission of results by intimating the stock exchanges on June 12, 
2024 and had applied for waiver application at stock exchanges and paid the Fine amount of Rs. 5000 (plus GST) at each 
exchange.
4. During the AGM held in the year 2024, following Directors were appointed/re-appointed:
a) Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria, who retires by rotation and being eligible has been re-appointed as Whole time Director.
b) Mr. Shirish Anjaria has been re-appointed as Chairman cum Managing Director for a period of 5 (five) years.
c) Mr. Parag Dalal has been re-appointed as Whole-time Director for a period of 5 (five) years.
d) Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria has been re-appointed as Whole-time Director for a period of 5 (five) years.
5. The Company has obtained Shareholders approval in the AGM held in the year 2024 for ratification of remuneration of Rs. 
1,50,000/- per annum (Rupees One Lakh Fifty Thousand only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of travel and out 
of pocket expenses, to be paid to M/s. Sarvottam Rege & Associates, Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 104190), 
to conduct the audit of the cost records of the Company for the Financial Year ending March 31, 2025.
6. During the Year under review, there are Changes/upgradation in the Credit Rating of the Debt Instruments of the Company 
as on November 28, 2024, December 13, 2024 and January 02, 2025 respectively which has also been disclosed on the 
website of the Stock Exchanges (BSE and NSE)                                                                                                                                                                
7. During the year, Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the company has approved the grant of 12,750 Stock 
options at the meeting held on January 09, 2025 to the eligible employees under Dynacons - Employees Stock Option 
Plan 2020’ (ESOP- 2020).
 Also, Board in their meeting held on January 03, 2025, had allotted 12,200 equity shares to the eligible Employees of 
the Company who had exercised their stock options under the Dynacons-Employees Stock Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP-
2020”). Further, the Company had received Listing/trading approval from BSE Ltd and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited on January 14, 2025.
              For HSPN & ASSOCIATES LLP
              Company Secretaries
Date: September 03, 2025         Hemant Shetye
Place: Mumbai           Designated Partner
ICSI UDIN: F002827G001156881        FCS No.: 2827 
Peer Review: 6035/2024         CP No.: 1483 
===== PDF PAGE 54 =====
53
Annexure-IIIA
Annexure to the Secretarial Auditors Report for the financial year ended March 31, 2025
To,
The Members,
DYNACONS SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1.   Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.   We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the 
correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on the test basis to ensure that correct 
facts are reflected in Secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable 
basis for our opinion.
3.    We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about compliance of laws, rules and regulations 
and happenings of events etc.
5. The compliance of provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
              For HSPN & ASSOCIATES LLP
              Company Secretaries
Date: September 03, 2025         Hemant Shetye
Place: Mumbai           Designated Partner
ICSI UDIN: F002827G001156881        FCS No.: 2827 
Peer Review: 6035/2024         CP No.: 1483 
===== PDF PAGE 55 =====
54
Annexure-IV
REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES FOR FINANCIAL YEAR 2024-25
1. A brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy, including overview of projects or programs proposed to be undertaken and 
a reference to the web-link to the CSR policy or projects or programs:
 The object of CSR Policy of the Company is to continue to contribute towards social welfare projects focusing on providing 
education, vocational training, promoting health care facilities to economically weaker and underprivileged section of the 
Society and to do such other activities as may be permissible under Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013(‘the Act’) 
and the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014(‘the Rules’).The Company’s CSR policy is 
available on website of the company https://dynacons.com/investors/policies/CSR%20Policy_DSSL_26.03.2021.pdf
2. The Composition of the CSR Committee:
 The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) committee consists of Executive and Non-Executive Director with the 
Chairman being an Independent Director. The committee is chaired by Mrs. Archana Phadke. The following are the 
members of the committee: -
Name of the Director and Designation Category
Mrs. Archana Phadke, Non-Executive-Independent Director Chairperson
Mr. Shirish Anjaria, Chairman cum Managing Director Member
Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria, Executive Director Member
Mr. Parag Dalal, Executive Director Member
3. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the 
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable – Not Applicable to the Company
4. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any- Nil
5. Average net profit of the company for last three financial years: Rs.4631.69 Lakhs/-
6. Prescribed CSR Expenditure (two per cent of the amount as in item 3 above): Rs.92.63 Lakh/-
7. Details of CSR spent during the financial year 2024-25
(a)  Total amount spent in the financial year: Rs. 92.67 Lakhs
(b)  Amount unspent, if any: - Nil 
(c)  Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years -Nil
(d)  Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: Nil
(e)  Total CSR obligation for the financial year: - Rs. 92.67 Lakhs
 
8. (a)  CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Total Amount 
Spent for the 
Financial Year. 
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Amount Unspent (Rs. In Lakhs)
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
Section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to Section 135(5)
Amount Date of Transfer Name of the 
Fund
Amount Date of Transfer
92.67 Nil - - Nil -
===== PDF PAGE 56 =====
55
(b) Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year: Not Applicable
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11)
Sl. 
No.
Name 
of     the 
Project.
Item from 
the list of 
activities 
in 
Schedule 
VII to the 
Act.
Local 
area 
(Yes/ 
No).
 
Location of the 
project.
Project 
duration.
Amount 
allocated 
for     the 
project (in 
Rs.).
Amount 
spent in 
the current 
financial 
year (in 
Rs.).
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
for the 
project as 
per Section 
135(6) (in 
Rs.).
Mode of 
Implementation-
Direct (Yes/No)
Mode of 
Implementation–
Through Implementing 
Agency
State.   District.   Name CSR 
Registration 
number
1. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
Total N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
(c) Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8)
Sr. 
No.
 
Name of the Project Item from 
the list of 
activities in  
schedule VII 
to the Act
Local area 
(Yes/ No)
Location of the project Amount 
spent 
for the 
project 
(in Rs.) In 
Lakhs
 
Mode of 
implementation- 
Direct (Yes/ No)
 
Mode of implementation–
Through implementing agency.
State District Name CSR 
Registration 
number
1 Amount paid to Lion 
Club of Juhu Service 
fund for education and 
Anajdaan
(ii) Yes* Maharashtra Igatpuri, 
Nashik
5.00 No Lion Club of Juhu 
Service fund
CSR00004270
(i) Yes* Maharashtra Mumbai 0.43
2 Amount paid to 
Shanmukhananda Fine 
Arts and Sangeetha 
Sabha for healthcare 
and measures for the 
benefit of armed forces 
veterans, war widows 
and their dependents
(i) Yes* Maharashtra Mumbai 1.50 No Shanmukhananda 
Fine Arts and 
Sangeetha Sabha
CSR00001777
(vi) Yes* Maharashtra Mumbai 5.00
3 Amount paid to Nandlal 
H. Valia Research and 
Charitable Trust for 
conducting medical 
camp for the benefit of 
Indian Army at Akhnoor, 
Jammu
(i) No Akhnoor, 
Jammu and 
Kashmir
Jammu 0.50 No Nandlal H. Valia 
Research and 
Charitable Trust
CSR00018321
4 Amount paid to Shree 
MAA Group Charitable 
Trust NARA towards 
animal welfare
(iv) Yes*  Gujarat Bhuj,Kutch 2.00 No Shree MAA Group 
Charitable Trust 
NARA
CSR00017452
5 Amount paid to Hiraba 
Parikh Charitable Trust 
for healthcare and 
education purpose and 
eradicating hunger
(ii) Yes* Maharashtra Ambernath 0.12 No Hiraba Parikh 
Charitable Trust
CSR00006640
(ii) Yes* Maharashtra Dhule 1.19
(ii) Yes* Maharashtra Mumbai 8.46
(ii) Yes* Maharashtra Panchgani 0.90
(ii) Yes* Madhya 
Pradesh
Bhopal* 1.04
(ii) No Rajasthan Udaipur 1.95
(ii) No Rajasthan Nathdwara 0.50
(ii) No Telangana Pedddapalli 0.48
(ii) Yes* Gujarat Vadodara 2.83
(i) Yes* Maharashtra Mumbai 7.44
(i) Yes* Maharashtra Pune 0.16
(i) Yes* Maharashtra Pune 0.25
(i) No Rajasthan Nathdwara 0.24
(i) Yes* Gujarat Vadodara 0.50
(i) Yes* Maharashtra Mumbai 0.50
6 Ramkrishna Seva 
Mandal for promoting 
education opportunities 
for students
(ii) Yes* Gujarat Kachchh 2.00 No Ramkrishna Seva 
Mandal
CSR00011908
===== PDF PAGE 57 =====
56
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8)
Sr. 
No.
 
Name of the Project Item from 
the list of 
activities in  
schedule VII 
to the Act
Local area 
(Yes/ No)
Location of the project Amount 
spent 
for the 
project 
(in Rs.) In 
Lakhs
 
Mode of 
implementation- 
Direct (Yes/ No)
 
Mode of implementation–
Through implementing agency.
State District Name CSR 
Registration 
number
7 Vivekanand Medical 
Foundation and 
Research Centre for 
Pediatric Cardiac 
Program
(i) Yes* Maharashtra Latur 1.00 No Vivekanand 
Medical 
Foundation and 
Research Centre
CSR00005514
8 Nirmala Institute for 
promoting education 
and employment 
enhancing vocation 
skills project
(ii) Yes* Maharashtra Palghar 1.00 No Nirmala Institute CSR00003623
9 Omkarnath Music 
Foundation Trust for 
promoting art and 
culture
(v) No Tamil Nadu Dharmapuri 5.00 No Omkarnath Music 
Foundation Trust
CSR00080717
10 Amcha Ghar for 
promoting education
(ii) Yes* Maharashtra Thane 2.69 No Amcha Ghar CSR00000102
11 Josh Foundation for 
providing hearing aids 
and promoting special 
education for differently 
abled children
(i) Yes* Maharashtra Mumbai 15.00 No Josh Foundation CSR00006710
(ii) Yes* Maharashtra Mumbai 5.00
12 Rotary Service Public 
Charitable Trust for 
promoting education
(ii) Yes* Maharashtra Dahanu, 
Palghar
20.00 No Rotary Service 
Public Charitable 
Trust
CSR00006752
TOTAL Rs. 92.67   
 *Note- Company has a nationwide presence
 (d) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: Nil
 (e) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: NIL
 (f) Total amount spent for the Financial Year: Rs.92.67 Lakh
 (g) Excess amount for set off, if any – Rs. 0.04 lakh
9. (a)  Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years:
Sr. 
No.
Preceding Financial 
Year
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under 
Section 135 
(6) (Rs. in 
Lakh)
Amount 
spent in the 
reporting 
Financial 
Year (Rs. in 
Lakh)
Amount transferred to any fund 
specified under Schedule VII as per 
Section 135(6), if any
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
financial 
years (Rs.  
Lakh)
Name of the 
Fund
Amount (Rs. 
In Lakh)
Date of 
Transfer
1. Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil N.A. Nil
 (b) Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s): Nil
10. In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through 
CSR spent in the financial year (asset-wise details)
(a)  Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s): None
(b)  Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset: NIL
===== PDF PAGE 58 =====
57
(c) Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset is registered, their address 
etc.: Not Applicable
(d)  Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired (including complete address and location of the capital 
asset): Not Applicable
11. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per Section 135(5): Not 
Applicable
12. A responsibility statement of the CSR committee that the implementation and monitoring of CSR Policy, is in compliance 
with CSR objectives and Policy of the Company:
 
 The CSR Committee hereby confirms that the implementation and monitoring of CSR Policy will be in compliance with 
CSR objectives and policy of the Company.
                                              For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
                                    Shirish Anjaria  Archana Phadke     Parag Dalal
               Chairman cum              Chairperson of Corporate Social  Executive Director
               Managing Director         Responsibility Committee                Din no.: 00409894
               Din no.: 00444104      Din No.:07138774
Date: September 03, 2025
Place: Mumbai
 
Annexure V to the Directors’ Reports

===== PDF PAGE 59 =====
58
FORM NO. AOC -2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
Form for Disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred to in sub 
section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transaction under third proviso thereto.
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at Arm’s length basis.
 There were no contracts or arrangements or transactions entered in to during the year ended March 31, 2025, which were 
not at arm's length basis.
2. Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at Arm’s length basis.
 The Company has entered into related party transactions during the year, all of which were in the ordinary course of 
business and at arm’s length basis (which can be referred at Point no. 32.4 of standalone financial statement and Point 
no. 31.4 of consolidated financial statement), and none were material as per the applicable thresholds.
             For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
             Shirish Anjaria   Parag Dalal 
                                                                            Chairman cum   Executive Director
                                                                            Managing Director   Din no.: 00409894
                                                                            Din no.: 00444104
Date : September 03, 2025
Place: Mumbai
===== PDF PAGE 60 =====
59
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Directors present the Company’s Report on Corporate Governance for the year ended March 31, 2025. 
The Report for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 on compliance by the Company with the Corporate Governance 
provisions as prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) is given below
1.    COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF GOVERNANCE
Corporate governance is more than compliance — it reflects who we are. At Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited, 
we continuously strive to uphold ethical standards and responsible practices. We are dedicated to continuously refining 
our governance practices to reflect evolving standards, ensuring that our operations remain ethical, transparent, and 
accountable. 
Our approach to corporate governance is rooted in the core principles that guide our business conduct and stakeholder 
engagement. It mirrors our value system—shaped by our culture, policies, and commitment to building strong relationships 
with stakeholders. Integrity and transparency remain central to our governance practices, enabling us to earn and uphold 
the trust and confidence of all stakeholders consistently.
The Company's corporate governance philosophy is centered on: (a) enhancing long-term shareholder value by 
supporting top management in making informed business decisions and exercising prudent financial management; 
(b) fostering transparency and professionalism across all operations and decisions; and (c) striving for excellence in 
corporate governance by adhering to established regulatory guidelines, exceeding them where possible, and continuously 
reviewing and improving existing systems and controls.
Our corporate governance framework ensures that we make timely disclosures and share accurate information regarding 
our financials and performance, as well as disclosures related to the leadership and governance of Dynacons Systems 
& Solutions Limited (‘the Company’). The Company aims at maximizing the Shareholders’ value with improvement in 
performing of the Company and protecting the interests of all the stakeholders through increased transparency in its 
operations and compliance of statutory requirements.
The Company’s corporate governance philosophy has been further strengthened through, the Code of Conduct for 
Prevention of Insider Trading and the Code of Corporate Disclosure Practices (“Insider Trading Code”). The Company 
has adopted a Code of Conduct for its employees including the Managing Director and the Executive Directors. In 
addition, the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its non-executive directors which includes Code of Conduct 
for Independent Directors that suitably incorporates the duties of independent directors as laid down in the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”).
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has notified Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) on September 2, 2015. The 
Company is in compliance with the requirements stipulated under regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses 
(b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of regulation 46 of SEBI Listing Regulations, as applicable, with regard to corporate 
governance.
 
2.  BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Dynacons Governance structure broadly comprises the Board of Directors and the Committees of the Board at the 
apex level and the Management structure at the operational level. This layered approach fosters effective governance, 
wherein the Board defines the overarching corporate goals and strategic direction, while empowering Management with 
the autonomy to execute these objectives within a defined framework. This synergy creates a conducive environment 
for long-term value creation through sustainable and profitable growth. The composition of the Board complies with 
Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, along with Sections 149 and 152 of the Companies Act.
===== PDF PAGE 61 =====
60
The Board of Directors of the Company consists of professionals from varied disciplines. The Company has an appropriate 
mix of executive and independent directors to maintain its independence and separate its functions of governance and 
management. The day-to-day management of the affairs of the Company is entrusted with the senior management 
personnel, headed by the Board of Director, who functions under the overall supervision, direction and control of the 
Board of Directors (“The Board”) of the Company. 
The Board meets regularly to discuss, review and decide upon the matters such as policy formulation, setting up of goals, 
appraisal of performances with the goals and control functions, etc. In order to facilitate the day-to-day business affairs 
of the Company, the Board has constituted various committees of the Board and has delegated necessary powers to the 
Committees, Managing Director, Executive Directors, CFO, and Key Managerial Personnel. The Board thus exercises 
control over the overall functioning of the Company with a view to enhance the stakeholders value.
As mandated by proviso under Regulation 17A (1) of the Listing Regulations as of March 31, 2025, (a) none of the 
Independent Directors of the Company served as an Independent Director in more than seven listed entities also, (b) 
none of the Directors who are the Executive Directors serves as independent directors in more than three listed entities 
and as per Regulation 26 of Listing Regulations none of Directors is a member of more than ten Committees or acting as 
Chairperson of more than five Committees across all listed companies in which he/she is a Director. None of the Directors 
on the Board holds directorships in more than ten public companies. The necessary disclosures regarding Committee 
positions have been made by the Directors. None of the Directors are related to each other except Mr. Shirish Anjaria 
and Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria.
Independent Directors are non-executive directors as defined under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
read with Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed thereunder. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI Listing 
Regulations, they have confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be 
reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties. Based on the declarations received 
from the Independent Directors, the Board of Directors has confirmed that they meet the criteria of independence as 
mentioned under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and that they are independent of the management.
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS’ MEETING 
During the year under review, as required under Schedule IV to the Companies Act, 2013, and the provisions of SEBI 
Listing Regulations, 2015, the Independent Directors met on March 20, 2025, without the presence of Executive Directors 
or members of management, inter alia, to discuss:
• Eval uation of performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board of Directors as a whole;
• Evaluation of performance of the Chairman of the Company, taking into account the views of the Executive and Non-
Executive Directors
• Evaluation of the quality, content and timelines of flow of information between the Management and the Board that 
is necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform its duties.
• Level of participation of directors at the board and committee meetings, independence of judgments, performance 
of duties and obligations by directors, implementation of good corporate governance.
The Independent Directors were satisfied with the overall functioning of the Board, its various Committees, Non-
Independent Directors and the Chairman.
BOARD MEETING AND PROCEDURES
The Company values and actively promotes diversity on its Board, recognizing it as a key driver of sustained success. 
A truly diverse Board brings together varied perspectives, experiences, and expertise — spanning geography, culture, 
industry, age, ethnicity, gender, and domain knowledge. This includes strengths in areas such as finance, global business, 
leadership, technology, board governance, strategy, sales and marketing, risk management, and cybersecurity. Such 
diversity enhances decision-making and helps Dynacons maintain its competitive edge.
===== PDF PAGE 62 =====
61
Directors are provided with well-structured and comprehensive agenda papers in advance. All material information is 
incorporated in the Agenda for facilitating meaningful and focused discussion in the meeting. Minutes of the Board 
Meetings/Committee Meetings are circulated to the Directors well in advance and confirmed at the subsequent meetings. 
The maximum gap between any two meetings was not more than one hundred and twenty days. 
In some instances, documents are tabled at the meetings and the presentations are also made by the respective 
executives on the matters related to them at the Board or Committee Meetings. The information as mentioned in Part A 
of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, has been placed before the Board for its consideration. The Directors are also 
provided the facility of video/tele-conferencing to enable them to participate effectively in the Meeting(s), as and when 
required.
During the year under review, thirteen (13) Board Meetings were held on April 30, 2024, May 30, 2024, July 12, 2024, 
August 12, 2024, September 02, 2024, September 24, 2024, November 08, 2024, November 29, 2024, January 03, 2025, 
January 31, 2025, February 17, 2025, March 04, 2025 and March 14, 2025. The necessary quorum was present for all 
the meetings.
The Board Meetings are held at the Corporate Office of the Company.  
ROLE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The primary function of the Board is to act as a trustee for shareholders — safeguarding and enhancing shareholder 
value. In fulfilling this fiduciary duty, the Board ensures that the Company’s goals are clearly defined and aligned with 
long-term value creation and growth. Additionally, the Board is responsible for:
• Exercising effective oversight to ensure that the Company is managed efficiently and in a manner that meets 
stakeholder expectations and broader societal responsibilities.
• Monitoring and enhancing the effectiveness of the Company’s governance framework, implementing changes when 
necessary.
• Offering strategic direction and ensuring robust oversight of Management activities.
• Exercising independent judgment in all corporate matters.
• Appointing an adequate number of non-executive directors to areas where potential conflicts of interest may arise, 
thereby reinforcing independent oversight.
• Reviewing and guiding the Company’s overall strategy, key initiatives, risk management policies, annual budgets, 
and business plans. This includes setting performance benchmarks, tracking execution and results, and overseeing 
major investments, acquisitions, and divestments.
The maximum tenure of independent directors complies with the Act. All the Independent Directors have confirmed that 
they meet the criteria as mentioned under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with Section 149(6) 
of the Act. Further, the Independent Directors have included their names in the data bank of Independent Directors 
maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs in terms of Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the 
Companies (Appointment & Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.
The Independent Directors have made disclosures confirming that there is no material, financial and/or commercial 
transactions between Independent Directors and the Company, which could have potential conflict of interest with the 
Company at large. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI Listing Regulations, they have confirmed that they are not aware 
of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to 
discharge their duties.
===== PDF PAGE 63 =====
62
The following table gives details of composition of the Board of Directors and the number of other Board of Directors of 
which they are a member/Chairman are as under:
Name of 
Director
Category of 
Directorship
Attendance at 
last AGM held 
on September 
30, 2024
No. of Board 
Meetings 
Attended
No. of other 
Directorships 
in other Public 
Companies
Member-ships 
in Audit /
Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
/ Stakeholders 
Relationship 
/ Other 
Committee
Chairmanships 
in Audit / 
Nomination and 
Remuneration 
/ Stakeholders 
Relationship 
/ Other 
Committee
Category of 
directorship 
and Names of 
listed entities 
where person 
is a director
Number of 
shares held in 
the Company
Mr. Shirish 
M.  Anjaria 
Din.:00444104
Promoter, 
Chairman cum 
Managing 
Director
Yes 13 0 0 0 Nil 11,60,948
Mr. Parag 
J. Dalal 
Din.:00409894
Promoter, 
Executive &  
Whole-time 
Director
Yes 13 0 0 0 Nil 10,92,016
Mr. Dharmesh  
S. Anjaria 
Din:00445009
Promoter, 
Executive &  
Whole-time 
Director
Yes 13 0 0 0 Nil 9,56,890
Mr. Vijay Doshi 
Din: 09716581
Non- Executive 
& Independent 
Director
Yes 10 0 2 0 Nil 0
$Mr. Jitesh 
J. Jain 
Din:00282797
Non- Executive 
& Independent 
Director
Yes 10 0 $2 $1 Nil 0
*Mr. Ashok B. 
Rajagiri Din: 
02107796
Non- Executive 
& Independent 
Director
NA 1 0 *2 *1 Nil 0
Mrs. Archana 
V. Phadke 
Din:07138774
Non- Executive 
& Independent 
Director
Yes 7 0 2 1 Nil 0
The Directors, Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria & Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria having father and son relationship are related to each 
other within the meaning of the term “relative” as per Section 2(77) of the Act and as per SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. Other than these, none of the Directors are related.
The Non-Executive Directors with their diverse knowledge, experience and expertise bring in their independent judgment 
in the deliberations and decisions of the Board. 
The Company has an Executive Chairman and the number of Independent Directors is half of the total number of 
Directors. The Company, therefore, meets with the requirements of Regulation 17 (1) (a) & (b) of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 with the stock exchanges.
As required under Section 149(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, Mrs. Archana V. Phadke, a lady Director, has been 
appointed as an Independent Director on the Board. 
Note: #Memberships/Chairmanships in Audit Committee and Shareholders’/Investors’ Grievance Committee of Indian 
public limited companies have been considered as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of SEBI. 
$Due to other ongoing engagements and personal commitments Mr. Jitesh Jain, resigned from the post of Non-executive, 
Independent Director of the Company before the expiry of his term. Also Mr. Jitesh Jain resigned as Member and 
Chairperson of Audit Committee; as member of Stakeholders’ Relationship & Grievance Committee, as member of 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee and as member of Risk Management Committee all w.e.f. March 04, 2025.
*Mr. Ashok Rajagiri, was appointed as Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company; as a member and 
Chairperson of Audit committee; as member of Stakeholders’ Relationship & Grievance Committee, as member of 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee and as member of Risk Management Committee all w.e.f. March 05, 2025.
===== PDF PAGE 64 =====
63
Other directorships exclude his/her Directorships in the Company, directorships of private limited companies, foreign 
companies and companies registered under Section 8 of the Act. The Number of Directorships and the positions held on 
Board, Committees by the Directors are in conformity with the limits on the number of Directorships and Board committee 
positions as laid down in the Act and the Listing Regulations. During the year 2024-2025, information as mentioned in 
Schedule II Part A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, had been placed before the Board for its consideration.
The Board periodically reviews the compliance reports of all laws applicable to the Company.
The details of number of shares and convertible instruments held by non-executive directors is mentioned under point no 
13.9 of this report.
3.  FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAMME OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
Pursuant to Regulation 25(7) of the Listing Regulations, the Company has put in place a system to familiarize its 
Independent Directors about the Company, its financial products, the industry and business model of the Company. The 
familiarization commences from the stage of induction of Independent Director. Independent Directors are appointed as 
per policy of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited, with management expertise and wide range of experience. The 
Independent directors of the Company are eminent personalities having wide experience in the field of finance, industry, 
commerce and administration business, education. 
The Independent Directors interact with senior management during the Board and Committee meetings and familiarization 
programs. The Independent Directors are familiarized with workings of the Company during the deliberations and 
discussions on policies of the Company.
Updates on relevant statutory changes encompassing important laws are regularly intimated to the Independent Directors. 
Their presence on the Board has been advantageous and fruitful in taking Business decisions.
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of Listing Regulations the details of Familiarization Programme is uploaded on the Company’s 
website at the web link: https://dynacons.com/investors/policies/Familiarisation%20Programme.pdf 
Particulars of Director seeking appointment/re-appointment at the Annual general meeting have been given in the 
annexure to the Notice. 
Core Skills / Expertise / Competencies Available with the Board:
The Board comprises qualified and experienced members who possess required skills, expertise and competencies 
that allow them to make effective contributions to the Board and its Committees. Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with 
Schedule V Part (C)(2)(h) of Listing Regulations the following skills/expertise/ competencies have been identified for the 
effective functioning of the Company and are currently available with the Board: 
Sr. 
No.
Areas of expertise 
required
Description Skill areas actually 
available with the Board
1. Experience of Leadership 
and Operational 
Experience 
Experience of having managed organizations with large 
consumer / customer interface in diverse business 
environments and economic conditions which helps in 
leveraging consumer insights for business benefits
Yes
2. Strategic Planning Experience in developing long-term strategies to grow 
consumer business, consistently, profitably, competitively 
and in a sustainable manner in diverse business 
environments and changing economic conditions.
Yes
3. Global Business Experience in understanding global markets and 
developing strategies to grow sales and market share, 
build brand awareness and equity, and enhance 
enterprise reputation.
Yes
===== PDF PAGE 65 =====
64
Sr. 
No.
Areas of expertise 
required
Description Skill areas actually 
available with the Board
4. Financial, Regulatory/ 
Legal & Risk Management 
Comprehensive understanding of financial accounting, 
reporting and controls and analysis. Ability to identify key 
risks to the Company in a wide range of areas including 
legal and regulatory compliance.
Yes
5. Corporate Governance Experience in the application of Corporate Governance 
principles.
Yes
In the table below, the areas of core competencies, skills and attributes of Directors have been highlighted.
Name of the Director Expertise / Skills
Experience of 
Leadership and 
Operational 
Experience
Strategic 
Planning
Global 
Business
Financial, 
Regulatory/ 
Legal & Risk 
Management
Corporate 
Governance
Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Mr. Parag J. Dalal Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Mr. Vijay M. Doshi Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes 
$Mr. Jitesh J. Jain Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes 
*Mr. Ashok B. Rajagiri Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes 
Mrs. Archana V. Phadke Yes Yes -- Yes Yes
Pursuant to Clause C(2)(i) of Schedule V read with Regulation 34(3) of Listing Regulations, in the opinion of the Board, 
all the independent directors fulfill the conditions as specified in the Listing Regulations and are independent of the 
management.
The eligibility of a person to be appointed as a Director of the Company is dependent on whether the person possesses 
the requisite skill sets identified by the Board as above and whether the person is a proven leader in running a business 
that is relevant to the Company’s business or is a proven academician in the field relevant to the Company’s business. 
Being an IT service provider, the Company’s business runs across different industry verticals, geographical markets and 
is global in nature. The Directors so appointed are drawn from diverse backgrounds and possess special skills with regard 
to the industries/fields from where they come.
Our Independent Directors meet the criteria of Independence as per Section 149(6) of Companies Act, 2013 and 
Regulation 16 of Listing Regulations. The Independent Directors provide an annual confirmation that they meet the 
criteria of independence. The Board confirms that the Independent Directors fulfill the conditions as specified under 
Schedule V of Listing Regulations and are Independent of the management.
Note- $ Due to other ongoing engagements and personal commitments Mr. Jitesh Jain, resigned from the post of Non-
executive, Independent Director of the Company before the expiry of his term. Also Mr. Jitesh Jain resigned as Member 
and Chairperson of Audit Committee; as member of Stakeholders’ Relationship & Grievance Committee, as member of 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee and as member of Risk Management Committee all w.e.f. March 04, 2025.
*Mr. Ashok Rajagiri, was appointed as Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company; as a member and 
Chairperson of Audit committee; as member of Stakeholders’ Relationship & Grievance Committee, as member of 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee and as member of Risk Management Committee all w.e.f. March 05, 2025.
4. AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee of the Company is constituted in line with the provisions of Section 177 of the Companies Act 
2013 (‘the Act’) and Regulation 18 read with Part C of the Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. All the members of the 
Committee have wide experience in fields of Banking & Finance, Accounts, Regulatory and Financial service industry.
===== PDF PAGE 66 =====
65
The Audit Committee acts as a link between the statutory and internal auditors and the Board of Directors. Its purpose 
is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities of monitoring financial reporting processes, reviewing the 
Company’s established systems and processes for internal financial controls, governance and reviewing the Company’s 
statutory and internal audit activities.
The Company has an Internal Audit Department, who is responsible for conducting Independent Internal Audit. The 
Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee of the Board.
Committee invites such of the executives as it considers appropriate, representatives of the statutory auditors and internal 
auditors, to be present at its meetings. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Audit Committee. Reports 
are sent to the members of the Committee on matters relating to the Insider Trading Code.
The Committee is presently chaired by *Mr. Ashok B. Rajagiri, Chartered Accountant. The Audit Committee met Twelve 
(12) times during the financial year 2024-2025 on April 30, 2024, May 30, 2024, July 12, 2024, August 12, 2024, September 
02, 2024, September 24, 2024, November 08, 2024, November 29, 2024, January 03, 2025, January 31, 2025, February 
17, 2025, and March 14, 2025. The maximum gap between any two meetings was not more than one hundred and twenty 
days. The necessary quorum was present for all the meetings. 
The members of the Audit Committee and their attendance at committee meetings are as under:
Name of the Director and Designation Category No. of Meetings 
attended
$Mr. Jitesh J. Jain, Non-Executive, Independent Director Chairperson up to March 04, 2025 10
*Mr. Ashok B. Rajagiri, Non-Executive, Independent Director Chairperson w.e.f. March 05, 2025 1
Mr. Vijay M. Doshi, Non-Executive, Independent Director Member 9
Mrs. Archana V. Phadke, Non-Executive, Independent 
Director
Member 7
 $*Note- Please refer point no. 14(dd) of the Corporate Governance Report
The terms of reference of the Audit Committee includes -
• Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that 
the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible.
• Recommending the appointment, re-appointment and removal of statutory auditor, fixation of audit fees and also 
approval of payment of any other services.
• To ensure proper disclosure in the Quarterly, Half yearly and Annual Financial Statements.
• To review the functioning of the Whistle Blower Mechanism.
• Reviewing with management the quarterly / annual financial statements before submission to the Board focusing 
primarily on the following:
 Matters required to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement.
 Any change in accounting policies and practices.
 Major accounting entries based on exercise of judgment by management
 Significant adjustment arising out of audit.
 Compliance with accounting standards.
 Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements.
 Qualification in draft audit report.
• Any related party transaction, i.e., transaction of the management, their subsidiaries or relatives, etc., that may have 
potential conflict with the interest of Company at large. Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions 
of the Company with related parties and granting omnibus approval to related party transactions which are in the 
ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis and to review and approve such transactions.
• Reviewing with the management, statutory and internal auditors, the adequacy of internal control systems and 
reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, including the structure of the internal audit department, staffing and 
seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and frequency of internal audit.
===== PDF PAGE 67 =====
66
• Discussion with internal auditors any significant findings and follow up thereon.
• Reviewing the finding of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is suspected 
fraud or irregularity of a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the matter to the Board.
• Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, nature and scope of audit as well as have post audit 
discussion to ascertain any area of concern.
• Reviewing the Company’s financial and risk management policies.
• Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments.
• Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary. 
• Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems.
• Approval of appointment of CFO (i.e., the Whole Time Finance Director or any other person heading the finance 
function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications, experience & background etc. of the 
candidate.
• Review and monitor the Auditor’s independence, performance and effectiveness of audit process.
• Approve policies in relation to the implementation of the Insider Trading Code and to supervise implementation of 
the same
• To review the functioning of the Whistle Blower Mechanism.
The Audit Committee shall mandatorily review the following information:
a management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations;
b statement of significant related party transactions (as defined by the audit committee) submitted by management;
c management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the Statutory Auditors;
d internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses; 
e the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief Internal auditor shall be subject to review by the 
audit committee and
f statement of deviations:
(a)  Quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to stock 
exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1) of SEBI (LODR) 2015.
(b)  Annual statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice 
in terms of Regulation 32(7) of SEBI (LODR) 2015.
The previous AGM of the Company was held on September 30, 2024 and was attended by Mr. Jitesh Jain, Chairman of 
the Audit Committee.
5. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
 
Brief description of terms of reference
The nomination and remuneration committee of the Company is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 19 
with Part D of the Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations, read with Section 178 of the Act.
• Recommend to the Board the setup and composition of the Board and its Committees.
• To review the performance of the Chairman and Managing Director and the Whole-time Directors after considering 
the company’s performance.
• To review overall compensation policy, service agreements, performance incentive and other employment conditions 
of Executive Director(s).
• To determine whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent Director on the basis of 
the report of their performance evaluation. The tenure of extension or continuity of Independent Director shall be 
computed as per the provisions of sub-section (10) and (11) of Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Explanation there to and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations.
• Recommend to the Board the appointment/re-appointment of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel.
• Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes, and independence of a Director and 
recommend to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other 
employees.
• Recommend to the Board the Remuneration Policy for Directors, executive team or Key Managerial Personnel as 
well as the rest of employees.
===== PDF PAGE 68 =====
67
• Support the Board and Independent Directors in evaluation of the performance of the Board, its Committees and 
individual Directors.
• Devising a policy on Board diversity
• Oversee familiarization programs for Directors.
• To recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to Senior Management Personnel.
• To ensure ‘fit and proper’ status of proposed directors and that there is no conflict of interest in appointment of 
directors on Board of the Company, Key Managerial Personnel and senior management.
The Nomination and Remuneration committee consists of Non-Executive Directors with the Chairman being an 
Independent Director. 
The members of the Nomination and remuneration committee met Five times during the year on September 02, 2024, 
December 16, 2024, January 03, 2025, January 09, 2025, and March 04, 2025.  
The members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and their attendance at committee meetings are as under:
Name of the Director and Designation Category No. of Meetings 
attended
Mr. Vijay M. Doshi , Non-Executive, Independent Director Chairperson 4
$Mr. Jitesh J. Jain, Non-Executive, Independent Director Member up to March 04, 2025 5
Mrs. Archana V. Phadke, Non-Executive, Independent Director Member 4
*Mr. Ashok B. Rajagiri, Non-Executive, Independent Director Member w.e.f. March 05, 2025 -
 Company Secretary of the Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
The previous AGM of the Company was held on September 30, 2024 and was attended by Mr. Vijay Doshi, Chairperson 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
The terms of reference of the NRC, is uploaded on the Company’s web site at http://dynacons.com/Nomination%20&%20
Remuneration%20Policy.pdf 
PERFORMANCE EVALUATION
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the Board has carried out the annual performance evaluation of its own performance, the Directors 
individually as well as the evaluation of the working of its Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees, after taking 
into consideration various things like inputs received from the Directors, functions of Board’s such as adequacy of the 
composition of the Board and its Committees, Board culture, execution and performance of specific duties, obligations 
and governance.
Criteria for performance evaluation of Independent Directors includes:
1. Attendance and Participation
2. Professional Approach
3. Maintaining confidentiality
4. Acting in good faith and in the interest of the company as a whole
5. Exercising duties with due diligence and reasonable care
6. Complying with legislations and regulations in letter and spirit
7. Openness to ideas, perspectives and opinions and ability to challenge old practices and throwing up new ideas for 
discussion
8. Capacity to effectively examine financial and other information on operations of the company and the ability to make 
positive contribution thereon.
The performance evaluation of the Independent Directors was carried out by the entire Board. The performance evaluation 
of the Chairman and the Non-Independent Directors were carried out by the Independent Directors who also reviewed 
the performance of the Secretarial Department. The Directors expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation process.
===== PDF PAGE 69 =====
68
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS:
Remuneration Policy
Remuneration policy of the Company is designed to create a high-performance culture. It enables the Company to attract, 
retain and motivate employees to achieve results. The Remuneration policy of your Company is a comprehensive policy 
which is competitive, in consonance with the industry practices and rewards good performance of the employees of the 
Company. The policy ensures equality, fairness and consistency in rewarding the employees on the basis of performance 
against set objectives. Remuneration of employees largely consists of basic remuneration and performance incentives. 
The Company while deciding the remuneration package takes into consideration the employment scenario, remuneration 
package of the industry and the remuneration package of other Industries.  
The remuneration of the Managing Director and Whole-Time Director is recommended by the Nomination & Remuneration 
Committee and then approved by the Board of Directors and subsequently by the shareholders in general meeting within 
the limits prescribed in Companies Act, 2013. The Non-Executive Independent Directors are paid sitting fees for Board 
meetings attended by them.
Pecuniary transactions with Non-Executive Directors
During the year under review, there were no pecuniary transactions with any of the Non-Executive Director of the 
Company. A declaration to this effect is also submitted by all the Directors at the beginning of each financial year. The 
register of Contracts is maintained by the Company under Section 189 of the Companies Act, 2013. The register is signed 
by all the directors present at the respective Board meetings. 
Policy for Remuneration of Non – Executive Directors
The Non-Executive Directors shall be entitled to receive remuneration by way of sitting fees, reimbursement of expenses 
for participation in the Board / Committee meetings and commission as detailed hereunder:
• The remuneration of the Non- Executive / Independent Directors (excluding remuneration for attending meetings as 
prescribed under Section 197 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013) shall be subject to ceiling/ limits as provided under 
Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under or any other enactment for the time being in force. 
 The amount of such remuneration shall be such as may be recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and approved by the Board of Directors or shareholders, as the case may be. 
 • A Non-Executive Director shall be entitled to receive sitting fees for each meeting of the Board or Committee of 
the Board attended by him, of such sum as may be approved by the Board of Directors within the overall limits 
prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and The Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014; 
• Any remuneration paid to Non- Executive / Independent Directors for services rendered which are of professional in 
nature shall not be considered as part of the remuneration if the following conditions are satisfied:
 i) The Services are rendered by such Director in his capacity as the professional; and 
ii) In the opinion of the Committee, the director possesses the requisite qualification for the practice of that 
profession.
• An Independent Director shall not be eligible to get Stock Options and also shall not be eligible to participate in any 
share based payment schemes of the Company.
• The policy for making payment to Non-Executive Director is available on Company’s website at   http://dynacons.
com/criteria-of-making-payments-to-non-executive-directors.pdf
Sitting fees
For the year 2024-2025, the Company paid sitting fees of `1,40,000/- to its Non-Executive Directors for attending meetings 
of the Board and Meeting of Committees of the Board. The Company also reimburses the out-of-pocket expenses incurred 
by the Directors for attending the Meetings.
The Company is being benefited from the expertise, advice and inputs provided by the Independent Directors. The 
Independent Directors devote their valuable time in deliberating on the strategic and critical issues in the course of 
===== PDF PAGE 70 =====
69
the Board and Committee meetings of the Company and give their valuable advice, suggestion and guidance to the 
management of the Company from time to time.
The details of sitting fees paid to the Directors for the year 2024-2025 are as under:
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Director Sitting Fees for 
attending Meeting 
(`)
Salary & 
Perquisites (`)
Commission (`) Total (`)
1 $Mr. Jitesh J. Jain 50,000 0 0 50,000
2 Mr. Vijay M. Doshi 50,000 0 0 50,000
3 Mrs. Archana V. Phadke 35,000 0 0 35,000
4 *Mr. Ashok B. Rajagiri 5,000 0 0 5,000
Directors are not provided with any performance linked incentives.
None of the Directors have service contracts, apart from agreements made towards their appointment as Whole Time 
Director / Managing Director. 
$*Note- Please refer point no. 14(dd) of the Corporate Governance Report
Details of Remuneration to the Executive Directors for the year ended March 31, 2025      
Executive directors of the Company are appointed by the Board of Directors subject to the approval of shareholders in the 
general meeting. The remuneration package of the executive directors is determined by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee within the permissible limits, subject to approval by the Board and shareholders in their respective meetings 
as per applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
The details of remuneration paid to Executive Directors during the financial year 2024-25 are as under:
      (Amount in `)
 Name of Director                                                                  Mr. Shirish Anjaria Mr. Parag Dalal Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria
Designation Chairman cum Managing Director Whole Time Director Whole time Director and CFO 
Salary 1,38,00,000                           1,26,00,000 1,26,00,000
Performance bonus - - -
PF & Gratuity - - -
6. STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP & GRIEVANCE COMMITTEE 
The stakeholders’ relationship committee is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 20 of SEBI Listing 
Regulations read with Section 178 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013.
Terms of reference
The Committee is responsible for assisting the Board of Directors in the Board’s overall responsibilities relating to 
attending and redressal of the grievances of the security holders of the Company.
Functions
The Shareholders Committee is chaired by Mrs. Archana V. Phadke. The Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee met four 
times during the year on June 28, 2024, September 24, 2024, December 16, 2024 and March 14, 2025. The composition 
of the committee and details of the meetings attended by the Directors are given below:
===== PDF PAGE 71 =====
70
Name of the Director and Designation Category No. of Meetings 
attended
Mrs. Archana V. Phadke, Non-Executive, Independent 
Director
Chairperson 2
Mr. Vijay M. Doshi, Non-Executive, Independent Director Member 4
$Mr. Jitesh J. Jain, Non-Executive, Independent Director Member up to March 04, 2025 3
*Mr. Ashok B. Rajagiri, Non-Executive, Independent 
Director
Member w.e.f. March 05, 2025 1
$*Note- Please refer point no. 14(dd) of the Corporate Governance Report
The committee meets at frequent intervals, to approve inter-alia, transfer/ transmission of Equity shares, non-receipt 
of Annual Report, attending to complaints of investors routed by SEBI/Stock Exchanges and reviews the status of 
investors’ grievances and redressed mechanism and recommend measures to improve the level of investor services. 
SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES) SEBI administers a centralised web-based complaints redress system 
(SCORES). It enables investors to lodge and follow up complaints and track the status of online redressal. All the activities 
starting from lodging of a complaint till its disposal are carried online in an automated environment and the status of every 
complaint can be viewed online at any time.
Details of share transfer / transmission approved by the committee are placed at the Board meetings from time to time. 
Company Secretary of the Company acted as the Secretary to the Stakeholders Relationship Grievance Committee.
The Company has appointed M/s. Bigshare Services Private Limited as the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent to handle 
the investor grievances in co-ordination with the Compliance Officer. All grievances can be addressed to the Registrar 
and Share Transfer Agent. The Company monitors the work of the Registrar to ensure that the investor grievances are 
settled expeditiously and satisfactorily. 
The previous AGM of the Company was held on September 30, 2024 and was attended by Mrs. Archana V. Phadke, 
Chairperson of the Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee.
The Committee in particular looks into:
1.  To oversee and review redressal of shareholder and investor grievances, on matters relating to issue, transfer, 
transmission of securities, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of dividends/interests.
2.  To issue duplicate share/debenture certificate(s) reported lost, defaced or destroyed as per the laid down procedure 
and to resolve the grievances of security holders of the Company, if any.
3.  Attending to complaints of security holders routed by SEBI (SCORES)/Stock Exchanges/RBI or any other Regulatory 
Authorities.
4.  Taking decision on waiver of requirement of obtaining the Succession Certificate/Probate of Will on case to case 
basis within the parameters set out by the Board of Directors.
5.  To monitor transfer of the amounts/shares transferable to Investor Education and Protection Fund.
6.   To list the securities of the Company on Stock Exchanges.
7.   Any other matters that can facilitate better investor services and relations.
8.   Review activities with regard to the Health Safety and Sustainability initiatives of the Company.
9.   Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed entity for reducing the quantum of unclaimed 
dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants / annual reports / statutory notices by the shareholder of 
the Company.
10.  Any other matters that can facilitate better investor services and relations.
During the year under review, no complaints were received from shareholders/investors as on March 31, 2025. The 
number of pending share transfers as on March 31, 2025 were Nil.
===== PDF PAGE 72 =====
71
Name and designation of Compliance Officer:
Ms. Pooja Patwa designated as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company and she can be reached 
out at the corporate office of the Company at: 3rd Floor, A-Wing, Sunteck Centre, Subhash Road, Near Garware Chowk, 
Vile Parle (E), Mumbai – 400057, e-mail id- investor@dynacons.com, Tel No.- 022-66889900
7. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee has been constituted in line with the provisions of Section 135 of 
the Act and the rules made thereunder. 
Terms of reference
The terms of reference of the CSR Committee broadly comprises of:
1.  Formulating and recommending to the Board of Directors the CSR Policy and monitoring the same from time to time.
2.  The Committee will review and evaluate the sustainability agenda, suggest modifications, discuss and recommend 
action plan to take the CSR activities forward.
3.  CSR Committee will monitor the spend on CSR activities by the Company as well as ensure that the Company spends 
atleast the minimum sum as may be prescribed from time to time pursuant to the Act and Companies (Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 or such higher sum as may be decided by the Board of Directors of the 
Company.
4.  Any other matter as may be necessary for implementation of CSR Policy.
The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) committee consists of Executive and Non-Executive Director with the 
Chairperson being an Independent Director. The members of Committee are #Mrs. Archana V. Phadke, Mr. Shirish 
M. Anjaria, Mr. Parag J. Dalal, Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria. The committee is chaired by #Mrs. Archana V. Phadke. The 
committee met Six times during the year on April 05, 2024, August 12, 2024, December 16, 2024, February 17, 2025, 
March 14, 2025 and March 25, 2025. The necessary quorum was present for all the meetings.
The members of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and their attendance at committee meetings are 
as under:
Name of the Director Category No. of Meetings attended
Mrs. Archana V. Phadke, Non-Executive, Independent Director Chairperson 6
Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria, Chairman cum Managing Director Member 6
Mr. Parag J. Dalal, Executive Director Member 6
Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria, Executive Director Member 5
8. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
In terms of Regulation 21(5) of Listing Regulations, the Risk Management Committee is not applicable to the Company, 
however the Company has constituted risk management committee of the Company in line with the provisions of 
Regulation 21 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015. Business Risk Evaluation and Management is an ongoing process 
within the Organization. The Company has a robust risk management framework to identify, monitor and minimize risks 
as also identify business opportunities.
The Risk Management committee consists of Non-Executive Directors with the Chairperson being an Independent 
Director. The members of Committee were Mr. Vijay M. Doshi,  Mrs. Archana V. Phadke, $Mr. Jitesh J. Jain and  
*Mr. Ashok B. Rajagiri. Mr. Vijay M. Doshi chairs the Committee. 
$*Note- Please refer point no. 14(dd) of the Corporate Governance Report
===== PDF PAGE 73 =====
72
The objectives and scope of the Risk Management Committee broadly comprises:
• Overview of risk management process performed by the executive management;
• Reviewing risks and evaluate treatment including initiating mitigation actions and ownership as per a pre-defined 
cycle;
• Approval of Risk Management Plan, implementing and monitoring the Risk Management Plan.
• Defining framework for identification, assessment, monitoring, mitigation and reporting of risks.
• Such other matters as may be delegated by Board from time to time.
 
Within its overall scope as aforesaid, the Committee shall review risks trends, exposure, potential impact analysis and 
mitigation plan.
Since the provisions of Regulation 21 of Listing Regulations are not applicable to the Company, the members of the Risk 
Management committee did not conduct any meeting during the FY 2024-2025.
9. SENIOR MANAGEMENT:
Sr. 
No.
Name Designation
1 Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria Chief Financial Officer (Whole-Time/Executive Director)
2 Ms. Pooja G. Patwa Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
During the said financial year, there has been no change in the senior management of the Company.
10. REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The quarterly compliance report has been submitted to the Stock Exchanges where the Companies equity shares are 
listed in the requisite format duly signed by the Compliance Officer.
11. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
I. The last three Annual General Meetings and Extra-Ordinary General Meetings of the Company were held as 
under: - 
Financial 
Year
Date Time Venue No. of Special Resolutions Passed Details of special resolution 
proposed to be conducted 
through postal ballot
2021 - 2022 September 
30, 2022
03:00 P.M. The 27th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company 
was held by means of 
video conferencing (“VC”) 
/ other audio visual means 
(“OAVM”) in accordance with 
the relevant circulars issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs
Number of Special Resolutions 
passed: 2
Details of Special Resolution are as 
follows: 
1.    Appointment of Mr. Vijay Doshi 
(Din no.: 09716581) as an 
Independent Director
2.   Continuation of Directorship of 
Mrs. Archana Phadke (Din no.: 
07138774), Non-Executive, 
Independent Director who will 
attain the age of Seventy-five 
(75)
Nil
2022 - 2023 September 
30, 2023
03:00 P.M. The 28th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company 
was held by means of 
video conferencing (“VC”) 
/ other audio visual means 
(“OAVM”) in accordance with 
the relevant circulars issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs
Nil
Nil
===== PDF PAGE 74 =====
73
Financial 
Year
Date Time Venue No. of Special Resolutions Passed Details of special resolution 
proposed to be conducted 
through postal ballot
2023 - 2024 September 
30, 2024
03:00 P.M. The 29th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company 
was held by means of 
video conferencing (“VC”) 
/ other audio visual means 
(“OAVM”) in accordance with 
the relevant circulars issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs
Number of Special Resolutions 
passed: 3 
Details of Special Resolution are as 
follows: 
1. Re-appointment of Mr. Shirish 
Anjaria (Din:00444104) as 
Chairman cum Managing 
Director
2. Re-appointment of Mr. Parag 
Dalal (Din no.: 00409894) as 
Whole-time Director
3. Re-appointment of Mr. Dharmesh 
Anjaria (Din no.: 00445009) as 
Whole-time Director
Nil
 No Extraordinary general meeting of the members was held in last three financial years
II. Details of special resolution passed last year through postal ballot, the persons who conducted the postal ballot 
exercise, details of the voting pattern and procedure of postal ballot:
 The Company had sought the approval of the shareholders by way of a Special Resolution through notice of postal ballot 
dated March 04, 2025 for the below mentioned resolutions-
 
 1. Appointment of Mr. Ashok Bhumaiah Rajagiri (Din: 02107796) as an Independent Director
 The above special resolution was duly passed and the results of which were announced on April 11, 2025 at stock 
exchanges. Mr. Hemant Shetye (Membership No. FCS 2827) designated partner of HSPN & Associates LLP, (Formerly 
known as HS Associates), Practicing Company Secretaries, was appointed as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the postal 
ballot process by voting through electronic means only (remote e-voting) in a fair and transparent manner.
III. Details of special resolution proposed to be conducted through postal ballot:
 None of the businesses proposed to be transacted at the ensuing AGM requires passing of a special resolution through 
postal ballot.
12. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
 The Board recognizes the importance of two-way communication with shareholders and giving a balanced report of 
results and progress and responding to questions and issues raised in a timely and consistent manner. The quarterly, half-
yearly and yearly financial results of the Company are sent to the Stock Exchanges immediately after the Board approves 
them. These are widely published in Leading newspapers, which includes Financial Express in English language and in 
local language newspapers, which includes Mumbai Lakshadweep in Marathi language. After adoptions by the Board of 
Directors in their Board Meetings the financial results and official news releases are posted on the Company’s website: 
www.dynacons.com.The Management Discussion and Analysis Report is a part of the Annual Report for the year. The 
annual report has been sent in electronic form to shareholders, who have provided their email id. Physical copies of the 
annual report have been provided to such shareholders based on a request received from them for this purpose.
The Company’s Financial Results/media releases and other important Investor related information are periodically 
displayed and updated on the Company’s website, viz., www.dynacons.com. 
The annual report has been sent in electronic form to shareholders, who have registered their email ids. The Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (MCA) has exempted companies from circulation of physical copies of Annual Report for year ended 
March 31, 2025.
===== PDF PAGE 75 =====
74
Our Company does online filing with National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE) through 
web based application: NEAPS (NSE Electronic Application Processing System) and BSE Listing Centre.
The Company discloses to the Stock Exchanges, all information required to be disclosed under Regulation 30 read with 
Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations including material information having a bearing on the performance / 
operations of the Company or other price sensitive information.
During FY 2024-25, company has not made any presentation to the institutional investors or to the analyst, hence, 
disclosures pertaining to the same is not applicable to the Company.
13. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
13.1 Annual General Meeting: --
 Date and Time     September 30, 2025 at 03:00 P.M.
 -Venue      The Company is conducting meeting through VC / OAVM 
        pursuant to the MCA Circular dated May 5, 2020 read with 
        circulars dated April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020, January 13, 2021,
        December 14, 2021, May 05, 2022, December 28, 2022 and 
        September 25, 2023, as such there is no requirement to have a 
        venue for the AGM. For details please refer to the Notice of this 
        AGM.
 As required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard 2, particulars of Directors 
seeking appointment/re-appointment at this AGM are given in the Annexure to the Notice of this AGM.
13.2 Financial Year: -          April’24 – March’25            
            
13.3 Book Closure Date/Record Date     As mentioned in the Notice of this AGM
13.4 Dividend Payment Date   The Company had declared Interim dividend of ` 0.50 per equity 
       share of the face value of ` 10/-each for the financial year ended 
       March 31, 2025, on August 12, 2024, and paid to all shareholders eligible 
       as on record date August 23, 2024. Thus, the interim dividend paid is 
       considered as final dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
13.5 (a) Listing of Equity Shares on Stock Exchanges at:
Name and address of stock exchange:  Code Nos./Symbol
The BSE Ltd., Mumbai    532365 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                       DSSL
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051
 ( b)  Listing of Global Depository Receipts  N. A.
  (c)  Demat ISIN numbers in NSDL & CDSL  INE417B01040
 (d)  Annual listing fees for the year 2024-2025 have been duly paid to all the above Stock Exchanges.
 (e) Corporate Identification Number (CIN)  L72200MH1995PLC093130
 (f)  Date of Book Closure/Record Date   As mentioned in the Notice of this AGM 
===== PDF PAGE 76 =====
75
13.6   Registrar and transfer Agents:   Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd.
                                                                         SEBI Regn. No. INR 00001385
        S6-2,6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park,
        Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East), 
        Mumbai – 400093, Maharashtra                                                                             
       Tel : 022 – 62638200/206
        Email id- info@bigshareonline.com
                                                                                                Website- bigshareonline.com
13.7    Share Transfer System
 In terms of Regulation 40(1) of SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, securities can be transferred only in dematerialized 
form w.e.f. April 1, 2019, except in case of request received for transmission or transposition of securities. However, 
investors are not barred from holding shares in physical form. Shareholders holding shares in dematerialized mode have 
been requested to register their email address, bank account details and mobile number with their depository participants. 
Those holding shares in physical mode have been requested to furnish PAN, nomination, contact details, bank account 
details and specimen signature for their corresponding folios. The folios shall be frozen, if any of these details are not 
available on or after October 01, 2023. Shareholders may contact the RTA at, info@bigshareonline.com . Transfers of 
equity shares in electronic form are effected through the depositories with no involvement of the Company. Members 
holding shares in physical form are requested to consider converting their holdings to dematerialized form. The Directors 
and certain Company officials (including Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary) are authorized by the Board 
severally to approve transfers, which are noted at subsequent Board Meetings.
 Pursuant to SEBI Circular dated January 25, 2022, the listed companies shall issue the securities in dematerialized form 
only, for processing any service requests from shareholders viz., issue of duplicate share certificates, endorsement, 
transmission, transposition, etc. After processing the service request, a letter of confirmation will be issued to the 
shareholders and shall be valid for a period of 120 days, within which the shareholder shall make a request to the 
Depository Participant for dematerializing those shares. If the shareholders fail to submit the dematerialisation request 
within 120 days, then the Company shall credit those shares in the Suspense Escrow Demat account held by the 
Company. Shareholders can claim these shares transferred to Suspense Escrow Demat account on submission of 
necessary documentation.
 Equity Shares in the Unclaimed Suspense Account
 In terms of Regulation 39 of the Listing Regulations, no equity shares are lying in the Unclaimed Suspense Account of the 
Company.
13.8    Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2025
No.  of Equity Shares No. of Folios % of Total No. of Shares % of Total
1-5000 40473 97.16 2060007 16.19
5001-10000 674 1.62 501016 3.94
10001-20000 280 0.67 398083 3.13
20001-30000 81 0.19 202356 1.59
30001-40000 45 0.11 156461 1.23
40001-50000 23 0.06 108646 0.85
50001-100000 32 0.08 223387 1.76
100001-99999999999 46 0.11 9075374 71.32
Total 41654 100.00 12725330 100.00
 Note- Refer Point No. 14(n) of the Corporate Governance Report
===== PDF PAGE 77 =====
76
13.9 Shareholding of Directors
Sr. 
No.
Name of Directors No. of Shares Percentage (%)
 1. Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria 1160948 9.12
 2. Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria 956890 7.52
 3. **Mr. Parag J. Dalal 1092016 8.58
 4. Mr. Vijay M. Doshi Nil Nil
 5. Mrs. Archana V. Phadke Nil Nil
 6. $Mr. Jitesh J. Jain Nil Nil
 7. *Mr. Ashok B. Rajagiri Nil Nil
 $*Note- Please refer point no. 14(dd) of the Corporate Governance Report
 **Late Mrs. Hasumati Dalal, promoter group person of the Company, held 1,44,816 shares in the Company, of which 
12,616 equity shares were transmitted on March 15, 2023, 80,000 equity shares  were transmitted on October 18, 2023, 
and 52,200 equity shares were transmitted on February 05, 2025 to Mr. Parag Dalal, promoter of the Company, as on 
March 31, 2025. Further, there is no change in pre and post Shareholding percentage held by Promoter/ Promoter Group 
after the said transmission.
13.10 Dematerialization of Shares and Liquidity as on March 31, 2025
Total No. of shares Shares in physical   
form
Percentage % Share in demat form Percentage %
1,27,25,330 29,780 0.23% 1,26,95,550 99.77%
        The Company’s shares are compulsorily traded in dematerialized form on NSE and BSE. Under the Depository System, 
the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) allotted to the Company’s shares is INE417B01040.
 Note- Refer Point No. 14(n) of the Corporate Governance Report
13.11 Categories of Shareholders as on March 31, 2025
Category No. of Shares held Percentage of 
Shareholding
Clearing Member 20920 0.16
Corporate Bodies 99901 0.79
Corporate Bodies (Promoter Company) 2086475 16.40
Non Nationalized Banks 40 0.00
Non Resident Indians 167196 1.31
Promoters/Directors 4503474 35.39
Public 4627322 36.36
Relative of Director 1165705 9.16
Alternate Investment Fund 33766 0.27
Foreign Portfolio Investor (Corporate)- Category I 19847 0.16
Foreign Portfolio Investor (Corporate)- Category II 584 0.00
Proprietory Firm 100 0.00
Total 12725330 100.00
 Note- Refer Point No. 14(n) of the Corporate Governance Report
===== PDF PAGE 78 =====
77
13.12 Capital of the Company   : The authorized and paid-up capital of your Company is 
        ` 300,000,000 and ` 12,72,53,300 respectively. 
13.13  OutstandingGDRs/ADRs/Warrants           : The Company does not have any outstanding GDRs/ADRs/  
       warrants/ convertible instruments as on March 31, 2025 
13.14  Company Secretary &   : Ms. Pooja Patwa 
       Compliance Officer                                              
 
13.15 Address for Investor Correspondence         :       Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd.       
        SEBI Regn. No. INR 00001385
        S6-2,6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park,       
        Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, 
        Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400093, Maharashtra   
       Tel : 022 – 62638200/206      
               
       Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.
                CIN: L72200MH1995PLC093130
        78, Ratnajyot Ind. Estate,
        Irla Lane, Vile Parle (West),
        Mumbai – 400 056
        Email: investor@dynacons.com
        Cont. No. 022-66889900
13.16 Credit Rating   
Name of the Agencies Facilities Amt (in Cr.) New/ Re-affirmed Rating assigned & 
Rating outlook
Acuite Ratings & 
Research Ltd.
Long Term Instruments 
(Bank Loan)
35 ACUITE A- (Outlook: Stable) Assigned
Acuite Ratings & 
Research Ltd.
Short Term Instruments 
(Bank Loan)
30 ACUITE A2+ (Outlook: NA) Reaffirmed
Acuite Ratings & 
Research Ltd.
Long Term Instruments 
(Bank Loan)
20 ACUITE A- (Outlook: Stable) Assigned
Acuite Ratings & 
Research Ltd.
Short Term Instruments 
(Bank Loan)
160 ACUITE A2+ (Outlook: NA) Assigned
Considering the request made by the Company, and as per the policy on withdrawal of CARE Ratings and on receipt of 
NOC for the Bank facilities from the Bank, CARE Ratings vide their letter dated February 12, 2025, had communicated the 
withdrawal of its credit ratings assigned to the bank facilities of the Company.
13.17 Plant Location    :       In view of the nature of the Company’s business, the said   
       disclosure is not applicable to the Company
14. OTHER DISCLOSURES
a) Related party Transactions:
 There are no materially significant Related Party Transactions (RPTs) with the Company’s Promoters, Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives or any other related parties of the Company, which may have potential 
conflict with the interests of the Company at large. Disclosures on transactions with related parties, as required 
under the Indian Accounting Standard 24, have been incorporated in the Notes to the Accounts. The statement of 
RPTs is placed before the Audit Committee and the Board on quarterly basis. Omnibus approval was obtained for 
===== PDF PAGE 79 =====
78
the transactions of repetitive nature. Transactions entered into with related parties during the financial year were in 
the ordinary course of business and at arm’s length basis and were approved by the Audit Committee. 
 The Board’s approved policy for related party transactions is uploaded on the website of the Company at  
https://dynacons.com/investors/policies/Policy%20on%20Related%20Party%20Transactions.pdf 
 Except Mr. Shirish Anjaria and Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria having father son relationship, none of the Directors has 
any pecuniary relationships or transactions vis-à-vis the Company save and except the payment of sitting fees to 
Independent Directors, remuneration to Directors apart from transactions in the ordinary course of business and on 
arm’s length basis at par with any member of general public. The Company did not advance any loans to any of its 
Directors. The details of the transactions with Related Party are provided in the notes to the Financial Statements.
b) Disclosure of Accounting Treatment:
 The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules 2015 (IND AS) to comply with the Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 
of the Companies Act, 2013. The financial statements have been prepared on accrual basis under the historic 
cost convention. The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are consistent with 
those followed in the previous year. Disclosures on transactions with related parties, as required under the Indian 
Accounting Standard 24, have been incorporated in the Notes to the Accounts. The statement of RPTs is placed 
before the Audit Committee and the Board and Omnibus approval was obtained for the transactions of repetitive 
nature, as and when required.
c) Management Discussion and Analysis Report:
 The Management Discussion and Analysis Report have been provided in the Directors’ Report to the Shareholders.
d) Details of non-compliance by the Company, penalties, restrictions imposed on the Company by Stock Exchange or 
SEBI or any statutory authority on any matter related to capital markets, during the last three years:  
 The Company was levied with a fine amount of ` 5,000 each by BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange Limited 
for delay in compliance under Regulation 33 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for the quarter/year ended on 
March 31, 2025. However, the Company clarified the reason for delay in submission of results by intimating stock 
exchanges on 12.06.2024 and had applied for waiver application at stock exchanges and paid the fine amount of ` 
5,000 (plus GST) per exchange. The Company has made compliance with the same.    
e) A qualified Practicing Company Secretary carried out a Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit, as per Regulation 76 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 and SEBI Circular 
No D & CC / FITTC/ Cir- 16/2002 dated December 31, 2002, the total admitted equity share capital with National 
Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Ltd (CDSL) and the total issued and 
listed capital. The audit report confirms that the total issued/paid-up capital is in agreement with the total number 
of shares in physical form and the total number of dematerialized shares held with NSDL and CDSL. This audit is 
carried out every quarter and the report thereon is submitted to the Stock Exchanges and to the Board of Directors.
f) Pursuant to Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and under Regulation 22 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company has adopted Vigil Mechanism (Whistle Blower Policy) 
for the directors and employees of the Company to deal with instances of fraud and mismanagement, unethical 
behaviour, violation of code of conduct and personnel policies of the Company if any and to ensure that strict 
confidentiality is maintained while dealing with concerns and also that no discrimination will be meted out to any 
person for a genuinely raised concern. No person has been denied access to the Audit Committee. The Whistle 
Blower Policy/Vigil Mechanism is uploaded on the Company’s website at the web link of http://dynacons.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/08/Vigil-mechanism-policy-DSSL-Final.pdf. 
g) The mechanism provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of Directors and employees to avail of the 
mechanism and also provide for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee in exceptional cases. This 
===== PDF PAGE 80 =====
79
neither releases employees from their duty of confidentiality in the course of their work nor can it be used as a route 
for raising malicious or unfounded allegations about a personal situation.
h) The Company has adopted Code of Conduct (‘Code’) for the Members of the Board and Senior Management 
Personnel as required under Regulation 17(5) of the Listing Regulations. All the Board Members and the Senior 
Management Personnel have affirmed compliance of the Code. The Annual Report of the Company contains a 
declaration to this effect signed by the Chairman cum Managing Director & CFO on the compliance declarations 
received from the members of the Board and Senior Management. Further, the Code of Conduct of the Company 
applicable to the Board and Senior Management Personnel is also uploaded on the Company’s website at the web 
link http://dynacons.com/Code%20of%20conduct.pdf 
i) Terms of Appointment of Independent Directors
 Terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors are available on the Company’s website at the web 
link http://dynacons.com/Independent%20Directors'%20T&C.pdf 
j) Sharehol ders
 
(i) Mr. Parag Dalal, is retiring by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting and being eligible, offers himself 
for re-appointment.
(ii) Disclosure of Commodity price risks and Commodity hedging activities.
 The Company does not deal in commodities and hence the disclosure pursuant to SEBI Circular dated July 11, 
2023 is not required to be given.
k) Auditors’ certificate on corporate governance
 As required by Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, the certificate on corporate governance issued by Mr. Hemant 
Shetye (Membership No. FCS 2827) designated partner of HSPN & Associates LLP, (Formerly known as HS 
Associates), Practicing Company Secretaries, Mumbai, is enclosed as an Annexure to the Board’s Report.
l) The Board of Directors has approved a policy for determining materiality of events and making disclosures to Stock 
Exchanges. 
 
m) Details of compliance with Mandatory requirements and adoption of non-mandatory requirements:
1. The Company has complied with all the applicable mandatory requirements of the Listing Regulations.
2. The Company has not adopted the non-mandatory requirement as specified in the Listing Regulations.
n) The Company has not raised funds through qualified institutions placement under Regulation 32(7A) of the Listing 
Regulations, therefore the details of utilisation is not provided in this report. However, the Board had allotted 12200 
Equity shares @ ` 10 per share under the “Dynacons Systems and Solutions Limited - Employee Stock Option 
Plan 2020 ("DSSL-ESOP 2020”)” in the Board Meeting held on January 03, 2025, for which the Company received 
Listing/trading approval from BSE Ltd and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on January 14, 2025. The 
members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) of the Company had approved the grant of 12,750 
Stock options at the NRC meeting held on January 09, 2025, to the eligible employees under Dynacons - Employees 
Stock Option Plan 2020’ (ESOP- 2020).
o) No equity shares were suspended from trading during the Financial Year 2024-25
p) The Company has not issued any outstanding Global Depository Receipts or American Depository Receipts during 
the Financial Year 2024-2025; 
q) None of the Directors of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing 
as directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India or the Ministry of Corporate Affairs or 
any such statutory authority. A Certificate to this effect, duly signed by Mr. Hemant Shetye, Company Secretary 
(Membership No. FCS 2827) designated partner of HSPN & Associates LLP, (Formerly known as HS Associates), 
Practicing Company Secretaries is annexed to this Report.
===== PDF PAGE 81 =====
80
r)  In the financial year 2024-2025, the board has accepted all recommendations of its Committees.
s) The details of total fees for all services paid by the Company to M/s. M S P & Co. (Firm Registration No. 107565W) 
Statutory Auditor and all entities in the network firm/ network entity of which the Statutory Auditors are part, are as 
follows –
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Amount (in `)
1 Statutory Audit Fees 9,00,000
2 Tax Audit Fees -
3 Others -
Total 9,00,000
t) The disclosure in relation to Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) 
Act, 2013 forms part of the Directors’ Report.
u) The Company has complied with all the requirement of Corporate Governance report as contained in Clause C (2) 
to (10) of Schedule V read with Regulation 34(3) of Listing Regulations.
v) The Company has adopted Policy on Determination of Materiality under Regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 
which is disclosed on the Company’s website at http://dynacons.com/Policy%20for%20Determination%20of%20
Materiality%20of%20Events%20or%20Information.pdf  
w)  Discretionary Requirements
1. The auditors’ report on financial statements of the Company are unmodified.
2. Internal auditors of the Company make quarterly presentations to the Audit Committee on their reports.
x)  Subsidiary Companies
 The Company does not have any material listed/unlisted subsidiary companies as defined in Regulation 24 (1) of 
Listing Regulations. The Company has Dynacons Systems & Solutions Pte. Ltd., a non-material subsidiary. However, 
the Company has framed the Policy on Material Subsidiaries and the same is uploaded on the Company’s website 
at the web link: http://dynacons.com/POLICY%20ON%20MATERIAL%20SUBSIDIARIES.pdf 
 The audit committee reviews the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the investments, if any, 
made by its unlisted subsidiary companies. The minutes of the Board meetings along with a report on significant 
developments of the unlisted subsidiary companies are periodically placed before the Board of Directors of the 
Company.
y) Pursuant to Regulation 9 and Regulation 30 of Listing Regulations the Company has adopted policy on Archival 
and Preservation of Documents which is disclosed on Company’s website at http://dynacons.com/Policy-for-
Preservation-and-Archival-of-documents.pdf.
z) The Company had declared Interim dividend of ` 0.50 per equity share of the Face value of ` 10/-each for the 
Financial year ended March 31, 2025, on August 12, 2024, and paid to all shareholders eligible as on record 
date August 23, 2024. Thus, the interim dividend paid is considered as final dividend for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2025.The Company has adopted Dividend Distribution Policy as per Regulation 43A of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, which is disclosed on Company’s website at http://dynacons.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/
Dividend-Distribution-Policy-DSSL-Final.pdf.
aa) In accordance with the requirement of disclosure under Regulation 34(3) and Part F of Schedule V to the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, for details of equity shares in the suspense account is not applicable to the Company
bb) The Company has adopted Code of Conduct (‘Code’) for the Members of the Board and Senior Management 
Personnel as required under Regulation 17(5) of the Listing Regulations. All the Board Members and the Senior 
===== PDF PAGE 82 =====
81
Management Personnel have affirmed compliance of the Code. The Annual Report of the Company contains a 
declaration to this effect signed by the Managing Director and CEO. Further, the Code of Conduct of the Company 
applicable to the Board and Senior Management Personnel is also uploaded on the Company’s website at the web 
link http://dynacons.com/Code%20of%20conduct.pdf 
cc) Disclosure by listed entity and its subsidiaries of Loans and advances in the nature of loans to firms/companies in 
which Directors are interested by name and amount:  The details of Loans and advances given by listed entity and 
its subsidiaries, if any,  to any firm/company in which its directors are interested are disclosed in Note No. 12  to the 
Standalone Financial Statement.
dd) Change in composition of Board of Directors and committee: There was change in the composition of Board of 
Directors and the committee were re-constituted as specified below:- 
 $Due to other ongoing engagements and personal commitments Mr. Jitesh Jain, resigned from the post of Non-
executive, Independent Director of the Company before the expiry of his term. Also, Mr. Jitesh Jain resigned as Member 
and Chairperson of Audit Committee; as member of Stakeholders’ Relationship & Grievance Committee, as member 
of Nomination & Remuneration Committee and as member of Risk Management Committee all w.e.f. March 04, 2025.
 *Mr. Ashok Rajagiri, was appointed as Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company; as a member and 
Chairperson of Audit committee; as member of Stakeholders’ Relationship & Grievance Committee, as member of 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee and as member of Risk Management Committee all w.e.f. March 05, 2025.
15. POLICY FOR PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING
 Vide notification No.EBI/LAD-NRO/GN/2018/59 Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has notified SEBI 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) (Amendment) Regulations, 2018 with effect from April 01, 2019. The Company has 
accordingly amended its Prohibition of Insider Trading Code and Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure 
of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information which is available on the website of the Company at http://dynacons.com/
Code-of-Practices%20and%20Code%20of%20Conduct.pdf. The Company in its Board meeting held on March 20, 2019 
has taken necessary initiative to implement the same. The Code also provides for pre-clearance of transactions by 
designated persons, whenever required.
16. CEO & CFO CERTIFICATION
 In terms of Listing Regulations, the certification by the Managing Director and the Chief Financial Officer is annexed to 
this Annual Report.
17. COMPLIANCE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
 The quarterly compliance report has been submitted to the Stock Exchanges where the Company’s equity shares are 
listed in the requisite format duly signed by the Compliance Officer. Pursuant to Regulations 17 to 27 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Auditor’s Certificate in compliance on conditions of 
Corporate Governance is published in the Annual Report.
18. TRANSFER OF UNCLAIMED / UNPAID AMOUNTS TO THE INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND:
 Pursuant to Sections 124 and 125 of the Act read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, 
Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”), dividend, if not claimed for a period of seven years from the 
date of transfer to Unpaid Dividend Account of the Company, are liable to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (“IEPF”).
 Further, all the shares in respect of which dividend has remained unclaimed for seven consecutive years or more from 
the date of transfer to unpaid dividend account shall also be transferred to IEPF Authority. The said requirement does 
not apply to shares in respect of which there is a specific order of Court, Tribunal or Statutory Authority, restraining any 
transfer of the shares.
===== PDF PAGE 83 =====
82
 In light of the aforesaid provisions, the Company was not required to transfer unclaimed /unpaid dividend amount to IEPF 
as the Company had declared its first Interim dividend in the Board Meeting held on August 14, 2019. 
 The following table give information relating to various outstanding dividends and the dates by which they can be claimed 
by the shareholders from the Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent:
Financial Year Date of Declaration Last date for claiming unpaid dividend
2019-2020 August 14, 2019 September 19, 2026
2020-2021 September 15, 2020 October 21,2027
2021-2022 August 12, 2021 September 17, 2028
2022-2023 August 10, 2022 September 15, 2029
2023-2024 August 14, 2023 September 19, 2030
2024-2025 August 12, 2024 September 17, 2031
19. CORPORATE ETHICS:
 The consistent endeavor of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd. is to enhance the reputation of the Company and 
irrespective of the goals to be achieved, the means are as important as the end. The Company has adopted “the Code 
of Conduct for prevention of Insider Trading”, which contains policies prohibiting insider trading. As per SEBI / Stock 
Exchanges Guidelines, the Company has also promulgated Code of Conduct to be followed by Directors and Management.
===== PDF PAGE 84 =====
83
DECLARATION REGARDING COMPLIANCE BY BOARD MEMBERS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL WITH 
THE COMPANY’S CODE OF CONDUCT
This is to certify that the Company has laid down Code of Conduct for all Board Members and Senior Management of the 
Company and the copies of the same are uploaded on the website of the Company – www.dynacons.com 
As per Regulation 17(5) and Regulation 26(3) of Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, all Board Members and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed Compliance with the 
Code of Conduct for the year ended March 31, 2025.
For Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd. 
Shirish M. Anjaria      
Chairman cum Managing Director          
DIN: 00444104        
Place: Mumbai 
Dated: September 03, 2025
CFO/CEO CERTIFICATION
To,
The Board of Directors
Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.
Mumbai      
We, hereby to the best of our knowledge and belief certify that: 
a) We have reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended March 31, 2025, and that to 
the best of our knowledge and belief:
i) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that 
might be misleading;
ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing 
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year, which 
is fraudulent, illegal or violates the Company’s Code of conduct.
c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated 
the effectiveness of Internal Control Systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and have disclosed to the 
Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are 
aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
d)   We have disclosed, based on our evaluation wherever applicable to the Auditors and the Audit Committee that;
i) There has not been any significant change in internal control over financial reporting;
ii)   All the significant changes in accounting policies during the year, if any, and that the same have been disclosed in 
the notes to the financial statement; and 
iii)   There were no instances of significant fraud of which we became aware and the involvement therein, of the management 
or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.      
       For Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd
       Shirish M. Anjaria  Dharmesh S. Anjaria
       Chairman cum   Chief Financial Officer &
       Managing Director               Executive Director
       DIN: 00444104                     DIN: 00445009
Place: Mumbai 
Dated: May 24, 2025
===== PDF PAGE 85 =====
84
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To,
The Shareholders
DYNACONS SYSTEMS & SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate,
Irla Lane Vile Parle (West),
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400056
The Corporate Governance Report prepared by Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited (“the Company”), contains details 
as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“the Listing 
Regulations”) with respect to Corporate Governance for the year ended March 31, 2025 pursuant to the Listing Agreement of 
the Company with the National Stock Exchange Limited and Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (collectively referred to as the 
“Stock Exchanges”).
Management’s Responsibility
The preparation of the Corporate Governance Report is the responsibility of the Management of the Company including 
the preparation and maintenance of all relevant supporting records and documents. The Management along with the Board 
of Directors are also responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with the conditions of Corporate Governance as 
stipulated in the Listing Regulations, issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India. This responsibility also includes 
the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Corporate 
Governance Report.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether for 
the year ended March 31, 2025 the Company has complied, with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the 
Listing Regulations.
Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance 
of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of 
the Company.
Opinion
In our opinion, based on our examination of the relevant records and to the best of our information and according to explanations 
given to us, and representations provided by the management, we certify that, the Company, has complied with the conditions 
of Corporate Governance as stipulated, in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations. 
Other Matters and Restriction on use
We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. 
The certificate is addressed and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose to enable the Company to 
comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations, for the year ended March 31, 2025, and it should not be used by any other 
person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose 
or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.
         For HSPN & Associates LLP,
         Company Secretaries
         Mr. Hemant Shetye
         Designated Partner
         FCS: 2827
         COP: 1483
Place: Mumbai
Date: September 03, 2025
ICSI UDIN: F002827G001157057
Peer Review: 6035/2024
===== PDF PAGE 86 =====
85
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Shareholders
Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate, Irla Lane,
Vile Parle (West), Mumbai-400056.
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Dynacons 
Systems & Solutions Limited  having CIN L72200MH1995PLC093130 and having registered office at 78, Ratnajyot Industrial 
Estate, Irla Lane, Vile Parle (West), Mumbai-400056  (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before me by the 
Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 
10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) 
status at the portal www.mca.gov.in as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by the Company & its officers, we 
hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ended 31 st March, 
2025 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
SR. 
NO.
NAME OF DIRECTOR DIN DATE OF APPOINTMENT *
1 Shirish Mansinh Anjaria 00444104 26/09/1995
2 Parag Jitendra Dalal 00409894 26/09/1995
3 Dharmesh Shirish Anjaria 00445009 30/09/1998
4 Vijay Maganlal Doshi 09716581 05/09/2022
5 Archana Vinayak Phadke 07138774 27/03/2015
6 Ashok Rajagiri Bhumaiah 02107796 05/03/2025
Note- *the date of appointment is as per the MCA Portal.
During the Year under review, Mr. Jitesh Jayantilal Jain (DIN: 00282797), resigned from the post of Non-executive, Independent 
Director of the Company. Also, Mr. Jitesh Jain resigned as Member and Chairperson of Audit Committee; as member of 
Stakeholders’ Relationship & Grievance Committee, as member of Nomination & Remuneration Committee and as member of 
Risk Management Committee all w.e.f. March 04, 2025.
Mr. Ashok Rajagiri Bhumaiah (DIN: 02107796), is appointed as Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company subject 
to the approval of the Shareholders which was passed by Postal Ballot on April 11, 2025; Also, Mr. Ashok Rajagiri Bhumaiah is 
appointed as member and Chairperson of Audit committee; as member of Stakeholders’ Relationship & Grievance Committee, as 
member of Nomination & Remuneration Committee and as member of Risk Management Committee all w.e.f. March 05, 2025.
Mr. Shirish Anjaria, (DIN: 00444104), has been re-appointed as Chairman cum Managing Director of the Company for a term of 
Five years.
Mr. Parag Dalal, (DIN: 00409894), has been re-appointed as Whole-time Director of the Company for a term of Five years.
Mr. Dharmesh Anjaria (DIN: 00445009), has been re-appointed as Whole-time Director of the Company for a term of Five years.
Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of 
the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on my verification. This certificate is neither an assurance 
as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the 
affairs of the Company.
         For HSPN & Associates LLP,
         Company Secretaries        
         Mr. Hemant Shetye
         Designated Partner
         FCS: 2827
         COP: 1483
Place: Mumbai
Date: September 03, 2025
ICSI UDIN: F002827G001156991
Peer Review: 6035/2024
===== PDF PAGE 87 =====
86
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the standalone financial statements of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited (“the Company”) which 
comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss, Statement of Changes in Equity and 
Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant 
accounting policies and other explanatory information.
 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone 
financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required and give 
a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2025 and its profit, total comprehensive income, 
changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Companies 
Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Financial Statements of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial 
statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Standalone 
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We 
have determined the matters described below to be the Key Audit matters to be communicated in our report.
A) Revenue for the Company consists primarily of sale of goods recognized and provision of services as per the accounting 
policy described in Note 1.2.2 forming part to the accompanying standalone financial statements. Refer Note No. 25 
forming part of financial statements for details of revenue recognized during the year.
 The Company recognizes revenue from sale of goods when it satisfies its performance obligation, in accordance with the 
principles of Ind AS 115, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, adopted by the Company from the current year, by 
transferring the control of goods to its customers through delivery evidenced by acknowledgement of receipt of goods by 
such customers. Considering the large volume of revenue transactions near period end, there may be a risk of revenue 
recognition occurring before the satisfaction of the performance obligations by the company in accordance with the 
applicable terms. Under Standards on Auditing 240 ‘The auditor’s responsibilities relating to fraud in an audit of financial 
statements’, there is a presumed risk that revenue may be misstated owing to the  improper recognition of revenue.
 Considering the above factors, revenue recognition (cut-off) was identified as a key audit matter for the current year audit.
===== PDF PAGE 88 =====
87
Auditor’s Response:
Our audit work included, but was not limited to, the following procedures:     
-  Obtained an understanding of the revenue and receivable business process, and assessed the appropriateness of the 
accounting policy adopted by the company for revenue recognition.
- Evaluated design and implementation of the key controls around revenue recognition including controls around contract 
approvals, invoice verification, transporter confirmations and customer acknowledgements.
- Tested operating effectiveness of the above identified key controls over revenue recognition near period end.
-  For samples selected from revenue recorded during specific period, before and after year end:
•  Verified the customer contracts for delivery terms verified the customer acknowledgements to evidence proof of delivery 
for domestic sales at or near period end.
 
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Board’s report but does not include the Secretarial Audit report, Standalone financial statements and our 
auditor’s report thereon. The Board’s report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.
 
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express any form of 
assurance or conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified 
above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the 
standalone financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When we read the Board’s report and Management Discussion and Analysis, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement 
therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance and make disclosures and take specific 
actions as per applicable laws and regulations, if required.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) with respect to preparation of 
standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, changes in 
equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the 
accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and 
application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements 
that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as 
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance 
===== PDF PAGE 89 =====
88
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SA’s, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout 
the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company 
to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether 
the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieve fair presentation.
 We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government of India 
in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the 
matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from 
our examination of those books.
===== PDF PAGE 90 =====
89
(c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss, changes in equity and the Cash Flow Statement dealt with by 
this Report are in agreement with the books of accounts. 
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified under 
Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2025 taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure B”.
(g) With respect to other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations 
given to us:
i. The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its financial statements 
– Refer Note No.32.7 forming part of the financial statements.
ii. The Company has long term contracts as at March 31, 2025 for which there are no material foreseeable losses. 
The Company does not have derivative contracts as at March 31, 2025.
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company. 
iv. (1)  The management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in 
the notes to the accounts, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested by the Company to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies),including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries : and    
 (2)  The management has represented, that, to the best of it’s knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in 
the notes to the accounts, no funds have been received by the company from any person(s) or entity(ies), 
including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and
 (3)    Based on audit procedures which we considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to their notice that has caused them to believe that the representations under sub-clause 
(i) and (ii) contain any material misstatement.
v. The company has not declared or paid any dividend during the year in contravention of the provisions of section 
123 of the Companies Act, 2013.
3. Based on our examination which included test checks, the company has used such accounting software for maintaining 
its books of accounts which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout 
the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, during the course of our audit we did not come 
across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with. Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved by the 
Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention.  
For M S P & CO.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 107565W
M.S. Parikh, Partner
Membership No.: 08684
Mumbai 
May 24, 2025
UDIN: 25008684BMIWQF4319
 
===== PDF PAGE 91 =====
90
“Annexure A” forming part of Independent Auditor’s Report
The Annexure referred to in our Independent Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of the Company on the standalone 
Ind AS financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025, we report that:  
On the basis of such checks as we considered appropriate and according to the information and explanations given to us 
during the course of our audit, we report that:
i) (a)  (A)  The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars including quantitative details and situation 
of property, plant and equipment and relevant details of right-of use assets.
  (B)  The Company does not have intangible assets as on 31st March, 2025, therefore Clause 3(i)(a)(B) is not 
applicable to the Company.
(b)  The property, plant and equipment and right-of use assets have been physically verified by the management 
according to the programme of periodical verification in phased manner which, in our opinion, is reasonable having 
regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its property, plant and equipment. The discrepancies, if any, 
noticed on such physical verification have been properly dealt with in the books of accounts.
(c)  There are no immovable properties held in the name of the Company, therefore this clause of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.  
(d)  The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of use assets) and intangible 
assets during the year.
(e)  There are no proceedings initiated or are pending against the Company for holding any benami property under the 
Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
ii) (a)  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the procedures of physical verification 
of inventories followed by the management are reasonable and adequate in relation to the size of the Company and 
the nature of its business and there are no discrepancies on physical verification of each class of inventory. 
 (b)  The company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of ` 5 crores in aggregate from banks during the 
year on the basis of security of current assets of the company. The quarterly returns/statements filed by the company 
with such banks are in agreement with the books of accounts of the company. 
iii) According to the information and explanation provided to us, the Company has not made any investments in or provided 
guarantee or granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured, to companies, firms, Limited 
Liability Partnerships or any other parties during the year other than loan to staff.
a. According to the information and explanation provided to us, the Company has not provided any loans or advances 
in the nature of loans, or stood guarantee, or provided security to any other entity during the year, and hence 
reporting under para 3(iii)(a)(A) and 3(iii)(a)(B) of the Order is not applicable.
b. The terms and conditions of the grant of loans and advances in the nature of loan as stated in para 3(iii) above are 
not prejudicial to the Company’s interest.
c. In respect of loans and advances in the nature of loans as stated in para 3(iii) above, the schedule of repayment of 
principal and payment of interest has been stipulated and the repayments or receipts are regular.
d. As stated in Para 3(iii)(c), the Company is recovering principal and interest amount regularly and there is no amount 
overdue for more than ninety days.
===== PDF PAGE 92 =====
91
e. The Company has not renewed or extended or fresh loans granted to settle the overdue of existing loans to same 
parties, which has fallen due during the year.
iv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not either directly or 
indirectly, granted any loan or made any investments or provided any guarantee and security to the parties covered under 
section 185 and 186 of the Act. Accordingly, provisions stated in paragraph 3(iv) of the Order are not applicable to the 
Company.
v) The Company has not accepted any deposit and hence directives issued by the Reserve Bank of India and provisions of 
sections 73 to 76 or any other provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and Rules framed thereunder reporting under clause 
3(v) of the Order is not applicable. 
vi) The Central Government has prescribed the maintenance of cost records under sub- section (1) of section 148 of the Act 
and we have broadly reviewed the books of accounts maintained by the Company pursuant to the Rules made by the 
Central Government for the maintenance of cost records under section 148 of the Act and are of the opinion that prima 
facie, the prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained. 
vii) According to the information and explanations given to us  in respect of statutory dues:-
a) In our opinion, the Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including Goods and 
Services tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Customs, 
duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues applicable to it with the appropriate 
authorities.
 There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State 
Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other 
material statutory dues in arrears as at March 31, 2025 for a period of more than six months from the date they 
became payable.
b) According to information and explanation given to us, there are no disputed statutory dues including Provident Fund, 
Employees State Insurance, Income Tax, GST, Custom and Excise duty and other statutory dues which have not 
been deposited on account of dispute except as stated below :-
Particulars Period to which amount 
relates
Forum where the dispute 
is pending
Amount ( ` in Lakhs )
Goods and Services Tax FY 2018-19 Appeal to Appellate 
Authority
9.64
viii) According to the information and explanations given to us, Company has not surrendered or disclosed any transaction, 
previously unrecorded in the books of accounts, in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961, as income 
during the year. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(viii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
ix) (a)  According to the information and explanations given to us and as per the books and records examined by us, in 
our opinion, the Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings or in the payment of interest 
thereon to any lender including the loans and interest which are repayable on demand.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations given to us and the records of the Company examined by us including 
representation received from the management, the Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank, 
financial institution or other lenders or government or any government authority.
 (c) According to the information and explanations given to us and as per the books and records examined by us, t 
erm loans were applied for the purpose for which the loans were obtained.
===== PDF PAGE 93 =====
92
 (d)  On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, prima facie, no funds raised on short-term 
basis have been used for long term purposes by the Company.
 (e) The Company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its 
subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures, therefore the requirement to report on clause 3(ix)(e) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
 (f)   The Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures 
or associate companies, therefore the requirement to report on clause 3(ix)(f) of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company.
x) (a)   According to the information and explanations given to us and as per the books and records examined by us, the 
Company has not raised money by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments). 
Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company. 
(b)  According to the information and explanations given to us and as per the books and records examined by us, the 
Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible debentures (fully, 
partially or optionally convertible) during the year. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3 (x) (b) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company. 
 
xi) (a)  According to the information and explanations given to us and as per the representation received from the 
management, no fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the Company has been noticed or reported during 
the year.
 (b)  No report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed 
under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, during the year and upto 
the date of this report.
 (c)  As represented to us by the management, the Company has not received any whistle blower complaints during the 
year.
xii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company; hence 
Clause (xii) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable.
xiii) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of records of the Company, 
transactions with the related parties are in compliance with section 177 and 188 of the Act where applicable and the details 
of such transactions have been disclosed in the standalone Ind AS financial statements as required by the applicable 
accounting standards.
xiv) (a) In our opinion the Company has an adequate internal audit system commensurate with the size and the nature of its 
business.
 (b)  We have considered, the internal audit reports for the year under audit, issued to the Company during the year and 
till date, in determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures.
xv) In our opinion, during the year the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its Directors or persons 
connected with its directors and hence provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the 
Company. 
xvi) (a)  In our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 
1934. Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
 (b)  In our opinion, there is no core investment company within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment Companies 
(Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable.
===== PDF PAGE 94 =====
93
xvii) The Company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year covered by our audit and the immediately preceding 
financial year.
xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the Company during the year.
xix) On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of financial 
liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements and our knowledge of the Board of Directors and 
Management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our 
attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report indicating that 
Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a 
period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability 
of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither 
give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet 
date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due. 
xx) (a) In respect of other than ongoing projects, there are no unspent amounts that are required to be transferred to a fund 
specified in Schedule VII of the Act, in compliance with second proviso to sub section 5 of section 135 of the Act. 
This matter has been disclosed in Note No. 31.3 to the financial statements.
 (b) There are no unspent amounts and ongoing projects in the Company, that are required to be transferred to a special 
account in compliance of provision of sub section (6) of section 135 of Companies Act.
xxi) The CARO report of the Company’s Indian Subsidiary Company, Cybercons Infosec Private Limited, had not been issued 
by the subsidiary’s auditor till the date of signing of this audit report.
For M S P & CO.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 107565W
M.S. Parikh, Partner
Membership No.: 08684 
Mumbai 
May 24, 2025
UDIN: 25008684BMIWQF4319
===== PDF PAGE 95 =====
94
“Annexure B” forming part of Independent Auditor’s Report
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”).
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited (“the 
Company”) as of March 31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 
on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to 
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the 
Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an 
audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and 
the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The 
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on 
the Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
(1)  pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; 
===== PDF PAGE 96 =====
95
(2)  provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements 
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
(3)  provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of 
the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk 
that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to explanation given to us, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and such internal financial controls over 
financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria 
established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
For M S P & CO.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 107565W
M.S. Parikh, Partner
Membership No.: 08684 
Mumbai 
May 24, 2025
UDIN: 25008684BMIWQF4319
===== PDF PAGE 97 =====
96
Standalone Balance Sheet as at 31st March, 2025
      (` in Lakhs)
Particulars  Note No. As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
A ASSETS
1 Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 2 765.25 320.42
(b) Right-of-use assets 2 155.73 229.68
(c) Capital Work In Progress 2 2,195.48  -   
(d) Investments 3 10.05 10.05
(e) Financial Assets
(i) Investments 4 79.46 70.69
(ii) Other Financial Assets 5 5,970.01 273.99
(f) Deferred Tax Assets (Net) 6 106.24 61.16
(g) Other Non Current Assets 7 3,819.71  -   
13,101.92 965.98
2 Current assets
(a) Inventories 8 5,823.74 7,338.86
(b) Financial Assets
(i) Trade receivables 9 43,662.75 40,151.99
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents 10 3,440.93 265.62
(iii) Other balances with banks 11 6,985.26 8,523.51
(iv) Short-term loans and advances 12 276.81 77.39
(v) Other Financial Assets 13 2,735.46 696.70
(c) Other Current Assets 14 1,380.54 682.50
64,305.49 57,736.55
TOTAL 77,407.41 58,702.53
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
1 Equity
(a) Equity Share Capital 15 1,272.53 1,271.31
(b) Other Equity 16 21,819.43 14,485.19
23,091.97 15,756.51
2 Non-current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 17 286.05 947.15
(ii) Lease Liabilities 18 6,433.54 186.48
(b) Long-Term Provisions 19 414.04 346.76
(c) Other non-current liabilities 20 16.08 15.10
7,149.71 1,495.48
3 Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 21 4,902.66 2,372.21
(ii) Lease Liabilities 22 2,261.27 70.93
(iii) Trade Payables 23
(a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 197.20 6.32
(b) Total outstanding dues other than micro enterprises and small enterprises 39,088.59 38,185.72
(b) Other Current Liabilities 24 716.01 815.36
47,165.74 41,450.54
TOTAL 77,407.41 58,702.53
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone financial statements.      
Notes on Financial Statements              1-32        
As per our report of even date  attached      For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
For M S P & CO.          Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.  
Chartered Accountants         CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130  
Firm Registration 107565W      
            Shirish Anjaria     Parag Dalal
            Chairman cum Managing Director  Whole-time/Executive Director     
            DIN : 00444104     DIN : 00409894
              
M. S. PARIKH          Dharmesh Anjaria    Pooja Patwa
Partner           Whole-time/Executive Director &   Company Secretary & 
Membership No. 08684         Chief Financial Officer(CFO)   Compliance Officer
            DIN : 00445009     Membership No. A60986  
Mumbai :  May 24, 2025             
===== PDF PAGE 98 =====
97
Standalone Profit and Loss Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars  Note No.  For the year 
ended 
31st March, 2025
 For the year 
ended 
31st March, 2024
1 INCOME
(a) Revenue from Operations 25  1,26,682.77  1,02,443.48 
(b) Other Income 26  671.21  438.36 
2 Total Revenue  1,27,353.98  1,02,881.84 
3 EXPENSES
(a) Purchases of Stock-In-Trade 27  1,09,025.58  93,253.96 
(b) Changes In Inventories Of Stock-In-Trade 28 1515.12 (3675.48)
(c) Employee Benefits Expense 29  4,357.46  3,855.19 
(d) Finance Costs 30  1,321.49  878.82 
(e) Depreciation And Amortisation Expense 2  164.63  151.94 
(f) Other Expenses 31  1,268.76  1,196.60 
4 Total Expenses  1,17,653.03  95,661.02 
5 Profit before tax  9,700.95  7,220.81 
6 Tax Expense:
(a) Current Tax  2,504.60  1,841.65 
(b) Deferred Tax 6 (45.09) (16.87)
 2,459.51  1,824.78 
7 Profit for the year  7,241.44  5,396.03 
8 Other Comprehensive Income
(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
a) Remeasurement of defined employee benefit plan (51.34) (50.88)
b) Equity instruments through other comprehensive income 8.76 (19.66)
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  11.13  14.74 
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax (31.45) (55.80)
9 Total comprehensive income for the year  7,209.99  5,340.23 
10 Earnings per equity share  of par value of ` 10 Each 32.1
(i) Basic (In ` )  56.95  42.51 
(ii) Diluted (In ` )  56.89  42.47 
Weighted average number of equity shares
(i) Basic  1,27,16,071  1,26,93,244 
(ii) Diluted  1,27,28,821  1,27,05,594 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone financial statements.      
Notes on Financial Statements              1-32        
As per our report of even date  attached      For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
For M S P & CO.          Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.  
Chartered Accountants         CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130  
Firm Registration 107565W      
            Shirish Anjaria     Parag Dalal
            Chairman cum Managing Director  Whole-time/Executive Director     
            DIN : 00444104     DIN : 00409894
              
M. S. PARIKH          Dharmesh Anjaria    Pooja Patwa
Partner           Whole-time/Executive Director &   Company Secretary & 
Membership No. 08684         Chief Financial Officer(CFO)   Compliance Officer
            DIN : 00445009     Membership No. A60986  
Mumbai :  May 24, 2025             
===== PDF PAGE 99 =====
98
Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the Year Ended 31st March, 2025
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars  For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
 For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
A CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net profit before Tax and extraordinary items 9,700.95 7,220.81
Add: Depreciation And Amortisation Expense 164.63 151.94
Finance Costs 1,321.49 878.82
Share based payments to employees 48.33 (1.04)
Gain on sale of Investments (122.48) (40.87)
Bad debts and advances written off, allowance for doubtful trade receivables and 
advances (net)
 -   6.82
1,411.97 995.67
Operating profit before working Capital 11,112.92 8,216.48
Changes in current assets and liabilities
Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in operating assets:
Inventories 1,515.12 (3,675.48)
Trade receivables (3,510.76) (10,097.95
Other non current financial assets 159.66 (105.74)
Other non current assets (3,819.71)  -   
Other current financial assets 2,994.23 (5679.78)
Other current assets (1,093.00) (303.38)
Adjustments for increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities:
Trade payables 1,093.75 16,297.70
Other current liabilities (99.35) (78.15)
Other non current Liabilities 0.99 1.35
Provisions 15.94 35.34
(2,743.14) (3,606.08)
Cash Generated from Operations 8,369.78 4,610.40
Taxes paid (1,959.03) (1706.83)
Net Cash Flow from operating activities 6,410.75 2,903.57
B CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment (535.51) (29.13)
Capital Work In Progress Expenditure (2195.48)  -   
Sale & Purchase of Investments (Net)  122.48 (4.13)
Net Cash Used for Investing Activities (2608.51) (33.26)
C CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayment of Lease Liabiliites (1112.45) (62.53)
Payment of Dividend (63.57) (63.71)
Employee Share Options Money Received 1.22  2.01 
Addition / (Repayment) of long-term borrowings (661.10) (649.09)
Short-term borrowings (net) 2,530.45 (2,574.44)
Interest Paid (1321.49) (878.82)
Net cash From Financing Activities (626.93) (4,226.58)
===== PDF PAGE 100 =====
99
Particulars  For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
 For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
D Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C) 3,175.32 (1356.27)
E Cash and Cash Equivalents  (Opening Balance) 265.62 1,621.89
F Cash and Cash Equivalents  (Closing Balance) 3,440.93 265.62
Component of Cash & Cash equivelants
Cash on hand 0.48 0.80
Balances with banks in current accounts 73.37 58.34
Demand deposits with Banks 3,367.09 206.48
3,440.93 265.62
Notes 1 to 32 form an integral part of these standalone financial statement
      
As per our report of even date  attached      For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
For M S P & CO.          Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.  
Chartered Accountants         CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130  
Firm Registration 107565W      
            Shirish Anjaria     Parag Dalal
            Chairman cum Managing Director  Whole-time/Executive Director     
            DIN : 00444104     DIN : 00409894
              
M. S. PARIKH          Dharmesh Anjaria    Pooja Patwa
Partner           Whole-time/Executive Director &   Company Secretary & 
Membership No. 08684         Chief Financial Officer(CFO)   Compliance Officer
            DIN : 00445009     Membership No. A60986  
Mumbai :  May 24, 2025             
===== PDF PAGE 101 =====
100
 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
 For the year ended 31st Mar, 2025
A. Equity Share Capital (Note No. 15)
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars Equity Share Capital
As at 1st April 2023 1,269.31
Changes in Equity Share Capital 2.01
As at 31st March 2024 1,271.31
As at 1stApril 2024 1,271.31
Changes in Equity Share Capital 1.22
As at 31st March 2025 1,272.53
  
B. Other Equity (Note No. 16)    
( ` In Lakhs )
Reserve and Surplus Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income
Total
Securities 
Premium 
Reserve
Share Option  
Outstanding 
Retained 
Earnings
` ` ` ` `
Balance as at 1st April 2023  958.60  97.23  8,148.03 (16.89)  9,186.97 
Total Comprehensive Income for the year
Additions during the year  59.47  -    5,396.03 (55.80)  5,399.70 
Measurement of defined employee benefit plan  -    -    -    22.74 22.74 
Dividend Paid  -    -   (63.71)  -   (63.71)
Transfer to Profit and Loss during the year  -   (1.04)  -    -   (1.04)
Transfer to Securities Premium Account  -   (59.47)  -    -   (59.47)
Balance as at 31st March 2024 1018.07 36.71  13,480.35 (49.95)  14,485.19 
Balance as at 1st April 2024  1,018.07  36.71  13,480.35 (49.95)  14,485.19 
Total Comprehensive Income for the year
Additions during the year  36.27  188.11  7,241.44 (31.45)  7,434.37 
Dividend Paid  -    -   (63.57)  -   (63.57)
Transfer to Securities Premium Account  -   (36.27)  -    -   (36.27)
Transfer to Profit and Loss during the year  -   (0.30)  -    -   (0.30)
Balance as at 31st March 2025  1,054.34  188.26  20,658.23 (81.40)  21,819.43 
Notes 1 to 32 form an integral part of these standalone financial statement
      
As per our report of even date  attached      For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
For M S P & CO.          Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.  
Chartered Accountants         CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130  
Firm Registration 107565W      
            Shirish Anjaria     Parag Dalal
            Chairman cum Managing Director  Whole-time/Executive Director     
            DIN : 00444104     DIN : 00409894
              
M. S. PARIKH          Dharmesh Anjaria    Pooja Patwa
Partner           Whole-time/Executive Director &   Company Secretary & 
Membership No. 08684         Chief Financial Officer(CFO)   Compliance Officer
            DIN : 00445009     Membership No. A60986  
Mumbai :  May 24, 2025             
===== PDF PAGE 102 =====
101
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
Note 1: Summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information
1.1 Company Overview 
 Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Dynacons”) is a 30 years old IT company with global 
perspectives with its headquarters at Mumbai and branches all over India. The Company has a large pool of technical 
resources who are present at more than 250 locations across India. The Company has all the industry leading certifications 
such as CMMI Level 5, ISO 9001, ISO 20000, ISO 27000 among others.
 Dynacons undertakes all activities related to IT infrastructure including infrastructure design and consulting services, 
turnkey systems integration and set up of large Network and Data Centre infrastructures including supply of associated 
equipment and software; Hyper Converged Infrastructure (HCI) solutions, Setup of Private and Public Cloud, Software 
Defined Network (SD WAN) and Software Defined Storage (SDS) solutions, Network Infrastructure design and setup for 
ISPs, VDI Solutions, onsite and remote facilities management of multi- location infrastructure of domestic clients. The 
Company has built a strong customer base, variety of talent and a competent service delivery infrastructure.
 Dynacons provides all service models such as IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service), PaaS (Platform as a Service) and Saas 
(Software as a Service). Dynacons' Enterprise Services offerings include a wide spectrum of Enterprise IT Services 
including Infrastructure Managed Services, Breakfix Services, Managed Print Services, Cloud Computing, Systems 
Integration Services, and Applications Development and Maintenance. The Company provides end-to-end technology 
and technology related services to corporations across industry verticals. The Company has deep domain knowledge 
across industry sectors and technology expertise across traditional and new age technologies.
 The company was incorporated under provisions of Co’s act 1956, having its Registered Office at 78, Ratnajyot 
Industrial Estate, Irla Lane, Vile parle West, Mumbai 400056 (CIN No L72200MH1995PLC093130). Standalone Financial 
Statements for the year ended 31 st March, 2025 were approved and authorized for issue by Board of Directors on  
24th May, 2025
1.2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
1.2.1. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
a) Statement of compliance
 The standalone financial statements of the Company have been prepared and presented in accordance with Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as per Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standard) Amendment Rules, 2016 as notified under section 133 of Companies Act, 2013 (the 
"Act") and other relevant provisions of the Act.
 The standalone financial statements were approved for issue by the Board of directors on 24th May, 2025.  
 The standalone financial statements of the Company are prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards 
(Ind AS) under the historical cost convention on accrual basis except for certain financial assets and financial 
liabilities that have been measured at fair value.
b) Functional and presentation currency
 The standalone financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (INR), which is also the Company's functional 
currency. All amounts have been rounded-off to the nearest lacs unless otherwise indicated. 
c) Current and non-current classification
 All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Company’s normal operating 
cycle and other criteria set out in Schedule III to the Act. Based on the nature of products and the time between the 
acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash and cash equivalents, the Company has ascertained 
its operating cycle up to twelve months for the purpose of current – noncurrent classification of assets and liabilities.
===== PDF PAGE 103 =====
102
d) Basis of measurement
 The standalone financial statements have been prepared on the historical basis except for the following items:
Items Measurement Basis
Certain financial assets and liabilities 
(including derivative instruments)
Fair Value
Net defined benefit(asset)/ liability Fair value of plan assets less present value of defined benefit obligations
e) Use of estimates and judgements
 In preparing these standalone financial statements, management has made judgements, estimates and assumptions 
that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. 
Actual result may differ from these estimates.
 Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognised prospectively.
 Judgements
 Information about judgments made in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the 
amounts recognised in the standalone financial statements is included in the following notes:
 ·Lease classification – Note 1.2.16
 Assumptions and estimation uncertainties
 Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a material 
adjustment in the subsequent period financial statements is included in the following notes:
· Estimation of deferred tax expense and payable – Note 1.2.13
· Estimated useful life of property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets – Note 1.2.7
· Estimation of defined benefit obligations-– Note 1.2.12
· Impairment of trade receivables- Note 1.2.18
f) Measurement of fair values
 The Company's accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial and 
non-financial assets and liabilities.
 The Company has an established control framework with respect to the measurement of fair values. This includes a 
treasury team that has overall responsibility for overseeing all significant fair value measurements, including Level 3 
fair values, and reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer.
 The treasury team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party 
information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then the valuation team 
assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that these valuations meet the 
requirements of Ind AS, including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which the valuations should be classified.
 Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation 
techniques as follows.
- Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
- Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either 
directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
- Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
 When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company uses observable market data as far as 
possible. If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the fair value 
===== PDF PAGE 104 =====
103
hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy 
as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.
 The Company recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period 
during which the change has occurred.
1.2.2. Revenue Recognition 
1.2.2.1. Sale of goods:
 Revenue is recognised upon transfer of control of promised goods to customers in an amount that reflects the 
consideration which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods. 
 Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer which 
is usually on dispatch / delivery of goods, based on contracts with the customers. 
 Revenue is measured based on the transaction price, which is the consideration, adjusted for discounts, price 
concessions, incentives, and returns, if any, as specified in the contracts with the customers. Revenue excludes taxes 
collected from customers on behalf of the government. Accruals for discounts/incentives and returns are estimated 
(using the most likely method) based on accumulated experience and underlying schemes and agreements with 
customers. Due to the short nature of credit period given to customers, there is no financing component in the 
contract. 
Contract Assets
Trade Receivables
A receivable represents the Company’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the 
passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due). 
Contract liabilities
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Company has received consideration 
(or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration before the Company 
transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is made, or the 
payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Company performs 
under the contract. 
1.2.2.2. Rendering of Services
 Revenue is recognized from rendering of services when the performance obligation is satisfied and the services are 
rendered in accordance with the terms and conditions of customer contracts. Revenue is measured based on the 
transaction price, which is the consideration, as specified in the contract with the customer. Revenue also excludes 
taxes collected from customers.
1.2.2.3. Revenue from time and material and job contracts is recognised on output basis measured by units delivered, 
efforts expended, number of transactions processed, etc. and as per terms & conditions under the contract with the 
customers.
1.2.2.4. Deferred contract costs are upfront costs incurred for the contract and are amortized on a systematic basis that 
is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to  which the asset relates.
1.2.2.5. Other Income
i) Profit on sale of investments is determined as the difference between the sales price and the carrying value of 
the investment upon disposal of investments.
ii) Dividend income is recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss on the date on which the Company's right to 
receive payment is established.
iii) Interest income or expense is recognised using the effective interest method.
===== PDF PAGE 105 =====
104
 The ‘effective interest rate’ is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the 
expected life of the financial instrument to:
 - the gross carrying amount of the financial asset ;
 or
 - the amortised cost of the financial liability
 In calculating interest income and expense, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the 
asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability. However, for financial assets 
that have become credit- impaired subsequent to initial recognition, interest income is calculated by applying the 
effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then the 
calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis.
iv) Insurance claims are accounted for on the basis of claims admitted / expected to be admitted and to the extent 
that the amount recoverable can be measured reliably and it is reasonable to expect ultimate collection.
v) Interest on Refund from Income Tax Department / GST department / Environment agencies  are accounted for 
on receipt basis.
1.2.3. Expenditure Recognition 
 Expenses are accounted on the accrual basis and on crystallisation of such expenses. And provisions for all known 
losses and liabilities are made. 
1.2.4. Recent pronouncements
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards under 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. Management anticipates that all relevant 
pronouncements will be adopted for the first period beginning on or after the effective date of the pronouncement 
given below:
a)  Ind AS 116- Leases
 The amendments require an entity to recognize lease liability including variable lease payments which are not 
linked to index or a rate in a way it does not result into gain on Right of Use asset it retains. The Company has 
evaluated the amendment and concluded that there is no impact on its standalone financial statements.
b)  Ind AS 117- Insurance contracts
 MCA notified Ind AS 117, a comprehensive standard that prescribe, recognition, measurement and disclosure 
requirements, to avoid diversities in practice for accounting insurance contracts and it applies to all companies 
i.e., to all “insurance contracts” regardless of the issuer. The effective date for adoption of this amendment 
is annual Company has evaluated the amendment and concluded that there is no impact on its standalone 
financial statements.
c) Ind AS 21- The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), via notification dated 7th May 2025, announced amendments to the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 which come into effect from the date of publication. 
The key amendments include the definition of whether a currency is exchangeable, and the process by which 
an entity should assess this exchangeability, guidance on how an entity should estimate a spot exchange 
rate in cases where a currency is not exchangeable and additional disclosures in cases where an entity has 
estimated a spot exchange rate due to a lack of exchangeability. The Company has evaluated the amendment 
and concluded that there is no impact on its standalone financial statements.
1.2.5. Cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits with banks. Cash equivalents are short-term balances, (with 
original maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition), highly liquid investments that are readily 
convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value.
===== PDF PAGE 106 =====
105
1.2.6. Cash flow statement
 Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby profit / (loss) before extraordinary items and tax is 
adjusted for the effects of transactions of non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts 
or payments. The cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities of the Company are segregated 
based on the available information.
1.2.7. Property, plant and equipment
 Buildings and other equipment 
 Buildings and other equipment (comprising plant and machinery, furniture and fittings, electrical equipment, office 
equipment, computers and vehicles) are initially recognized at acquisition cost, including any costs directly attributable 
to bringing the assets to the location and condition necessary for them to be capable of operating in the manner 
intended by the management. Buildings and other equipment are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and any impairment losses. Cost of property, plant and equipment not ready for the intended use before 
reporting date is disclosed as capital work in progress.
 Subsequent expenditure incurred on an item of property, plant and equipment is added to the book value of that 
asset only if this increases the future benefits from the existing asset beyond its previously assessed standard of 
performance. 
Gains or losses arising on the disposal of property, plant and equipment are determined as the difference between 
the disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the assets and are recognized in the statement of profit and loss 
within other income or other expenses.  
The components of assets are capitalized only if the life of the components vary significantly and whose cost is 
significant in relation to the cost of respective asset. The life of components in assets are determined based on 
technical assessment and past history of replacement of such components in the assets.
Tangible assets are carried at the cost of acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment, if any. The cost of tangible assets includes non-refundable taxes, duties, freight and other incidental 
expenses related to the acquisition and installation of the respective assets. Assets which are retired from active 
use and are held for disposal are stated at the lower of their net book value or net realizable value. Cost of tangible 
assets not ready for the intended use as at balance sheet date are disclosed as “capital work in progress”.
Impairment testing of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment
For the purpose of impairment assessment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are largely 
independent cash inflows (cash-generating units). As a result, some assets are tested individually for impairment 
and some are tested at cash-generating unit level. All individual assets or cash-generating units are tested for 
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s (or cash-generating unit’s) carrying amount 
exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use. To determine 
the value-in-use, management estimates expected future cash flows from each cash-generating unit and determines 
a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The data used for impairment 
testing procedures are directly linked to the Group’s latest approved budget, adjusted as necessary to exclude the 
effects of future reorganizations and asset enhancements. Discount factors are determined individually for each 
cash generating unit and reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and asset-specific risk 
factors. 
Impairment losses for cash-generating units reduce first the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to that cash 
generating unit. Any remaining impairment loss is charged pro rata to the other assets in the cash-generating unit. 
With the exception of goodwill, all assets are subsequently reassessed for indications that an impairment loss 
previously recognized may no longer exist. An impairment loss is reversed if the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s 
recoverable amount exceeds its carrying amount.
===== PDF PAGE 107 =====
106
Depreciation
Depreciation on tangible assets is provided on straight line method and in the manner prescribed in Schedule II to 
the Companies Act, 2013, over its useful life specified in the Act, or based on the useful life of the assets as estimated 
by Management based on technical evaluation and advice. The residual value is 5% of the acquisition cost which is 
considered to be the amount recoverable at the end of the asset’s useful life. The residual values, useful lives and 
method of depreciation of property, plant and equipment is reviewed at each financial year end.
The Management’s estimates of the useful life of various categories of fixed assets where estimates of useful life are 
lower than the useful life specified in Part C of Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013 are as under:
Type of asset Estimated useful life (Years)
Plant and equipment
- Computers – Desktops / Laptops 6
- Computers – Servers / Storages 3
- Computers – Others 2
Furniture and fixtures 10
Vehicles 8
Office equipment 5
Intangible assets 6
 Assets costing less than ` 5,000 individually have been fully depreciated in the year of   purchase.
 The estimated useful life of the intangible assets and the amortisation period are reviewed at the end of each 
financial year and the amortisation period is revised to reflect the changed pattern, if any.
1.2.8. Research & Development Expenditure
 Revenue expenditure pertaining to research is charged to the standalone statement of profit and loss. Development 
costs of products are also charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss unless a product’s technical feasibility has 
been established, in which case such expenditure is capitalized. The amount capitalized comprises expenditure that 
can be directly attributed or allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to creating, producing and making the 
asset ready for its intended use. Property, Plant and equipment utilized for research and development are capitalized 
and depreciated in accordance with the policies stated for property, plant and equipment.
1.2.9. Inventories 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of the cost and the net realizable value. Net realisable value is the estimated 
selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and to make the sale. Cost is 
determined on a First in First out basis. A periodic review is made of slow-moving stock and appropriate provisions 
are made for anticipated losses, if any.
1.2.10. Investments 
 Investments that are readily realisable and are intended to be held for not more than one year from the date on 
which such investments are made are classified as current investments. All other investments are classified as 
long-term investments. Long-term investments other than investment in subsidiaries are valued at fair market value. 
Provision is made for diminution in value to recognize a decline, if any, other than that of temporary in nature. 
Current investments are valued at lower of cost and fair market value. Gains or losses that arise on disposal of an 
investment are measured as the difference between disposal proceeds and the carrying value and are recognised 
in the statement of profit and loss.
1.2.11. Foreign Currency transactions
 Reporting and presentation currency
 The standalone financial statements are presented in Lakhs of Indian Rupees, which is also the functional currency 
of the Company. 
===== PDF PAGE 108 =====
107
 Foreign currency transactions and balances
i) Initial Recognition: Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange rates  prevailing on the date 
of the transaction.            
ii) Conversion: At the year-end, monetary items in foreign currencies are converted into rupee equivalents at the 
year end exchange rates.
1.2.12.  Retirement Benefits to employees 
  i.  Post-employment benefit plans
   Defined contribution plan
   Payment to defined contribution retirement benefit schemes are charged as an expense as they fall due. 
  Defined Benefit plan
 For defined benefit schemes, the cost of providing benefits is determined using Projected Unit Credit 
method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at each balance sheet date. Actuarial gains/losses 
are recognized in the period of occurrence under Other Comprehensive Income (OCI). Past service cost 
is recognized to the extent the benefits are already vested, and otherwise is amortized on a Straight-
Line method over the average period until the benefits become vested. The retirement benefit obligation 
recognized in the balance sheet represents the present value of the defined benefit obligations as adjusted 
for unrecognized past service cost. 
 ii.  Short-term employee benefits
 The undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits expected to be paid in exchange of services 
rendered by employees is recognized during the period when the employee renders the service. These 
benefits include performance incentives, paid annual leave, medical allowance, etc.
1.2.13. Income Tax 
 Tax expense recognized in the statement of profit or loss comprises the sum of deferred tax and current tax not 
recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Calculation of current tax is based on tax rates 
in accordance with tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. 
Deferred income taxes are calculated using the liability method on temporary differences between tax bases of 
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at reporting date. Deferred taxes 
pertaining to items recognized in other comprehensive income are also disclosed under the same head. Deferred tax 
assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that the underlying tax loss or deductible temporary difference 
will be utilized against future taxable income. This is assessed based on the respective entity’s forecast of future 
operating results, adjusted for significant non-taxable income and expenses and specific limits on the use of any 
unused tax loss or credit. 
 Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized in full, although Ind AS 12 ‘Income Taxes’ specifies limited exemptions. 
As a result of these exemptions the Group does not recognize deferred tax liability on temporary differences relating 
to goodwill, or to its investments in subsidiaries. Changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities are recognized as a 
component of tax income or expense in the statement of profit and loss, except where they relate to items that are 
recognized in other comprehensive income (such as the re-measurement of defined benefit plans) or directly in equity, 
in which case the related deferred tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or equity, respectively.
1.2.14. Borrowing Costs
 Borrowing Costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of qualifying assets are capitalised for the period until 
the asset is ready for its intended use. A qualifying asset is an asset that necessarily takes substantial period of time 
to get ready for its intended use. Other borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are 
incurred. 
1.2.15. Provisions (other than employee benefits)  and contingencies
 A provision is recognised when the Company has a present obligation as a result of past events and it is probable 
that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation in respect of which a reliable estimate can be 
===== PDF PAGE 109 =====
108
made. Provisions (excluding retirement benefits) are not discounted to their present value and are determined based 
on the best estimate required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date. These are reviewed at each Balance 
Sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimates. Contingent liabilities are disclosed in the note 32.7 
Contingent assets are not recognised in the financial statements.
 Onerous contracts
 A contract is considered to be onerous when the expected economic benefits to be derived by the Company from 
the contract are lower than the unavoidable cost of meeting its obligations under the contract.
 
 The provision for an onerous contract is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating 
the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract. Before such a provision is made, the Company 
recognises any impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract.
1.2.16. Leases
 Lease Identification
 A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period 
of time in exchange for consideration.
 The Company’s lease asset primarily consist of lease for buildings. The Company assesses whether a contract 
contains a lease, at inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to 
control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company assesses whether:
(i)    the contract involves the use of an identified asset
(ii)   the Company has substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset through the period of the lease 
and
(iii)  the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset.
 Lessee Accounting
 Ind AS 116 “Leases” sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases 
for both lessees and lessors.
Recognition
The Company recognises right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and 
lease liability at the lease commencement date. 
Measurement of ROU Asset
The cost of the right of- use asset measured at inception comprises of the amount of the initial measurement of the 
lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives 
received, plus any initial direct costs incurred.
Subsequent Measurement of ROU Asset
The right-of-use assets is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses, if any and adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability. The right-of use assets is 
depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date over the lease term life of right-of-use 
asset.
Measurement of Lease Liability
At the commencement date of the lease, the Company recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of 
lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in substance 
fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and 
amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price 
of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company and payments of penalties for terminating 
the lease, if the lease term reflects the Company exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do 
===== PDF PAGE 110 =====
109
not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in 
the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs. In calculating the present value of lease 
payments, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest 
rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. 
Subsequent Measurement of Lease Liability
After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and 
reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a 
modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments resulting 
from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an 
option to purchase the underlying asset.
Short-Term and Low-Value Leases
The company has elected not to recognize assets and liabilities for (a) short- term leases (for a period of twelve 
months or less) and (b) leases of low value assets. For these short-term and low value leases, the Company 
recognizes the lease payments as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
Lease liabilities are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to the related right of use asset if the Company 
changes its assessment if whether it will exercise an extension or a termination option.
 
Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments have been 
classified as financing cash flows.
Finance Lease
Leases under which the company assumes substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as 
finance leases. The lower of fair value of asset and present value of minimum lease rentals is capitalized as fixed 
assets with corresponding amount shown as lease liability. The principle component in the lease rentals is adjusted 
against the lease liability and interest component is charged to profit and loss account. 
Company as a lessor 
At the inception of the lease the Company classifies each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance 
lease. 
The Company recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over 
the lease term. 
In case of a finance lease, finance income is recognised over the lease term based on a pattern reflecting a constant 
periodic rate of return on the lessor's net investment in the lease. 
In the case company has entered into lease agreements for IT hardware & same are deployed to customers under 
service contracts & under the service contracts the customers have full control and use of the assets during the term 
and are entitled to acquire the assets at the end of the term, the Company derecognises the Right-of-Use assets as 
Financial Assets, The corresponding lease liabilities remain recognized
1.2.17. Financial instruments
 Financial assets (other than trade receivables) and financial liabilities are recognized when the Company becomes 
a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. All financial assets and financial liabilities contracts 
are initially measured at fair value adjusted for transaction costs, and where such price is different from fair value, at 
fair value. Trade receivables are recognized at their transaction price as the same do not contain significant financing 
component.
 Transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than 
financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from, as the case 
may be, the fair value of such financial assets or liabilities on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to 
the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in profit or loss.
===== PDF PAGE 111 =====
110
 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
 For the purpose of subsequent measurement financial assets are classified and measured based on the entity’s 
business model for managing the financial asset and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset at: 
a.  Amortized cost
b.  Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) or
c.  Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)
All financial assets are reviewed for impairment at least at each reporting date to identify whether there is any 
objective evidence that a financial asset or a Company of financial assets is impaired. Different criteria to determine 
impairment are applied for each category of financial assets, which are described below.
Financial assets at amortized Cost
Financial assets at amortized Cost Includes assets that are held within a business model where the objective is to 
hold the financial assets to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms gives rise on specified dates to 
cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
These assets are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The loss allowance 
at each reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 12 months and credit risk exposure. 
The Company shall also measure the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime 
expected credit losses if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition.
Financial assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
Includes assets that are held within a business model where the objective is both collecting contractual cash flows 
and selling financial assets along with the contractual terms giving rise on specified dates to cash flows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. At initial application of Ind As 109, 
the Company, based on its assessment, makes an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income 
the changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument that is not held for trading. These selections 
are made on an instrument-by- instrument (i.e., share-by-share) basis. If the Company decides to classify an equity 
instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, impairment gains or 
losses and foreign exchange gains and losses, are recognized in other comprehensive income. There is no recycling 
of the amounts from OCI to profit or loss, even on sale of investment. The dividends from such instruments are 
recognized in statement of profit and loss.
 The fair value of financial assets in this category are determined by reference to active market transactions or using 
a valuation technique where no active market exists. The loss allowance at each reporting period is evaluated based 
on the expected credit losses for next 12 months and credit risk exposure. The Company shall also measure the loss 
allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that 
financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition. The loss allowance shall be recognized in 
other comprehensive income and shall not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the balance sheet.
 Financial assets at Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)
 Financial assets at FVTPL include financial assets that are designated at FVTPL upon initial recognition and financial 
assets that are not measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income. All derivative 
financial instruments fall into this category, except for those designated and effective as hedging instruments, for 
which the hedge accounting requirements apply. Assets in this category are measured at fair value with gains or 
losses recognized in profit or loss. The fair value of financial assets in this category are determined by reference to 
active market transactions or using a valuation technique where no active market exists.
 The loss allowance at each reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 12 months and 
credit risk exposure. The Company shall also measure the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount 
equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly 
since initial recognition. The loss allowance shall be recognized in profit and loss.
===== PDF PAGE 112 =====
111
1.2.18. Impairment
a)  Impairment of financial instruments
 The Company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses on:
Financial assets measured at amortised cost;
At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether financial assets are carried at amortised cost. A financial 
asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows 
of the financial asset have occurred.
The Company measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses, except for the 
following, which are measured as 12 month expected credit losses:
- debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and
- other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected 
life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.
Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses.
12-month expected credit losses are the portion of expected credit losses that result from default events that are 
possible within 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less 
than 12 months).
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and 
when estimating expected credit losses, the Company considers reasonable and supportable information that is 
relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and 
analysis, based on the Company’s historical experience and informed credit assessment and including forward- 
looking information.
Measurement of expected credit losses
Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the 
present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Company in accordance 
with the contract and the cash flows that the Company expects to receive).
Presentation of allowance for expected credit losses in the balance sheet
Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of 
the assets.
Write-off
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no 
realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Company determines that the debtor does not 
have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the 
write-off.
b) Impairment of non-financial assets
The Company’s non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting 
date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s 
recoverable amount is estimated.
For impairment testing, assets that do not generate independent cash inflows are grouped together into cash-
generating units (CGUs). Each CGU represents the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows that are 
largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs.
The recoverable amount of a CGU (or an individual asset) is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs 
to sell. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present value using a pre-tax 
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU 
(or the asset).
===== PDF PAGE 113 =====
112
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable 
amount. Impairment losses are recognised in the standalone statement of profit and loss. Impairment loss recognised 
in respect of a CGU is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then 
to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets of the CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.
1.2.19. Share based payment transactions:
 Employee Stock Option Plans (“ESOPs”):
 The fair value of options determined at the grant date is recognized as an employee expense on a straight line 
basis (on the basis of multiple vesting of options granted), with a corresponding increase in other equity under 
“Employee Stock Options Outstanding account”, over the vesting period of the grant, where the employee becomes 
entitled to the options. At the end of each reporting period, the Company revises its estimate of the number of 
equity instruments expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss such that the cumulative expenses reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding 
adjustment to the “Employee Stock Options Outstanding account”.
 Stock Options are granted to eligible employees in accordance with “Dynacons - Employees Stock Option Plan 2020”  
(ESOP 2020), as approved by the Shareholders in accordance with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) 
Regulations, 2014 which was amended by the Board of Directors of the Company to align with the provisions of the 
SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.  
 Under Ind AS 102 on Share based Payment, the cost of stock options is recognised based on the fair value of stock 
options as on the grant date.
1.2.20. Earnings per share
 Basic earnings per equity share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders (after deducting attributable taxes) by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
during the period. The weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for 
events including a bonus issue, bonus element in a rights issue to existing shareholders, share split and reverse 
share split (consolidation of shares). In this scenario, the number of equity shares outstanding increases without 
an increase in resources due to which the number of equity shares outstanding before the event is adjusted for the 
proportionate change in the number of equity shares outstanding as if the event had occurred at the beginning of the 
earliest period reported. 
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effects 
of all dilutive potential equity shares.
===== PDF PAGE 114 =====
113
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025
2 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT OF USE ASSETS   
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars Property, Plant and Equipment Right of 
Use assets
Furnitures & Fixtures Vehicles (Cars) Office Equipment Computer Total Lease hold 
premises
Gross block
Balance as at 1 April 2023 33.33 203.24 10.10 287.55 534.23 371.60
Additions 28.56  -   0.57  -   29.13 -
Disposals  -    -    -    -    -   3.61
Acquisitions through business combinations  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Amount of change due to revaluation  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Balance as at 31 March 2024 61.89 203.24  10.67 287.55 563.35 367.99
Additions 5.58  217.71  -    312.21 535.51  -   
Disposals  -    -    -    -    -   -
Acquisitions through business combinations  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Amount of change due to revaluation  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Balance as at 31 March 2025 67.47 420.95 10.67 599.76 1,098.86 367.99
Accumulated  depreciation/ amortisation
Balance as at 1 April 2023 1.75 63.83 3.02 97.26 165.86 67.06
Depreciation / amortisation for the year 4.86 27.69 1.73 42.81 77.08 74.86
Reversal on disposal of assets  -    -    -    -    -   3.61
Balance as at 31 March 2024 6.60 91.52 4.74 140.07 242.94 138.31
Depreciation/ amortisation for the year 7.04 30.45 1.75 51.44 90.67 73.95
Reversal on disposal of assets  -    -    -    -    -   -
Balance as at 31 March 2025 13.64 121.97 6.49 191.51 333.61 212.26
Net Block
Balance as at 1 April 2024 55.28 111.72 5.93 147.48 320.42 229.68
Balance as at 31 March 2025 53.83 298.98 4.18 408.26 765.25 155.73
a. Of the above, charge has been created over Furnitures & Fixtures, Vehicles, Office Equipments and Computers in regard to borrowings (Refer note 21.1)
b. Refer note 1.2.16  for Right of use assets
c. No borrowing costs were capitalised to property, plant and equipment during the year. (Refer Note 1.2.14 on Borrowing Cost)
d. Disclosure with respect to capital work-in-progress     
Capital Work In Progress Amount
As at 31 March 2025 2,195.48
As at 31 March 2024  -   
      
- Capital-Work-in Progress (CWIP) aging schedule     
CWIP Amount in CWIP for a period of  
Less than 1 year 1-2 years More than 3 years Total
Projects in progress 2,195.48  -    -   2,195.48
Projects temporarily suspended  -    -    -    -   
 As on the date of the balance sheet, there are no capital work in progress projects whose completion is overdue or has exceeded the cost.     
===== PDF PAGE 115 =====
114
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
3 INVESTMENT
A - IN SUBSIDIARY
Fully paid equity shares (unquoted) at cost
(i) Dynacons Systems & Solutions PTE Ltd
(7,678 (31st March, 2024 - 7,678) Equity Shares of US$ 1/- each) 5.05 5.05
B - IN ASSOCIATES
(i) In Equity Shares - Unquoted, fully paid up at cost
Cybercons Infosec Private Limited 5.00 5.00
(50,000 (31st March, 2024 - 50,000) Equity Shares of `10 each fully 
paid up)
10.05 5.05
(i) Extent of investment
-Dynacons Systems & Solutions PTE Ltd 100% 100%
-Cybercons Infosec Private Limited 50% 50%
(ii) Aggregate value of quoted and unquoted investments is as 
follows:
Aggregate value of quoted investments  -    -   
Aggregate value of unquoted investments  10.05  10.05 
Aggregate market value of quoted investments  -    -   
Aggregate value of impairment of investments  -    -   
4 NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS - INVESTMENTS
Investments designated at fair value through Other Comprehensive 
Income
Quoted
(i) In Equity Shares - Quoted, fully paid up
Bank of Baroda Limited  0.50 0.25
(220 (31st March, 2024 - 220  Equity Shares of ` 10 each fully paid up)
(ii) In Units of Mutual Fund - Quoted, fully paid up
a) HDFC Focused 30 Fund - Regular Plan - Growth  27.93  24.17 
(Unit 13,055.264 (31st March, 2024 - 13,055.264))
b) ICICI Prudential Bluechip Fund - Growth  26.06  24.34 
(Unit 25,321.713 (31st March, 2024 - 25,321.713))
c) Parag Parikh Flexi Cap Fund - Regular Plan - Growth  24.96  21.94 
(Unit 31,645.487 (31st March, 2024 - 31,645.487))
Total 79.46 70.69
===== PDF PAGE 116 =====
115
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
(iii) Aggregate value of quoted and unquoted investments is as follows:
Aggregate value of quoted investments  79.46  70.69 
Aggregate value of unquoted investments  -    -   
Aggregate market value of quoted investments  79.46  70.69 
Aggregate value of impairment of investments  -    -   
(iv) The Company has made an irrevocable election of accounting policy 
as at the adoption date 01 April 2016 to fair value investment in equity 
instrument through Other Comprehensive Income (‘OCI’). 
(v) Investments in Units of Mutual Funds are considered as quoted 
investments as NAV's are available at the end of 31st March, 2025/2024
5 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity 114.33 273.99
Deposits Accounts of `114.33 Lakhs (As at 31st March, 2024 ` 273.99 lakhs) 
pledged  for facilities from Banks. (Refer Note 21.1)
Lease Receivable 5,855.67  -   
Total 5,970.01 273.99
6 DEFERRED TAX ASSET NET
(a) Amounts recognized in profit and loss
Current tax expense (A)
In respect of current year 2,504.60 1,841.65
Deferred tax expense (B)
In respect of current year (45.09) (16.87)
Tax expense recognized in the income statement (A+B) 2,459.51 1,824.78
(b) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income       
        
Particulars For the year ended 31st March, 2025 For the year ended 31st March, 2024
Before tax Tax 
(expense) 
benefit
Net of tax Before tax Tax 
(expense) 
benefit
Net of tax
Items that will not be reclassified to 
profit or loss
Remeasurement of the defined 
benefit plans
(51.34)  11.13 (40.21) (50.88)  14.74 (36.14)
Equity instruments through other 
comprehensive income
 8.76  -    8.76 (19.66 )  -   (19.66)
(42.58) 11.13 (31.45) (70.54) 14.74 (55.80)
===== PDF PAGE 117 =====
116
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
(c) Reconciliation of effective tax rate     
      
Particulars For the year ended 
 31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
 31st March, 2024
% Amounts % Amounts
Profit before tax 9,700.95 7,220.81
Tax using the Company’s domestic tax rate 25.17% 2,441.54 25.09% 1,811.70
Tax effect of:
Expenses disallowed for tax purpose (0.52%) (50.44) (0.05%) (3.78)
Others 0.71% 68.41 0.23% 16.87
TOTAL 0.19% 17.98 0.18% 13.08
Effective income tax rate 25.35% 2,459.51 25.27% 1,824.78
(d) Movement in deferred tax       
        
Deferred tax (assets) Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax (assets) 
/ liability
31st March, 
2025
31st March, 
2024
31st March, 
2025
31st March, 
2024
31st March, 
2025
31st March, 
2024
Provisions - employee benefits 70.79 56.05 0.00 0.00 (70.79) (56.05)
Property, plant and equipment 0.00 0.00 507.64 74.88 507.64 74.88
Lease Rentals 543.09 79.98 0.00 0.00 (543.09) (79.98)
Deferred tax (assets) liabilities 613.88 136.03 507.64 74.88 (106.24) (61.16)
7 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(Unsecured)
- Considered good
Deferred contract cost 3,819.71 0.00
3,819.71 0.00
8 INVENTORIES
(Valued at lower of cost and net realisable value)
Stock-in-trade 5,823.74 7,338.86
Total 5,823.74 7,338.86
a Goods-in-transit included above  -   3,859.19
b Inventories of ` 5,823.74 (as at 31 st March, 2024: ` 7,338.86 Lakhs) are 
hypothecated against working capital facilities from banks. (Refer note 21.1)
c Company holds only stock in trade & no other catagories are held
===== PDF PAGE 118 =====
117
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
9 TRADE RECEIVABLES
Trade Receivables considered good - Secured  -    -   
Trade Receivables considered good - Unsecured; 43,662.75 40,151.99
Trade Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk;  -    -   
Trade Receivables - credit impaired  -    -   
43,662.75 40,151.99
Less Provision for expected credit loss  -    -   
Total 43,662.75 40,151.99
9.1 Movement in allowance for expected credit loss
Balance at the beginning of the year  13.68  13.68 
Amounts written off  -    -   
Allowance during the year  -    -   
Reversal during the year  -    -   
Balance at the end of the year  13.68  13.68 
9.2 Trade Receivables ageing schedule
  Ageing for trade receivables – current outstanding as at March 31, 2025 is as follows 
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments Total
Less than 6 
months
6 months - 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
Undisputed trade receivables- 
considered good
 40,600.23  1,660.83  1,096.20  89.72  215.77  43,662.75 
Undisputed trade receivables- 
considered doubtful
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed trade receivables- 
considered good
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed trade receivables- 
considered doubtful
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Ageing Schedule is in respect of Overdue cases including where no due date of payment is specified
 
 Ageing for trade receivables – current outstanding as at March 31, 2024 is as follows
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments Total
Less than 6 
months
6 months - 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
Undisputed trade receivables- 
considered good
 38,489.23  885.74  323.85  263.46  189.70  40,151.99 
Undisputed trade receivables- 
considered doubtful
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed trade receivables- 
considered good
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed trade receivables- 
considered doubtful
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Ageing Schedule is in respect of Overdue cases including where no due date of payment is specified
 
===== PDF PAGE 119 =====
118
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
9.3 Trade Receivables of Rs 43662.75 lakhs (as at 31st March, 2024: ` 40,151.99 Lakhs) are hypothecated against working 
capital facilities from banks. (Refer note 21.1)       
9.4 The carrying amount of the Trade Receivables are considered as a reasonable approximation of fair value as it is 
expected to be collected within twelve months       
9.5 The Company’s exposure to credit and currency risks, and loss allowances related to trade receivables are disclosed in  
 note 32.9       
9.6 To the best of the knowledge of the Management, there are no unbilled dues receivable from any customers.   
10 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash on hand 0.48 0.80
Balances with banks in current accounts 73.37 58.34
Demand deposits with Banks 3,367.09 206.48
Total 3,440.93 265.62
Deposits Accounts of ` 3367.09 (As at 31st March, 2024 ` 206.48 Lakhs) pledged  for facilities from Banks. (Refer Note 
21.1)       
11 OTHER BALANCES WITH BANKS
Balances with bank held as margin money 6,985.26 8,523.51
Total 6,985.26 8,523.51
12 SHORT TERM LOANS AND ADVANCES
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Advances to Related Parties (refer note 32.4) 165.97 15.00
Loans & Advances to employees 110.84 62.39
-Loans Receivables considered good - Unsecured  -    -   
-Loans Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk  -    -   
-Loans Receivables - credit impaired  -    -   
Total 276.81 77.39
12.1 Movement in allowance for expected credit loss
Balance at the beginning of the year  -    -   
Amounts written off  -    -   
Allowance during the year  -    -   
Reversal during the year  -    -   
Balance at the end of the year  -    -   
13 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
(Unsecured and Considered Good) 305.95 696.70
Security Deposits 2,429.51 -
Lease Receivable
Total 2,735.46 696.70
===== PDF PAGE 120 =====
119
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
13.1 Movement in allowance for expected credit loss
Balance at the beginning of the year  -    -   
Amounts written off  -    -   
Allowance during the year  -    -   
Reversal during the year  -    -   
Balance at the end of the year  -    -   
14 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
(Unsecured)
- Considered good
Duties & Taxes (Net of provisions) 1,234.69 676.13
Deferred Employee Compensation - ESOP 145.85 6.37
Total 1,380.54 682.50
15 EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
Authorised Share Capital
30,000,000 Equity shares of `10 each 3,000.00 3,000.00
(Previous Year 30,000,000 Equity shares of `10 each)
Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid up :
(1,27,25,330) Equity shares of ` 10 each) 1,272.53 1,271.31
(Previous year 1,27,13,130 Equity shares of ` 10 each)
15.1  The reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding is set out below :       
         
Particulars As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
No. of Shares Amt No. of Shares Amt
Equity Shares at the beginning of the year 1,27,13,130.00 1,271.31 1,26,93,080.00 1,269.31
Issued during the year 12,200.00 1.22 20,050.00 2.01
Equity Shares at the end of the year 1,27,25,330.00 1,272.53 1,27,13,130.00 1,271.31
15.2  Shareholding of Promoter/Promoter Group       
Sr. 
no
Promoter / Promoter 
Group Name
As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
No. of 
shares
% of total 
shares
% change 
during the 
year
No. of 
shares
% of total 
shares
% change 
during the 
year
1 Shirish Mansinh Anjaria 1160948 9.12% - 1160948 9.13% -
2 Parag Jitendra Dalal 1092016 8.58% 5.02% 1039816 8.18% 8.33%
3 Jigna Dharmesh Anjaria 291463 2.29% - 291463 2.29% -
===== PDF PAGE 121 =====
120
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
Sr. 
no
Promoter / Promoter 
Group Name
As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
No. of 
shares
% of total 
shares
% change 
during the 
year
No. of 
shares
% of total 
shares
% change 
during the 
year
4 Dharmesh Shirish Anjaria 
HUF
410000 3.22% - 410000 3.23% -
5 Parag Jitendra Dalal HUF 470077 3.69% - 470077 3.70% -
6 Devangi Parag Dalal 269640 2.12% - 269640 2.12% -
7 Shirish Mansinh Anjaria HUF 413543 3.25% - 413543 3.25% -
8 Dharmesh Shirish Anjaria 956890 7.52% - 956890 7.53% -
9 Nilam Shirish Anjaria 524602 4.12% - 524602 4.13% -
10 Hasumati Jitendra Dalal  -   0.00% - 52200 0.41% -60.51%
11 Trigem Infosolutions 
Limited
2086475 16.40% - 2086475 16.41% -
12 Pankti Dalal 40000 0.31% - 40000 0.31% -
13 Dhvani Dalal 40000 0.31% - 40000 0.31% -
Total 7755654 60.95% 7755654 61.01%
15.3  The details of Shareholders holding more than 5% shares :
       
Name of the Shareholder As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
Number of 
Shares Held
% holding Number of 
Shares Held
% holding
Shirish Mansinh Anjaria 11,60,948 9.12% 11,60,948 9.13%
Dharmesh Shirish Anjaria 9,56,890 7.52% 9,56,890 7.53%
Parag Jitendra Dalal 10,92,016 8.58% 10,39,816 8.18%
Trigem Infosolutions Limited 20,86,475 16.40% 20,86,475 16.41%
15.4 The Company has allotted 12,200 equity shares of face value ` 10 each on January 03, 2025, to the eligible employees 
at an exercise price of ` 10 per share as per the ‘Dynacons - Employees Stock Option Plan 2020’ (‘ESOP – 2020’)  
15.5 As per records of the company, including its register of shareholders/members and other declarations received from 
shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents the both legal and beneficial ownership of 
shares.       
15.6 The company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 10 per share. Each shareholder is eligible for 
one vote per share held. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets 
of the company in proportion to their shareholdings.       
15.7 During the 5 years immediately preceding the balance sheet date, there were no equity shares allotted as fully paid up 
pursuant to contract without payment being received in cash, no bonus shares were  issued and there was no buy-back 
of equity shares of the Company.       
15.8 The Company declares  and pays dividends in Indian Rupees. The Board of Directors in their meeting held on August 
12,2024, declared an interim dividend of ` 0.50/- per share on the nominal value of `10/-each and paid to all the eligible 
shareholders as at August 23, 2024. The interim dividend paid is considered as the final dividend for the financial year 
ended 31st March, 2025.       
15.9 Shares reserved for issue under option       
 For details of shares reserved for issue and shares issued under the Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) of the Company, 
refer note 32.3. These options are granted to the employees subject to cancellation under circumstance of his cessation 
of employment with the Company on or before the vesting date.  
===== PDF PAGE 122 =====
121
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
16 OTHER EQUITY
Securities premium account 1,054.34 1,018.07
General reserve 190.46 190.46
Retained earnings 20,467.77 13,289.90
Other comprehensive income (81.40) (49.95)
Share option outstanding  188.26  36.71 
Total 21,819.43 14,485.19
The movement in Other Equity:
(a) Securities premium account
As per last Balance Sheet 1,018.07 958.60
Add: Premium on issue of share under employees stock option scheme 
(see note 32.3)
36.27 59.47
Total 1,054.34 1,018.07
Securities premium account represents premium received on equity shares issued, which can be utilised only in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act.
(b) General reserve
As per last Balance Sheet 190.46 190.46
General reserve represents an appropriation of profits by the Company, 
which can be utilised for purposes such as dividend payout etc.
(c) Surplus in Statement of Profit and Loss
As per last Balance Sheet 13,289.90 7,957.57
Less : Dividend Distributed (63.57) (63.71)
Add: Profit for the year 7,241.44 5,396.03
20,467.77 13,289.90
Surplus in Statement of Profit and Loss comprises of prior years’ undistributed earnings after taxes, which can be 
utilised for purposes such as dividend payout etc..
Total reserves and surplus 21,712.57 14,498.43
(d) Other comprehensive income
Balance at the beginning of the year (49.95) (16.89)
Add : Movement during the year (31.45) (55.80)
Add : Defined employee benefit plans transfer - 22.74 
Balance at the end of the year (81.40) (49.95)
(e) Share option outstanding
Opening balance 36.71 97.23
Add : Granted/ vested during the year 188.11 0.00
Less : Transfer to Securities Premium Account (36.27) (59.47)
Less : Written back to Statement of Profit and Loss during the year (0.30) (1.04)
Balance at the end of the year 188.26 36.71
Total other Equity 21,819.43 14,485.19
===== PDF PAGE 123 =====
122
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
17 Non Current Financial Liabilities - Borrowings
Term Loans 
Secured
From Banks 508.33 1,322.99
From Non Banking Financial Company  88.19  -   
Unsecured
From Banks 50.09 134.81
646.60 1,457.80
Less: Current maturities of long-term loan from bank (included in note 21)
Secured
From Banks 302.72 427.40
From Non Banking Financial Company 7.74 -
Unsecured
From Banks 50.09 83.25
360.55 510.65
Total 286.05 947.15
Non Current Liablities - Long Term Borrowings
Secured
From Banks  205.61  895.59 
From Non Banking Financial Company  80.44  -   
 286.05  895.59 
Unsecured
From Banks  -    51.56 
 -    51.56 
Total  286.05  947.15 
17.1 Nature of Security & terms of Repayment of secured borowing :
FY 2024-25  
     
Particulars Security Currency Rate of 
interest
Non - 
Current
Current
1) Vehichle Loan 
- Repayable in balance 20 monthly 
instalments of 0.98  lakhs, ending 
on 07 November 2026.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 7.00%  7.70  10.90 
2) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 24 monthly 
instalments of 1.28  lakhs, ending 
on 07 March 2027.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 6.80%  14.82  13.85 
3) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 8 monthly 
instalments of 0.35 lakh, ending on 
10 November 2025.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 8.01%  -    2.61 
===== PDF PAGE 124 =====
123
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
Particulars Security Currency Rate of 
interest
Non - 
Current
Current
4) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 32 monthly 
instalments of 0.63 lakh, ending on 
07 November 2027.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 8.85%  11.71  6.24 
5) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 55 monthly 
instalments of 0.84 lakh & 60th 
additionally last Instalment of 52 
lakh ending on 1 October 2029.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 10.50%  65.75  3.07 
6) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 45 monthly 
instalments of 1.37 lakh & 48th 
instalment of `55.96 Lakh, ending  
on 07 December 2028.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 10.25%  80.44  7.74 
7) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 13 monthly 
instalments of 14.58 lakh, ending 
on 03 April 2026.
Extention of ranking charge over 
existing primary and collateral 
securities including mortgages 
created in favour of the Bank. 
INR MCLR 
+1%
 14.58  175.00 
8) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 24 monthly 
instalments of 7.59 lakh, ending on 
10 March 2027.
Extention of ranking charge over 
existing primary and collateral 
securities including mortgages 
created in favour of the Bank. 
INR MCLR 
+1%
 91.05  91.05 
Total 286.05 310.46
FY 2023-24
Particulars Security Currency Rate of 
interest
Non - 
Current
Current
1) Term loan from banks 
Repayable in 1 quaterly instalment 
of Rs 39.60 Lakhs & balance 6 
Quaterly instalments of Rs 94.80 
Lakhs from 07 December 2024  
and ending  on 23 june 2026. 
*Balance outstanding is net of Pre 
Payments of Rs 150 Lakhs made 
during the year.
Security Details : 1) 1st 
Charge Pari Passu by way 
of Hypothecation on Current 
Assets and All Movable Fixed  
Assets(excluding vehicles) 
both present and Future. 
Other charge sharing bank/ 
institutions: HDFC Bank  2) Sole 
Charge by way of Equitable 
Mortgage on Property/ FD.  3) 
Personal Guarantee of Director
INR  MCLR 3 
Month
 474.02  134.41 
2) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 32 monthly 
instalments of 0.98  lakhs,   ending  
on 07 November 2026.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 7.00%  18.60  10.17 
3) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 36 monthly 
instalments of 1.28  lakhs,   ending  
on 07 March 2027.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 6.80%  28.67  12.94 
===== PDF PAGE 125 =====
124
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
Particulars Security Currency Rate of 
interest
Non - 
Current
Current
4) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 24 monthly 
instalments of 14.58 lakh,   ending  
on 03 March 2026.
Extention of ranking charge over 
existing primary and collateral 
securities including mortgages 
created in favour of the Bank. 
INR MCLR 
+1%
 189.58  175.00 
5) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 36 monthly 
instalments of 7.59 lakh,   ending  
on 10 March 2027.
Extention of ranking charge over 
existing primary and collateral 
securities including mortgages 
created in favour of the Bank. 
INR MCLR 
+1%
 182.10  91.05 
6) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 20 monthly 
instalments of 0.35 lakh,   ending  
on 10 November 2025.
 Motor Vehicle INR 8.01%  2.61  3.83 
Total 895.59 427.40
17.2 Nature of Security & terms of Repayment of  Unsecured borowing :  
FY 2024-25  
Particulars Security Currency Rate of 
interest
Non - 
Current
Current
1) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 8 monthly instalments of 6.93 
lakh, ending on 30 December 2025.
Unsecured INR MCLR 3M 
+ 1.10
 -    50.09 
FY 2023-24
Particulars Security Currency Rate of 
interest
Non - 
Current
Current
1) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 21 monthly instalments of 
6.93 lakh, ending on 30 December 2025.
Unsecured INR MCLR 3M 
+ 1.10
 51.56  83.25 
The Company has not defaulted in the repayment of principal or interest on any borrowings from banks, financial institutions, 
or other lenders as at the Balance Sheet date. All dues have been serviced as per the agreed terms.      
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
18 LEASE LIABILITIES -NON-CURRENT 
Lease Liabilities 6,433.54 186.48
Refer Note no 32.11
6,433.54 186.48
19 LONG TERM PROVISIONS
i) Provision for employee benefits: 
Provision for other defined benefit plans
 - Gratuity (Refer Note 32.2) 362.39 287.38
ii) Leave Encashment 51.65 59.37
Total 414.04 346.76
===== PDF PAGE 126 =====
125
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
20 OTHER NON CURRENT LIABILITIES
Unpaid Dividends 16.08 15.10
Total 16.08 15.10
21 CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - BORROWINGS
Secured
Loans repayable on demand
-Working Capital Loans From Banks 4,542.11 1,861.56
-Current maturities of long-term debt 310.46 427.40
(Refer note 17.1 & 17.2)
Unsecured
-Current maturities of long-term debt 50.09 83.25
(Refer note 17.1 & 17.2)
Total 4,902.66 2,372.21
21.1 Working capital loans are secured by hypothecation of present and future stock, book debts, outstanding 
monies,receivables, claims, bills, material in transit, Bank fixed deposits and Property, Plant & Equipment and personal 
guarantees of directors.        
22 LEASE LIABILITIES - CURRENT 
Lease Liabilities
Refer Note 32.11 2,261.27 70.93
2,261.27 70.93
23 TRADE PAYABLES
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 197.20 6.32
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
39,088.59 38,185.72
Total 39,285.79 38,192.04
22.1 Trade Payable ageing Schedule         
 Ageing for trade payables outstanding as at March 31, 2025 is as follows 
Particulars Less than 1 
year
1-2 yrs 2-3 yrs More than 3 
years
Total
MSME  197.20  -    -    -    197.20 
Others  39,081.57  4.26  1.99  0.78  39,088.59 
Disputed dues- MSME  -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed dues- Others  -    -    -    -    -   
Ageing Schedule is in respect of Overdue 
cases including where no due date of 
payment is specified.
       
===== PDF PAGE 127 =====
126
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
 Ageing for trade payables outstanding as at March 31, 2024 is as follows       
Particulars Less than 1 
year
1-2 yrs 2-3 yrs More than 3 
years
Total
MSME  6.32  -    -    -    6.32 
Others  38,056.13  56.28  35.68  37.63  38,185.72 
Disputed dues- MSME  -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed dues- Others  -    -    -    -    -   
Ageing Schedule is in respect of Overdue 
cases including where no due date of 
payment is specified.
23.2 To the best of the knowledge of the Management, there are no unbilled dues payable to any supplier or service 
provider.   
    
23.3 The Company has certain dues to suppliers registered under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 
2006 (MSMED Act). The disclosures pursuant to the said MSMED Act are as follows :       
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
Principal amount due and remaining unpaid 197.20 6.32
Interest due and unpaid on the above amount  -    -   
Interest paid by the Company in terms of section 16 of the Micro, Small and 
Medium enterprises Act, 2006
 -    -   
Payment made beyond the appointed day during the year  -    -   
Interest due and payable for the period of delay  -    -   
Interest accrued and remaining unpaid  -    -   
Amount of further interest remaining due and payable  -    -   
Disclosure of payable to vendors as defined under the  “Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 
(MSMED Act) is based on the information available with the Company  regarding the status of registration of such 
vendors under the said Act, as per the intimation received from them on requests made by the Company. There are no 
overdue principal amounts/interest payable amounts for delayed payments to such vendors at the Balance Sheet date. 
There are no delays in payment made during the year.        
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
24 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
Statutory Dues 425.70 569.86
Employee Related Payables 290.31 240.79
Other payables - 4.71
Total 716.01 815.36
25 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
Revenue from Information Technology Products 1,26,682.77 1,02,443.48
Total 1,26,682.77 1,02,443.48
===== PDF PAGE 128 =====
127
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
a) The Company is engaged in systems Integration which includes the sales of products and services as a complete 
solution
b) Disaggregate Revenue
The table below presents disaggregated revenues of the Company from contracts with customers by geography. 
The Company believes that this disaggregation best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of 
its revenues and cash flows are affected by industry, market and other economic factors.      
 
Total revenue from contracts with customers
India 1,25,692.34 1,01,627.60
Export (Including deemed export) 990.43 815.89
Total 1,26,682.77 1,02,443.48
c) Reconciliation between revenue with customers and contracted 
price:
Revenue as per contracted price 1,31,751.56 1,08,954.22
Less: Adjustments
Sales return (5,068.79) (6,510.74)
Revenue from contracts with Customers 1,26,682.77 1,02,443.48
d) Contract balances
The following table provides information about receivables from 
contracts with customers: 
Trade receivables 43,662.75 40,151.99
Allowance as per Expected credit loss model  -   -
Total 43,662.75 40,151.99
Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 90 to 120 days.
26 OTHER INCOME
Interest income 548.65 397.39
Other Non-Operating Income 122.48 40.87
Others # 0.08 0.09
Total 671.21 438.36
# includes Miscellaneous income
27 PURCHASES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
Purchases of Information Technology Products 1,09,025.58 93,253.96
Total 1,09,025.58 93,253.96
===== PDF PAGE 129 =====
128
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
28 CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
Inventories at close
Stock-in-Trade 5,823.74 7,338.86
5,823.74 7,338.86
Inventories at commencement
Stock-in-Trade 7,338.86 3,663.38
7,338.86 3,663.38
Total 1,515.12 (3,675.48)
29 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
Salaries and wages 4,074.09 3,570.40
Contributions to provident and other funds 190.00 178.15
Staff Welfare Expenses 93.37 106.65
Total 4,357.46 3,855.19
30 FINANCE COST
a) Interest on financial liabilities carried at amortised cost 560.01 35.02
b) Interest on borrowings 548.21 709.81
c) Others 213.27 133.99
Total 1,321.49 878.82
31 OTHER EXPENSES
Electricity Expenses 14.76 12.88
Rent 55.39 57.21
Communication Expenses 23.32 20.39
Auditors Remuneration  (Refer Note 31.1 below) 9.00 11.98
Bank Charges 5.59 7.75
Conveyance And Travelling Expenses 354.07 431.99
Insurance Charges 26.45 18.69
Legal & Professional Charges 153.21 126.95
Loss on expiry of useful life of assets - -
Membership & Subscription 18.10 40.29
Miscellaneous Expenses   (Refer Note 31.2 below) 78.41 66.75
Corporate social responsibility expenditure   (Refer Note 31.3 below) 92.67 52.31
Motor Car Expenses 11.82 13.42
Bad Debts Written off - 6.82
Printing & Stationary Expenses 24.53 18.62
Rates & Taxes 56.44 46.65
Repairs & Maintenance -Building 4.37 2.54
Repairs & Maintenance - Others 4.04 4.80
Sales Promotion Expenses 19.52 14.81
Transportation Charges 317.06 241.76
Total 1,268.76 1,196.60
===== PDF PAGE 130 =====
129
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
31.1 Auditors Remuneration
- Audit Fees  9.00  9.00 
- Other  -    2.98 
Total  9.00  11.98 
31.2 Miscellaneous Expenses includes office Expense postage & telegram 
exp etc
31.3 Details of corporate social responsibility expenditure
(a) Amount required to be spent by the Company  92.63 52.17
(b) Amount spent during the year on:
i Construction or acquisition of any asset  -    -   
ii On purposes other than (i) above
CSR Comitteee has identified & approved projects which was paid as 
under.
Out of CSR fund of F.Y.- 24-25  92.67 
Out of CSR fund of F.Y.- 23-24  -    52.31 
iii Shortfall at the end of the year out of the amount required  -    -   
to be spent by the Company during the year;
iv Total of previous years shortfall  -    -   
v Reason for shortfall Not Applicable Not Applicable
vi Nature of CSR activities "Promoting Education, Healthcare, 
Eradicating hunger, poverty &
Animal welfare Promoting art 
and Culture and Measures for 
the Benefit of armed Forces 
Veterans, War Widows and their 
Dependents"
vii Details of related party transactions: 20.00 0.00
Josh Foundation
Additional Information to the financial statements
32.1. Earnings per share (EPS)
Particulars Units Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Profit after Tax (`/lakhs) 7,241.44 5,396.03
Weighted Number of Equity Shares Nos. Lakhs 127.16 126.93
Earnings Per Share (of paid up Value of ` 10 each) Basic ` 56.95 42.51
Weighted average number of shares outstanding and dilutive 
shares
Nos. Lakhs 127.29 127.06
Earnings Per Share (of paid up Value of ` 10 each) Diluted ` 56.89 42.47
===== PDF PAGE 131 =====
130
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
32.2. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
 Defined benefit plans – Gratuity:
 Gratuity is payable to all the members at the rate of 15 days salary for each year of service. In accordance with applicable 
Indian laws, the Company provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan (“the Gratuity Plan”) covering eligible 
employees. The Gratuity Plan provides for a lump sum payment to vested employees on retirement (subject to completion 
of five years of continuous employment), death, incapacitation or termination of employment that are based on last drawn 
salary and tenure of employment. Liabilities with regard to the Gratuity Plan are determined by actuarial valuation on the 
reporting date. 
 The following table sets out the status of the Gratuity Plan and the amounts recognized in the financial statement:   
                          (` in Lakhs)
 
Particulars
2025 2024
Amount (`) Amount (`)
I. Assumptions :   
 Discount Rate 6.73% 7.19%
 Salary escalation rate 5.00% 5.00%
II. Table Showing Change in Benefit Obligation :   
 Liability at the beginning of the year 287.38 202.27
 Current Service Cost 109.90 94.22
Benefits Paid (34.90) (9.10)
 Balance 362.39 287.38
 Liability at the end of the year 362.39 287.38
III. Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet   
 Liability at the end of the year 362.39 287.38
 Difference Adjusted - -
 Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet 362.39 287.38
IV. Expenses Recognized in the Income Statement:   
 Current Service Cost 58.56 43.34
 Expense Recognized in P & L  58.56 43.34
V. Expenses Recognized in the OCI :   
 Current Service Cost (51.34) (50.88)
 Expense Recognized in P & L  (51.34) (50.88)
 Maturity Analysis of the Benefit Payments: From the Employer   
             (` in Lakhs)
Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years from the Date of Reporting
 Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
1st Following Year 17.51 13.52
2nd Following Year 11.23 7.93
3rd Following Year 23.44 14.07
4th Following Year 11.27 13.89
5th Following Year 19.20 9.61
Sum of Years 6 To 10 134.33 107.63
Sum of Years 11 and above 665.22 595.95
===== PDF PAGE 132 =====
131
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
 Sensitivity Analysis
(` in Lakhs)
 Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Projected Benefit Obligation on Current Assumptions 362.39 287.38
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Discounting (36.74) (29.75)
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Discounting 43.31 35.09
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase 42.82 34.71
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase (36.86) (29.84)
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover 5.11 5.94
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover (5.96) (6.85)
 The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions 
occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant. The sensitivity analysis 
presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the projected benefit obligation as it is unlikely that 
the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may be correlated. 
Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the projected benefit obligation has been 
calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same method as applied 
in calculating the projected benefit obligation as recognised in the balance sheet. There was no change in the methods 
and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
 Defined contribution plans
 The Company also has certain defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund in India for employees 
at the rate 12% of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered 
by the government. The obligations of the Company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual 
nor any constructive obligation. Employer’s contribution to Provident Fund during the year is 139.05 Lakh (P.Y. 126.53 
Lakhs)
32.3. Employee Stock Option Plan
 The Company had Dynacons - Employees Stock Option Plan 2020 (ESOP – 2020) which provided for the grant of 
equity shares of the Company to the eligible employees of the Company.  The Board of Directors recommended the 
establishment of the ESOP 2020 on September 03, 2020 and shareholders approved the recommendations of the 
Board of Directors in Annual General Meeting held on September 30, 2020. ESOP - 2020 was further amended by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Board of Directors of the Company at their meetings held on March 10, 
2022 in accordance with SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (SEBI SBEB 
and Sweat Equity Regulations). The maximum aggregate number of shares that may be awarded on the grant of stock 
options under ESOP 2020 is 15,00,000 equity shares. Under ESOP 2020, the Company had approved grant vide its 
Nomination and Remuneration committee meeting held on August 10, 2022 & January 09,2025 under ESOP 2020 details 
of which are tabulated as Grant I & Grant II below. As per the plan, option granted under ESOP- 2020 would vest over a 
period of 1 year to 2 years from the date of grant of such options. The Plan is Equity Settled Plan.
Particulars 
 
Grant I Grant II Grant III
ESOP 2020
Date of Grant August 10, 2022 August 10, 2022 January 09, 2025
Date of Share holders Approval September 30, 2020 September 30, 2020 September 30, 2020
Date of Board of Directors 
Approval / Committee
September 03, 2020 September 03, 2020 September 03, 2020
No. of Option 21550 11950 12750
===== PDF PAGE 133 =====
132
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
Particulars 
 
Grant I Grant II Grant III
ESOP 2020
Method of settlement (Cash/ 
Equity)
Equity Equity Equity
Vesting Period 1 Years 2 Years 1 Years
Exercise Price (Per Share ` ) Rs 10 Rs 10 Rs 10
Exercise Period Options vested may be 
exercised by the Option 
Grantee within a maximum 
period of two Year from 
the date of last vesting of 
Options.
Hence maximum term of 
Options granted is 3 years
Options vested may be 
exercised by the Option 
Grantee within a maximum 
period of two Year from 
the date of last vesting of 
Options.
Hence maximum term of 
Options granted is  4 years
Options vested may
be exercised by the Option 
Grantee within a maximum 
period of two Year from 
the date of last vesting of 
Options.
Hence maximum term of 
Options granted is 3 years
Ext. of Exercise Period None None None
 
 Reconciliation of Employee's Stock Options
Particulars As on 31 March, 2025 As on 31 March, 2024
DSSL ESOP 2020 DSSL ESOP 2020
Grant I Grant II Grant III Grant I Grant II
1    Outstanding at the beginning    
–    Shares arising out of options - 11,950 - 20,800 11,950
–    Weighted average exercise price  - 10 - 10 10
2    New option granted during the year    
–    Shares arising out of options 400 - - - - 
–    Weighted average exercise price 10 - - - - 
3    Forfeited and expired
–    Shares arising out of options 100 - 50 350 - 
–    Weighted average exercise price 10 - 10 10 - 
4    Options Exercised during the year    
–    Shares arising out of options 250 11,950 - 20,050 - 
–    Weighted average exercise price 10 10 - 10 - 
5    Outstanding at the end    
–    Shares arising out of options - - 12700 - 11,950
–    Weighted average exercise price - - 10 - 10
6    Exercisable at the end    
–    Shares arising out of options 50 - - 400 - 
–    Weighted average exercise price 10 - - 10 - 
32.4. Related Party Disclosures
a. The names of related parties and the nature of relationship are as under:
(i)   Subsidiaries
   Dynacons Systems & Solutions PTE Ltd
(ii) Associate Company
 Cybercons Infosec Private Limited 
 (Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited holds 50% of the equity shares in Cybercons Infosec Private Limited. 
and exercises significant influence through board representation and participation in policy decisions.)
===== PDF PAGE 134 =====
133
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(iii) Entities in which Directors or their relatives are interested and with whom tansactions have taken place
 S. P. Corporation
 Trigem Infosolutions Limited
 Josh Foundation
 Global Bhatia Benevolent Foundation
(iv) Key Managerial Personnel
 a) Executive Director
           Shirish M. Anjaria
          Parag J. Dalal  
          Dharmesh S. Anjaria
 b) Other than Directors
        Pooja Patwa (Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
(v) Non-Executive Director and Independent Director
    Jitesh Jain (Resigned w.e.f. 04/03/2025)
 Archana Phadke
 Vijay Maganlal Doshi
 Ashok Rajagiri Bhumaiah ( Appointed w.e.f. 05/03/2025)
(vi) Other Related Party (Significant Influences)
     Jigna D Anjaria
     Dharmesh S Anjaria (HUF)
     Parag J Dalal (HUF)
     Devangi Parag Dalal
     Shirish M Anjaria (HUF)
     Nilam Shirish Anjaria
     Pankti Dalal
     Dhvani Dalal
  The transactions with the related parties during the normal course of business are as under:
Party Nature of Payment 2025 2024 (`/lakhs)
(`/lakhs) 2024 1.80 1.80
(`/lakhs) Reimbursement of Expenses 4.37 2.49
M/s S.P. Corporation Rent for Premises 1.80 1.80
M/s S.P. Corporation Reimbursement of Expenses 4.37 2.49
Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria Remuneration 138.00 120.00
Mr. Parag J. Dalal Remuneration 126.00 108.00
Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria Remuneration 126.00 108.00
Ms. Pooja Patwa Remuneration 12.40 10.20
Josh Foundation Corporate social responsibility expenditure 20.00 -
Cybercons Infosec Private Limited Investment made in equity - 5.00
Cybercons Infosec Private Limited Purchase 254.74 -
Cybercons Infosec Private Limited Advances 165.97 15.00
Global Bhatia Benevolent 
Foundation
Advertisement Expenses 0.25 -
===== PDF PAGE 135 =====
134
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
32.5. Balances Outstanding
             (` in Lakhs)
Nature of Transaction Subsidiaries Entities controlled by Key 
Managerial Personnel
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Investment in Shares
Dynacons Systems & Solutions PTE Ltd 5.05 5.05 - -
Cybercons Infosec Private Limited - - 5.00 5.00
Notes : Service transactions with related parties are made at arm's length price.
32.6. Segment Information
As per Para 4 of Ind AS 108 Operating Segments, when entity’s financial report contains both the consolidated financial 
statements of a parent that is within the scope of this Ind AS well as the parent’s standalone financial statements, 
segment information is required only in the consolidated financial statements. Hence segment information is disclosed as 
a part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2025.
32.7. Contingent Liabilities
 a) Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts: 
Particulars Period to which the 
amount relates 
Forum where the 
dispute is pending
2025 (`/lakhs) 2024 (`/lakhs)
GST FY 2018-19 Appeal To Appellate 
Authority
9.64 9.64
 
 b) Guarantees given by the company’s bankers ` 14645.70 lakhs (previous year ` 8522.72 lakhs) 
32.8. Financial instruments
A. Capital Management :
 The Company manages its capital structure with a view to ensure that it will be able to continue as a going concern 
while maximizing the return to stakeholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance.
 The capital structure of the Company consists of net debt (borrowings as detailed in notes 17 and 21) and total equity 
(as detailed in notes 15 and 16) of the Company. 
 The Company's management reviews the capital structure of the Company on an annual basis. As part of this 
review, the management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital.
  The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:
                                                                                                                 (` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
Non-Current Long Term Borrowings 286.05 947.15
Current maturities of Long term borrowings 360.55 510.65
Current borrowings 4,542.11 1,861.56
Total Debt 5,188.71 3,319.36
Equity 23,091.97 15,756.51
Net debt to equity ratio 0.22 0.21
For the purpose of computing debt to equity ratio, equity includes Equity Share Capital and Other Equity and Debt 
includes Long term borrowings, short term borrowings and current maturities of long-term borrowings.
===== PDF PAGE 136 =====
135
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
B. Financial Instruments-Accounting Classifications and Fair value measurements (Ind AS 107) 
i) Classification of Financial Assets and Liabilities: 
                     (` in Lakhs)
 
Particulars
As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
Financial Assets   
Measured at Amortised cost   
Trade receivables 43,662.75 40,151.99
Cash and cash equivalents 3,440.93 265.62
Bank balances other than above 6,985.26 8,523.51
Loans 276.81 77.39
Other Financial Assets 8,705.47 696.70
Designated at fair value through other comprehensive income   
Investments in equity shares 79.46 70.69
Total 63,150.67 49,785.89
Financial Liabilities   
Measured at Amortised cost   
Long-Term Borrowings 286.05 947.15
Lease Liabilities 8,694.81 257.41
Short-Term Borrowings 4,902.66 2,372.21
Trade Payables 39,285.79 38,192.04
Total 53,169.31 41,768.81
ii) Fair Value Measurements (Ind AS 113):
 Fair value measurement hierarchy
 The Company records certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company 
determines fair values based on the price it would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date and in the principal or most advantageous market 
for that asset or liability.
 The Company holds certain fixed income investments and other financial assets, which must be measured using the 
fair value hierarchy and related valuation methodologies. The guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques 
based on whether the inputs to each measurement are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect 
market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s assumptions 
about current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize the use of observable 
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
 Financial assets and Financial liabilities measured at fair value in the balance sheet are grouped into three Levels of 
fair value hierarchy. These levels are based on the observability of significant inputs to the measurement, as follows:
>  Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
>  Level 2: Directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices) observable market inputs, other than Level 
1 inputs; and
>  Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
 The following table shows the Levels within the hierarchy of financial and non-financial assets and liabilities measured 
at fair value on a recurring basis at 31st March 2025 and 31st March 2024,:
===== PDF PAGE 137 =====
136
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(a) Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for assets as at the reporting date:  
(` in Lakhs)
Fair value measurement using
Quoted prices 
in active 
markets
Significant
observable
inputs
Significant
unobservable 
inputs
Date of 
valuation
Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
Financial Assets Fair value through Other Comprehensive Income Investments in quoted instruments
31-Mar-25 79.46 79.46 - -
31-Mar-24 70.69 70.69 - -
There have been no transfers between levels during the year. Investment in quoted instruments are valued based on the 
quoted prices available in the market as at the reporting date. The following tables shows a reconciliation from the opening 
balance to the closing balance for level 1 fair values:
                    (` in Lakhs)
Particulars Total FVTOCI financial investments
Balance as at 31st March, 2023 50.35                 50.35 
Addition / (Deletion) during the year 20.34                 20.34 
Balance as at 31st March, 2024 70.69                 70.69 
Addition / (Deletion) during the year 8.77 8.77
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 79.46                 79.46 
Loans, cash and bank balances, trade receivables, other financial assets, trade payables, and other financial liabilities have 
fair values that approximate to their carrying amounts due to their short-term nature.
32.9. Nature and extent of risks arising from financial instruments and respective financial risk management objectives 
and policies
The Company’s principal financial liabilities comprise of loans and borrowings, trade and other payables, and financial 
guarantee contracts. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations and to provide 
guarantees to support its and group companies’ operations. The Company’s principal financial assets include loans, trade 
and other receivables, investments, cash and short-term deposits that derive directly from its operations. The Company 
also enters into derivative transactions to hedge and holds short term investments. The Company is exposed to market 
risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s senior management oversees the management of these risks. The 
Company’s senior management is supported by the Group Treasury Team that advises on financial risks and the appropriate 
financial risk governance framework in accordance with the Company’s policies and risk objectives. All derivative activities 
for risk management purposes are carried out by Group Treasury Team that have the appropriate skills, experience 
and supervision. It is the Group’s policy that no trading in derivatives for speculative purposes may be undertaken. 
The Board of Directors review and agree on policies for managing each of these risks, which are summarized below:
a) Credit risk
  Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty fails to discharge an obligation to the Company. The Company is exposed 
to this risk for various financial instruments, for example trade receivables, investment in mutual funds etc.
 Trade and other receivables
Customer credit is managed by each business unit subject to the Company's established policies, procedures and 
control relating to customer credit risk management. Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 
90 to 120 days credit term. Credit limits are established for all customers based on internal rating criteria. Outstanding 
customer receivables are regularly monitored.
===== PDF PAGE 138 =====
137
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a 
large number of minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively. 
The Company does not hold collateral as security. The Company has no concentration of credit risk as the customer 
base is widely distributed both economically and geographically.
The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and Expected Credit Loss Allowance for 
trade and other receivables:
                                                                   (` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
0-180 days 40600.23 38,489.23
More than 180 Days 3062.52 1,662.76
Total 43662.75 40,151.99
The Company measures the expected credit loss of trade receivables based on historical trend, industry practices 
and the business environment in which the entity operates. Loss rates are based on actual credit loss experience 
and past trends. 
The Company continuously monitors defaults of customers and other counterparties, identified either individually or 
by the Company, and incorporates this information into its credit risk controls. The Company’s policy is to transact 
only with counterparties who are highly creditworthy which are assessed based on internal due diligence parameters. 
In respect of trade receivables, the Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk exposure to any single 
counterparty or any group of counterparties having similar characteristics. Trade receivables consist of a large 
number of customers in various geographical areas. Based on historical information about customer default rates 
management consider the credit quality of trade receivables that are not past due or impaired to be good.
Other financial assets
The Company maintains exposure in cash and cash equivalents, term deposits with banks, investments in mutual 
funds. The Company has diversified portfolio of investment with various number of counter‐parties which have 
secure credit ratings hence the risk is reduced. Individual risk limits are set for each counter‐party based on financial 
position, credit rating and past experience. Credit limits and concentration of exposures are actively monitored by 
the Management of the Company.
b) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is that the Company might be unable to meet its obligations. The Company manages its liquidity needs 
by monitoring scheduled debt servicing payments for long-term financial liabilities as well as forecast cash inflows 
and outflows due in day-to-day business. The data used for analysing these cash flows is consistent with that used 
in the contractual maturity analysis below. Liquidity needs are monitored in various time bands, on a day-to-day and 
week-to week basis, as well as on a monthly, quarterly, and yearly basis depending on the business needs. Net cash 
requirements are compared to available borrowing facilities in order to determine headroom or any shortfalls. This 
analysis shows that available borrowing facilities are expected to be sufficient over the lookout period. 
Liquidity risk is managed by Company through effective fund management. The Company's principal sources 
of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and the cash flow that is generated from operations. The 
Company believes that current cash and cash equivalents, tied up borrowing lines and cash flow that is generated 
from operations is sufficient to meet requirements. Accordingly, liquidity risk is perceived to be low.
The Company considers expected cash flows from financial assets in assessing and managing liquidity risk, in 
particular its cash resources and trade receivables. The Company’s existing cash resources and trade receivables 
significantly exceed the current cash outflow requirements. Cash flows from trade receivables are all contractually 
due within 90-120 days based on the credit period. The Company’s objective is to maintain a balance between 
===== PDF PAGE 139 =====
138
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank overdrafts, and short-term borrowings. The Company 
assessed the concentration of risk with respect to refinancing its debt and concluded it to be low. The Company has 
access to a sufficient variety of sources of funding.
The Company’s non-derivative financial liabilities have contractual maturities as summarised below:
                  (` in Lakhs)
Particular Carrying amount Contractual cash flows
Upto 1 year More than 1 year
As at 31st March 2025    
Borrowings 4,542.11 4,542.11 -
Trade Payables 39,285.79 39,285.79 -
Long-Term Borrowings (Borrowings (including 
Current Maturities of Long-Term Debts)
646.60 360.55 286.05
As at 31st March 2024    
Borrowings 1,861.56 1,861.56 -
Trade Payables 38,192.04 38,192.04 -
Long-Term Borrowings (Borrowings (including 
Current Maturities of Long-Term Debts)
1,457.80 510.65 947.15
c) Market risk
The Company is exposed to market risk through its use of financial instruments and specifically to currency risk, 
interest rate risk and certain other price risks, which result from both its operating and investing activities.
Foreign currency risk
Most of the Company’s transactions are carried out in Indian rupees. Exposures to currency exchange rates arise 
from the Company’s overseas sales and purchases, which are primarily denominated in US dollars (USD) 
To mitigate the Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk, cash flows are continuously monitored. 
Foreign currency denominated financial assets and financial liabilities which expose the  Company to currency risk 
are disclosed below. The amounts shown are those reported to key management translated at the closing rate: -
                       (` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
 31st  March, 2025
As at 
31st  March, 2024
Financial assets 
Trade receivables 410.87 183.04
Net exposure for assets 410.87 183.04
 
Financial liabilities 
Trade Payables 97.96   26.71
Net exposure for liabilities 97.96   26.71
Net exposure (Assets - Liabilities) 312.91 156.33
 The company has not entered in any forward contract for hedging or otherwise in respect of foreign currencies during   
the year, and there are no such contracts outstanding at the end of the year.
===== PDF PAGE 140 =====
139
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
  Sensitivity analysis
The following table details the Company’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in the Rupee against the relevant 
foreign currencies. 5% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management 
personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. 
This is mainly attributable to the net exposure outstanding on receivables or payables in the Company at the end 
of the reporting period. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary 
items and adjusts their translation at the period end for a 5% charge in foreign currency rate. This analysis assumes 
that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecast sales and 
purchases. In cases where the related foreign exchange fluctuation is capitalised to fixed assets or recognised 
directly in reserves, the impact indicated below may affect the Company's income statement over the remaining life 
of the related fixed assets or the remaining tenure of the borrowing respectively.
Impact on profit or loss
Movement in 
currency (Before 
tax)
Increase in Exchange rate by 5% Decrease in Exchange rate by 5%
Particulars For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
USD 15.65 7.82 (15.65) (7.82)
       
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because 
of changes in market interest rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates are 
managed by borrowing at fixed interest rates. During the year Company did not have any floating rate borrowings.
The Company's investments in term deposits (i.e. certificates of deposits) with banks are at fixed interest rate and 
therefore do not expose the company to significant interest rate risk.
Interest Rate Exposure:
                          (` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year 
ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year 
ended 
31st March, 2024
Variable Rate Borrowings 4,963.88 3,311.68 
Fixed Rate Borrowings 224.83 7.68
Total 5,188.71 3,319.36
    
               Interest rate sensitivities for floating rate borrowings:
           (` in Lakhs)
Movement in rate Increase in Interest rate by 0.25% Decrease in Interest rate by 0.25%
Particulars For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
Variable Rate 
Borrowings
12.40 8..28 (12.40) (8.28)
Interest rate sensitivity has been calculated assuming the borrowings outstanding at the reporting date have been 
outstanding for the entire reporting period.
===== PDF PAGE 141 =====
140
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
32.10. (a)  Advance(s) in the nature of Loan (Regulation 34 of Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
   No Loans have been given to Subsidiaries during the year.
    (b)  Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments covered under section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013
Name of the Party Nature Amount (`) Purpose
Wholly Owned Subsidiary
Dynacons Systems & Solutions PTE Ltd Investments in Equity 
Shares
5,05,143
(P.Y. 5,05,143)
Capital Investment
Associate Company
Cybercons Infosec Private Limited Investments in Equity 
Shares
5,00,000
(P.Y.  5,00,000)
Capital Investment
32.11. Lease Commitments 
                     (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31st March, 2025 31st March, 2024
Balance at the beginning of the year 257.41 319.93
Leased liability recognised during the year          9,549.85          -          
Reversals - -
Finance cost accrued during the period             560.01 35.02
Payment of lease liabilities       (1,672.46) (97.54)
Balance at the end          8,694.81 257.41
Lease Liability – Current          2,261.27 70.93
Lease Liability - Non-Current         6,433.54 186.48
Expenses relating to short term leases and low value assets have been disclosed under Rent in Note.  31
Lease contracts entered by the Company majorly pertains for premises taken on lease to conduct its business in the 
ordinary course. The Company does not have any lease restrictions and commitment towards variable rent as per the 
contract. The leases that the Company has entered with lessors towards properties used as offices are long term in 
nature.
32.12. KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS 
No. Ratio As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
% Variance Remarks
1 Current ratio (in times) 1.36 1.39 -2.12% Not Applicable
Numerator: Total current assets
Denominator: Total current liabilities
2 Debt-Equity ratio (times) 0.22 0.21 6.66% Not Applicable
Numerator: Debt consists of borrowings
Denominator: Total equity
===== PDF PAGE 142 =====
141
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
No. Ratio As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
% Variance Remarks
3 Debt service coverage ratio (in times) 3.05 8.68 (64.84%) Decrease 
in ratio due 
interest cost 
increase in 
lease interest 
unwinding.
Numerator: Earning for Debt Service 
= Net Profit after taxes + Non-cash 
operating expenses + Interest 
Denominator: Debt service = Interest + 
Principal repayments
4 Return on equity ratio (in %) 37.28% 41.17% (9.45%) Not Applicable
Numerator: Profit for the year
Denominator: Average total equity
5 Trade receivables turnover ratio (in 
times)
3.02 2.92 3.59% Not Applicable
Numerator: Revenue from operations
Denominator: Average trade receivables
6 Trade payables turnover ratio (in 
times)
2.85 2.98 (4.30%) Not Applicable
Numerator: Cost of Goods Sold 
Denominator: Average trade payables
7. Inventory turnover ratio (in times) 19.25 18.62 3.36% Not Applicable
 Numerator: Net Sales 
Denominator: Average Inventory
8 Net Working capital turnover ratio (in 
times)
7.39 6.29 17.50% Not Applicable
Numerator: Revenue from operations
Denominator: working capital (i.e. 
Total current assets less Total current 
liabilities)
9 Net profit ratio (in %) 5.72% 5.27% 8.52% Not Applicable
Numerator: Profit for the year
Denominator: Revenue from operations
10 Return on capital employed (in %) 46.55% 44.90% 3.67% Not Applicable
Numerator: Profit before tax and finance 
costs
Denominator: Average Capital 
employed (Capital Employed: Total 
Equity+ Borrowings)
11 Return on investment (in %) 1.41% 54.29% (97.40%) Due to gain 
on sale of 
investment in 
previous year
Numerator: Income generated from 
invested funds
Denominator: Average invested funds
===== PDF PAGE 143 =====
142
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
32.13. COMPLIANCE WITH NUMBER OF LAYERS OF COMPANIES:
 Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read with Companies 
(Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017
32.14. UTILISATION OF BORROWED FUNDS AND SHARE PREMIUM
a) During the year, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium 
or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities 
("Intermediaries"), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the intermediary shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the Company ("Ultimately Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
b) During the year, no funds have been received by the Company from any persons or entities, including foreign entities 
("Funding Parties"), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company, shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party ("Ultimate Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
32.15. COMPLIANCE WITH APPROVED SCHEME(S) OF ARRANGEMENTS
 Company has not prepared any Scheme of Arrangements in terms of sections 230 to 237 of the Companies Act, 2013.
32.16. The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Digital Assets during the year.
Description Amount
Profit/Loss on transactions involving crypto/VDA Nil
Amount of currency held as at reporting date Nil
Deposits/advances from any purpose of trading/investing in crypto currency/virtual currency Nil
32.17. The management have neither come across any instance of fraud on or by the Company, noticed or reported during 
the financial year.
32.18. The Company does not hold any benami property and no proceedings have been initiated or pending against the 
company for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules 
made thereunder.
32.19. There are no charges or satisfaction yet to be registered with Registrar of companies (ROC).
32.20. The Company did not have any transactions which had not been recorded in the books of accounts that had been 
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, 
search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
===== PDF PAGE 144 =====
143
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
32.21. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company.
As per our report of even date  attached     For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
For M S P & CO.         Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.  
Chartered Accountants        CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130  
Firm Registration 107565W      
            Shirish Anjaria     Parag Dalal
            Chairman cum Managing Director Whole-time/Executive Director
            DIN : 00444104     DIN : 00409894
              
M. S. PARIKH          Dharmesh Anjaria    Pooja Patwa
Partner           Whole-time/Executive Director &   Company Secretary & 
Membership No. 08684        Chief Financial Officer(CFO)  Compliance Officer
            DIN : 00445009     Membership No. A60986
         
Mumbai :  May 24, 2025
===== PDF PAGE 145 =====
144
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited (“the 
Company”), its Subsidiary (the Company and its Subsidiary together referred to as “Group”) which comprise the consolidated 
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the consolidated statement of Profit and Loss, Changes in Equity and the Consolidated 
Cash Flows Statement for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of 
significant accounting policies and other explanatory information  (hereinafter referred to as “Ind AS financial Statements“)
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 in the manner so required and give a true 
and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of 
the Group as at March 31, 2025, of consolidated profit, consolidated total Comprehensive Income, consolidated Changes in 
Equity and its consolidated Cash Flows for the year on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act (SAs). Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the 
Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with 
the independence requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements under the provisions 
of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these 
matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
A) Revenue for the Company consists primarily of sale of goods recognized and provision of services as per the accounting 
policy described in Note No. 1.2.2 Forming part to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Refer Note No. 
24 forming part of financial statements for details of revenue recognized during the year.
 The Company recognizes revenue from sale of goods when it satisfies its performance obligation, in accordance with the 
principles of Ind AS 115, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, adopted by the Company from the current year, by 
transferring the control of goods to its customers through delivery evidenced by acknowledgement of receipt of goods by 
such customers. Considering the large volume of revenue transactions near period end, there may be a risk of revenue 
recognition occurring before the satisfaction of the performance obligations by the company in accordance with the 
applicable terms. Under Standards on Auditing 240 ‘The auditor’s responsibilities relating to fraud in an audit of financial 
statements’, there is a presumed risk that revenue may be misstated owing to the improper recognition of revenue.
 Considering the above factors, revenue recognition (cut-off) was identified as a key audit matter for the current year audit.
===== PDF PAGE 146 =====
145
Auditor’s Response:
Our audit work included, but was not limited to, the following procedures:     
-  Obtained an understanding of the revenue and receivable business process, and assessed the appropriateness of the 
accounting policy adopted by the company for revenue recognition.
- Evaluated design and implementation of the key controls around revenue recognition including controls around contract 
approvals, invoice verification, transporter confirmations and customer acknowledgements.
- Tested operating effectiveness of the above identified key controls over revenue recognition near period end.
-  For samples selected from revenue recorded during specific period, before and after year end:
•  Verified the customer contracts for delivery terms verified the customer acknowledgements to evidence proof of delivery 
for domestic sales at or near period end.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Group Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 
information included in the Board’s report and Management Discussion and Analysis, but does not include the Secretarial Audit 
Report, Consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The Board’s report and Management Discussion 
and Analysis is expected to be made to us after the date of this auditor’s report. Our opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance or conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in 
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our 
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When we read the Board’s report and Management Discussion and Analysis, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement 
therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance and make disclosures and take specific 
actions as per applicable laws and regulations, if required.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Sec 134(5) of companies Act 2013 with 
respect to the presentation and of these consolidated financial statements in term of the requirements of the Companies Act, 
2013 (the Act) that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial performance and 
consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting principles generally accepted in 
India, including the Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act. 
The responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding the assets of the Group and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and 
application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements 
that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group 
are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or 
to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group is also responsible for overseeing the financial 
reporting process of the Group.
===== PDF PAGE 147 =====
146
Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company 
to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieve fair presentation.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within 
the Group and its associate to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the 
direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial statements of such entities included in the consolidated 
financial statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the consolidated 
financial statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, 
supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
 
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities included in the 
consolidated financial statements of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we 
identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
===== PDF PAGE 148 =====
147
Other Matters
The Consolidated financial statements includes the unaudited financial statements of 2 subsidiaries whose financial statements 
reflect total assets of ` 311.38 Lakhs as at March 31, 2025, total revenues (including other income) of ` 39.19 Lakhs and 
total net profit after tax of ` 7.62 Lakhs for the period from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025, as considered in the consolidated 
financial statements, whose financial statements are not audited by us. The financial statements of 1 subsidiary located in 
India have been furnished to us by the management and our opinion on the consolidated Financial Results, in so far as it 
relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of this subsidiary is based solely on such unaudited Financial 
Statements. Further, in our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the management, the 
financial statements of the said subsidiary are not material to the financial statements of the Group.
Further, of the above, 1 subsidiary, located outside India, whose unaudited financial statements have been prepared by 
the management in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in their respective country under generally 
accepted auditing standards applicable in their respective country. The Holding Company’s management has converted the 
financial statements of such subsidiary from accounting principles generally accepted in their respective country to accounting 
principles generally accepted in India. We have audited these conversion adjustments made by the Holding Company’s 
management. 
Our opinion, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of this subsidiary, is based on the 
conversion adjustments prepared by the management of the Holding Company and audited by us. 
Our opinion on the Statement is not modified in respect of the above matter.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1) As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report, to the extent applicable, that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial Ind AS financial statements.
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books. 
(c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss, (including other comprehensive 
income) the consolidated Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement dealt with by this Report 
are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements.
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Ind AS financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on March 31, 
2025 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company, none of the directors are disqualified as on 
March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
(f) With respect to the adequacy of internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Group and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in Annexure “A”.
(g) With respect to other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations 
given to us:
i. The consolidated financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations on the consolidated financial 
position of the Group, its associate – Refer Note No.31.6 to the financial statements.
===== PDF PAGE 149 =====
148
ii. The Group has long term contracts as at March 31, 2025 for which there are no material foreseeable losses. 
The Company does not have derivative contracts as at March 31, 2025.
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company. 
 
  iv. (1)  The management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in 
the notes to the accounts, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested by the Company to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies),including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries  and    
  
   (2)  The management has represented, that, to the best of it’s knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in 
the notes to the accounts, no funds have been received by the company from any person(s) or entity(ies), 
including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and
  
   (3)  Based on audit procedures which we considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to their notice that has caused them to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and 
(ii) contain any material misstatement.
v.  The company has not declared or paid any dividend during the year in contravention of the provisions of section 
123 of the Companies Act, 2013.
2) Based on our examination which included test checks, the company has used such accounting software for maintaining 
its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout 
the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, during the course of our audit we did not come 
across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with. Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved by the 
Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
For M S P & CO.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 107565W
M.S. Parikh, Partner
Membership No.: 08684
Mumbai 
May 24, 2025
UDIN: 25008684BMIWQG7499
===== PDF PAGE 150 =====
149
“Annexure A” forming part of Independent Auditor’s Report
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”).
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited (“the 
Company”) as of March 31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the 
year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to 
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the 
Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an 
audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and 
the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The 
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on 
the Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
===== PDF PAGE 151 =====
150
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk 
that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to explanation given to us,  the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and such internal financial controls over 
financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria 
established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
For M S P & CO.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 107565W
M.S. Parikh, Partner
Membership No.: 08684
Mumbai 
May 24, 2025
UDIN: 25008684BMIWQG7499
===== PDF PAGE 152 =====
151
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31st March, 2025
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars  Note No. As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
A ASSETS
1 Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 2 765.25 320.42
(b) Right-of-use asset 2 155.73 229.68
(c) Capital Work In Progress 2  2,407.18  25.59 
(d) Financial Assets
(i) Investments 3 79.46 70.69
(ii) Other Financial Assets 4 5,970.01 273.99
(e) Deferred Tax Assets (Net) 5 106.24 61.16
(f) Other Non Current Assets 6 3,819.71 -
13,303.57 981.52
2 Current assets
(a) Inventories 7 5,823.74 7,338.86
(b) Financial Assets
(i) Trade receivables 8 43,657.91 40,168.77
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents 9 3,468.98 286.30
(iii) Other balances with banks 10 6,985.26 8,523.51
(iv) Short-term loans and advances 11 361.02 62.39
(v) Other Financial Assets 12 2,735.46 696.70
(c) Other Current Assets 13 1,382.85 682.91
64,415.22 57,759.43
TOTAL 77,718.80 58,740.95
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
1 Equity
(a) Equity Share Capital 14 1,272.53 1,271.31
(b) Other Equity 15 21,824.81 14,492.37
(i) Equity attributable to shareholders of the company 23,097.35 15,763.68
(ii) Non-controlling Interests 13.24 3.67
Total Equity 23,110.59 15,767.35
2 Non-current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 16 286.05 947.15
(ii) Lease Liabilities 17 6,433.54 186.48
(b) Long-Term Provisions 18 414.04 346.76
(c) Other non-current liabilities 19 16.08 15.10
7,149.71 1,495.48
3 Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 20 4,902.66 2,372.21
(ii) Lease Liabilities 21 2,261.27 70.93
(iii) Trade Payables 22
(a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 197.20 6.32
(b) Total outstanding dues other than micro enterprises and small enterprises 39,362.52 38,198.19
(b) Other Current Liabilities 23 734.84 830.46
47,458.50 41,478.11
TOTAL 77,718.80 58,740.95      
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
Notes on Financial Statements                                  1-31
As per our report of even date  attached      For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
For M S P & CO.          Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.  
Chartered Accountants         CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130  
Firm Registration 107565W      
            Shirish Anjaria     Parag Dalal
            Chairman cum Managing Director  Whole-time/Executive Director
            DIN : 00444104     DIN : 00409894
              
M. S. PARIKH          Dharmesh Anjaria    Pooja Patwa
Partner           Whole-time/Executive Director &   Company Secretary & 
Membership No. 08684         Chief Financial Officer(CFO)   Compliance Officer
            DIN : 00445009     Membership No. A60986         
Mumbai :  May 24, 2025
===== PDF PAGE 153 =====
152
Consolidated Profit and Loss Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars  Note No. For the year ended
31st March, 2025
For the year ended
31st  March, 2024
1 INCOME
(a) Revenue from Operations 24 1,26,721.96 1,02,446.38
(b) Other Income 25 671.21 438.36
2 Total Revenue 1,27,393.18 1,02,884.74
3 EXPENSES
(a) Purchases of Stock-In-Trade 26 1,09,016.53 93,257.28
(b) Changes In Inventories Of Stock-In-Trade 27 1,515.12 (3,675.48)
(c) Employee Benefits Expense 28 4,366.19 3,855.19
(d) Finance Costs 29 1,321.49 878.82
(e) Depreciation And Amortisation Expense 2 164.63 151.94
(f) Other Expenses 30 1,295.11 1,210.26
4 Total Expenses 1,17,679.07 95,678.02
5 Profit before tax 9,714.11 7,206.72
6 Tax Expense:
(a) Current Tax 2,510.14 1,841.65
(b) Deferred Tax (45.09) (16.87)
5 2,465.05 1,824.78
7 Profit for the year 7,249.06 5,381.94
8 Other Comprehensive Income
(i) "Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss"
a) Remeasurement of defined employee benefit plan (51.34) (50.88)
b) Equity instruments through other comprehensive income 8.76 (19.66)
Difference in foreign exchange rates 0.00 -
(ii) "Income tax relating to items that will 
not be reclassified to profit or loss"
11.13 14.74
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax 5 (31.45) (55.80)
9 Total comprehensive income for the year 7,217.61 5,326.14
10 Profit for the year attributable to 
Shareholders of the Company  7,239.49 5383.27 
Non Controlling Interest 9.57 (1.33)
7,249.06 5,381.94
11 Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax attributable to 
Shareholders of the Company (31.45) (55.80)
Non Controlling Interest 0.00 0.00
(31.45) (55.80)
12 Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to 
Shareholders of the Company 7,208.04 5,327.47
Non Controlling Interest 9.57 (1.33)
7,217.61 5,326.14
13 Earnings per equity share  of par value of ` 10 Each 31.1
(i) Basic (In ` ) 57.01 42.41
(ii) Diluted (In ` ) 56.95 42.37
Weighted average number of equity shares
(i) Basic  1,27,16,071  1,26,93,244 
(ii) Diluted  1,27,28,821  1,27,05,594 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
Notes on Financial Statements                                  1-31
As per our report of even date  attached      For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
For M S P & CO.          Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.  
Chartered Accountants         CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130  
Firm Registration 107565W      
            Shirish Anjaria     Parag Dalal
            Chairman cum Managing Director  Whole-time/Executive Director
            DIN : 00444104     DIN : 00409894
              
M. S. PARIKH          Dharmesh Anjaria    Pooja Patwa
Partner           Whole-time/Executive Director &   Company Secretary & 
Membership No. 08684         Chief Financial Officer(CFO)   Compliance Officer
            DIN : 00445009     Membership No. A60986         
Mumbai :  May 24, 2025
===== PDF PAGE 154 =====
153
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the Year Ended 31st March, 2025
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year 
ended
31st March, 2025
For the year 
ended
31st March, 2024
A CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net profit before Tax and extraordinary items 9,714.11 7,206.72
Add: Depreciation And Amortisation Expense 164.63 151.94
Finance Costs 1,321.49 878.82
Difference in  Foreign Exchange Rates 0.16 0.05
Share based payments to employees 48.33 (1.04)
Gain on sale of Investments (122.48) (40.87)
Bad debts and advances written off, allowance for doubtful trade 
receivables and advances (net)
 -   6.82
Other adjustments to reconcile profit (loss)  -   1.33
1,412.13 997.05
Operating profit before working Capital 11,126.24 8,203.77
Changes in current assets and liabilities
Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in operating assets:
Inventories 1,515.12 (3,675.48)
Trade receivables (3,489.14) (10,076.91)
Other non current financial assets 159.66 (105.74)
Other non current assets (3,819.71) -
Other current financial assets 2,895.02 (5,651.16)
Other current assets (1,100.44) (326.97)
Adjustments for increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities:
Increase/(Decrease) in Current Liabilities & Provision
Trade payables 1,355.21 16,290.40
Other current liabilities (95.62) (63.05)
Other non current Liabilities 0.99 1.35
Provisions 15.94 35.34
(2,562.98) (3,572.20)
Cash Generated from Operations 8,563.26 4,631.56
Taxes paid (1,959.03) (1,706.83)
Net Cash Flow from operating activities 6,604.23 2,924.74
B CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment (535.51) (29.13)
Capital Work In Progress Expenditure (2,381.60) (25.59)
Sale & Purchase of Investments (Net) 122.48  0.87 
Net Cash Used for Investing Activities (2,794.62) (53.84)
C CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayment of Lease Liabiliites (1,112.45) (62.53)
Payment of Dividend (63.57) (63.71)
Employee Share Options Money Received 1.22  2.01 
Addition / (Repayment) of long-term borrowings (661.10) (649.09)
Short-term borrowings (net) 2,530.45 (2,574.44)
Interest Paid (1,321.49) (878.82)
Other inflows /(Outflows) of Cash  -    12.79 
Net cash From Financing Activities (626.93) (4,213.79)
===== PDF PAGE 155 =====
154
Particulars For the year 
ended
31st March, 2025
For the year 
ended
31st March, 2024
D Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C) 3,182.68 (1,342.90)
E Cash and Cash Equivalents  (Opening Balance) 286.30 1,629.21
F Cash and Cash Equivalents  (Closing Balance) 3,468.98 286.30
Component of Cash & Cash equivelants
Cash on hand  2.92  3.19 
Balances with banks in current accounts  98.97  76.64 
Demand deposits with Banks  3,367.09  206.48 
3,468.98 286.30
Notes 1 to 31 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
As per our report of even date  attached     For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
For M S P & CO.         Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.  
Chartered Accountants        CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130  
Firm Registration 107565W      
            Shirish Anjaria      Parag Dalal
            Chairman cum Managing Director  Whole-time/Executive Director
            DIN : 00444104      DIN : 00409894
              
M. S. PARIKH          Dharmesh Anjaria     Pooja Patwa
Partner           Whole-time/Executive Director &    Company Secretary & 
Membership No. 08684        Chief Financial Officer(CFO)   Compliance Officer
            DIN : 00445009      Membership No. A60986
         
Mumbai :  May 24, 2025
===== PDF PAGE 156 =====
155
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31st  March, 2025
A.  Equity Share Capital (Note No. 14)
  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars Equity Share 
Capital
As at 1st April 2023 1,269.31
Changes in Equity Share Capital 2.01
As at 31st March 2024 1,271.31
As at 1st April 2024 1,271.31
Changes in Equity Share Capital 1.22
As at 31st  March 2025 1,272.53
     
B. Other Equity (Note No. 15)     
(` in Lakhs)
Reserves and Surplus Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income
Total
Securities 
Premium 
Reserve
Share Option  
Outstanding 
Retained 
Earnings
` ` ` `
Balance as at 1st April 2023  958.60  97.23  8,160.37 (9.34)  9,206.86 
Total Comprehensive Income for the year
Capital Reserve  -    -    0.05  -    0.05 
Additions during the year  59.47  -    5,383.27 (55.80)  5,386.94 
Dividend Paid  -    -   (63.71)  -   (63.71)
Transfer to Securities Premium Account  -   (59.47)  -    -   (59.47)
Transfer to Profit and Loss during the year  -   (1.04)  -    -   (1.04)
Other comprehensive income / (losses)  -    -    -    22.74 22.74
Balance as at 31st  March 2024  1,018.07  36.71  13,479.98 (42.40)  14,492.37 
Balance as at 1st  April 2024  1,018.07  36.71  13,479.98 (42.40)  14,492.36 
Capital Reserve  -    -    0.16  -    0.16 
Additions during the year  36.27  188.11  7,239.49 (31.45)  7,432.42 
Dividend Paid  -    -   (63.57)  -   (63.57)
Transfer to Securities Premium Account  -   (36.27)  -    -   (36.27)
Transfer to Profit and Loss during the year  -   (0.30)  -    -   (0.30)
Balance as at 31st  March 2025  1,054.34 188.26  20,656.06 (73.85)  21,824.81 
As per our report of even date  attached      For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
For M S P & CO.          Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.  
Chartered Accountants         CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130  
Firm Registration 107565W      
            Shirish Anjaria     Parag Dalal
            Chairman cum Managing Director  Whole-time/Executive Director
            DIN : 00444104     DIN : 00409894
              
M. S. PARIKH          Dharmesh Anjaria    Pooja Patwa
Partner           Whole-time/Executive Director &   Company Secretary & 
Membership No. 08684         Chief Financial Officer(CFO)   Compliance Officer
            DIN : 00445009     Membership No. A60986         
Mumbai :  May 24, 2025
===== PDF PAGE 157 =====
156
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 
2025
Note 1: Summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information
1.1 Company Overview
 Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd (‘the Holding Company’) is a public limited Company domiciled in India and 
incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act. The Company and its subsidiary (collectively ‘the Group’) are 
principally in the activities of selling IT Products & related services. The shares of the Holding Company are listed on 
stock exchanges in India. These consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Holding Company’s 
Board of Directors on 24th May, 2025.
1.2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
1.2.1. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(i) Statement of compliance and basis of preparation
 The Consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared and presented in accordance with Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as per Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standard) Amendment Rules, 2016 as notified under section 133 of Companies Act, 2013 (the 
“Act”) and other relevant provisions of the Act. 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Group are prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards 
(Ind AS) under the historical cost convention on accrual basis except for certain financial assets and financial 
liabilities that have been measured at fair value. 
(ii) Functional and presentation currency
 The consolidated financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (INR), which is also the Parent Company `s 
functional currency. These consolidated financial statements have been rounded-off to the nearest lakh, except per 
share data and as otherwise stated. 
(iii) Basis of Consolidation
 The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Parent and of its subsidiary as listed 
below. The financial statements of the subsidiary forming part of these consolidated financial statements are drawn 
up to 31 March 2025. All material inter-company transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation.
 
Name of the subsidiary Country of 
incorporation
% of holding either directly or through 
subsidiary as at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Dynacons Systems & Solutions PTE. Ltd Singapore 100 100
Cybercons Infosec Private Limited * India 50 50
 
 * Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited holds 50% of the equity shares in Cybercons Infosec Private Limited. and 
exercises significant influence through board representation and participation in policy decisions.
(iv) Principles of Consolidation
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the principles and procedures required for 
the preparation and presentation of consolidated financial statements as laid down under Ind AS 110 – Consolidated 
Financial Statements, as specified in the Ind ASs notified by the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015 and Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016.
 The Group combines the financial statements of the Parent and its subsidiary line by line adding together like 
items of assets, liabilities, equity, income and expenses. Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains 
on transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses and gains resulting from intra-group 
===== PDF PAGE 158 =====
157
transactions are also eliminated except to the extent recoverable value of related assets is lower than their cost to 
the Group. Profit or loss of subsidiaries acquired or disposed during the year is recognised from the effective date 
of acquisition, or up to the effective date of disposal, as applicable. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been 
changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted. 
 Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group exercises control. The Group controls an entity when the Group 
is exposed to or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those 
returns through its power to direct relevant activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date 
on which the control is transferred to the Group and are deconsolidated from the date the control ceases. 
 Excess of acquisition cost over the carrying amount of the Parent’s share of equity of the acquiree at the date 
of acquisition is recognized as goodwill. In cases where the share of the equity in the acquiree as on the date of 
acquisition is in excess of acquisition cost, such excess of share in equity is recognised as ‘Capital reserve’ and 
classified under ‘Reserves and Surplus’. 
 As per Ind AS 110 - Consolidated Financial Statements prescribed under the Ind ASs notified by the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016 
only the notes involving items which are material need to be disclosed. Materiality for this purpose is assessed in 
relation to the information contained in the consolidated financial statements. Further, additional statutory information 
disclosed in separate financial statements of the subsidiary or the Parent having no bearing on the true and fair view 
of the consolidated financial statements of the group are not disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.
(v) Current and non-current classification
 All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Group’s normal operating cycle and 
other criteria set out in Schedule III to the Act. Based on the nature of products and the time between the acquisition 
of assets for processing and their realization in cash and cash equivalents, the Group has ascertained its operating 
cycle up to twelve months for the purpose of current – non-current classification of assets and liabilities.
(vi) Basis of measurement
 The Consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical basis except for the following items:
Items Measurement Basis
Certain financial assets and liabilities (including 
derivative instruments)
Fair Value
Net defined benefit(asset)/ liability Fair value of plan assets less present value of defined 
benefit obligations
(vii) Use of estimates and judgements
 In preparing these Consolidated financial statements, management has made judgements, estimates and 
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income 
and expenses. Actual result may differ from these estimates.
 Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognised prospectively.
 Judgements
 Information about judgments made in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the 
amounts recognised in the Consolidated financial statements is included in the following notes:
 · Lease classification – Note 1.2.17
 Assumptions and estimation uncertainties
 Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a material 
adjustment in the subsequent period financial statements is included in the following notes:
 · Estimation of deferred tax expense and payable – Note 1.2.14
 · Estimated useful life of property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets – Note 1.2.8
 · Estimation of defined benefit obligations-– Note 1.2.13
 · Impairment of trade receivables- Note 1.2.21
===== PDF PAGE 159 =====
158
a) Measurement of fair values
 The Company's accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial and 
non-financial assets and liabilities.
 The Company has an established control framework with respect to the measurement of fair values. This includes a 
treasury team that has overall responsibility for overseeing all significant fair value measurements, including Level 3 
fair values, and reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer.
 The treasury team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party 
information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then the valuation team 
assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that these valuations meet the 
requirements of Ind AS, including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which the valuations should be classified.
 Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation 
techniques as follows.
- Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
- Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either 
directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
- Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
 When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company uses observable market data as far as 
possible. If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the fair value 
hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy 
as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.
 The Company recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period 
during which the change has occurred.
1.2.2. Revenue Recognition 
1.2.2.1. Sale of goods:
Revenue is recognised upon transfer of control of promised goods to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration 
which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods. 
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer which is 
usually on dispatch / delivery of goods, based on contracts with the customers. 
Revenue is measured based on the transaction price, which is the consideration, adjusted for discounts, price concessions, 
incentives, and returns, if any, as specified in the contracts with the customers. Revenue excludes taxes collected from 
customers on behalf of the government. Accruals for discounts/incentives and returns are estimated (using the most likely 
method) based on accumulated experience and underlying schemes and agreements with customers. Due to the short 
nature of credit period given to customers, there is no financing component in the contract. 
Contract Assets
Trade Receivables
A receivable represents the Company’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of 
time is required before payment of the consideration is due). 
 Contract liabilities
 A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Company has received consideration (or 
an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration before the Company transfers 
goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is made, or the payment is due 
(whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Company performs under the contract. 
===== PDF PAGE 160 =====
159
1.2.2.2. Rendering of Services
 Revenue is recognized from rendering of services when the performance obligation is satisfied and the services are 
rendered in accordance with the terms of customer contracts. Revenue is measured based on the transaction price, 
which is the consideration, as specified in the contract with the customer. Revenue also excludes taxes collected from 
customers.
1.2.2.3. Revenue from time and material and job contracts is recognised on output basis measured by  units delivered, efforts 
expended, number of transactions processed, etc. and as per terms & conditions under the contract with the customers.
1.2.2.4. Deferred contract costs are upfront costs incurred for the contract and are amortized on a systematic basis that is 
consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to  which the asset relates.
1.2.2.5. Other Income
i) Profit on sale of investments is determined as the difference between the sales price and the carrying value of the 
investment upon disposal of investments.
ii) Dividend income is recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss on the date on which the Company's right to receive 
payment is established.
iii) Interest income or expense is recognised using the effective interest method.
 The ‘effective interest rate’ is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the 
expected life of the financial instrument to:
  - the gross carrying amount of the financial asset ;
   or
  - the amortised cost of the financial liability
 In calculating interest income and expense, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the 
asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability. However, for financial assets 
that have become credit- impaired subsequent to initial recognition, interest income is calculated by applying the 
effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then the 
calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis.
iv) Insurance claims are accounted for on the basis of claims admitted / expected to be admitted and to the extent that 
the amount recoverable can be measured reliably and it is reasonable to expect ultimate collection.
v) Interest on Refund from Income Tax / GST department / Environment agencies  Department are accounted for on 
receipt basis.
1.2.3. Expenditure Recognition 
 Expenses are accounted on the accrual basis and on crystallisation of such expenses. And provisions for all known 
losses and liabilities are made. 
1.2.4. Recent pronouncements
  Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards under Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. Management anticipates that all relevant pronouncements 
will be adopted for the first period beginning on or after the effective date of the pronouncement given below:
a)  Ind AS 116- Leases
 The amendments require an entity to recognize lease liability including variable lease payments which are not linked 
to index or a rate in a way it does not result into gain on Right of Use asset it retains. The Company has evaluated 
the amendment and concluded that there is no impact on its standalone financial statements.
===== PDF PAGE 161 =====
160
b)  Ind AS 117- Insurance contracts
 MCA notified Ind AS 117, a comprehensive standard that prescribe, recognition, measurement and disclosure 
requirements, to avoid diversities in practice for accounting insurance contracts and it applies to all companies 
i.e., to all “insurance contracts” regardless of the issuer. The effective date for adoption of this amendment is 
annual Company has evaluated the amendment and concluded that there is no impact on its standalone financial 
statements.
c)  Ind AS 21- The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), via notification dated 7th May 2025, announced amendments to the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 which come into effect from the date of publication. The key amendments 
include the definition of whether a currency is exchangeable, and the process by which an entity should assess this 
exchangeability, guidance on how an entity should estimate a spot exchange rate in cases where a currency is not 
exchangeable and additional disclosures in cases where an entity has estimated a spot exchange rate due to a 
lack of exchangeability. The Company has evaluated the amendment and concluded that there is no impact on its 
standalone financial statements.
 
1.2.5. Foreign currency translation
 Reporting and presentation currency
 The consolidated financial statements are presented in Lakhs of Indian Rupees, which is also the functional currency of 
the Holding Company.
 
 Foreign currency transactions and balances 
 For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Company’s foreign 
operations that have a functional currency other than Indian rupees are translated into Indian rupees using exchange 
rates prevailing at the reporting date. 
 Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period. Exchange differences arising, if 
any, are recognized in other comprehensive income and held in foreign currency translation reserve (FCTR), a component 
of equity, except to the extent that the translation difference is allocated to non controlling interest. 
 When a foreign operation is disposed off, the relevant amount recognized in FCTR is transferred to the statement of profit 
and loss as part of the profit or loss on disposal. 
 Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities 
of the foreign operation and translated at the exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date.
1.2.6. Cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits with banks. Cash equivalents are short-term balances, (with original 
maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into 
known amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value.
1.2.7. Cash flow statement
 Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby profit / (loss) before extraordinary items and tax is adjusted 
for the effects of transactions of non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments. 
The cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities of the Company are segregated based on the available 
information.
1.2.8. Property, plant and equipment
Buildings and other equipment
Buildings and other equipment (comprising plant and machinery, furniture and fittings, electrical equipment, office 
equipment, computers and vehicles) are initially recognized at acquisition cost, including any costs directly attributable to 
bringing the assets to the location and condition necessary for them to be capable of operating in the manner intended 
by the Group’s management. Buildings and other equipment are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated 
===== PDF PAGE 162 =====
161
depreciation and any impairment losses. Cost of property, plant and equipment not ready for the intended use before 
reporting date is disclosed as capital work in progress.
Subsequent expenditure incurred on an item of property, plant and equipment is added to the book value of that asset 
only if this increases the future benefits from the existing asset beyond its previously assessed standard of performance.
Gains or losses arising on the disposal of property, plant and equipment are determined as the difference between the 
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the assets and are recognized in the statement of profit and loss within 
other income or other expenses.
The components of assets are capitalized only if the life of the components vary significantly and whose cost is significant 
in relation to the cost of respective asset. The life of components in assets are determined based on technical assessment 
and past history of replacement of such components in the assets.
Tangible assets are carried at the cost of acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment, if any. The cost of tangible assets includes non-refundable taxes, duties, freight and other incidental expenses 
related to the acquisition and installation of the respective assets. Assets which are retired from active use and are held 
for disposal are stated at the lower of their net book value or net realizable value. Cost of tangible assets not ready for the 
intended use as at balance sheet date are disclosed as “capital work in progress”.
Impairment testing of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment
For the purpose of impairment assessment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are largely independent 
cash inflows (cash-generating units). As a result, some assets are tested individually for impairment and some are tested 
at cash-generating unit level. All individual assets or cash-generating units are tested for impairment whenever events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s (or cash-generating unit’s) carrying amount 
exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use. To determine 
the value-in-use, management estimates expected future cash flows from each cash-generating unit and determines a 
suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The data used for impairment testing 
procedures are directly linked to the Group’s latest approved budget, adjusted as necessary to exclude the effects of 
future reorganizations and asset enhancements. Discount factors are determined individually for each cash generating 
unit and reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and asset-specific risk factors. 
Impairment losses for cash-generating units reduce first the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to that cash 
generating unit. Any remaining impairment loss is charged pro rata to the other assets in the cash-generating unit. With 
the exception of goodwill, all assets are subsequently reassessed for indications that an impairment loss previously 
recognized may no longer exist. An impairment loss is reversed if the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s recoverable 
amount exceeds its carrying amount.
Depreciation
Depreciation on tangible assets is provided on straight line method and in the manner prescribed in Schedule II to the 
Companies Act, 2013, over its useful life specified in the Act, or based on the useful life of the assets as estimated 
by Management based on technical evaluation and advice. The residual value is 5% of the acquisition cost which is 
considered to be the amount recoverable at the end of the asset’s useful life. The residual values, useful lives and method 
of depreciation of property, plant and equipment is reviewed at each financial year end.
 The Management’s estimates of the useful life of various categories of fixed assets where estimates of useful life are 
lower than the useful life specified in Part C of Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013 are as under: 
Type of asset Estimated useful life (Years)
Plant and equipment
- Computers – Desktops / Laptops 6
- Computers – Servers / Storages 3
===== PDF PAGE 163 =====
162
Type of asset Estimated useful life (Years)
- Computers – Others 2
Furniture and fixtures 10
Vehicles 8
Office equipment 5
Intangible assets 6
 Assets costing less than ` 5,000 individually have been fully depreciated in the year of purchase.
 The estimated useful life of the intangible assets and the amortisation period are reviewed at the end of each financial 
year and the amortisation period is revised to reflect the changed pattern, if any.
1.2.9. Research & Development Expenditure
 Revenue expenditure pertaining to research is charged to the Consolidated statement of profit and loss. Development 
costs of products are also charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss unless a product’s technical feasibility has been 
established, in which case such expenditure is capitalized. The amount capitalized comprises expenditure that can be 
directly attributed or allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to creating, producing and making the asset ready 
for its intended use. Property, Plant and equipment utilized for research and development are capitalized and depreciated 
in accordance with the policies stated for property, plant and equipment
1.2.10. Inventories 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of the cost and the net realizable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling 
price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and to make the sale. Cost is determined 
on a First in First out basis. A periodic review is made of slow-moving stock and appropriate provisions are made for 
anticipated losses, if any.
1.2.11. Investments 
 Investments that are readily realizable and are intended to be held for not more than one year from the date on which 
such investments are made are classified as current investments. All other investments are classified as long-term 
investments. Long-term investments other than investment in subsidiaries are valued at fair market value. Provision is 
made for diminution in value to recognize a decline, if any, other than that of temporary in nature. Current investments are 
valued at lower of cost and fair market value. Gains or losses that arise on disposal of an investment are measured as 
the difference between disposal proceeds and the carrying value and are recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
1.2.12. Foreign currency transactions and balances
 On initial recognition, all foreign currency transactions are recorded at exchange rates prevailing on the date of the 
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities, denominated in a foreign currency, are translated at the exchange rate 
prevailing on the Balance Sheet date and the resultant exchange gains or losses are recognised in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss.
1.2.13. Retirement Benefits to employees 
i.  Post-employment benefit plans
 Defined contribution plan
 Payment to defined contribution retirement benefit schemes are charged as an expense as they fall due. 
  
 Defined Benefit plan
 For defined benefit schemes, the cost of providing benefits is determined using Projected Unit Credit method, with 
actuarial valuations being carried out at each balance sheet date. Actuarial gains/losses are recognized in the period 
of occurrence under Other Comprehensive Income (OCI). Past service cost is recognized to the extent the benefits 
are already vested, and otherwise is amortized on a Straight-Line method over the average period until the benefits 
become vested. The retirement benefit obligation recognized in the balance sheet represents the present value of 
the defined benefit obligations as adjusted for unrecognized past service cost.
===== PDF PAGE 164 =====
163
ii.  Short-term employee benefits
 The undiscounted amount of short term employee benefits expected to be paid in exchange of services rendered 
by employees is recognized during the period when the employee renders the service. These benefits include 
performance incentives, paid annual leave, medical allowance, etc.
1.2.14. Income Tax 
 Tax expense recognized in the statement of profit or loss comprises the sum of deferred tax and current tax not recognized 
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Calculation of current tax is based on tax rates in accordance with 
tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred income taxes 
are calculated using the liability method on temporary differences between tax bases of assets and liabilities and their 
carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at reporting date. Deferred taxes pertaining to items recognized in other 
comprehensive income are also disclosed under the same head. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it 
is probable that the underlying tax loss or deductible temporary difference will be utilized against future taxable income. 
This is assessed based on the respective entity’s forecast of future operating results, adjusted for significant non-taxable 
income and expenses and specific limits on the use of any unused tax loss or credit. 
 Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized in full, although Ind AS 12 ‘Income Taxes’ specifies limited exemptions. 
As a result of these exemptions the Group does not recognize deferred tax liability on temporary differences relating to 
goodwill, or to its investments in subsidiaries. Changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities are recognized as a component 
of tax income or expense in the statement of profit and loss, except where they relate to items that are recognized in 
other comprehensive income (such as the re-measurement of defined benefit plans) or directly in equity, in which case 
the related deferred tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or equity, respectively.
1.2.15. Borrowing Costs
 Borrowing Costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of qualifying assets are capitalised for the period until the 
asset is ready for its intended use. A qualifying asset is an asset that necessarily takes substantial period of time to get 
ready for its intended use. Other borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred. 
1.2.16. Provisions (other than employee benefits) and contingencies
 A provision is recognised when the Company has a present obligation as a result of past events and it is probable that 
an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. 
Provisions (excluding retirement benefits) are not discounted to their present value and are determined based on the best 
estimate required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date. These are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date and 
adjusted to reflect the current best estimates. Contingent liabilities are disclosed in the note 31.6 Contingent assets are 
not recognised in the financial statements.
Onerous contracts
A contract is considered to be onerous when the expected economic benefits to be derived by the Company from the 
contract are lower than the unavoidable cost of meeting its obligations under the contract.
 
The provision for an onerous contract is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating 
the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract. Before such a provision is made, the Company 
recognises any impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract.
1.2.17. Leases
Lease Identification
A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of 
time in exchange for consideration.
The Company’s lease asset primarily consist of lease for buildings. The Company assesses whether a contract contains 
a lease, at inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of 
an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to 
control the use of an identified asset, the Company assesses whether:
===== PDF PAGE 165 =====
164
(i)    the contract involves the use of an identified asset
(ii)   the Company has substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset through the period of the lease and
(iii)  the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset.
Lessee Accounting
Ind AS 116 “Leases” sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for 
both lessees and lessors.
Recognition
The Company recognises right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and lease 
liability at the lease commencement date. 
Measurement of ROU Asset
The cost of the right of- use asset measured at inception comprises of the amount of the initial measurement of the lease 
liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received, 
plus any initial direct costs incurred.
Subsequent Measurement of ROU Asset
The right-of-use assets is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and
accumulated impairment losses, if any and adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability. The right-of use assets 
is depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date over the lease term life of right-of-use asset.
Measurement of Lease Liability
At the commencement date of the lease, the Company recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease 
payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in substance fixed 
payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts 
expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase 
option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the 
lease term reflects the Company exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an 
index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the 
event or condition that triggers the payment occurs. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Company 
uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not 
readily determinable. 
 
Subsequent Measurement of Lease Liability
After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced 
for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, 
a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change 
in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the 
underlying asset.
Short-Term and Low-Value Leases
The company has elected not to recognize assets and liabilities for (a) short- term leases (for a period of twelve months 
or less) and (b) leases of low value assets. For these short-term and low value leases, the Company recognizes the lease 
payments as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
Lease liabilities are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to the related right of use asset if the Company changes 
its assessment if whether it will exercise an extension or a termination option.
 
Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments have been 
classified as financing cash flows.
Finance Lease
Leases under which the company assumes substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance 
leases. The lower of fair value of asset and present value of minimum lease rentals is capitalized as fixed assets with 
===== PDF PAGE 166 =====
165
corresponding amount shown as lease liability. The principle component in the lease rentals is adjusted against the lease 
liability and interest component is charged to profit and loss account. 
Company as a lessor 
At the inception of the lease the Company classifies each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease. 
The Company recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the 
lease term. 
In case of a finance lease, finance income is recognised over the lease term based on a pattern reflecting a constant 
periodic rate of return on the lessor's net investment in the lease. 
In the case company has entered into lease agreements for IT hardware & same are deployed to customers under 
service contracts & under the service contracts the customers have full control and use of the assets during the term and 
are entitled to acquire the assets at the end of the term, the Company derecognises the Right-of-Use assets as Financial 
Assets, The corresponding lease liabilities remain recognized
1.2.18. Transfer pricing
 As per the Transfer pricing norms introduced in India with effect from 1 April 2001, the Company is required to use certain 
specific methods in computing arm’s length price of international transactions between the associated enterprises and 
maintain prescribed information and documents relating to such transactions. The appropriate method to be adopted will 
depend on the nature of transactions/class of transactions, class of associated persons, functions performed and other 
factors, which have been prescribed. There were no contracts or arrangements or transactions entered into during the 
year ended March 31, 2025 which were not at arm’s length basis.
1.2.19. Translation of integral and non-integral foreign operations
 The group classifies all its foreign operations as either “integral foreign operations” or “non-integral foreign operations”. 
The financial statements of an integral foreign operation are translated as if the transactions of the foreign operation 
have been those of the Company itself. The assets and liabilities of a non-integral foreign operation are translated into 
the reporting currency at the exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date. Items of profit and loss are translated at the 
average exchange rates for the year. The exchange differences arising on translation are accumulated in the foreign 
currency translation reserve, a component of equity, except to the extent that the translation difference is allocated to non 
controlling interest. On disposal of a non-integral foreign operation, the accumulated foreign currency translation reserve 
relating to that foreign operation is recognized in the Statement of profit and loss.
1.2.20. Financial instruments
Financial assets (other than trade receivables) and financial liabilities are recognized when the Company becomes a party 
to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. All financial assets and financial liabilities contracts are initially 
measured at fair value adjusted for transaction costs, and where such price is different from fair value, at fair value. Trade 
receivables are recognized at their transaction price as the same do not contain significant financing component.
Transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial
liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted 
from, as the case may be, the fair value of such financial assets or liabilities on initial recognition. Transaction costs 
directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are 
recognised in profit or loss.
Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
For the purpose of subsequent measurement financial assets are classified and measured based on the entity’s business 
model for managing the financial asset and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset at: 
 a.  Amortized cost
 b.  Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
  or
 c.  Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)
===== PDF PAGE 167 =====
166
 All financial assets are reviewed for impairment at least at each reporting date to identify whether there is any objective 
evidence that a financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. Different criteria to determine impairment are 
applied for each category of financial assets, which are described below.   
 Financial assets at amortized Cost
 Financial assets at amortized Cost Includes assets that are held within a business model where the objective is to hold 
the financial assets to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms gives rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
These assets are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The loss allowance at 
each reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 12 months and credit risk exposure. The 
Company shall also measure the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected 
credit losses if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition.
Financial assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
Includes assets that are held within a business model where the objective is both collecting contractual cash flows 
and selling financial assets along with the contractual terms giving rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. At initial recognition, the Company, based on its 
assessment, makes an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income the changes in the fair value of an 
investment in an equity instrument that is not held for trading. These selections are made on an instrument-by- instrument 
(i.e.., share-by-share) basis. If the Company decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value 
changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, impairment gains or losses and foreign exchange gains and losses, are 
recognized in other comprehensive income. There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to profit or loss, even on sale 
of investment. The dividends from such instruments are recognized in statement of profit and loss.
The fair value of financial assets in this category are determined by reference to active market transactions or using 
a valuation technique where no active market exists. The loss allowance at each reporting period is evaluated based 
on the expected credit losses for next 12 months and credit risk exposure. The Company shall also measure the loss 
allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that 
financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition. The loss allowance shall be recognized in other 
comprehensive income and shall not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the balance sheet.
Financial assets at Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)
Financial assets at FVTPL include financial assets that are designated at FVTPL upon initial recognition and financial 
assets that are not measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income. All derivative financial 
instruments fall into this category, except for those designated and effective as hedging instruments, for which the hedge 
accounting requirements apply. Assets in this category are measured at fair value with gains or losses recognized in profit 
or loss. The fair value of financial assets in this category are determined by reference to active market transactions or 
using a valuation technique where no active market exists.
The loss allowance at each reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 12 months and 
credit risk exposure. The Company shall also measure the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal 
to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial 
recognition. The loss allowance shall be recognized in profit and loss.
1.2.21. Impairment
a) Impairment of financial instruments
 The Company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses on:
 Financial assets measured at amortised cost;
 At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether financial assets are carried at amortised cost. A financial 
asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows 
of the financial asset have occurred.
===== PDF PAGE 168 =====
167
 The Company measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses, except for the 
following, which are measured as 12 month expected credit losses:
 - debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and
- other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected 
life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.
Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses.
12-month expected credit losses are the portion of expected credit losses that result from default events that are 
possible within 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less 
than 12 months).
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and 
when estimating expected credit losses, the Company considers reasonable and supportable information that is 
relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and 
analysis, based on the Company’s historical experience and informed credit assessment and including forward- 
looking information.
Measurement of expected credit losses
Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the 
present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Company in accordance 
with the contract and the cash flows that the Company expects to receive).
Presentation of allowance for expected credit losses in the balance sheet
Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of 
the assets.
 Write-off
 The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no 
realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Company determines that the debtor does not 
have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-
off.
b) Impairment of non-financial assets
 The Company’s non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting 
date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s 
recoverable amount is estimated.
 For impairment testing, assets that do not generate independent cash inflows are grouped together into cash-
generating units (CGUs). Each CGU represents the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows that are 
largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs.
 The recoverable amount of a CGU (or an individual asset) is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs to 
sell. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount 
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU (or the asset).
 An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. 
Impairment losses are recognised in the Consolidated statement of profit and loss. Impairment loss recognised in respect 
of a CGU is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the 
carrying amounts of the other assets of the CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.
===== PDF PAGE 169 =====
168
1.2.22. Share based payment transactions:
Employee Stock Option Plans (“ESOPs”):
The fair value of options determined at the grant date is recognized as an employee expense on a straight line basis (on 
the basis of multiple vesting of options granted), with a corresponding increase in other equity under “Employee Stock 
Options Outstanding account”, over the vesting period of the grant, where the employee becomes entitled to the options. 
At the end of each reporting period, the Company revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to 
vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss such that 
the cumulative expenses reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the “Employee Stock Options 
Outstanding account”.
Stock Options are granted to eligible employees in accordance with “Dynacons - Employees Stock Option Plan 2020” as 
approved by the Shareholders in accordance with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 which 
was amended by the Board of Directors of the Compnay to align with the provisions of the SEBI (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.  
Under Ind AS 102 on Share based Payment, the cost of stock options is recognised based on the fair value of stock 
options as on the grant date.
1.2.23. Earnings per share
 Basic earnings per equity share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders (after deducting attributable taxes) by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during 
the period. The weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events including 
a bonus issue, bonus element in a rights issue to existing shareholders, share split and reverse share split (consolidation 
of shares). In this scenario, the number of equity shares outstanding increases without an increase in resources due to 
which the number of equity shares outstanding before the event is adjusted for the proportionate change in the number 
of equity shares outstanding as if the event had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period reported. 
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effects of all 
dilutive potential equity shares.
===== PDF PAGE 170 =====
169
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2025
2 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT TO USE ASSETS   
( ` In Lakhs )
Particulars Property, Plant and Equipment Right of 
Use assets
Furnitures & 
Fixtures
Vehicles (Cars) Office 
Equipment
Computer Total Lease hold 
premises
Gross block
Balance as at 1 April 2023 33.33 203.24 10.10 287.55 534.23 371.60
Additions 28.56 0.00 0.57 0.00 29.13 0.00
Disposals  -    -    -    -    -    3.61 
Acquisitions through business combinations  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Amount of change due to revaluation  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Balance as at 31 March 2024  61.89  203.24  10.67  287.55  563.35  367.99 
Additions  5.58  217.71  -    312.21  535.51  -   
Disposals  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Acquisitions through business combinations  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Amount of change due to revaluation  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Balance as at 31 March 2025  67.47  420.95  10.67  599.76  1,098.86  367.99 
Accumulated  depreciation/ amortisation
Balance as at 1 April 2023  1.75  63.83  3.02  97.26  165.86  67.06 
Depreciation / amortisation for the year  4.86  27.69  1.73  42.81  77.08  74.86 
Reversal on disposal  
of assets
 -    -    -    -    -    3.61 
Balance as at 31 March 2024  6.60  91.52  4.74  140.07  242.94  138.31 
Depreciation/ amortisation for the year  7.04  30.45  1.75  51.44  90.67  73.95 
Reversal on disposal of assets  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Balance as at 31 March 2025  13.64  121.97  6.49  191.51  333.61  212.26 
Net Block
Balance as at 1 April 2024  55.28  111.72  5.93  147.48  320.42  229.68 
Balance as at 31 March 2025  53.83  298.98  4.18  408.26  765.25  155.73 
a. Of the above, charge has been created over Furnitures & Fixtures, Vehicles, Office Equipments and Computers in regard to borrowings  (Refer note 20.1)
b. Refer note 1.2.17  for Right of use assets
c. No borrowing costs were capitalised to property, plant and equipment during the year. (Refer Note 1.2.15 on Borrowing Cost)
d. Disclosure with respect to capital work-in-progress
Capital Work In Progress Amount
As at 31 March 2025 2,407.18
As at 31 March 2024 25.59
CWIP Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Less than 
1 year
1-2 years More than 3 
years
Projects in progress 2,381.60 25.59 0.00 2,407.18
Projects temporarily suspended  -    -    -    -   
As on the date of the balance sheet, there are no capital work in progress projects whose completion is overdue or has exceeded the cost. 
===== PDF PAGE 171 =====
170
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
         (` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
3 NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS - INVESTMENTS
Investments designated at fair value through Other Comprehensive 
Income
(i) In Equity Shares - Quoted, fully paid up
Bank Baroda Limited 0.50 0.25
(220 (31st March, 2024 - 220  Equity Shares of ` 10 each fully paid up)
(ii) In Units of Mutual Fund - Quoted, fully paid up
a) HDFC Focused 30 Fund - Regular Plan - Growth 27.93  24.17 
(Unit 13,055.264 (31st March, 2024 - 13,055.264))
b) ICICI Prudential Bluechip Fund - Growth 26.06  24.34 
(Unit 25,321.713 (31st March, 2024 - 25,321.713))
c) Parag Parikh Flexi Cap Fund - Regular Plan - Growth 24.96  21.94 
(Unit 31,645.487 (31st March, 2024 - 31,645.487))
Total 79.46 70.69
(iii) Aggregate value of quoted and unquoted investments is as follows:
Aggregate value of quoted investments  79.46  70.69 
Aggregate value of unquoted investments  -    -   
Aggregate market value of quoted investments  79.46  70.69 
Aggregate value of impairment of investments  -    -   
(iii) The Company has made an irrevocable election of accounting policy 
as at the adoption date 01 April 2016 to fair value investment in equity 
instrument through Other Comprehensive Income (‘OCI’). 
(iv) Investments in Units of Mutual Funds are considered as quoted 
investments as NAV's are available at the end of 31st March, 2025/2024
4 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity 114.33 273.99
Deposits Accounts of `114.33 Lakhs (As at 31st March, 2024 `273.99 lakhs) 
pledged  for facilities from Banks. (Refer Note 20.1)
Lease Receivable 5,855.67 0.00
Total  5,970.01 273.99
5 DEFERRED TAX ASSETS  NET
(a) Amounts recognized in profit and loss
Current tax expense (A)
In respect of current year  2,510.14 1,841.65
Deferred tax expense (B)
In respect of current year (45.09) (16.87)
Tax expense recognized in the income statement (A+B+C)  2,465.05 1,824.78
===== PDF PAGE 172 =====
171
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(b) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income       
        
Particulars  For the year ended 31st March, 2025  For the year ended 31st March, 2024 
 Before tax  Tax 
(expense) 
benefit 
 Net of tax  Before tax Tax 
(expense) 
benefit
Net of tax
Items that will not be reclassified 
to profit or loss
Remeasurement of the defined 
benefit plans
(51.34 )  11.13 (40.21) (50.88)  14.74 (36.14)
Equity instruments through other 
comprehensive income
 8.76  -    8.76 (19.66 )  -   (19.66)
(42.58) 11.13 (31.45) (70.54) 14.74 (5.80)
        
(c) Reconciliation of effective tax rate       
        
Particulars For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
% Amounts % Amounts
Profit before tax 9,714.11 7,206.72
Tax using the Company’s domestic tax rate 25.17% 2,444.85 25.14% 1,811.65
Tax effect of:
Expenses disallowed for tax purpose (0.49%) (47.54) (0.05%) (3.74)
Others 0.70% 67.74 0.23% 16.87
TOTAL 0.21% 20.20 0.18% 13.13
Effective income tax rate 25.38% 2,465.05 25.32% 1,824.78
 
(d) Movement in deferred tax       
        
Deferred tax (assets) Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax 
(assets) / liability
31st March, 
2025
31st March, 
2024
31st March, 
2025
31st March, 
2024
31st March, 
2025
31st March, 
2024
Provisions - employee benefits 70.79 56.05 - - (70.79) (56.05)
Property, plant and equipment - - 507.64 74.88 507.64 74.88
Lease Rentals 543.09 79.98 - - (543.09) (79.98)
Deferred tax (assets) liabilities 613.88 136.03 507.64 74.88 (106.24) (61.16)
===== PDF PAGE 173 =====
172
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
6 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(Unsecured)
- Considered good
Deferred contract costs 3,819.71 -
3,819.71 -
7 INVENTORIES
(Valued at lower of cost and net realisable value)
Stock-in-trade 5,823.74 7,338.86
Total 5,823.74 7,338.86
a Goods-in-transit included above  -   3,859.90
b Inventories of ` 5,823.74 (as at 31st March, 2024: ` 7,338.86 Lakhs) are 
hypothecated against working capital facilities from banks. (Refer note 
20.1)
c Company holds only stock in trade & no other catagories are held
8 TRADE RECEIVABLES
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Trade Receivables considered good - Secured  -    -   
Trade Receivables considered good - Unsecured;  43,657.91  40,168.77 
Trade Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk;  -    -   
Trade Receivables - credit impaired  -    -   
43,657.91 40,168.77
Less Provision for expected credit loss  -    -   
Total 43,657.91 40,168.77
8.1 Movement in allowance for expected credit loss
Balance at the beginning of the year 13.68 13.68
Amounts written off  -    -   
Allowance during the year  -    -   
Reversal during the year  -    -   
Balance at the end of the year 13.68 13.68
8.2  Trade Receivables ageing schedule  
    
 Ageing for trade receivables – current outstanding as at March 31, 2025 is as follows
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments Total
Less than 6 
months
6 months - 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
Undisputed trade receivables- 
considered good
 40,595.38  1,660.83  1,096.20  89.72  215.77  43,657.91 
Undisputed trade receivables- 
considered doubtful
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed trade receivables- 
considered good
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed trade receivables- 
considered doubtful
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Ageing Schedule is in respect of Overdue cases including where no due date of payment is specified
===== PDF PAGE 174 =====
173
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st  March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
 Ageing for trade receivables – current outstanding as at March 31, 2024 is as follows   
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments Total
Less than 6 
months
6 months - 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
Undisputed trade receivables- 
considered good
 38,506.00  885.75  323.85  263.46  189.70  40,168.77 
Undisputed trade receivables- 
considered doubtful
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed trade receivables- 
considered good
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed trade receivables- 
considered doubtful
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Ageing Schedule is in respect of Overdue cases including where no due date of payment is specified
8.3 Trade Receivables of Rs 43,657.91 lakhs (as at 31st March, 2024: ` 40,168.77 Lakhs) are hypothecated against working 
capital facilities from banks. (Refer note 20.1)
8.4 The carrying amount of the Trade Receivables are considered as a reasonable approximation of fair value as it is 
expected to be collected within twelve months
8.5 The Company’s exposure to credit and currency risks, and loss allowances related to trade receivables are disclosed in  
 note 31.8
8.6 To the best of the knowledge of the Management, there are no unbilled dues receivable from any customers.
9 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash on hand 2.92 3.19
Balances with banks in current accounts 98.97 76.64
Demand deposits with Banks 3,367.09 206.48
Total 3,468.98 286.30
Deposits Accounts of ` 3,367.09 Lakhs (As at 31 st March, 2024 ` 206.48 
lakhs) pledged  for facilities from Banks. (Refer Note 20.1)     
  
10 OTHER BALANCES WITH BANKS
 -Balances with bank held as margin money 6,985.26 8,523.51
Total 6,985.26 8,523.51
11 SHORT TERM LOANS AND ADVANCES
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Advance to  supplier  165.97  -   
Loans & Advances to employees  195.05  62.39 
-Loans Receivables considered good - Unsecured  -    -   
-Loans Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk  -    -   
-Loans Receivables - credit impaired  -    -   
Total 361.02 62.39
===== PDF PAGE 175 =====
174
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
11.1 Movement in allowance for expected credit loss
Balance at the beginning of the year  -    -   
Amounts written off  -    -   
Allowance during the year  -    -   
Reversal during the year  -    -   
Balance at the end of the year  -    -   
12 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Security Deposits 305.95 696.70
Lease Receivable 2,429.51 -
Total 2,735.46 696.70
12.1 Movement in allowance for expected credit loss
Balance at the beginning of the year  -    -   
Amounts written off  -    -   
Allowance during the year  -    -   
Reversal during the year  -    -   
Balance at the end of the year  -    -   
13 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
(Unsecured)
- Considered good
Duties & Taxes (Net of provisions) 1,237.01 676.55
Deferred Employee Compensation - ESOP 145.85 6.37
Total 1,382.85 682.91
14 EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
(a) Authorised Share Capital
30,000,000 Equity shares of `10 each 3,000.00 3,000.00
(Previous Year 30,000,000 Equity shares of `10 each)
(b) Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid up :
(1,27,25,330) Equity shares of ` 10 each) 1,272.53 1,271.31
(Previous year 1,27,13,130 Equity shares of ` 10 each)
===== PDF PAGE 176 =====
175
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
14.1  The reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding is set out below :       
         
Particulars As at 31 Mar 2025 As at 31 Mar 2024
No. of Shares Amt No. of Shares Amt
Equity Shares at the beginning of the year 1,27,13,130 1,271.31 1,26,93,080 1,269.31
Issued during the year 12,200 1.22 20,050 2.01
Equity Shares at the end of the year 1,27,25,330 1,272.53 1,27,13,130 1,271.31
14.2  Shareholding of Promoter/Promoter Group 
Sr. 
no
Promoter/Promoter's Group 
Name
As at 31 March 2025 As at 31 March 2024
No. of 
shares
% of total 
shares
% change 
during the 
year
No. of 
shares
% of total 
shares
% change 
during the 
year
1 Shirish Mansinh Anjaria 1160948 9.12% 0.00% 1160948 9.13% 0.00%
2 Parag Jitendra Dalal 1092016 8.58% 5.02% 1039816 8.18% 8.33%
3 Jigna Dharmesh Anjaria 291463 2.29% 0.00% 291463 2.29% 0.00%
4 Dharmesh Shirish Anjaria HUF 410000 3.22% 0.00% 410000 3.23% 0.00%
5 Parag Jitendra Dalal HUF 470077 3.69% 0.00% 470077 3.70% 0.00%
6 Devangi Parag Dalal 269640 2.12% 0.00% 269640 2.12% 0.00%
7 Shirish Mansinh Anjaria HUF 413543 3.25% 0.00% 413543 3.25% 0.00%
8 Dharmesh Shirish Anjaria 956890 7.52% 0.00% 956890 7.53% 0.00%
9 Nilam Shirish Anjaria 524602 4.12% 0.00% 524602 4.13% 0.00%
10 Hasumati Jitendra Dalal 0 0.00% (100.00%) 52200 0.41% (60.51%)
11 Trigem Infosolutions Limited 2086475 16.40% 0.00% 2086475 16.41% 0.00%
12 Pankti Dalal 40000 0.31% 0.00% 40000 0.31% 0.00%
13 Dhvani Dalal 40000 0.31% 0.00% 40000 0.31% 0.00%
Total 7755654 60.95% 7755654 61.01%
14.3  The details of Shareholders holding more than 5% shares : 
      
Name of the Shareholder As at 31 Mar 2025 As at 31 Mar 2024
Number of Shares Held % holding Number of Shares Held % holding
Shirish Mansingh Anjaria 1160948 9.12% 1160948 9.13%
Dharmesh Shirish Anjaria 956890 7.52% 956890 7.53%
Parag Jitendra Dalal 1092016 8.58% 1039816 8.18%
Trigem Infosolutions Limited 2086475 16.40% 2086475 16.41%
14.4 The Company has allotted 12,200 equity shares of face value ` 10 each on January 03, 2025, to the eligible employees 
at an exercise price of ` 10 per share as per the ‘Dynacons - Employees Stock Option Plan 2020’ (‘ESOP – 2020’)  
14.5 As per records of the company, including its register of shareholders/members and other declarations received from 
shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents the both legal and beneficial ownership of 
shares.       
14.6 The company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 10 per share. Each shareholder is eligible for 
one vote per share held. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets 
of the company in proportion to their shareholdings.       
===== PDF PAGE 177 =====
176
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
14.7 During the 5 years immediately preceding the balance sheet date, there were no equity shares allotted as fully paid up 
pursuant to contract without payment being received in cash, no bonus shares were  issued and there was no buy-back 
of equity shares of the Company.       
14.8 The Company declares  and pays dividends in Indian Rupees. The Board of Directors in their meeting held on August 
12,2024, declared an interim dividend of ` 0.50/- per share on the nominal value of `10/-each and paid to all the eligible 
shareholders as at August 23, 2024. The interim dividend paid is considered as the final dividend for the financial year 
ended 31st March, 2025.       
14.9 Shares reserved for issue under option       
 For details of shares reserved for issue and shares issued under the Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) of the Company, 
refer note 31.3. These options are granted to the employees subject to cancellation under circumstance of his cessation 
of employment with the Company on or before the vesting date.       
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st  March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
15 OTHER EQUITY
Capital Reserve  1.51  1.35 
Securities premium account  1,054.34  1,018.07 
General reserve  190.46  190.46 
Retained earnings  20,464.09  13,288.17 
Other comprehensive income (73.85) (42.40)
Share option outstanding 188.26  36.71 
Total  21,824.81  14,492.37 
The movement in Other Equity:
(a) Capital Reserve
Opening Balance  1.35  1.30 
Add : Consolidation of Susidiary Investments  0.16 0.05
Total  1.51  1.35 
(b) Securities premium account
As per last Balance Sheet 1,018.07 958.60
Add: Premium on issue of share under employees stock option scheme 
(see note 31.3)
36.27 59.47
Total 1,054.34 1,018.07
Securities premium account represents premium received on equity 
shares issued, which can be utilised only in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act.
(c) General reserve
As per last Balance Sheet 190.46 190.46
General reserve represents an appropriation of profits by the Company, 
which can be utilised for purposes such as dividend payout etc.
(d) Surplus in Statement of Profit and Loss
As per last Balance Sheet 13,288.17 7,968.61
Less : Dividend Distributed -63.57 -63.71
Add: Profit for the year 7,239.49 5,383.27
20,464.09 13,288.17
===== PDF PAGE 178 =====
177
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st  March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
Surplus in Statement of Profit and Loss comprises of prior years’ 
undistributed earnings after taxes, which can be utilised for purposes 
such as dividend payout etc..
Total reserves and surplus 21,710.40 14,498.06
(f) Other comprehensive income
Balance at the beginning of the year (42.40) (9.34)
Add : Movement during the year (31.45) (55.80)
Add : Prior year Adjustment 0.00 22.74
Balance at the end of the year (73.85) (42.40)
(g) Share option outstanding
Opening balance 36.71 97.23
Add : Granted/ vested during the year 188.11 0.00
Less : Transfer to Securities Premium Account (36.27) (59.47)
Less : Written back to Statement of Profit and Loss during the year (0.30) (1.04)
Balance at the end of the year 188.26 36.71
Total Other Equity  21,824.81  14,492.37 
16 Non Current Financial Liabilities - Borrowings
Term Loans 
Secured
From Banks  508.33  1,322.99 
From Non Banking Financial Company  88.19  -   
Unsecured
From Banks  50.09  134.81 
 646.60  1,457.80 
Less: Current maturities of long-term loan (included in note 20)
Secured
From Banks  302.72  427.40 
From Non Banking Financial Company  7.74  -   
Unsecured
From Banks  50.09  83.25 
 360.55  510.65 
Total  286.05  947.15 
Non Current Liablities - Long Term Borrowings
Secured
From Banks  205.61  895.59 
From Non Banking Financial Company  80.44  -   
 286.05  895.59 
Unsecured
From Banks  -    51.56 
 -    51.56 
Total  286.05  947.15 
===== PDF PAGE 179 =====
178
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
15.1  Nature of Security & terms of Repayment of secured borowing :
FY 2024-25
Particulars Security Currency Rate of 
interest
Non - 
Current
Current
1) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 20 
monthly instalments of 0.98  lakhs,   
ending  on 07 November 2026.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 7.00%  7.70  10.90 
2) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 24 
monthly instalments of 1.28  lakhs,   
ending on 07 March 2027.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 6.80%  14.82  13.85 
3) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 8 monthly 
instalments of 0.35 lakh, ending  
on 10 November 2025.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 8.01%  -    2.61 
4) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 32 monthly 
instalments of 0.63 lakh, ending  
on 07 November 2027.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 8.85%  11.71  6.24 
5) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 55 monthly 
instalments of 0.84 lakh & 60th 
additionally last Instalment of 52 
lakh ending on 1 October 2029.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 10.50%  65.75  3.07 
6) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 45 
monthly instalments of 1.37 lakh 
& 48th instalment of `55.96 Lakh ,   
ending on 07 December 2028.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 10.25%  80.44  7.74 
7) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 13 monthly 
instalments of 14.58 lakh, ending  
on 03 March 2026.
Extention of ranking charge over 
existing primary and collateral 
securities including mortgages 
created in favour of the Bank. 
INR MCLR 
+1%
 14.58  175.00 
8) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 24 monthly 
instalments of 7.59 lakh, ending  
on 10 March 2027.
Extention of ranking charge over 
existing primary and collateral 
securities including mortgages 
created in favour of the Bank. 
INR MCLR 
+1%
 91.05  91.05 
Total 286.05 310.46
===== PDF PAGE 180 =====
179
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
FY 2023-24
Particulars Security Currency Rate of 
interest
Non - 
Current
Current
1) Term loan from banks 
Repayable in 1 quaterly instalment 
of Rs 39.60 Lakhs & balance 6 
Quaterly instalments of Rs 94.80 
Lakhs from 07 December 2024  
and ending  on 23 june 2026. 
*Balance outstanding is net of Pre 
Payments of Rs 150 Lakhs made 
during the year.
Security Details : 1) 1st Charge Pari 
Passu by way of Hypothecation on 
Current Assets and All Movable 
Fixed  Assets(excluding vehicles) 
both present and Future. Other 
charge sharing bank/ institutions: 
HDFC Bank  2) Sole Charge 
by way of Equitable Mortgage 
on Property/ FD.  3) Personal 
Guarantee of Director
INR  MCLR 3 
Month
 474.02  134.41 
2) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 32 monthly 
instalments of 0.98 lakhs, ending  
on 07 November 2026.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 7.00%  18.60  10.17 
3) Vehichle Loan  
- Repayable in balance 36 monthly 
instalments of 1.28 lakhs, ending  
on 07 March 2027.
 Motor Vehicle (Hypothecation) INR 6.80%  28.67  12.94 
4) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 24 monthly 
instalments of 14.58 lakh, ending  
on 03 March 2026.
Extention of ranking charge over 
existing primary and collateral 
securities including mortgages 
created in favour of the Bank. 
INR MCLR +1%  189.58  175.00 
5) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 36 monthly 
instalments of 7.59 lakh, ending  
on 10 March 2027.
Extention of ranking charge over 
existing primary and collateral 
securities including mortgages 
created in favour of the Bank. 
INR MCLR +1%  182.10  91.05 
6) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 20 monthly 
instalments of 0.35 lakh, ending  
on 10 November 2025.
 Motor Vehicle INR 8.01%  2.61  3.83 
Total 895.59 427.40
16.2  Nature of Security & terms of Repayment of unsecured borowing :  
     
FY 2024-25
Particulars Security Currency Rate of 
interest
Non - 
Current
Current
1) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 8 monthly instalments of 
6.93 lakh,   ending  on 30 December 2025.
Unsecured INR MCLR 3M + 
1.10
 -    50.09 
FY 2023-24
Particulars Security Currency Rate of 
interest
Non - 
Current
Current
1) Term loan from banks 
- Repayable in balance 21 monthly instalments of 
6.93 lakh,   ending  on 30 December 2025.
Unsecured INR MCLR 3M + 
1.10
 51.56  83.25 
===== PDF PAGE 181 =====
180
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st  March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
17 LEASE LIABILITIES -NON-CURRENT 
Lease Liabilities 6,433.54 186.48
Refer Note no 31.9
6,433.54 186.48
18 LONG TERM PROVISIONS
Provision for employee benefits: 
i) Provision for other defined benefit plans
 - Gratuity (Refer Note 31.2) 362.39 287.38
ii) Leave Encashment 51.65 59.37
Total 414.04 346.76
19 OTHER NON CURRENT LIABILITIES
Unpaid Dividends 16.08 15.10
Total 16.08 15.10
20 CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - BORROWINGS
Secured
Loans repayable on demand
Working Capital Loans :
-Working Capital Loans From Banks 4,542.11 1,861.56
-Current maturities of long-term debt 310.46 427.40
(Refer Note no. 16.1 & 16.2)
Unsecured
-Current maturities of long-term debt 50.09 83.25
(Refer Note no. 16.1 & 16.2)
Total 4,902.66 2,372.21
20.1 Working capital loans are secured by hypothecation of present and future 
stock, book debts, outstanding monies,receivables, claims, bills, material in 
transit, Bank Fixed Deposits and Fixed Assets and personal guarantees of 
directors. 
21 LEASE LIABILITIES - CURRENT 
Lease Liabilities 2,261.27 70.93
Refer Note no. 31.9
Total 2,261.27 70.93
22 TRADE PAYABLES
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 197.20 6.32
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
39,362.52 38,198.19
Total 39,559.72 38,204.51
===== PDF PAGE 182 =====
181
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
22.1  Trade Payable ageing Schedule  
    
 Ageing for trade payables outstanding as at March 31, 2025 is as follows:
Particulars Less than 
1 year
1-2 yrs 2-3 yrs More than 
3 years
Total
MSME  197.20  -    -    -    197.20 
Others  39,355.50  4.26  1.99  0.78  39,362.52 
Disputed dues- MSME  -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed dues- Others  -    -    -    -    -   
Ageing Schedule is in respect of overdue cases including where no due date of payment is specified.
 Ageing for trade payables outstanding as at March 31, 2024 is as follows:
Particulars Less than 
1 year
1-2 yrs 2-3 yrs More than 
3 years
Total
MSME  6.32  -    -    -    6.32 
Others  38,068.60  56.28  35.68  37.63  38,198.19 
Disputed dues- MSME  -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed dues- Others  -    -    -    -    -   
Ageing Schedule is in respect of overdue cases including where no due date of payment is specified.
     
22.2 To the best of the knowledge of the Management, there are no unbilled dues payable to any supplier or service provider.
22.3 The Company has certain dues to suppliers registered under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises 
Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act). The disclosures pursuant to the said MSMED Act are as follows :    
            
Particulars As at
31 Mar, 2025
As at
31 Mar, 2024
Principal amount due and remaining unpaid 197.20 6.32
Interest due and unpaid on the above amount  -    -   
Interest paid by the Company in terms of section 16 of the Micro, Small and 
Medium enterprises Act, 2006
 -    -   
Payment made beyond the appointed day during the year  -    -   
Interest due and payable for the period of delay  -    -   
Interest accrued and remaining unpaid  -    -   
Amount of further interest remaining due and payable  -    -   
         
 Disclosure of payable to vendors as defined under the  “Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 
(MSMED Act) is based on the information available with the Company  regarding the status of registration of such vendors 
under the said Act, as per the intimation received from them on requests made by the Company. There are no overdue 
principal amounts/interest payable amounts for delayed payments to such vendors at the Balance Sheet date. There are 
no delays in payment made during the year.        
===== PDF PAGE 183 =====
182
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st  March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
23 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 432.12 572.82
Statutory Dues 302.73 252.93
Employee Related Payables - 4.71
Other payables
Total 734.84 830.46
24 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
Revenue from Information Technology Products 1,26,721.96 1,02,446.38
Total 1,26,721.96 1,02,446.38
a) The Company is engaged in systems Integration which includes the 
sales of products and services as a complete solution  
b) Disaggregate Revenue
The table below presents disaggregated revenues of the Company 
from contracts with customers by geography. The Company believes 
that this disaggregation best depicts how the nature, amount, timing 
and uncertainty of its revenues and cash flows are affected by industry, 
market and other economic factors.        
Total Revenue from contracts with customers
India 1,25,727.43 1,01,627.60
Export (Including deemed export) 990.43 815.89
Singapore (1) 4.10 2.89
Total 1,26,721.96 1,02,446.38
(1) Related to operations in  Singapore
c) Reconciliation between revenue with customers and contracted 
price:
Revenue as per contracted price 1,31,790.76 1,08,957.13
Less: Adjustements
Sales return (5,068.79) (6,510.74)
Revenue from contracts with Customers 1,26,721.96 1,02,446.38
d) Contract balances
The following table provides information about receivables from 
contracts with customers: 
Trade receivables 43,657.91 40,168.77
Allowance as per Expected credit loss model  -   -
Total 43,657.91 40,168.77
Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 90 to 120 days.
===== PDF PAGE 184 =====
183
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st  March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
25 Other Income
Interest income 548.65 397.39
Other Non-Operating Income 122.48 40.87
Others # 0.08 0.09
Total 671.21 438.36
# includes Miscellaneous income
26 PURCHASES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
Purchases of Information Technology Products 1,09,016.53 93,257.28
Total 1,09,016.53 93,257.28
27 CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
Inventories at close
Stock-in-Trade 5,823.74 7,338.86
5,823.74 7,338.86
Inventories at commencement
Stock-in-Trade 7,338.86 3,663.38
7,338.86 3,663.38
Total 1,515.12 (3,675.48)
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
Salaries and wages 4,081.94 3,570.40
Contributions to provident and other funds 190.88 178.15
Staff Welfare Expenses 93.37 106.65
Total 4,366.19 3,855.19
29 FINANCE COST
a) Interest on financial liabilities carried at amortised cost 560.01 35.02
b) Interest on borrowings 548.21 709.81
c) Others 213.27 133.99
1,321.49 878.82
30 Other Expenses
Electricity Expenses  14.76  12.88 
Rent  55.77  57.58 
Communication Expenses  23.75  20.52 
Auditors Remuneration (Refer Note 30.1 below)  9.50  12.48 
Bank Charges  6.12  8.19 
Conveyance And Travelling Expenses  354.07  431.99 
===== PDF PAGE 185 =====
184
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st  March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
Insurance Charges  26.45  18.69 
Legal & Professional Charges  174.76  130.78 
Membership & Subscription  18.10  40.29 
Miscellaneous Expenses (Refer Note 30.2 below)  79.33  66.75 
Corporate social responsibility expenditure (Refer Note 30.3 below)  92.67  52.31 
Motor Car Expenses  11.82  13.42 
Bad Debts Written off  -    6.82 
Printing & Stationary Expenses  24.79  18.62 
Rates & Taxes  58.23  47.71 
Repairs & Maintenance -Building  4.37  2.54 
Repairs & Maintenance - Others  4.04  4.80 
Sales Promotion Expenses  19.52  14.81 
Transportation Charges  317.06  249.09 
Total  1,295.11  1,210.26 
30.1 Auditors Remuneration
-  Audit Fees 9.50 9.50
- Other 0.00 2.98
Total 9.50 12.48
30.2 Miscellaneous Expenses includes office expenses postage & telegram exp etc.
30.3 Details of corporate social responsibility expenditure
(a) Amount required to be spent by the Company  92.63  52.17 
(b) Amount spent during the year on:
i Construction or acquisition of any asset  -    -   
ii On purposes other than (i) above
CSR Comitteee has identified & approved projects  which was paid 
as under.
Out of CSR fund of F.Y.- 24-25  92.67  -   
Out of CSR fund of F.Y.- 23-24  -    52.31 
iii Shortfall at the end of the year out of the amount required  -    -   
to be spent by the Company during the year;
iv Total of previous years shortfall  -    -   
v Reason for shortfall Not Applicable Not Applicable
vi Nature of CSR activities "Promoting education, Healthcare, 
Eradicating hunger,poverty, animal 
Welfare, Promoting art and culture 
and Measures for the benefit of 
armed forces veterans, war widows 
and their dependents"
vii Details of related party transactions:
Josh Foundation 20.00 -
===== PDF PAGE 186 =====
185
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
Additional Information to the financial statements 
31.1.Earnings per share (EPS)
Particulars Units Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Profit after Tax (`/lakhs) 7,241.44 5,381.94
Weighted Number of Equity Shares Nos. Lakhs 127.16 126.93
Earnings Per Share (of paid up Value of ` 10 each) Basic ` 57.01 42.41
Weighted average number of shares outstanding and dilutive 
shares
Nos. Lakhs 127.29 127.05
Earnings Per Share (of paid up Value of ` 10 each) Diluted ` 56.95 42.37
31.2.EMPLOYEE BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
Defined benefit plans – Gratuity:
Gratuity is payable to all the members at the rate of 15 days salary for each year of service. In accordance with applicable 
Indian laws, the Company provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan (“the Gratuity Plan”) covering eligible 
employees. The Gratuity Plan provides for a lump sum payment to vested employees on retirement (subject to completion 
of five years of continuous employment), death, incapacitation or termination of employment that are based on last drawn 
salary and tenure of employment. Liabilities with regard to the Gratuity Plan are determined by actuarial valuation on the 
reporting date. 
The following table sets out the status of the Gratuity Plan and the amounts recognized in the financial statement:   
                           (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 2024
Amount (`) Amount (`)
I. Assumptions :   
 Discount Rate 6.73% 7.19%
 Salary escalation rate 5.00% 5.00%
II. Table Showing Change in Benefit Obligation:   
 Liability at the beginning of the year 287.38 202.27
 Current Service Cost 109.90 94.22
Benefits Paid (34.90) (9.10)
 Balance 362.39 287.38
 Liability at the end of the year 362.39 287.38
III. Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet   
 Liability at the end of the year 362.39 287.38
 Difference Adjusted - -
 Amount Recognized in the Balance Sheet 362.39 287.38
IV. Expenses Recognized in the Income Statement:   
 Current Service Cost 58.56 43.34
 Expense Recognized in P & L  58.56 43.34
 V. Expenses Recognized in the OCI:   
 Current Service Cost (51.34) (50.88)
 Expense Recognized in P & L  (51.34) (50.88)
===== PDF PAGE 187 =====
186
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
 Maturity Analysis of the Benefit Payments
             (` in Lakhs)
Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years From the Date of Reporting
 Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
1st Following Year 17.51 13.52
2nd Following Year 11.23 7.93
3rd Following Year 23.44 14.07
4th Following Year 11.27 13.89
5th Following Year 19.20 9.61
Sum of Years 6 To 10 134.33 107.63
Sum of Years 11 and above 665.22 595.95
 Sensitivity Analysis
                        (` in Lakhs)
 Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Year Ended 
March 31, 2024
Projected Benefit Obligation on Current Assumptions 362.39 287.38
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Discounting (36.74) (29.75)
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Discounting 43.31 35.09
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase 42.82 34.71
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase (36.86) (29.84)
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover 5.11 5.94
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover (5.96) (6.85)
The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions 
occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant. The sensitivity analysis 
presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the projected benefit obligation as it is unlikely that 
the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may be correlated. 
Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the projected benefit obligation has been 
calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same method as applied 
in calculating the projected benefit obligation as recognised in the balance sheet. There was no change in the methods 
and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
Defined contribution plans
 The Company also has certain defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund in India for employees 
at the rate 12% of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered by 
the government. The obligations of the Company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual nor 
any constructive obligation. Employer’s contribution to Provident Fund during the year is 139.05 Lakh (P.Y. 126.53 Lakhs)
31.3.Employee Stock Option Plan
 The Company had a Dynacons - Employees Stock Option Plan 2020 (ESOP – 2020) which provided for the grant 
of equity shares of the Company to the eligible employees of the Company.  The Board of Directors recommended 
the establishment of the ESOP 2020 on September 03, 2020 and shareholders approved the recommendations of the 
Board of Directors in Annual General Meeting held on September 30, 2020. ESOP- 2020 was further amended by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Board of Directors of the Company at their meetings held on March 10, 
2022 in accordance with SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (SEBI SBEB 
and Sweat Equity Regulations). The maximum aggregate number of shares that may be awarded on the grant of stock 
===== PDF PAGE 188 =====
187
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
options under ESOP 2020 is 15,00,000 equity shares. Under ESOP 2020, the Company had approved grant vide its 
Nomination and Remuneration committee meeting held on August 10, 2022 under ESOP 2020. As per the plan, option 
granted under ESOP- 2020 would vest over a period of 1 year to 2 years from the date of grant of such options. The Plan 
is Equity Settled Plan.
Particulars Grant I Grant II Grant III
ESOP 2020
Date of Grant August 10, 2022 August 10, 2022 January 09, 2025
Date of Share holders Approval September 30, 2020 September 30, 2020 September 30, 2020
Date of Board of Directors Approval / 
Committee
September 03, 2020 September 03, 2020 September 03, 2020
No. of Option 21550 11950 12750
Method of settlement (Cash/Equity) Equity Equity Equity
Vesting Period 1 Years 2 Years 1 Years
Exercise Price (Per Share ` ) Rs 10 Rs 10 Rs 10
Exercise Period Options vested may 
be exercised by the 
Option Grantee within a 
maximum period of two 
Year from the date of last 
vesting of Options.
Hence maximum term 
of Options granted is 3 
years
Options vested may 
be exercised by the 
Option Grantee within a 
maximum period of two 
Year from the date of last 
vesting of Options.
Hence maximum term 
of Options granted is  4 
years
Options vested may
be exercised by the 
Option Grantee within a 
maximum period of two 
Year from the date of last 
vesting of Options.
Hence maximum term 
of Options granted is 3 
years
Ext. of Exercise Period None None None
 Reconciliation of Employee’s Stock Options
Particulars As on 31 March, 2025 As on 31 March, 2024
DSSL ESOP 2020 DSSL ESOP 2020
Grant I Grant II Grant III Grant I Grant II
1    Outstanding at the beginning    
–    Shares arising out of options - 11,950 - 20,800 11,950
–    Weighted average exercise price  - 10 - 10 10
2    New option granted during the year    
–    Shares arising out of options 400 - - - - 
–    Weighted average exercise price 10 - - - - 
3    Forfeited and expired
–    Shares arising out of options 100 - 50 350 - 
–    Weighted average exercise price 10 - 10 10 - 
4    Options Exercised during the year    
–    Shares arising out of options 250 11,950 - 20,050 - 
–    Weighted average exercise price 10 10 - 10 - 
5    Outstanding at the end    
–    Shares arising out of options - - 12700 - 11,950
–    Weighted average exercise price - - 10 - 10
6    Exercisable at the end    
–    Shares arising out of options 50 - - 400 - 
–    Weighted average exercise price 10 - - 10 - 
===== PDF PAGE 189 =====
188
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
31.4. Related Party Disclosures
a. The names of related parties and the nature of relationship are as under:
 (i) Holding Company
 Dynacons Systems & Solutions Limited
(ii) Entities in which Directors or their relatives are interested and with whom transaction taken place
 S. P. Corporation
 Trigem Infosolutions Limited
 Josh Foundation
 Global Bhatia Benevolent Foundation
(iii) Key Managerial Personnel
 a) Executive Director
      Shirish M. Anjaria
      Parag J. Dalal  
      Dharmesh S. Anjaria
 b) Other than Directors
  Pooja Patwa (Company Secretary & Compliance Officer)
(iv) Non-Executive Director and Independent Director
        Jitesh Jain (Resigned w.e.f 04/03/2025)
        Archana Phadke
 Vijay Maganlal Doshi 
 Ashok Rajagiri Bhumaiah (Appointed w.e.f 05/03/2025)
(v) Other Related Party (Significant Influences)
     Jigna D Anjaria
    Dharmesh S Anjaria (HUF)
     Parag J Dalal (HUF)
     Devangi Parag Dalal
     Shirish M Anjaria (HUF)
     Nilam Shirish Anjaria
     Pankti Dalal
     Dhvani Dalal
 The transactions with the related parties during the normal course of business are as under
Party Nature of Payment 2025 (`/lakhs) 2024 (`/lakhs)
M/s S.P. Corporation Rent for Premises 1.80 1.80
M/s S.P. Corporation Reimbursement of Expenses 4.37 2.49
Mr. Shirish M. Anjaria Remuneration 138.00 120.00
Mr. Parag J. Dalal Remuneration 126.00 108.00
Mr. Dharmesh S. Anjaria Remuneration 126.00 108.00
Ms. Pooja Patwa Remuneration 12.40 10.20
Josh Foundation Corporate social responsibility expenditure 20.00 -
Global Bhatia Benevolent 
Foundation
Advertisement Expenses 0.25 -
 
 Notes : Service transactions with related parties are made at arm's length price.
===== PDF PAGE 190 =====
189
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
31.5. Segment Information
The Company operates in the segment of Systems Integration and Services. The Company has identified Technology 
Workforce Augmentation Services as a focus business segment from the existing services provided by the Company. 
Hence the two business segments, which forms the operating segments for segment reporting are:
- System Integration
- Technology Workforce Augmentation Services
 Revenue and expenses directly attributable to segments are reported under each reportable segment. Expenses which 
are not directly identifiable to each reporting segment have been allocated on the basis of associated revenue of the 
segment. All other expenses which are not attributable or allocable to segments have been disclosed as unallocable 
expenses. The assets and liabilities of the Group are used interchangeably amongst segments. Allocation of such assets 
and liabilities is not practicable and any forced allocation would not result in any meaningful segregation. Hence assets 
and liabilities have not been identified to any of the reportable segments.      
                                                                                  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars
 
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Segment Revenue
- System Integration 1,25,506.34 101,925.22
- Technology Workforce Augmentation Services 1,215.63 521.16
Total Income from Operations 1,26,721.97 102,446.38
Segment Results   
- System Integration 10,278.34 7,774.71
- Technology Workforce Augmentation Services 587.64 24.44
 10,865.97 7,799.15
Finance Costs 1,321.49 878.82
unallocable Expenses 501.58 151.94
Other income 671.21 438.36
Profit before tax 9,714.11 7,206.72
Tax expense 2,465.05 1,824.78
Profit after tax 7,249.06 5,381.94
31.6. Contingent Liabilities
 a) Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts: 
Particulars Period to which the amount 
relates 
Forum where the dispute is 
pending
2025 (`/lakhs) 2024 (`/lakhs)
GST FY 2018-19 Appeal To Appellate Authority 9.64 9.64
 
 b)  Guarantees given by the company’s bankers 14645.70 lakhs (previous year ` 8522.72 lakhs) 
===== PDF PAGE 191 =====
190
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
31.7. Financial Instruments
A. Capital  Management :
 The Company manages its capital structure with a view to ensure that it will be able to continue as a going concern while 
maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance.
The capital structure of the Company consists of net debt (borrowings as detailed in notes 16 and 20) and total equity (as 
detailed in notes 14 and 15) of the Company.
The Company's management reviews the capital structure of the Company on an annual basis. As part of this review, the 
management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital.
 The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:
                      (` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
Non-current borrowings 286.05 947.15
Current maturities of non-current borrowings 360.55 510.65
Current borrowings 4,542.11 1,861.56
Total Debt 5,188.71 3,319.36
Equity 23,110.59 15,767.35
Net debt to equity ratio 0.22 0.21
 For the purpose of computing debt to equity ratio, equity includes Equity Share Capital and Other Equity and Debt 
includes Long term borrowings, short term borrowings and current maturities of long term borrowings.
B. Financial Instruments-Accounting Classifications and Fair value measurements (Ind AS 107) 
i) Classification of Financial Assets and Liabilities:
                     (` in Lakhs)
 
Particulars
As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
Financial Assets   
Measured at amortised cost   
Trade receivables 43,657.91 40,168.77
Cash and cash equivalents 3,468.98 286.30
Bank balances other than above 6,985.26 8,523.51
Short Term Loans and advances 361.02 62.39
Other Financial Assets 8,705.47 696.70
Designated at fair value through other comprehensive income   
Investments in Mutual Fund Units 79.46 70.69
Total 63,258.09 49,808.35
Financial Liabilities   
Measured at amortised cost   
Long-Term Borrowings 286.05 947.15
Lease Liabilities 8,694.81 257.41
Short-Term Borrowings 4,902.66 2,372.21
Trade Payables 39,559.72 38,204.51
Total 53,443.24 41,781.28
===== PDF PAGE 192 =====
191
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
ii) Fair Value Measurements (Ind AS 113):
Fair value measurement hierarchy
The Company records certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company 
determines fair values based on the price it would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date and in the principal or most advantageous market for 
that asset or liability.
The Company holds certain fixed income investments and other financial assets, which must be measured using the fair 
value hierarchy and related valuation methodologies. The guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based 
on whether the inputs to each measurement are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data 
obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s assumptions about current market 
conditions. The fair value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use 
of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
Financial assets and Financial liabilities measured at fair value in the balance sheet are grouped into three Levels of fair 
value hierarchy. These levels are based on the observability of significant inputs to the measurement, as follows:
>  Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
>  Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either 
directly or indirectly
>  Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
 The following table shows the Levels within the hierarchy of financial and non-financial assets and liabilities measured at 
fair value on a recurring basis at 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024:
(a) Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for assets as at the reporting date:      
 (` in Lakhs)
Fair value measurement using
Quoted prices 
in active 
markets
Significant  
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
Date of 
valuation
Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
Financial Assets Fair value 
through Other Comprehensive 
Income Investments in quoted - 
equity instrument
31-Mar-25 79.46 79.46 - -
31-Mar-24 70.69 70.69 - -
 There have been no transfers between levels during the year. Investment in quoted equity instrument are valued based 
on the quoted prices available in the market as at the reporting date.The following tables shows a reconciliation from the 
opening balance to the closing balance for level 1 fair values:
                     (` in Lakhs)
Particulars Total FVTOCI financial 
investments
Balance as at 31 March, 2023 50.35 50.35
Addition / (Deletion) during the year 20.34 20.34
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 70.69 70.69
Addition / (Deletion) during the year 8.77 8.77
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 79.46 79.46
===== PDF PAGE 193 =====
192
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
 Loans, cash and bank balances, trade receivables, other financial assets, trade payables, and other financial liabilities 
have fair values that approximate to their carrying amounts due to their short-term nature.
31.8.Nature and extent of risks arising from financial instruments and respective financial risk management objectives 
and policies
 The Company’s principal financial liabilities comprise of loans and borrowings, trade and other payables, and financial 
guarantee contracts. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations and to provide 
guarantees to support its and group companies operations. The Company’s principal financial assets include loans, trade 
and other receivables, investments, cash and short-term deposits that derive directly from its operations. The Company 
also enters into derivative transactions to hedge and holds short term investments. The Company is exposed to market 
risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s senior management oversees the management of these risks. The 
Company’s senior management is supported by the Group Treasury Team that advises on financial risks and the appropriate 
financial risk governance framework in accordance with the Company’s policies and risk objectives. All derivative activities 
for risk management purposes are carried out by Group Treasury Team that have the appropriate skills, experience 
and supervision. It is the Group’s policy that no trading in derivatives for speculative purposes may be undertaken. 
The Board of Directors review and agree on policies for managing each of these risks, which are summarised below:
a) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty fails to discharge an obligation to the Company. The Company is exposed 
to this risk for various financial instruments, for example trade receivables, investment in mutual funds etc.
Trade and other receivables
Customer credit is managed by each business unit subject to the Company's established policies, procedures and 
control relating to customer credit risk management. Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 
90 to 120 days credit term. Credit limits are established for all customers based on internal rating criteria. Outstanding 
customer receivables are regularly monitored.
An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a 
large number of minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively. 
The Company does not hold collateral as security. The Company has no concentration of credit risk as the customer 
base is widely distributed both economically and geographically.
The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and Expected Credit Loss Allowance for 
trade and other receivables:
                              (` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
31st March, 2025
As at
31st March, 2024
0-180 days 40595.38 38,506.00
More than 180 Days 3062.52 1,662.77
Total 43657.91 40,168.77
The Company measures the expected credit loss of trade receivables based on historical trend, industry practices 
and the business environment in which the entity operates. Loss rates are based on actual credit loss experience 
and past trends. 
The Company continuously monitors defaults of customers and other counterparties, identified either individually or 
by the Company, and incorporates this information into its credit risk controls. The Company’s policy is to transact 
only with counterparties who are highly creditworthy which are assessed based on internal due diligence parameters. 
In respect of trade receivables, the Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk exposure to any single 
counterparty or any group of counterparties having similar characteristics. Trade receivables consist of a large 
number of customers in various geographical areas. Based on historical information about customer default rates 
management consider the credit quality of trade receivables that are not past due or impaired to be good.
===== PDF PAGE 194 =====
193
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
Other financial assets
The Company maintains exposure in cash and cash equivalents, term deposits with banks, investments in 
Debentures, Preference shares, mutual funds, derivative contracts and loan to subsidiary companies. The Company 
has diversified portfolio of investment with various number of counter-parties which have secure credit ratings hence 
the risk is reduced. Individual risk limits are set for each counter-party based on financial position, credit rating and 
past experience. Credit limits and concentration of exposures are actively monitored by the Management of the 
Company.
b) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is that the Company might be unable to meet its obligations. The Company manages its liquidity needs 
by monitoring scheduled debt servicing payments for long-term financial liabilities as well as forecast cash inflows 
and outflows due in day-to-day business. The data used for analysing these cash flows is consistent with that used 
in the contractual maturity analysis below. Liquidity needs are monitored in various time bands, on a day-to-day and 
week-to week basis, as well as on a monthly, quarterly, and yearly basis depending on the business needs. Net cash 
requirements are compared to available borrowing facilities in order to determine headroom or any shortfalls. This 
analysis shows that available borrowing facilities are expected to be sufficient over the lookout period. 
Liquidity risk is managed by Company through effective fund management. The Company's principal sources 
of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and the cash flow that is generated from operations. The 
Company believes that current cash and cash equivalents, tied up borrowing lines and cash flow that is generated 
from operations is sufficient to meet requirements. Accordingly, liquidity risk is perceived to be low.
The Company considers expected cash flows from financial assets in assessing and managing liquidity risk, in 
particular its cash resources and trade receivables. The Company’s existing cash resources and trade receivables 
significantly exceed the current cash outflow requirements. Cash flows from trade receivables are all contractually 
due within 90 -120 days based on the credit period. The Company’s objective is to maintain a balance between 
continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank overdrafts, and short-term borrowings. The Company 
assessed the concentration of risk with respect to refinancing its debt and concluded it to be low. The Company has 
access to a sufficient variety of sources of funding.
         The Company’s non-derivative financial liabilities have contractual maturities as summarised below:
                                                                                                           (` in Lakhs)
Particular  Carrying amount Contractual cash flows
Upto 1 year More than 1 year
As at 31 March 2025
Borrowings 4,542.11 4,542.11 -
Trade Payables 39,559.72 39,559.72 -
Long-Term Borrowings (Borrowings (including 
Current Maturities of Long-Term Debts)
646.60 360.55 286.05
As at 31 March 2024
Borrowings 1,861.56 1,861.56 -
Trade Payables 38,204.51 38,204.51 -
Long-Term Borrowings (Borrowings (including 
Current Maturities of Long-Term Debts)
1,457.80 510.65 947.15
c) Market risk
The Company is exposed to market risk through its use of financial instruments and specifically to currency risk, 
interest rate risk and certain other price risks, which result from both its operating and investing activities.
===== PDF PAGE 195 =====
194
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
Foreign currency risk
Most of the Company’s transactions are carried out in Indian rupees. Exposures to currency exchange rates arise 
from the Company’s overseas sales and purchases, which are primarily denominated in US dollars (USD) 
To mitigate the Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk, cash flows are continuously monitored. 
Foreign currency denominated financial assets and financial liabilities which expose the Company to currency risk 
are disclosed below. The amounts shown are those reported to key management translated at the closing rate: -
   (` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Financial assets 
Trade receivables 410.87 183.04
Net exposure for assets 410.87 183.04
 
Financial liabilities 
Trade Payables 97.96   26.71
Net exposure for liabilities 97.96   26.71
Net exposure (Assets - Liabilities) 312.91 156.33
The company has not entered in any forward contract for hedging or otherwise in respect of foreign currencies during   
the year, and there are no such contracts outstanding at the end of the year.
Sensitivity analysis
The following table details the Company’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in the Rupee against the relevant 
foreign currencies. 5% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management 
personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. 
This is mainly attributable to the net exposure outstanding on receivables or payables in the Company at the end 
of the reporting period. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary 
items and adjusts their translation at the period end for a 5% charge in foreign currency rate. This analysis assumes 
that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecast sales and 
purchases. In cases where the related foreign exchange fluctuation is capitalised to fixed assets or recognised 
directly in reserves, the impact indicated below may affect the Company's income statement over the remaining life 
of the related fixed assets or the remaining tenure of the borrowing respectively.
 
  Impact on profit or loss
Movement in currency 
(Before tax)
Increase in Exchange rate by 5% Decrease in Exchange rate by 5%
Particulars For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
USD 15.65 7.82 (15.65) (7.82)
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because 
of changes in market interest rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates are 
managed by borrowing at fixed interest rates. During the year Company did not have any floating rate borrowings.
The Company's investments in term deposits (i.e. certificates of deposits) with banks, investments in preference 
shares, mutual funds and debentures are at fixed interest rate and therefore do not expose the company to significant 
interest rate risk.
===== PDF PAGE 196 =====
195
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
Interest Rate Exposure 
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year 
ended 31st March, 
2025
For the year 
ended 31st March, 
2024
Variable Rate Borrowings 4,963.88 3,311.68
Fixed Rate Borrowings 224.83 7.68
 5,188.71 3,319.36
     Interest rate sensitivities for floating rate borrowings: 
(` in Lakhs)
Movement in rate Increase in Interest rate by 0.25% Decrease in Interest rate by 0.25%
Particulars For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
Variable rate 
borrowings
12.40 8.28 (12.40) (8.28)
Interest rate sensitivity has been calculated assuming the borrowings outstanding at the reporting date have been 
outstanding for the entire reporting period.
31.9. Lease Commitments 
 (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31st March, 2025 31st March, 2024
Balance at the beginning of the year             257.41 319.93
Leased liability recognised during the year          9,549.85           -          
Reversals - -
Finance cost accrued during the period             560.01 35.02
Payment of lease liabilities (1,672.46) (97.54)
Balance at the end          8,694.81 257.41
Lease Liability – Current          2,261.27 70.93
Lease Liability - Non-Current 6433.54 186.48
Expenses relating to short term leases and low value assets have been disclosed under Rent in Note. 30
Lease contracts entered by the Company majorly pertains for premises taken on lease to conduct its business in the 
ordinary course. The Company does not have any lease restrictions and commitment towards variable rent as per the 
contract. The leases that the Company has entered with lessors towards properties used as offices are long term in nature.
31.10. Disclosures as required under schedule III to the Companies Act 2013 with respect to Consolidated Financial 
Statements
                                                                                                     (` in Lakhs)
Name of the 
entity
 
Net Assets, i.e., total 
assets minus total 
liabilities
Share in profit or loss Share in Other comprehensive 
income
Share in Total 
comprehensive income
As % of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amount As % of 
consolidated 
profit or loss
Amount As % of 
consolidated Other 
comprehensive 
income
Amount As % of 
consolidated 
profit or loss
Amount
Holding Company         
Dynacons 
Systems & 
Solutions Ltd. (31 
March 2025)
99.92% 23,091.97 99.89% 7,241.44 100.00% (31.45) 99.89% 7,209.99
===== PDF PAGE 197 =====
196
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
Name of the 
entity
 
Net Assets, i.e., total 
assets minus total 
liabilities
Share in profit or loss Share in Other comprehensive 
income
Share in Total 
comprehensive income
As % of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amount As % of 
consolidated 
profit or loss
Amount As % of 
consolidated Other 
comprehensive 
income
Amount As % of 
consolidated 
profit or loss
Amount
Dynacons 
Systems & 
Solutions Ltd. 31 
Ma 24) 
99.93% 15,756.51 100.26% 5,396.03 100.00% (55.80) 100.26% 5,340.23
Subsidiaries
Dynacons 
Systems & 
Solutions PTE Ltd. 
( 31 March 2025)
(0.06%) (13.40) 0.41% 29.64 - - 0.41% 29.64
Dynacons 
Systems & 
Solutions PTE Ltd. 
( 31 March 2024)
0.02% 3.51 (0.21%) (11.43) - - (0.21%) (11.43)
Cybercons Infosec 
Private Limited (31 
March 2025)
0.14% 32.02 (0.30%) (22.02) - - (0.31%) (22.02)
Cybercons Infosec 
Private Limited (31 
March 2024)
0.05% 7.34 (0.05%) (2.66) - - (0.05%) (2.66)
Total
31 March 2025 100.00% 23,110.59 100.00% 7,249.06 100.00% (31.45) 100.00% 7,217.61
31 March 2024 100.00% 15,767.35 100.00% 5,381.94 100.00% (55.80) 100.00% 5,326.14
31.11. KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS
No. Ratio As at 31 
March 
2025
As at 31 
March 
2024
% Variance Remarks
1 
 
 
Current ratio (in times) 1.36 1.39 (2.53%) Not Applicable
Numerator: Total current assets
Denominator: Total current liabilities
2 
 
 
Debt- Equity ratio (times) 0.22 0.21 6.66% Not Applicable
Numerator: Debt consists of borrowings 
Denominator: Total equity
3 
 
 
Debt service coverage ratio (in 
times)
4.15 8.66 (52.11%) Decrease in ratio due 
increase in interest cost 
because of addition in lease 
interest unwinding.
Numerator: Earning for Debt Service 
= Net Profit after taxes + Non-cash 
operating expenses + Interest +Other 
non-cash adjustments
Denominator: Debt service = Interest + 
Principal repayments s
4 
 
 
Return on equity ratio (in %) 37.31% 41.02% (9.05%) Not Applicable
Numerator: Profit for the year 
Denominator: Average total equity
===== PDF PAGE 198 =====
197
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
No. Ratio As at 31 
March 
2025
As at 31 
March 
2024
% Variance Remarks
5 
 
Trade receivables turnover ratio (in 
times)
3.02 2.92 3.69% Not Applicable
Numerator: Revenue from operations
 Denominator: Average trade 
receivables
6 
 
 
Trade payables turnover ratio (in 
times)
2.84 2.98 (4.61%) Not Applicable
 
 Numerator: Cost of Goods Sold
Denominator: Average trade payables
7 Inventory turnover ratio (in time) 19.25 18.62 3.39%
Numerator: Net Sales 
Denominator: Average Inventory
 8
 
 
Net Working capital turnover ratio (in 
times)
7.47 6.29 18.77%  Not Applicable
Numerator: Revenue from operations
Denominator: working capital (i.e., 
Total current assets less Total current 
liabilities)
9 
 
 
Net profit ratio (in %) 5.72% 5.25% 8.89% Not Applicable
Numerator: Profit for the year
Denominator: Revenue from operations
10
 
 
Return on capital employed (in %) 38.90% 38.19% 1.85% Not Applicable
Numerator: Profit before tax and 
finance costs
Denominator: Average Capital 
employed (Capital Employed: Total 
Equity+ Borrowings)
11
 
 
Return on investment (in %) 1.41% 54.29% (97.40%) Due to gain on sale of 
Investment in PY Numerator: Income generated from 
invested funds
 
Denominator: Average invested funds 
in treasury investments
  
 Variance in ratios +/-25% are explained in all other cases they are shown as “Not Applicable”
31.12. The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Digital Assets during the year.
 Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read with Companies 
(Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017
===== PDF PAGE 199 =====
198
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended  31st March, 2025     
31.13. UTILISATION OF BORROWED FUNDS AND SHARE PREMIUM
a) During the year, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium 
or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities 
("Intermediaries"), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the intermediary shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the Company ("Ultimately Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
b) During the year, no funds have been received by the Company from any persons or entities, including foreign entities 
("Funding Parties"), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company, shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party ("Ultimate Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
31.14. COMPLIANCE WITH APPROVED SCHEME(S) OF ARRANGEMENTS
 Company has not prepared any Scheme of Arrangements in terms of sections 230 to 237 of the Companies Act, 2013.
31.15. The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Digital Assets during the year.
Description Amount
Profit/Loss on transactions involving crypto/VDA Nil
Amount of currency held as at reporting date Nil
Deposits/advances from any purpose of trading/investing in crypto currency/virtual currency Nil
31.16. The management have neither come across any instance of fraud on or by the Company, noticed or reported during 
the financial year.
31.17. The Company does not hold any benami property and no proceedings have been initiated or pending against the 
company for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules 
made thereunder.
31.18. There are no charges or satisfaction yet to be registered with Registrar of companies (ROC).
31.19. The Company did not have any transactions which had not been recorded in the books of accounts that had been 
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, 
search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
31.20. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company.
As per our report of even date  attached     For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
For M S P & CO.         Dynacons Systems & Solutions Ltd.  
Chartered Accountants        CIN No: L72200MH1995PLC093130  
Firm Registration 107565W      
            Shirish Anjaria      Parag Dalal
            Chairman cum Managing Director  Whole-time/Executive Director
            DIN : 00444104      DIN : 00409894
              
M. S. PARIKH          Dharmesh Anjaria     Pooja Patwa
Partner           Whole-time/Executive Director &    Company Secretary & 
Membership No. 08684        Chief Financial Officer(CFO)   Compliance Officer
            DIN : 00445009      Membership No. A60986         
Mumbai :  May 24, 2025 
===== PDF PAGE 200 =====

===== PDF PAGE 201 =====
GET IN TOUCH
Address
78, Ratnajyot Industrial Estate. Irla Lane
Vile Parle (w), Mumbai 400056. India
Phone 
+91-22-6688 9900
Email
Sales@dynacons.com
Website
www.dynacons.com
