
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 15th May, 2026 
 
Sub: Transcript of earning call held on 12th May, 2026 for Q4 and year ended 31st 
March, 26.  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 & 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed transcript of the earning call held on 12th May, 2026 
for the quarter and year ended March 31,2026. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record and confirm compliance. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Aurionpro Solutions Limited  
 
 
 
 
Ninad Kelkar  
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
PJ. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001 
Script Code: 532668 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -400051 
Script Code: AURIONPRO 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
 
“Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH RAI – GROUP CEO & VICE CHAIRMAN – 
AURIONPRO SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. VIPUL PARMAR  – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AURIONPRO SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. NINAD KELKAR – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
AURIONPRO SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aurionpro Solutions Limited Q4 and FY26 
Results Conference Call. 
Today on this call we have with us from the Management Mr. Ashish Rai – Group CEO and Vice-
Chairman, Mr. Vipul Parmar  – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Ninad Kelkar – Company 
Secretary. 
Let me draw your attention to the fact that today's discussion may include certain forward -
looking statements which are predictions, projections or other estimates about future events. 
These statements reflect management's current expectations about the future performance of 
the company and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to 
differ materially. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Rai – Group CEO and Vice-Chairman at Aurionpro 
Solutions Limited. Following his comments, we will open the forum for question-and-answer 
session. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ashish Rai: Hi, good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining the call. 
FY26 that we just finished was a year of strong execution from the team against a genuinely 
complex backdrop. By our own standards, the final result was below par. We can do better and 
we will. 
When we entered the year, we planned for the revenue to grow close to 30%. Even right up till 
we entered the second half, the plan was intact. In reality, the revenue actually grew 20.2% to 
INR 1 ,411 crores. EBITDA margin was 20.02% and PAT margin was 15.02%, we ll within the 
guided ranges of 20% to 21% and 15% to 16% but towards the lower end of our planned ranges. 
Q4 was shaped by a cluster of factors, some we had clearly not planned for, so let me address 
those up front: 
The biggest impact on Q4 and likely Q1 of this year as well was the war in MEA. The Middle 
East has become an increasingly important growth engine over the last couple of years, as you 
would have noted, particularly for Banking and we fell really short the re on both committed 
Q4 deal closures as well as planned project completions. We believe this is temporary. 
The spend appetite in the region is intact once the geopolitical picture clears. Data center 
business performance was also affected in Q4. A very large hyperscaler win that we announced 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 3 of 20 
 
required us to start execution, start investing, but the revenue slipped from Q4 into Q1 because 
of planning delays on the project which we had not clearly anticipated. 
We also absorbed a one -time impact from labor cod e implementation and as I shared last 
quarter, we have significantly stepped up both expensed and capitalized investments to meet 
what we feel are generational opportunities opening up in AI and data centers because the 
window for us to act is very narrow. While we are convinced these investments are needed to 
capture these opportunities for our shareholders, the timing of these investments would have 
been a lot better if we had delivered to the revenue plan in second half of the year, which we 
clearly didn't. I want to be candid on one more point. 
We have grown rapidly for the last five years. As you would have noted, the business has 
probably quadrupled over this period. That is generally a good problem to have, but five years 
of this space has left us stretched in places and the current revenue miss from geopolitics and 
the speed of AI-led disruption have exposed those vulnerabilities. 
We will address these gaps with focus and will leave no stone unturned in making Aurionpro 
better protected against extran eous shocks. Despite the near -term roadblocks, we are 
confident that the medium-to-long-term growth drivers across  each of our businesses are 
intact and we will execute with discipline to deliver a strong FY27. Each business has been built 
for precisely th is moment, and each will continue to accelerate because the work we do is 
increasingly central to wherever customers want to go. 
We are approaching inflection points across several businesses at once and that is uncommon 
enough to deserve a real response f rom us. That is why we are stepping up investments now 
with urgency, at scale, with our best talent organized around an AI-native way of working that 
I am leading personally.  
In Banking and AI software, we continue to win with multiple strategic go -lives in FY26 as you 
would have noted, creating strong references across public sector banks, across international 
markets. We are rebuilding the Banking stack with Aurion AI , starting with a  fully AI-native 
trade finance platform on agentic architecture that we announced a few weeks back, agents 
handling workflows, foundation models reasoning over bank data , and decisions in real time. 
A series of AI-native applications will follow, each a piece of the new stack and this we will take 
across the entire Aurionpro stack within the next couple of quarters. That is a significant build 
which we intend to do.  Through Arya and through Lexsi Labs, we are investing in proprietary 
research including foundation models tuned for Banking. 
In transit, we secured large strategic wins across India and the pipeline is extremely strong. The 
business is becoming meaningfully more global and that will accelerate in the new year. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 4 of 20 
 
To compete at scale, we are investing across the full stack, software, systems and hardware. 
Owning the full stack is what separates an average vendor from a category leader and that 
distinction matters more as the market expands.  
The data center business reached a clear inflection in FY26.We secured one of India's largest 
AI-focused data center mandates from a leading hyperscaler alongside several other wins and 
are fast becoming a partner of choice for hyperscalers in the AI era. En gagements of this size 
carry elevated investment cycles, and we have chosen to fund them urgently. The opportunity 
to be foundational to AI infrastructure in India is one we are determined not to miss. 
As we get into FY27, I think for some time we will see higher upfront investment than a typical 
year for us, with larger projects bringing higher working capital needs as they scale. We would 
rather absorb temporary balance sheet pressure than underinvest when the opportunity is this 
clear to us. We enter  FY27 with an order book exceeding 1800 crores and a healthy pipeline 
across all segments. 
We will remain watchful on the macro, we will remain watchful on geopolitical environment 
which could continue to delay, you know, some deal closures in MEA especial ly, as we saw in 
Q4. Our medium-term trajectory, our long-term trajectory is firmly intact and our conviction in 
Vision 2030 is only strengthened. A change of this scale rewards firms that saw it coming as we 
have and prepared for it methodically. 
That is the work of the last several years that we have done at Aurionpro. We are optimistic, 
we are ready and we intend to make this decade count for our customers, for our shareholders 
and people who build this company every day. 
With that, let's jump into the questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. Participants who wish to ask questions through audio and video can do so by pressing 
the raise hand icon on the bottom of you r screen and wait for your turn to speak  then 
prompted, you can accept the prompt on your screen, unmute your audio and video and ask 
questions. Participants who wish to ask questions via chat can click on the Q&A icon at the 
bottom of your screen and post  your questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. The  first question comes from the line of 
Dharmesh Kant. Dharmesh, I request you to accept the prompt on your screen, unmute your 
audio and video and ask questions. 
Dharmesh Kant: Yes. Hi, Ashish. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the resilient set of 
numbers in this quarter as the entire IT industry is struggling.  But the numbers came better 
than what the others in the group has been doing so far. So, my first question is, Ashish, I have 
been looking at how the trajectory has been on the growth f ront of the revenue. So, I mean, 
30% kind of growth looks like a distan t past right now, as you see.  And last five quarters are 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 5 of 20 
 
the numbers you see, I mean, Q4 of last year till now. So, the range has been 330, 350 to 370 
crores on the top line. And Q4, I mean, earnings has been more reflective of the stagnance or 
if I may say, the lack of growth coming on the top line.  The markets were also on the low er 
side, it was sub 20% for Q4, it was 19% on the operating margin, EBITDA I am talking about. So, 
I mean, going forward, just in the near term, maybe FY 27 and  28, how are you looking at this 
margin and revenue profile? Would it be, we will go back to near 30% or we will stagnate and 
struggle at the same point? This is my first question. Second, I will take up post this. 
Ashish Rai: Okay, yes. Hi, Dharmesh. Thanks for the question.  Look, it's hard to call. So, I think we clearly 
missed, even when we entered Q4, as we were entering Q4, we were actually quite confident 
of the quarter, we had a good set of, sort of deals in commit, and we were executing against a 
fairly large order book as well. So, sometimes the things you just can't predict.   If I leave that 
aside, and we clearly missed it, so I would completely take that on as a management 
responsibility. If we leave that aside, I don't really see an y material change in the demand 
picture for this business. Each of the segments that we bet on is only accelerating, I mean, leave 
small transitionary events, supply chain disruptions, Middle East war aside, and you can 
obviously argue that it's not transitionary and the sign of things to come and all that stuff. But 
I don't know what I don't know. But what I do know is data center space in India, the demand 
is accelerating from where we sit. And we have got a very strong order book. Transit, we are 
extremely strong right now in India, we are executing against very large orders, but now we 
are competing very aggressively globally. And we believe over the next few years, we will be a 
really meaningful global player in that space just because of the strengths that we built up. 
Banking, we are already a fairly significant player. Our win rates are exceptional. We have got 
an extremely modern stack. And now, like I have been saying the last couple of quarters, we 
have been investing heavily against our point of view on where the Banking software needs to 
change to meet the age of agentic execution inside the bank.  And we have got a very clear 
point of view, we believe we are ahead of the market. And we will really invest aggressively 
over the next two quarters to really create a stack that can compete globally. So, each of these 
spaces, we believe, have extremely large headroom for growth from where we sit.  And I 
actually, other than the fact that my opinion on the long term demand, if it would have 
changed, it would have changed to the upside rather than downside. That's what I can say. So, 
I feel long term, medium term, we will continue to grow very aggressively. Over the short term, 
we missed some events, we need to make s ure we are resilient against those events. And we 
will leave no stone unturned to plan and make ourselves completely bulletproof. 
Dharmesh Kant: So, Ashish, I mean, can you just put some number on the guidance like 30% was what we used 
to talk about. So, will it be 20%+ as we ended the entire year or near about that? And secondly, 
the verticals, I mean, we are hearing so much about AI , Anthropic and all, I mean, enterprise 
enabler kind of software’s which are coming into the play. So, your Banking and transaction 
suite in all how it gets affected by that, I mean, you yourself are rolling out AI products that I 
know. But is there any competition from platforms like Anthropic and OpenAI to your present 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 6 of 20 
 
suite? So, that and I mean, just some number Ashish, which we can work on like 10%, 15%, 
20%. What is the growth expectation? 
Ashish Rai: So, look, what I would advise Dharmesh is for us to like there are a few uncertain events that 
we don't know how to predict for, right. So, I think it would be very unfair for us to throw a 
half-baked number out because there are uncertainties we don't kno w, especially around the 
Middle East. Last couple of years, we had really pivoted to focusing aggressively on Middle East 
because we saw the spend, which I think the banks still have. We saw our ability to win. And it 
suddenly became quite important, right . Now, of course, after this, we are trying to diversify 
more. We actually did expand into Europe. It's just like it's maturing slowly. We are now 
investing heavily in Southeast Asia.  So, we are pivoting to account for this. And I think over the 
next couple of quarters, we will be much more diversified than we are right now, right. But 
while we do that, I would say there are uncertain events, which it makes it unfair for us to 
throw a number so we will not throw. What I will say is, we will continue to grow ahead of the 
industry growth rate, we will continue to beat that by a meaningful number, I feel very good 
about it, because just in relative terms, we are extremely strong. Right now, where the market 
is, we will see. But I think we will continue to beat the industry rates by a fairly good number 
as we go. And then can we meet? Is there a possibility we can meet last year's rates or the year 
before? I think, for sure, there is a possibility. But let's discuss that in a quarter or two as things 
settle down as to what that number would be. I am hesitant to throw a planning number out 
there, right. But we plan to continue to grow aggressively. On the AI side, the question is a bit 
more interesting, right. So, there clearly is a lot of news in the market around not just anthropic 
foundation models in general. I don't really see..so, the core space that we have on the Banking 
side, right, that is essentially core business software that the banks use, right. So , which is 
where the way to look at software is, it's essentially a codification of the business process that 
the bank runs, a translate in the form of code. Now, you will say, can Anthropic or any other 
frontier model firm, come in and compete on the space? I don't see any immediate signs of it.  
Having said that, there's obviously a lot of skills that Anthropic published out in terms of 
financial analysis, all that stuff, right. And those are fine. But in terms of executing the core 
business process, for example, we launched our first fully AI native build from scratch software 
2.0 plus agents in the trade finance space. Think of this as our vision of what the future of trade 
finance should look like, where you can call the whole thing a trade finance agent, or you can 
say there's a next generation o f Banking software with agents working seamlessly inside it. I 
would highly recommend you go and check it out. We believe this is clearly the most advanced 
trade finance platform in the market today.  I don't see any frontier model shop or any model 
shop for that matter trying to compete in on that. And we believe the more of these future 
products we roll out, the more competitive we will be and the more market share we will be 
able to take. In the final picture, so in my head, an agent is essentially 70 -80% software and 
then obviously you need a model to provide the intelligence behind it, right? The nature of the 
software chains and hence our view on what the future software should be has changed, right? 
It doesn't mean software itself is not needed, right? So, that is where we are helping our banks 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 7 of 20 
 
out on the journey and we feel we will, I think we have like an opportunity to displace the 
legacy vendors at large scale across the globe if we play this right. 
Dharmesh Kant: Yes, fair enough. So, I mean the last part you may answer, I will come back in the Q&A again. 
But the only thing is like as you said, data center is gaining traction and there will be some 
balance sheets strain as you are investing more. So, does that mean margins are going to slip 
further from where we are? I mean, 19% are we looking at 15-16% kind of a margin trajectory 
in the near term? 
Ashish Rai: We are not planning to. Look, I think we just, when we start taking very large scale orders, I 
think we just need to get better at planning the execution on these. These are not necessarily 
low margin orders. It’s just we got the timing wrong somewhat and I think we just need to get 
better at executing against this, right? We are not planning on any significant margin dip 
because the scale of the orders increases. 
Dharmesh Kant: Thank you. Thank you so much. I will come back in. 
Ashish Rai: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vinay Menon. I request you to accept the prompt on 
the screen, unmute your audio and video, introduce the firm you represent and ask a question. 
Vinay Menon: Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my side. One, you know, our CAPEX 
number has gone up significantly in H2. So, if you can just kind of break down where is this 
going to and is it more TIG or is it anything else? 
Ashish Rai: So, CAPEX, look, I think broadly I have messaged the investment plan over the last quarter as 
well, right? So, I think it's a mix. So, we have been now picking material transactions on the TIG 
side, both in transit and data center. We are also investing heavily behind building the Banking 
software stack. We are investing heavily behind building the AI stack as well, right? So, where 
we are looking at an increase in terms of, especially in terms of intangibles, that is the 
accelerated development cycle that we sort of mentioned last quarter and it's going to run for 
the next couple of quarters, right, wh ere we will build out the software 2.0 version of every 
single Aurionpro product and we will enter net new spaces like we entered trade finance, right? 
So, you will see a whole stack come out over the next few quarters, which is a, I mean, I think 
by our s ize, a humongous investment in terms of software development, in terms of sort of 
capability development. But we feel like this is the time to do it and we will be materially 
meaningfully ahead of the rest of the industry as we roll out all these products, like we did the 
trade finance thing a few weeks back, right? So, expect a lot of these similar launches to come 
through over the next couple of quarters. 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Vinay Menon: Okay. And on the intangibles and intangible under development, I think together, both those 
line items are close to 200 odd crores. So, where do we see this investment kind of peaking out 
and, you know, those numbers to stabilize going ahead and any indication on that? 
Ashish Rai: Sorry, on where do we see these numbers stabilize? 
Vinay Menon: Yes, that number has like really risen, you know, the last two, three years we have seen. 
 
Vinay Menon: Yes, going from like INR 20 crores to INR 30 crores to INR 200 crores. So, I just want to know 
where are we going to stabilize in that now? 
Ashish Rai: So, look, I would think of it this way, think of it as a short -term spurt in development activity 
that we are funding at the moment across, meaningfully across three different types. One is 
building out a completely brand new AI native software stack. This will span trade finance. This 
will span transaction Banking. This will span lending and all the different types of lending, 
corporate as well as retail. So, this will span across our entire product line. And we will enter a 
couple of new product lines. I don't want to talk about it before we actually launch into t he 
market, but we will enter. So, that is one. The second is extremely hard research to solve the 
really tough enterprise problems when it comes to adoption of enterprise AI, right? This is, we 
are building out one of the leading sort of research labs on Tabular Foundation models, for 
example, right? This is what Vinay is personally leading. And we published Orion MSP a couple 
of months back. You will see us publish the next stronger version of it, which should do very 
well on global benchmarks, probably in the next four to six weeks, right? So, I think that is, or 
let's say eight weeks, right? So, that is there, but that is just one of those things, the whole AI 
engineering framework, like the whole set of enterprise capabilities, that's the other a rea, 
right? The third is on the transit side, we are strengthening our software stack, like we 
announced with MMRDA, building out the back-office software, CCHS as well, which we are 
traditionally not done. These are, again, very large builds. I am missing something. Yes, fourth 
is the payment side, right? Where again, we have become, it's now becoming a meaningful 
driver of revenue and we have got the scale in terms of merchants, we need to build against it, 
right? So, I think that's, again, become a sizable business, and it will become much more sizable 
going into next year. So, we need to build against it as well. All of this also in the backdrop that 
there is some, let's say there is some thought that we have around emerging risks, around 
cybersecurity, around what is coming, which also needs us to strengthen a lot of our stacks 
with some level of urgency. Now, I m ean, you would have probably seen some news articles 
around Mythos around 5.5 security layer as well. I think there is a need to act with urgency on 
that space, where again, we will pour in some dollars to build, because honestly, if you are not 
doing that right now, it is a problem, right? So, there is a small window to act. So, those are the 
sort of areas in which we are really throwing in a lot of development dollars at the moment. I 
would say think of it as a short-term spurt in development investments to react to one, either 
the opportunity that we see, which we think this is the window to act and there is no other 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 9 of 20 
 
choice that is the right thing to do for the shareholder. And the second is a challenge against 
which we need to again develop, right? So, I think that's sort of how I would characterize it. 
Happy to get into any details, but that's basically the 30,000-foot view. 
Vinay Menon: Okay. Okay. And we had indicated that by Q4, we should see some deal wins from Europe, US, 
we are trying a lot to ent er those regions. So, any update on that plus any update on Middle 
East and when can we see any kind of normalization there? 
Ashish Rai: Yes, so look, I want to say this with some hesitation, but I think we already see some deal 
activity restarting in the Middle East. The reality of the picture is a lot of buying processes were 
in very advanced stages in the Middle East across especially transaction Banking, which is the 
main line from us, but also lending, also the interact suite. We have seen some increase in 
activity already happening. It doesn't mean buying processes have started full steam, but what 
was happening in Q4 was like banks just stopped a lot of the conversations even at the final 
stages. Now you see, you know, big restarting the proces s, restarting POCs in some cases and 
things like that. So, I would say it's probably coming back, but let's, like, you know for sure 
when you know that the whole situation is under control, the war is over and all this stuff, and 
we are clearly not there. But I feel we are seeing some beginning of activity in the Middle East. 
Europe, we have certainly matured. I think Fenixys is doing very well. And I think it is continuing 
to growing strongly in it. We have acquired more clients. We are expanding the busin ess. We 
are also taking it outside of Europe into Middle East, into South Africa, into US. So, I think that 
side of the business is doing well. I feel it will grow very strongly into FY27.  We are now being 
considered for more buying processes, more RFPs in Europe. I think it's a matter of time before 
we start converting that at good pace. We are in reasonably mature processes at the moment. 
We logged some wins, but they are not obviously at the same scale that we do in Middle East 
or in Southeast Asia. So, but I feel like next year would be a good one for Europe. 
Vinay Menon: Thank you. I will get back in there. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: The next question comes from Darshil Jhaveri. Mr. Darshil Javeri. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hi. Thank you so much for taking my question, sir. So, sir, I just wanted to elaborate more on, 
like you are saying you are going to make some more investments, you know, which are going 
to be front ended. So, will it impact our P&L or will it be, you know, routed more to the balance 
sheet in terms of our intangibles and the development increases? How would that, you know, 
look at, sir? 
Ashish Rai: Okay. So, look, maybe I slice it by the business. So, there is a whole, there is basically every 
single product group is at the moment building an AI native brand new version of their product. 
This is core software development. This is from zero software development, and everyone will 
do it. And that is where we are building out the intangibles. If the, I think at least a large chunk 
of it will get routed to the P &L because we are still expecting a lot of that investment to get 
backed up by revenue. Of course, Q4, we struggled a bit as you can see, but by and large, I 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 10 of 20 
 
would say we will route a fair amount of that investment into P&L, especially when it's backed 
by a client project. But in some cases, we will need to front -end it and build it ahead of the 
client projects because this is not a question of sort of responding to a client RFP.  This is a 
question of going and getting ahead of the market, right? So, we need to invest, we need to 
build. Some of the stuff like transit, for example, I was saying, I think that is more or less in the 
past. We now have built out the stack, the back-office software and all I was talking about, we 
are building it, but it should be done as we do MMRDA and that's like a one-off thing and it will 
more or less whatever expense happening after that is P&L. On the AI side, I think we will 
continue to build out, especially the research side. These are extremely hard problems to solve. 
We feel we can build out completely world -class technology, especially around the AI 
engineering stack, especially around things like explainability where we have talked in the past 
about market -leading algos that we have built out, especially around things  like Tabular 
Foundation models. So, we want to continue doubling down on those as we scale and 
commercialize this technology and this is clearly one has to see that these are relatively less 
mature spaces and it will take time for this technology to mature, but then, you know, we have 
got a first grade team, one of the best quality AI research labs, not just in this part of the world, 
but also extremely high quality team in Europe working at it and we feel very good about our 
chances of being able to mature and commercialize that tech coming out. So, I think that's 
essentially how I would put it. You slice it into a few places. I think we should be able to grow 
strongly into next year, in which case there'll be a lot of client projects to back up around these 
development projects. So, by and large, think of still a short -term spurt in capitalized 
investments, but it should taper down over the next couple of quarters. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, so just to quantify, in current year, how much would we have spent on our research and 
development and is it going to be similar in FY27? And just another question, the world of AI is 
changing so much, you know, like new products and use cases are getting, you know, uploaded 
every day. So, are the clients wanting to  go for a long -term contract where, you know, even 
something that was not heard of a year ago is now available? So, what is the rate of space that 
you think things are changing and will that impact the tenure of the contract? Because as a 
client, would you want to commit for five years when you don't know if the product is even 
going to be viable after five years or how do you mitigate that? 
Ashish Rai: Yes, so look, we have not really seen any material change in the software buying behavior, 
especially in the Banking world or even in the transit world or any of the spaces we are in. I 
don't think there is any difference in the term of the contracts. When you buy a piece of 
software as a bank, right, to support one of your core business processes, r ight, whether it's, 
you know, it's transaction Banking, it's cash, it's trade, it's liquidity management or it's on the 
lending side, I don't think you can buy with a short-term time horizon in mind, because it's not 
just software, right, you are bu ilding your whole business process around it. You are right to 
think that there is change in the market, so you will obviously want to buy from the perspective 
of what is my readiness for that change, right. So, if you buy a software today, the reason we 
win a disproportionate number of deals when we go and compete these days is that readiness 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 11 of 20 
 
for AI angle. It's not that I stop buying software, but you want to buy with the perspective that 
is the stack ready for the future or not. That's why we are investing so heavily to stay ahead of 
the market. I don't think the need for software is going away.  It's not even a question of 
thinking. I think anyone who thinks the need of software is going away, I mean, really is not 
thinking straight, right, because there is no conceivable way in which you can run a business 
process inside a bank of a LLM or you call an agent. Now, like I was saying, an agent would end 
up being 70 -80% software and then intelligence model or LLM to back it up, right.  That is 
entirely conceivable, and that is probably how it will be and that's why we rebuild the new 
stack, right, but the fact that you say I would not use any software, I don't think that future is 
any time near, and anyone who thinks this through would realize you probably need a slightly 
different type of software, that is for sure, but you do need software and when you buy 
software, you cannot buy with the time horizon of one year because it's a massive investment 
for the bank to sort of shape its work processes, to shape its operational processes around that 
piece of software, it takes a very long time to implement, it takes a very long time to test, you 
want to buy for the next 10 years, you want to buy for the next 15 years, you don't want to buy 
for the next two years. 
Darshil Jhaveri: I was asking how much have we invested in terms of research in FY26 and what do we plan for 
FY27? Just why I am asking this in terms of margin, we should be at the similar ra nge, like 
overall for the full year, that's why I am asking. 
Ashish Rai: Yes, look, so there is a short window of time to react, right, my best guess is we are talking of 
a number somewhere between 150 and 200 crores, the reason I say it's a guess and it's not a 
planned number is we are working thro ugh some very specific productivity improvement 
measures right now which we feel will bear fruit in terms of the size of investment that we 
need to make especially around software build -outs. So, over the last six months we have 
invested heavily behind an AI development stack, AI -based code generation, an extremely 
modern development stack that we feel is beginning to give us material productivity 
improvements. So, it will meaningfully reduce the size of that spend to the extent that I can get 
that productivity gain, right, and we are like, we are sharply focused on getting it right. So, I 
would think the number is somewhere between 150 and 200 crores over the next four 
quarters, but we are working very hard to drive productivity improvements and try to shrink it. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kuber Jitendra Chauhan, I request you to 
accept the prompt on your screen, unmute your audio and video and ask questions. Mr. Kuber 
Jitendra Chauhan, please unmute your line and speak. 
Kuber Jitendra Chauhan: Yes, so, Ashish, you said that we have seen some weakness in Middle East, right, in terms of 
geographical wise. So, what has led, I mean, it consists of around three percent of our revenue. 
So, what has led to the major dent in the revenue in Q4 FY26?  And do you anticipate it to 
continue in Q1 as well? 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Ashish Rai: Yes, so, it is not three percent of the revenue. So, look, I can speak in terms of what our planned 
execution numbers was, right. So, when you look at Banking, there is some dependence in 
terms of one-off licenses. And walking into Q4, we had a number of d eals across our product 
lines, especially around Transaction Banking and interact that, I mean, that are still there. It is 
not that the deals have gone away, but which are material sort of license revenues, which did 
not really translate, right. It is certainly way north of that three percent number that you are 
throwing at me.  But I do not want to throw numbers on this because I think that is not the 
point. The other is, we announced last year, when we actually entered Middle East in a 
meaningful way, a number of wins in the market. All of those, especially, you know, with some 
Saudi Arabian banks and all that we announced, all of those are in execution right now.  They 
have been in execution over the last year. We were expecting to take them to go live. We have 
been, for various reasons or rather for known reasons, not been able to put teams on site on 
the ground to drive the execution faster and that has also slowed down the execution, right.  
So, the Middle East impact actually ended up being a  double whammy. It is like not just deal 
closures and the license revenue coming from it. It is also project closures and the revenue 
conversion from it, right. Having said that, like I said, we should have planned for it. Of course, 
we were very confident of where we will end up and we did not, which clearly is a gap in how 
resilient the setup is. We should plan for such roadblocks and we will try to plan for it more, 
right. But  that is essentially the impact. That is not the only thing. The other thing that I 
mentioned right up front was obviously the very large hyperscaler contract that we signed 
which needed us to invest or rather needed us to start and start i nvesting and we mistimed 
that as well and that is a very large order as we know. There is a 350-crore deal and yes, so we 
should just plan it better. 
Kuber Jitendra Chauhan: Do you see our order book to be growing in Q1 FY27 as well? Have you seen any kind of budget 
constraint from any of our clients in India or globally due to this macro uncertainty? 
Ashish Rai: I would say to some extent you may see some decision making slow down for sure. Of course, 
there is a lot of pressure on banks to consider actions around AI. Like every firm, every serious 
firm right now looks at that as a separate sort of strategy item, separate investment item which 
you need to prioritize somewhere. So, I think to that extent you do see banks considering it as 
Aurionpro itself does. So, I would say every serious organization has to and they are doing it. 
Cyber security is another area also which every serious organization has to and they have to do 
it including Aurionpro. So, we would expect our clients to as well. So, to that ext ent you can 
argue there is some sort of delay in decision making because banks consider their priorities. 
Having said that, whether you look at India where we are a big player in the public sector 
Banking space, in the private sector Banking space or wider South Asia or Southeast Asia, we 
see more or less the same number of RFPs come out, same buying processes run out. MEA is a 
bit slow at the moment, but I fully expect that to come back the moment situation there 
stabilizes. And US and Europe are very small for us, so I don't think it really matters. 
Kuber Jitendra Chauhan: Okay. When can we see the stabilization? 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Ashish Rai: Yes. Look, I think the demand situation has not meaningfully changed in my view. The decision 
cycles may stretch a  little bit, but I think the business overall will do better.  Again, like I was 
saying in the opening remark, we have been growing at breakneck speed for five years, so we 
were obviously stretched and we just need to be better and more resilient as we build this 
business further. But the demand situation hasn't changed , and I feel very good about us 
continuing to grow strongly and continue to grow higher than the industry number for sure. 
Kuber Jitendra Chauhan: And last question, do you see our revenue  mix to be the same like TIG will dominate the 
Banking vertical in FY27 as well? 
Ashish Rai: Yes, I don't know about dominate, I think Banking probably ends up being slightly more than 
50 and TIG ends up being slightly less or thereabouts, but one quarter to the other it will 
change. I would say the change in mix will come down to difference in relative growth rates. 
We are picking up larger orders on the TIG side, so I would say there is a possibility TIG grows 
a bit faster going into next year, but longer run I think it's a wash. I don't think there is going to 
be a meaningful difference in relative growth rates between the two verticals. But yes, from 
one half to the next things can move here and there a little bit. 
Kuber Jitendra Chauhan: Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Manav Medewala. I request you to accept 
the prompt on your screen, unmute your audio and video and ask a question. So, Manav, could 
you please unmute your line and speak? 
Manav Medewala: Average book to revenue conversion cycle across key businesses like Banking platforms, transit 
projects and data center and how much of the INR 1800 crore order book you see as executable 
in FY27? And additionally, if the geopolitical situation in the Middle East were to persist, let's 
say for another quarter or so, how might that impact order inflows, de al conversions or 
execution timelines going forward? And how do you see AI shaping both the speed of 
conversion and nature of deal wins? Do you see some kind of pricing pressure as well or do you 
think you can command a premium on the work that you deliver? 
Ashish Rai: So, Manav, I feel like I may have missed something at the sta rt. Maybe the line was not very 
clear. I picked up three questions, I am going to answer those. And if I missed something, then 
just come back in and let me know. So, how much of INR 1800 crore order book is executable 
over the next 12 months? I would say something in the range of 70%-odd, maybe slightly less, 
let's say between 68 % and 72 % or something like that.  The slight question mark there is 
because of some genuine supply chain disruptions, because of some genuine Middle East war 
sort of issues, some of the execution is constrained. We feel like it's coming back, we feel like 
it should be fine, but we don't know for sure. So, I think that is sort of one slight question mark 
I will put against that answer, but otherwise that it's somewhere between 68 % and 72%. The 
geopolitics side of it, what happens if this goes on for another quarter? So, we have been asking 
that ourselves and trying to prepare for it. Like I said, the goal of an organization should be to 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 14 of 20 
 
build resilience to such shocks.  Obviously, we cannot predict it, but we can react better to it 
than we have. And our response to that has been to really double down on, like get much closer 
to our customers and prospects in Middle East, really action that well. So, we feel that there is 
some momentum that's coming back, even though you are acting remotely and all that stuff.  
We feel like we will still be able to get our projects across the line and convert revenue. And 
we have really been pushing heavily in Southeast Asia and Europe  too to try and account for 
the slowness that may happen in the Middle East, and India as well. So, we feel like if you say 
over the first half of the year, I think the demand should balance itself out because we have 
got finite capacity to execute. And I think we will be fine. The other sort of where the problem 
comes in is not so much from the demand sort of slowing down. So, we are in several segments 
where the segments will load balance the demand. I think the challenge that comes in is when 
we walk in and invest with the confidence that the revenue is going to happen and it does not 
happen. I think that causes a lot of problems. So, like I said, walking into Q4, we were very 
confident of where the revenue is going to be. And obviously, you fell more than INR 100 crores 
short of it. So, that investment in your expenses beforehand and then missing the revenue, 
that is what causes the problem. So, we just have to be more conservative in how we plan 
some of these front -ended investments. And we are doing that. S o, I feel like, one, we will 
double down on geographies which are like Southeast Asia and Europe. Second, we get much 
more closer to our customers in Middle East, which we are doing, getting where you would 
have called twice, you call 10 times, but you just focus on the customer because at the end of 
the day, that is what matters. Get the projects across the line, get the deals across the line. So, 
we are doing that. And then the sort of demand across the territories loads balances itself. Do 
not be very conservative in front-ending costs. I think that's one lesson we have learned. I think 
it's a function of just growing at the pace we have grown.  Four years back, you are a INR 375 
crore firm. Today, you are a INR 1,400-INR 1,500 crores firm. You are four times the size. Even 
small leg up in investments actually means hundreds of crores. So, I think that learning is a key 
one, which will put us in a good place as we exercise more caution when it comes to upfronting 
costs. So, I think tha t's sort of my thoughts around it, but I would say judge us by our actions 
and results. I think we missed a couple of clear things. Shocks are shocks. They happen and the 
entire industry gets shocked, but how you react to those shocks, you can get better a t. And 
yes, those are the actions we planned, but we planned a whole set of actions around it. 
Manav Medewala: Okay. Okay. Got it. 
Moderator: I am very sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Manav. Please join back the Q&A. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Avi J haveri. I request you to accept the prompt on your 
screen and mute your audio and video and ask a question. 
Avi Jhaveri: My question is with respect to the direct cost associated with the product licenses and 
hardware. I believe that has materially come down over the last three quarters. I believe 
primarily you mentioned owning the entire value chain.  So, if I calculate the margin or 
contribution margin to it, so I have seen a meaningful improvement. So, what do you see that 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 15 of 20 
 
the past three quarters, the contribution margin would sustain on equipment and product 
license? And what are the reasons for this improvement? 
Ashish Rai: Yes. So, I mean, good question . So, I think the way to think about it is this  where we own the 
whole stack, for example, in the transit space, as you point out, where we own the whole stack. 
The reason we get into that owning every point on the value chain is because we do see that 
the economics of the business fundamentally changes when you own every point on the value 
chain versus be a point provider in large contracts, right? So, right now we have the strategic 
flexibility of being a point provider on larger global consortia where we need to, but then in 
India, for example, do the whole deals end-to-end and the margin does materially improve 
when everything is ours.  And that is a very new thing for us as well, because we have been 
investing heavily in that R&D, but only now you see the whole stack getting complete. And 
even now, therefore, MMRDA, we are kind of finishing up the software side and all, right, like 
I mentioned. But once you have that, I think your economics are really very, very strong. And I 
think that is what we are aiming for. Right  now, I would say what you see is not the end 
economics, because the reason a lot of it gets masked is because we have been growing at a 
very strong pace. And when you are adding on a lot of projects, you are taking on some costs 
which won't exist when you are steady state, right? So, the margins that the business delivers 
once it reaches a maturity and is growing at, let's say, single digits or low -teens would be 
meaningfully better than when the business is both investing right now at the speed it is and 
growing at the speed it is, right? So, I would say, look over the next couple of years as the 
business matures, I feel strongly that the margins will get even better. But you are right, as you 
own the whole stack, they keep going up, right?  The same thing on the software side as well. 
The only slight difference that happened on the software side is, as I think everyone who  has 
been following us for the last four or five years know, we invested heavily in rebuilding the 
whole stack. We believed we had the most modern stack in the market, which is true, but the 
need to reinvent the whole stack, we were not anticipating, which came in recently, right? So, 
although we had the most modern stack in the market, right now we are determined to really 
go one step up and rebuild the whole stack again, which we were not expecting. So, that will 
temporarily actually bring some of your margins down to the extent that you are expensing 
some of these investments, right? But longer run, that same logic applies to softwa re as well, 
as we were seeing over the last couple of years, it's just that the changes that happened in the 
market that we now need to react to, right?  So, that's how I would sort of characterize it, 
applies to the hardware to software stack, applies to t he software stack, applies to Banking, 
applies to transit, and you should see the contribution margins meaningfully go up, steadily go 
up, but you will see the actual final end state only when the growth rates come down. 
Avi Jhaveri: Got it. That was helpful. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Varun Gandhi. I request you to accept the 
prompt on your screen, unmute your audio and video, and ask a question.  
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Varun Gandhi: So, my question is mostly on the cross -sell and upsell sides, since we already have an existing 
marquee client base, and we have always found success in converting new clients. Just if you 
could share your strategy about upselling other modules within your tra de finance or your 
other modules that you could use on your existing distribution channel. If you could elaborate 
over there, and if you could share some instance where we found success in executing such a 
strategy. 
Ashish Rai: Okay, great question, Varun.  So, I think longer run, what happens to a mature software 
business is, I think as we get to a steady state, we probably should be able to, or even now, we 
probably should be able to grow 10%-12%, even if we don't sell a single new logo in the Banking 
space. Why does that really happen is essentially what you point out.  One, ability to expand 
the current sort of footprint that you have in a minor way around new modules, new 
regulation, all that stuff. The second is our ability to add products, right, next t o it. So, for 
example, I am in a bank with cash, can I add liquidity next to it, can I add liquidity management 
next to it, can I add virtual accounts next to it, can I add trade next to it, supply chain finance 
next to it, right? And I think that is probably one of the most efficient ways to grow a software 
business. We exist as a provider of specialized software. So, when Aurionpro looks at a product, 
and many of you have heard me before, so it's probably a repeat of it, I have only two asks 
from a produc t business inside Aurionpro. Ask number one, ‘Product Superiority ’. When 
Aurionpro builds a product, how are we better than any other option the client has available? 
Doesn't need to be 100 things, can be 2, 3, 4 things, that clarity goes into the roadmap,  that 
roadmap goes into the product, you build an extremely good product, right?  Ask number two 
is, ‘Never Fail a Customer’. When someone decides to trust Aurionpro with business, we make 
sure the client succeeds no matter what ? As long as we stick to those two key principles, we 
keep our clients forever. And clients, and we are a partner to those clients, we are at the center 
of change that they are facing, and it gives us enormous opportunities to keep helping them 
with more change, which means add more products and add more software. What do you need 
to expand in that way? You need a very big surface area of products ? Why is it that we have 
expanded our stacks so much over the last couple of years through acquisitions, through our 
own build out? We acquired InfraRisk, we acquired OmniFin, we acquired Fintra, we acquired 
Arya, so we have gone in and added net new products into the mix. It's essentially for what you 
say, cross sell and upsell, right?  Which means, how can I be a much more meaningful partner 
to the same bank, rather than every time go out and sell to 20 more banks, right? So, while we 
want to grow at 30%-35%, we still want to keep acquiring a lot more new logos, but at a point 
where new logos dry up, you can still grow from your existing base, because you can add more 
products and a lot of these investments we are making, a lot of the acquisitions that we do, 
which you know, we may still meaningfully do, will go towards expanding that surface area and 
expanding the relevance of Aurionpro to their bank, right? So, I think that is essentially how we 
will play it. I think right now in terms of success stories, I would say we work with most large 
Indian banks, and if you look at Indian banks, typically we were at probably 1.5 or so product 
per bank. I think now we are probably north of 2 products per bank, but there are banks which 
are using 5 or 6 products from us, right? And I think that's where we would want to take most 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 17 of 20 
 
of our banking relationships, where an average relationship we have is across 5, 6, 7 Aurionpro 
Solutions that sing and dance together. There's an enterprise AI partnership, which is 
meaningful to the bank.  And maybe there is even a relationship around transit, around 
payments, around a lot of other areas that we are in, righ t? So, I think that's sort of the ideal 
configuration for us. We will keep pressing on it.  And I think the strategy is working. It needs 
to work at a larger scale. 
Varun Gandhi: Got you. So, from what I understand, the implication is that we are trying to build the horizontal 
product stack. We are not yet very aggressive in trying to capture additional wallet share from 
existing clients. Is that a good understanding? 
Ashish Rai: So, we are still relatively small in terms of size. I think we have built out a relatively meaningful 
account management program. We are pushing, but I would say you are right in the sense that 
I think we can push a lot more and we are slowly maturing there? So, I think right now there is 
a lot of single product relationships. And to that extent, I think you are right, but we are pushing 
towards it. 
Varun Gandhi: Got you. Just as a last follow-up, any update on the NBFC platform that we had launched earlier 
this year? Any meaningful news? 
Ashish Rai: I think, look, NBFC space in India, I think we now have north of 30 clients, some fairly large size 
NBFCs. We are very competitive in the space . We have got a policy around the size of deals 
that we announce. So, we don't always announce NBFC wins because just the value of the deals 
tends to be not so large, but expect us to win some really meaningful deals in that space. I think 
we are one of the more competitive players around in that space. And some of the really 
prestigious deals coming in the market, I feel like we will win those. I think we will look at the 
policy and all and where we announce. Maybe we announce a bunch of them together, so you 
will see more sort of visibility around it. But I think it's north of 30 clients now and it will only 
grow. 
Varun Gandhi: Thanks for sharing the ethos of the firm and sharing the details. Hope to catch you next quarter 
and we will make up for this quarter's backdrop. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Yash Gupta.  I request you to accept the prompt on 
your screen, unmute your audio and video and ask a question or give comments. Mr. Yash 
Gupta. 
Yash Gupta: So, my question is on data center. What exactly our role in the data center deal that we have 
got recently? One is INR 350 crores and another one is the Brownfield facility in Mumbai.  Can 
you throw some light on both the deals? 
Ashish Rai: Yes, so we announced a bunch of data center deals. Of course, the really large one. Look, what 
we do on data center projects is first, it's a  very capital-light business for us.  We essentially 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 18 of 20 
 
provide services in that space. We run one of the top design teams in that space. So, we do 
help around design of the data center, some really complex ones around integrated 
engineering on the data center and program managing the whole build for the data center as 
well. So, it depends on the nature of engagement, but in both of these cases, and increasingly 
in a large number of cases, which we are discussing as well, we will do all of the above. So, we 
will obviously continue to pick up only specialized design deals and all because they tend to be 
really high margin and we like doing those. But you will end up doing the entire spectrum 
design, integrated engineering, program managing the whole build, handholding the strategic 
partner right through the process. But it's pure services. 
Yash Gupta: And anything on this revenue recognition, when we will going to recognize this revenue? 
Ashish Rai: So, we faced some delays in terms of project execution, like I said, but I would say a fairly large 
chunk of it within the year. 
Yash Gupta: Second question, in your presentation, you mentioned like in FY27, we need to absorb some 
transit balance sheet pressure. So, is that only will be a balance sheet on the work ing capital 
side or it will be on something on the debt side or maybe some P&L heavy transaction? 
Ashish Rai: I don't anticipate debt side. Debt to the extent that we need to maintain some things in some 
banks because of some businesses here and there, I t hink that's different. But on the net, I 
don't expect, we are more or less comfortable in terms of the overall cash position.  We are 
obviously focusing right now in terms of shoring up that position so the balance sheet is 
healthier. So, I don't expect us to go into the debt side. So, basically, it is, let's say the growth-
oriented side of the balance sheet, which is where I say, expect some transient pressure 
because we are taking on very large contracts, which will have working capital impact. We are 
making significant build outs of product, especially the AI native stack, which means a fair 
amount of investments on that side. But I did not mean that. 
Yash Gupta: Can you just quantify the working capital requirement in terms of number, like from here, 
where it will going to be like INR 200 crore to INR 300 crore plus a year on there, or maybe 
more than that? 
Ashish Rai: Yes, look, I think roughly around there. But one of the things that we are trying to do is to really 
make the business more efficient. So, one of the things that we will try to get into is how can 
we get even tighter in terms of controls that we have on the relationships and the contracts 
that we take on.  So, I feel like the INR 200 crores – INR 250 crore sort of number is the right 
number. But we have some very specific plans around trying to make the business more 
efficient. So, the reason I made that statement is I want us to be aware that, so there are things 
you know, there are things you don't know, but as you become large r and we start taking on 
meaningfully larger contracts, like I said, even if you go 12 months back, we would not do, we 
would probably do INR 100 crore deal in a year.  Now you are talking a INR 350 crore deal, a 
INR 250 crore deal, a INR 150 crore deal, and a INR 100 crore deal. These are like meaningfully 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 19 of 20 
 
larger transactions. And as you do those, obviously, they sound like very good ones to do, but 
you need to be prepared to do it. But having said that, I think we are trying to also get efficient 
in contracting, efficient in the payment terms, trying to see to what extent we can minimize 
that. So, it's a work-in-progress, but I feel you are in the right ballpark. 
Moderator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen due to the time constraints that was the last question for the 
day. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish for his closing comments. 
Ashish Rai: Guys, thank you for taking the time out of your days to come and join us. Q4, of course, was 
not the best quarter and I have been quite upfront with where things could have been better. 
I think the important thing about building a business over the long run is not sort of events 
which surprise us. It's not so much around challenges that suddenly come on. It's around how 
you respond to those challenges. I feel where we have built out the core DNA of the firm over 
the last few years is in how we respond.  We are very clear-eyed about things we can change. 
We are very clear -eyed about how large we have become , and the scale of problems even 
relatively sort of harmless misses can cause, and we will tighten the controls. 
I remain as optimistic as I was, if not more, around the demand for each of the major bets that 
we place in the market. Data center space, it's extremely strong demand. I see no problems in 
our ability to be able to grow fairly strongly. 
Transit space, we are extremely competitive and it's a lar ge global space.  I don't see any 
problems, medium, long, short, any term over demand in that space. We need to execute well. 
Banking, we have established ourselves as one of the most credible vendors in the space, and 
I am convinced we are ahead in our poi nt of view on where the combination of the next 
generation of Banking Software and Agentic execution needs to go and we are right at the 
center of it in terms of helping our clients do it right. 
So, each of the bets we placed, payments is  also coming out to a meaningful size now and it 
will grow over the next few years. So, no matter which segment I look at it, I am extremely 
optimistic about the demand. We need to really tighten execution , and we need to continue 
to scale the business in a disciplined way, which is what we will do, and we will talk more about 
it as the next few quarters come in and I would say judge us by results and actions.  Talk is 
cheap. 
So, with that, thank you for taking the time out of your days and I will  see you ag ain next 
quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir. On behalf of Aurionpro Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
 Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
 
Contact Information: 
E-mail: investor@aurionpro.com 
 
Registered Office: 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
Synergia IT Park, 
Rabale, Navi Mumbai – 400 701, 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Website: www.aurionpro.com 
 