
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
18th November, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 Scrip Code – 532513 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1 G Block 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra - (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 Scrip Symbol – TVSELECT 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
In continuation to our intimations dated 10 th November, 2025 and 14 th November, 2025 with respect to 
Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended 30 th September, 2025 and intimation on the audio 
recording, respectively, we wish to inform that the transcript of the said recording is available on the 
website of the Company at: 
 https://api.tvs-e.in/uploads/documents/1763377210213-Earnings_Call_Transcript- Q2-H1-FY25-26.pdf 
We have also enclosed the transcript. Kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking you, 
For TVS ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
K Santosh 
Company Secretary 
TVS Electronics Limited 
“Arihant E-Park”, No.117/1, 9th Floor, L.B. Road, Adyar, Chennai – 600 020. Tel.: +91-44-42005200 
Registered Office: Harita Towers, 2nd Floor, No.119, St. Mary’s Road, Abhiramapuram, Chennai- 600 018 
Corporate Identity Number: L30007TN1995PLC032941 
E-mail id: webmaster@tvs-e.in Website: www.tvs-e.in 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 14  
 
 
TVS Electronics Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the TVS Electronics Limited Q2 and H1 
FY’2026 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Valorem Advisors. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “* ”, then “0” on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Hena Khatri from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
 
Hena Khatri: Thank you. Good evening, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Hena Khatri 
from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of TVS Electronics Limited. 
 
On behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank you all for participating 
in the company earnings call for the 2nd Quarter and the first half of the Financial Year 2026. 
 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward -looking in nature. Such forward -looking statements 
are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumptions made 
by the information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on this forward -looking statement in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and b ring awareness  
about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mrs. Srilal itha Gopal, 
Managing Director and Mr. A.K. Velu, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Without any further delay, I request Mrs. Srilalitha Gopal to start with her opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, Ma'am. 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Srilalitha Gopal: Thank you, Hena. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to our earnings call to discuss the 
performance of the 2nd Quarter and first half of the financial year 2026. 
 
As you may already be aware, I just give you a brief background of TVS Electronics that is 
incorporated in 1986, headed in Chennai with the state of the art manufacturing plant  
located in Tumakuru, Karnataka. We have broadly two business units, products an d solutions 
group and customer support services. In the products and solutions group, we offer point of 
transaction products and integrated solutions. Under customer support services, we provide 
infrastructure managed services for IT and IT peripherals and operations and maintenance for 
solar followed by electronic manufacturing services. The details of what we cover and what 
we offer is available both on our website and in our annual reports. 
 
Without wasting much time, I would like to hand over the call t o Mr. A.K. Velu, our CFO, to 
provide key financial and operational highlights for the quarter under review. 
 
A.K. Velu: Thank you, Ma' am. Good evening, everyone. For the 2nd Quarter of Financial Year 2026, the 
consolidated revenue from operations stood at around Rs. 128 crores, which increased by 
22% year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter was around Rs. 5 crores, representing an increase 
by 81% on year-on-year basis and net profit came in at around Rs. 1.5 crores. 
 
Our product and solutions vertical delivered a strong quarter with a revenue of Rs. 93 crores, 
reflecting a 27% year -on-year growth. This was driven by higher volumes in existing  
programs, as well as contribution from new products and solutions offerings, particularly in 
the manufacturing and logistics segments. 
 
The customer support service vertical reported revenue of Rs. 35 crores, 10% year -on-year 
growth, supported by higher volumes across all the business verticals. 
 
For the first half of the Financial Year 2026, the consolidated revenue from operations stood 
at around Rs. 224 crores, which is an increase of approximately 4% year -on-year. EBITDA for 
the same period was around Rs. 6 crores, representing a growth of 5% year -on-year, and the 
net loss was reported at approximately Rs. 2 crores for the same period. 
 
With that, now we open the floor for questions and answers now. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Abhijit from ABSEC. Please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
Abhijit: Congratulations, ma'am, and it is a good set of numbers. So, just wanted to understand the 
product group has grown substantially. Now, is this something which can be expected to 
continue in the future, or is it like a one -off? Since the H1 numbers look similar, but overall 
the quarter numbers look excellent. 
 
A.K. Velu: Yes, that is a good question, Abhijit. I think, as we mentioned in the earlier call, we have  
taken a lot of long-term initiatives focusing on our growth. And we have started seeing results 
from those initiatives. With that, we are seeing that revenue is growing in both PSG and CSS. 
And we expect these growth initiatives to continue to give the similar results going forward. 
But however, it is subject to any market fluctuations. 
 
Abhijit: Yes, fair. But you think the trend is basically up. It is not like a one -off thing, which is on the 
higher side, right? 
 
A.K. Velu: Yes, we are seeing that the initiatives have started giving the results. 
 
Abhijit: And any particular segment, like is it the point of sale or this AI-DC machines, which one is the 
one which is helping us the growth? 
 
A.K. Velu: We are seeing growth across products and segments. 
 
Abhijit: Alright. So, any new customers who have been added over the last quarter or so, big 
customers, or it is basically growth over existing customers? 
 
A.K. Velu: See, there is growth over existing customers as well as in case of few products, there are new 
customers. So, it is a contribution of both. 
 
Abhijit: Okay. Any names which can be shared? 
 
A.K. Velu: No, I think names we cannot share. Anyway, I think when the annual reports come, we will 
add the big customers with the customers' pe rmission. Because few customers are on the 
NDA also. So, once we have the permission, we will add that in our quarterly results, annual 
representation as well as annual reports. 
 
Abhijit: Alright, great, sir. Also, ma’am, this EMS division, if you can throw some light as to what is the 
growth and how are you looking, the whole thing growing in terms of customers as well as 
what is your outlook for the year? 
 
A.K. Velu: See, as we mentioned earlier, EMS is part of CSS segment. And across all the segments and  
sub-verticals, we are seeing growth. Customers are getting added and their growth is also  
seen across all the segments. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
Abhijit: Specifically about EMS, I wanted to know, because that is like a thing which has grown very 
well with a lot of companies. So, we were ramping it up where we are making a very good 
base. But can you throw some more light as to what are the things which have  changed? 
Have we been able to break customers, get some customers, and any revenue potential 
estimate for the same? 
 
A.K. Velu: See, all the segments, as I mentioned, there is a customer addition. So that means the EMS 
also, there is a customer addition w ith which we are having the revenue growth. As of now, 
we will not be able to share the name of the customer. 
 
Abhijit: Okay, and approximate revenue potential? 
 
A.K. Velu: No, I think numbers, we do not share because it is all forward -looking and we do not share as 
a policy. 
 
Abhijit: Okay. Alright. And about, say, the solar O&M, last I think somewhere we had done this 1.8 
gigawatt. Can we have an idea about where we stand right now? 
 
A.K. Velu: Range of 2 gigawatt to 3 gigawatt, it is in that range. And there also we are seeing that 
customer acquisition has steadily happened. 
 
Abhijit: Okay. Our earlier focus was on Tata Power and Hinduja Renewables. Have you been able to 
crack more customers or any good big names? 
 
A.K. Velu: Yes, there are new customers, but yeah, names should be shared at the appropriate time and 
through the investor presentations. Yes, any more questions? 
 
Moderator: He disconnected the line. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Zaki Nasir. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Zaki Nasir: Good afternoon, Mr. Velu. Good afternoon, ma’am. And congratulations on our turnaround 
quarter. Sir, would we expect the full year to close with this kind of growth, the 20% you 
clocked on September to September? That is my question number one. Question number two 
is, TVS had a portfolio, in its portfolio, the camera business. So, I believe there are some 
regulatory changes in that. So, can you just throw some light on that and how would you  
want to take that forward? Thank you. 
 
A.K. Velu: As I mentioned in the beginning of the call, all of our growth initiatives started showing 
results. And we are expecting the same trend to continue in the coming quarter also. But as I 
mentioned on the strategies, we do not give any specific forward -looking statements. So, I  
am not able to quantify or give how much we will grow in the H2. As far as the camera, it is 
one of our products. But it is like all the other products. That is also in our product portfolio. 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
And we are focusing on selling all our product portfolio. We will not be able to give it for any 
specific product. But that is also part of our entire product portfolio. 
 
Zaki Nasir: Sir, in terms of most of these products, a lot of your competition was imported from China. 
So do you see the trends going down? 
 
A.K. Velu: See, most of the products are imported from China. It is not only camera. So, competition is 
there. But we have our USP, our GTM and our unique service reach and all those things and 
quality focus. So, with which we are able to import and sell all products  which we are  
focusing. 
 
Zaki Nasir: Thank you. Thank you, sir. Best wishes. 
 
A.K. Velu: Yes, welcome. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Patel, an individual investor. Please  
go ahead. 
 
Manan Patel: Am I audible? 
 
A.K. Velu: Yes, sir. 
 
Moderator: Yes, sir. 
 
Manan Patel: Thank you for the opportunity. And congratulations for the great set of numbers. Sir, the first 
question is related to the product group. So would you help? Can you help us break it up in 
terms of B2B and B2C revenues, which we do? Because, sir, your answe r that all the groups 
have done well is not very helpful. Because if I look at your page on Amazon, for example, it is 
very outdated page. I understand that you have launched printers for home news and home 
office and all those things. But I cannot find th ose on Amazon. Plus, if I look at Amazon page, 
you still have cameras there. But if I click on cameras, I do not find any cameras or CCTV 
cameras, especially. I am talking about Amazon and e -comm channels. So it would be helpful  
if you can help us understa nd the distribution strategy of the company. Are we present on e -
comm or e -comm is not on our radar? And how do we understand the products which are 
B2C? So it would be helpful if you can throw some granularity answer, like all the products 
have grown, does not help us at all. 
 
A.K. Velu: See, from the beginning, TVSE's focus is B2B. B2C, we just keep a presence to have a 
convenience for the customers. Anybody wants to buy individual customers; they can buy it. 
But TVSE, as a company, our focus is B2B. So, for the PSG, our product focus is all towards  
B2B customers. Hope that clarifies your question. 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
Manan Patel: So, the product l ounches, for example, new printers for home, office, home use and all, you 
will not be selling it through e-comm at all? 
 
A.K. Velu: The main, our GTM is through channel partners. Channel partners also have a good reach to 
retail customers. So, with that,  currently we are able to reach major part of retail customers. 
So, the e-commerce is just an additional enabler. Any customer willing to buy from them, so it 
is available in the e-commerce portal. 
 
Manan Patel: That is what I am asking, sir. It is not available in e-comm. So, if I want to buy a printer, should 
I go physically to the shop and buy it? Because your website also does not give a direct quote . 
I have to put an email; I have to put phone numbers and they will contact me. 
 
A.K. Velu: True. That is what our focus is not exactly B2C. So, our focus is B2B. So that is where all our 
products are. 
 
Manan Patel: A lot of small businesses also can buy on e-com. 
 
A.K. Velu: I think you can reach out to our customer service, they will support  you. If you have a specific 
requirement of our customer support, you can reach out. Or I can even inform my product 
team, my sales team person, if I will share your details, they will get in touch with you to 
address your requirements. 
 
Manan Patel: I am asking from an investor's perspective, this can help us substantially faster because there 
are very foreign companies an d printers that we make in India, a TVS Electronic product on 
Amazon. I am sure you will have a much faster growth. So that is it on products. The second 
question is on the EMS. So from what I understand, you were saying, we have added EMS 
business. It has grown around Rs. 3 crores, compared to last quarter. So again, have we done 
any business in EMS at all? Is it very small or has that business not started yet? From what I 
understand, the EMS head, Mr. Sathya, has also left the organization. So, can you gi ve some 
clarity on where this business is going for us? 
 
A.K. Velu: I think as captured by you; the CSS customer support business has grown by 10% over 
previous year. EMS as a service business is a part of the customer support service business. 
And as we have on-boarded a few customers, that also has contributed to the revenue in this 
quarter. And as regards to Sathya, it is unfortunate, his personal decision. So, we had to let it 
go. So that is the development as far as customer support service business is concerned. 
 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Manan, I would request you to kindly rejoin the queue for the follow -
up questions. 
 
Manan Patel: Okay ma’am. 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ganesha, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Ganesha: Hello. 
 
Moderator: Yes, sir, please proceed. 
 
Ganesha: Yes, hi. I just wanted to know about the EMS business. If we have got customers in EMS 
business, then how much time does it take to ramp up that business, like any particular client 
or, you know, it is onboard the company, then what would be the timeframe we can look at 
for ramping the business for this client, like two quarters, three quarters, like four quarters? 
Can you share some details? 
 
A.K. Velu: See, EMS business has a  long gestation period for onboarding a customer. Okay. Any other 
service business or our product business onboarding a customer may happen in one or two 
quarters. Whereas EMS business is a different segment, and it has a long duration gestation 
period to onboard a customer, which varies from three to four quarters, like it is like almost a 
year. Because the business development process is different from other businesses. 
 
Ganesha: Okay. So, we have on boarded some customers. So, in a one -year timeframe, we can see  
some ramp up from them, right? That is what you are saying. 
 
A.K. Velu: No, I am saying how the business development process happens. So, we are continuing to put 
our business development efforts. So, with that, we should see the customers onboarding to 
continue in the coming quarters as well, coming years as well. 
 
Ganesha: Okay, thank you. 
 
A.K. Velu: Welcome. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of S andeep Kumar Patwa, an individual  
investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: Yes, hi. Good evening. Am I audible? 
 
A.K. Velu: Yes. 
 
Moderator: Please proceed. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:   Yes, so, I have two, three questions. So, first of all, I am new to the company. So, I just wanted 
to understand your facility, which is at tumkur. So, the product which you manufacture, 
basically, the CCTV, barcode machines, printers, and all that. So, basically, you manufacture it, 
like, from the start, or you just assemble these products, like, raw materials are gathered 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
Page 8 of 14 
A.K. Velu: 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: 
A.K. Velu: 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:   
A.K. Velu: 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:    
A.K. Velu: 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:   
A.K. Velu: 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:   
A.K. Velu: 
from various locations, and you assemble or you manufacture these products? That is my first 
question. 
See, it  is  a mix.  Few  products,  we  manufacture. We  procure  all  the  raw  materials,  and  we 
manufacture in our Tumakuru factory. And few products, we import in SKD condition, and we 
assemble with some value add from our side. So, a few products, we directly trade. So, there 
are three kinds of segments in that product business. 
Okay, like, which three segments? 
Internally, if you say, there is a, we manufacture completely. We procure internally, and 
we manufacture. We import in SKD, and we assemble with value add from our side. Third is, 
we purely import and sell, trading. 
Okay. I understood. Okay. So, just, can you give me the details which you manufacture in your 
facility, like, products which you only manufacture in your facility? 
Those details are also covered in annu al report . If you see wh at are the products you 
manufacture, all those detailed information is available in the annual report. 
Okay. I mean, jus t, like, I was asking a couple, like, CCTV camera, your printer, all these, like, 
you might be manufacturing. 
The DM P is one o f the ke y products which we manufacture, which is a flagship product, 
keyboard and DMP printer, dot-matrix printer. 
Okay. And,  this  security  CCTV  camera,  which  government is also targeting  to  manufacture, 
Make In India. So, recently government has announced a tender. Indian Railways will require 
so much CCTV camera to be put in all the locomotives. So, are you exploring that venture? 
Like, are you forbidding for that, you know, for contract? 
We cannot  give  those  kinds  of  details,  because this  is  so  specific  question.  We  have 
participated in multiple government tenders, so we will not be able to share all the details, 
because it is all company confidential. 
Yes, but are you exploring in th at area? Like, going in th at area? Like would you company be 
interested in going to that area? 
See, our  sales team participates  in multiple tenders. So,  only  sales  team will  have detail of 
which one they participate or not. So, I will not be able to give a ready-made answer to your 
question, but we participate in multiple government tenders. That is our focus, because the 
government and BFSI are our focus segment. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
Page 9 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:   Okay understood. And regarding one more question regarding this EBITDA margin, what you 
have done around 2.76%. So, like, since your facility is being ramping up, like, operating 
leverage will also come into play in the coming quarters. So, is there a possibility of expansion 
in the EBITDA margin? 
 
A.K. Velu: I think, as the revenue scales in fixed cost remains at the same level, I think the margins 
should improve. That will be the natural phenomenon. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:   Okay. And, can you give me some c olor, your facility which is the Tumakuru, how much 
utilization has happened, like, any percentage or any metrics you track, how much optimum 
utilization can we expect from this facility so that the margins can be improved for the new 
metric or something? 
 
A.K. Velu: See, utilization, as I mentioned, you may not be able to correlate, but just to give a flavor for 
you, currently we are manufacturing only one shift. We have the capacity to manufacture in 
three-shift. So, that will directly, we can triple our production manufacturing capacity in the 
same facility. That is the kind of opportunity available to revenue as well as margins. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: Okay. So, currently you are doing only one shift? 
 
A.K. Velu: Yes. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:  So, are you seeing that demand going forward, you will be tripling the shift and something or 
maybe like that or improve the margins? 
 
A.K. Velu: It will be based on requirement. As the requirement grows, we will start moving the second 
shift and third shi ft as and when required. But that is the part that we will manage. We will 
not expand and invest without doing three-shift. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: Okay. And also in your business... 
 
Moderator: Mr. Sandeep Kumar, I would request you to rejoin the queue agai n for the follow -up 
questions as we have other participants waiting for their turn. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: Okay. 
 
Moderator: Yes. Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Abhijit from ABSEC. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Abhijit: Yes. Just a continuation of the earlier questions. There was a certificate which we had applied 
for if you can share the data. This was for the Auto EMS side. Have you received it and is it 
helpful for getting some clients for the same? 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
Page 10 of 14 
A.K. Velu: 
Abhijit: 
A.K. Velu: 
Abhijit: 
A.K. Velu: 
Abhijit: 
Moderator: 
Manan Patel: 
A.K. Velu: 
Manan Patel: 
A.K. Velu: 
Manan Patel: 
A.K. Velu: 
We h ave received a certification. And, yes, i t will be helpful fo r onboarding customers 
because that is the main purpose of obtaining a certificate. So, it will be helpful. 
Okay. And, alrigh t, th at is one thing . And, so, anything else which can be shared? Are we 
looking at multiple auto customers or is it anything based on that certificate? 
See, we are looking at multiple segments, multiple business vertic al customers. So, not only 
limited to auto, yes. 
Okay. Second  being, like  it  was  mentioned,  that  Mr.  Sathya  has  unfortunately  left. Are  we 
looking to  get a new  CEO  for  the same or  we  are  looking to  get it internally if  we  want  to 
manage it? 
I think we will do the necessary things at the right time. 
Great. Alright. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is fro m the line o f Manan Patel, an individu al investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Hello. So, sir wanted to understand employee cost. So, it has been inching up. So, now we are 
at the run rate of almost Rs. 85 crores. So, when do we expect this run rate to stabilize? 
See, in a growth  business, when you want to grow the business, also you have to invest in 
business development one. Then, when the business grows, operations people  you need to 
add. So,  both  this  you  will  see  that  we  have  to  invest  on.  So, you  will  see  the  growth  in 
employee cost, but it will be mainly growth driven. 
And sir, I wanted to understand  we had two launches like TVS Aikya, TVS AIDC. So,  I wanted 
to understand the  nature  of  these products or  services. So,  are  they like we  sell  them one 
time or they will have recurring revenue for us if you can explain both of them? 
It is the same product, TVS Aikya. It is under our customer support services where we provide 
IT infra management services using remote or a RIMS model, the remote infra management 
service model. So, this model we have developed and rolled out in the launch when 
we announced, which enables like we do not have to deploy all the people at their customer 
side. We can manage the maximum part of the work using our remote capabilities. That 
is the main USP of this product. 
So, sir, this is a one-time license sale or it will be a continuous recurring revenue for us? 
It will be a recurring revenue because i t will be an annual contrac t with an annu al recurring 
revenue. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
Page 11 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
Manan Patel: Okay, and what about AIDC? 
 
A.K. Velu: AIDC is part of one of the GTM products, PSG. It is a go to market approach like how we have 
a channel partner and corporate sales. It is another alternate distribution channel through 
which we are marketing a few of the specific products. 
 
Manan Patel: Okay, but that will not have a services component to it? 
 
A.K. Velu: No, that is a product business. So, that is a purely sales channel for our product business. 
 
Manan Patel: And, sir, last question, we had launched our products in, I think, Nepal and Sri Lanka. So, how 
is the traction there and can we see it growing substantially over the next few years? 
 
A.K. Velu: In Nepal and Sri Lanka, you mean? 
 
Manan Patel: Yes. 
 
A.K. Velu: Yes, I think we have established our sales channel in Nepal and Sri Lanka as part of our 
expanding sales channel. So, I think that is an nascent stage. It will take time to grow. It is a 
new initiative. 
 
Manan Patel: Yes, thank you. Thanks a lot, wish you all the best. 
 
A.K. Velu: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit, an individual investor. Please go  
ahead. 
 
Rohit: Hi, sir. This is Rohit. I just wanted to know, about 
 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt in between, Mr. Rohit. Your voice is not audible. 
 
Rohit: Hi, Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: Yes, you are audible, but your voice was breaking in between, sir. 
 
Rohit: I just wanted to know the utilization. I just wanted to know the utilization rate on the SMT  
line and also the status of the upcoming SMT lines as well. 
 
A.K. Velu: As I mentioned during the call, currently we are operating our Tumakuru facility in single-ship 
basis, and further investments in the SMT line will be decided based on the requirement from 
time-to-time basis. 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
Page 12 of 14 
Rohit: 
A.K. Velu: 
Rohit: 
A.K. Velu: 
Moderator: 
Ritik: 
Ritik: 
A.K. Velu: 
Ritik: 
A.K. Velu: 
Ritik: 
A.K. Velu: 
Ritik: 
A.K. Velu: 
Ritik: 
A.K. Velu: 
And, sir, I had one more question. What are the key industries we will be targeting through 
these SMT lines? 
See, as mentioned during the call, one is auto industry, then powe r electronics, then 
industrial electronics. So, these are the key focus areas. 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritik an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
So, congratulations sir, for a good set of numbers. So, my question, EMS side. So, what is the 
CAPEX plan? And how are you going to fund this CAPEX? 
Am I audible sir? Sir, I have a question from EMS side. So, what is the CAPEX plan? And how 
will you fund it? 
See, on the EMS side, we have, as of now, one line. And regarding the CAPEX, we invested Rs. 
15 crores for putting this entire line in place. Future investments, we will make  as and when 
required, so based on business requirements. 
Sir, I have another question. It is the last one. So, what is your target R&D expense as a 
percentage of revenue? 
I think our target is 2% to 3% to invest on the R&D and all the growth initiatives. 
Okay. And will it increase going forward or we want to keep it at this level? 
Yes, with revenue growth, the R&D amoun t in absolute number keeps growing. So, I think 
that the results should help us. 
And what will be the, like, so whatever R&D was going to expect, what sort of product that 
we can see coming up through this R&D? 
I think those details are covered in our annual report. See, we have a focusing for having our 
own IT products and our own improved existing products. Both are the initiatives which we 
are addressing through the R&D program. 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much for taking my questions and I will be back in queue. Thank you. 
Thank you so much. 
Thank you. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
Page 13 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next follow -up question is from the line of Sandeep Kumar Patwa, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:  Yes, hi, sir. Thank you for the follow -up question. Sir, my question was regarding, in your 
business, how is the business generation happens, like, you cater to B2B? So, is there some 
sort of order-booking we do? Like, any sort of order-booking we do first, and then we provide 
the customer according to how much they have ordered other products. Like, how does the 
business happen? Just wanted to have an idea on that. 
 
A.K. Velu: Yes, see, all the businesses, when it is a corporate sale, we have a funnel , then we create a 
customer order-book, then from there, it gets into conversion. So, that is the three stages. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:   Okay. So, in this, basically, we take some advances from the customer, or after the delivery of 
the finance, when we get the payment? 
 
A.K. Velu: It varies, because first we evaluate the customer's credit worthiness based on that we decide 
how much we can extend credit to them. Based on that, whether we have to take adv ance or 
credit based on this rating . So, it is purely base d on the customer's credit worthiness. We 
have an evaluation system on process. Based on this, we do the evaluation and decide these 
factors. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:  Okay. Also, some sort of order -book number we have, like, which we can share here are the 
orders outstanding, or is it not possible? 
 
A.K. Velu: That is, again, a forward-looking statement, as per the policy we do not share those details. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:  Okay. And one thing, in this year, this product, products, like, any mix of government 
contracts and private contracts, can you provide how much is government contracts and how 
much is private contracts? 
 
A.K. Velu: See, we will not be able to give a percentage, but government, BFSI, and retail sector are our 
key focus sectors. Now manufacturing and logistic are also getting added to that. So, these  
are our focus sectors. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa:  Okay. And if you can sh are some percentage CAGR growth, you are targeting from a higher 
perspective, anything, in terms of revenue. 
 
A.K. Velu: It has become a forward -looking statement. I can talk about past. Past, we have grown 18% 
CAGR. 
 
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: Okay. Sure, sir. Thank you, sir. 
 
A.K. Velu: Yes. Okay. Thank you. 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
Page 14 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
 
A.K. Velu: Thanks, everyone. Thanks for your valuable time and feedback. We are looking forward to 
meeting you on the next half of the year. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of TVS Electronics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 