
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
November 13, 2025 
To,                  To,  
Corporate Relationship Department                          Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                                       Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C-1, 
Mumbai — 400 001                                                              G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
                                                                                                     Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code:  532875                                                             Scrip Symbol: ADSL 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/Investors earnings Call pertaining to Financial Results for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025   
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are submitting the Transcripts of Earnings Call held on Monday, 
November 10, 2025, in respect of the financial results for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025.   
The same can also be viewed at https://www.allieddigital.net/in/earning-conference-call 
This is for your information and records.  
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
_______________________ 
Khyati Shah 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
November 10, 2025 
 
Call Duration • 33 minutes and 19 seconds 
Management 
Attendees 
• Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director  
• Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan, Global Head Strategy responsible for 
Growth, Innovation and Partnerships 
• Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole-time Director 
• Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO  
• Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during 
Q&A session 
• Kunal Bajaj – Choice India 
• Jyoti Singh – Arihant Capital Markets 
• Nishita Shanklesha – Sapphire Capital 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Allied Digital 
Services Limited’s Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing s tar then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR 
India. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani: Thank you, Renju. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining 
us on Allied Digital Services Limited's Earnings Call for the Second 
Quarter of FY '25-'26.  
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Nitin Shah, Founder and CMD; 
Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan, Global Head of Strategy for Growth, 
Innovation and Partnerships; Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole -Time Director; 
Mr. Paresh Shah, Global Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gopal  
Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer. 
 We will begin with comments from Mr. Nehal Shah, who will cover 
recent developments across the business. Mr. Paresh Shah will then 
discuss the operational performance and order wins, followed by Mr. 
Gopal Tiwari, who will walk us through the financial hig hlights. 
Thereafter, we will open the call for the Q&A session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward -looking in nature, and a 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings documents 
that have been shared with all of you earlier. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Nehal Shah for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Nehal. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you, Mayank. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for 
joining us today. I hope you have had a chance to review the earnings 
material we shared earlier.  
We are pleased to report a strong performance in the second quarter, 
continuing the momentum from the start of the financial year as we 
have reported consolidated revenues of Rs. 234 crore, registering 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 3 of 15 
growth of 15% year -over-year. This has been a quarter of strong 
execution as we have delivered revenue growth of 7% on a quarter -
on-quarter basis. We have witnessed business verticals, as well as 
across all geographies, which is reflected in the broad -based growth 
this quarter. 
Importantly, this has been accompanied by strong improvement in 
profitability, too. In quarter 2, PBT has grown by 32% year -over-year 
to Rs. 21 crore and PAT has increased by 33% year -on-year to Rs. 15 
crore. 
 During the quarter, Rest of the World operations reported a year -on-
year growth of 17%, driven by improving traction in our U.S. business. 
Meanwhile, execution in Europe and the Middle East progressed well, 
contributing steadily to a diversified global revenue base and healthy 
order pipeline.  
India operations continued to grow double -digit revenue with 
standalone revenues rising 12% year -on-year in quarter 2 FY '26, 
supported by healthy momentum across both the enterprise and the 
government segment. The strong traction in the smart city project s, 
following a series of meaningful order wins in recent quarters 
underscores our ability to execute at scale as India advances its 
digital infrastructure. 
From a segmental perspective, our Services business grew 17% year-
on-year, while Solutions revenue increased by 8%. As many of you are 
aware, the Solutions segment often acts as strategic feeder to our 
Services business, generating recurring revenues and providing long-
term stability to operations.  
Reflecting the renewed enterprise sentiments, revenues from 
nongovernment customers increased 18% year -on-year, outpacing 
growth from the government segment, which reported 7% year -on-
year growth. This shift highlights the strengthening engagement and 
investment appetite among the enterprise clients as they revive their 
digital transformation plans. 
During the quarter, we recorded an order intake of approximately Rs. 
698 crore, further strengthening our order book. This includes both 
new order wins and annual renewals of multiyear contracts. Over the 
past few quarters, consistent high-quality wins have helped us build 
a diversified portfolio, enhancing long -term growth vis ibility and 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 4 of 15 
business resilience. Paresh, our Global CEO will share more insights 
on this shortly. 
A particularly noteworthy milestone this quarter was successful 
completion of the new Command and Control center for the Pune 
Smart City project in August 2025. As you may recall, we have secured 
the initial order and a subsequent follow -up order together 
aggregating to Rs. 510 crore in October '24 and May 25, respectively. 
In August 2025, we proudly handed over the cutting -edge Command 
and Control center named Drishti, developed by us as a part of the 
Pune City Surveillance project. The facility was inaugurated by the 
Honourable Chief Minister of Maharashtra Shri Devendra Fadnavis in 
the presence of the Honourable Deputy Chief Minister, Shri. Ajit 
Pawar. 
Drishti represents one of the most advanced CCTV -based 
surveillance system in the country. The network comprises over 2,800 
cameras installed across the city, features automated alerts for 
camera malfunctions with a 24-hour repair guarantee, and integrates 
public address system at key junctions. 
 Additionally, 5 mobile command and control brands equipped with 
drones have been introduced to function as mini Commissionerates  
during the emergency and disasters. We believe this project sets a 
benchmark for urban surveillance and public safety. We are 
confident that similar opportunities will emerge as India continues to 
upgrade, its own security infrastructure in the coming years. 
Another positive development during the quarter was a sustained 
momentum in order flows. We see abundant opportunities within the 
ecosystem and remain confident that our order pipeline will stay 
robust. While maintaining strict discipline to protect our th reshold 
margins, we continue to evaluate strategically significant 
opportunities, including those with tighter pricing that hold the 
potential to deliver superior margins and long -term value creation 
over time. 
I will now invite Paresh Shah, our CEO, to share further insights on the 
performance and outlook. Over to you Paresh. 
Paresh Shah: Yes. Thank you, Nehal and good morning, everyone. It is great to be 
speaking with you again. The second quarter has been a period of 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 5 of 15 
steady growth and continued execution momentum for Allied Digital. 
We have maintained our focus on strengthening global delivery, 
enhancing operational excellence and deepening our relationships 
with marquee customers across industries and geographies. 
Our efforts to build a robust and diversified portfolio are bearing really 
good fruit with significant new wins across both international and 
domestic markets. During the quarter, we continued to strengthen 
our client portfolio through several strategic wi ns and renewals. Let 
me share a few highlights from these engagements. 
We are proud to have been chosen by a leading global health care and 
pharmaceutical company with operations spanning several 
countries. This engagement further reinforces our credibility in 
developing complex enterprise -scale workplace services that 
support the mission-critical operations of global enterprises. 
 In the retail and consumer segment, we secured a multiyear 
partnership with one of the largest iconic apparel groups, the parent 
company of brands like Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein. Through this 
engagement, Allied Digital will enable digital workplace and retail 
infrastructure service across their offices, warehouses and stores 
worldwide, further strengthening our position as a trusted partner for 
large, distributed retail ecosystems. 
We also expanded our presence in the industrial technology and 
safety solutions domain through a new engagement with a global 
leader in fire, flame and gas detection system. This partnership 
underscores our growing expertise in delivering reliable digital 
workplace solutions in safety critical environments.  
On the domestic front, we continue to diversify meaningfully.  We 
partnered with a leading plotted land development company 
headquartered out of in Mumbai to provide CCTV and networking 
solutions across multiple states and also renewed an engagement 
with a key government agency responsible for infrastructure planning 
and other urban development in Rajasthan. 
Alongside these new engagements, we successfully renewed 
contracts and several long -standing clients across BFSI, chemicals, 
textiles, mining, automobile parts, FMCG, sports and gas distribution. 
These renewals reflect the enduring trust our customers place in our 
capabilities, service reliability and innovation-driven approach. 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 6 of 15 
Collectively, these wins and renewals reinforce the strength of our 
global delivery model and the depth of our technology expertise. As 
we move into the second half of the year, our focus remains on 
scaling execution, leveraging automation and AI and servi ce delivery 
and driving value for clients through transformation-led initiatives. 
 With a strong pipeline and growing customer confidence, we are well 
positioned to sustain the positive momentum in the quarter ahead.  
Now I will hand over to our CFO, Mr. Gopal Tiwari, who will share an 
overview of the financial performance for the quarter gone by. 
Gopal Tiwari: Thank you, Paresh, and good afternoon, everyone.  
Let me begin by sharing some of key financial highlights for Q2 FY '26. 
We are pleased to report continued strong momentum in our 
business as reflected in robust double -digit growth in top line 
performance. 
Revenues for Q2 FY '26 stood at Rs. 234 crore, representing a year -
on-year growth of 15%. This also marks the highest ever quarterly 
revenue in our history, putting us firmly on track to surpass our stated 
target of Rs. 250 crore in quarterly revenues. To further illustrate the 
expanding scale of our operations, our trailing 12 months revenue 
now stands at approximately Rs. 878 crore compared to Rs, 807 crore 
for the full year FY '25. This clearly demonstrates the solid progress 
we are making and our teams remain fully aligned towards achieving 
our next milestone of Rs. 1,000 crore in annualized revenue. 
 In Q2 FY '26, EBITDA grew by 23% year -on-year basis to Rs. 28 crore. 
As our top line continued to expand, we are seeing a parallel increase 
in profitability also. However, the environment remains challenging 
with persistent customer pricing pressure. 
To mitigate this, we continue to maintain operational flexibility and 
agility to ensure that our margin performance remains resilient. Our 
teams are working actively to enhance efficiencies, and we typically 
see margin improvements as contracts mature, and initial setup 
activities are completed. That said, given the upfront costs 
associated with the commencement of a few large contracts, cost 
pressures persisted this quarter as well. 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 7 of 15 
With disciplined cost management and agile execution, we have been 
able to ensure stability in margins during the quarter. We do expect 
margin pressure to continue over the next 3 to 4 quarters, but our 
focus remains on maximizing operating leverage as top  line growth 
continues. 
 This quarter, we have also reported our half yearly balance sheet and 
cash flow statement. It is evident that the execution of orders has 
required upfront deployment of financial resources. I would like to 
assure our stakeholders that we had anticipated these requirements 
and proactively put in place adequate measures. 
In addition to the strong cash position on our books, we have 
diversified banking relationships and access to multiple sources of 
funding, keeping us well placed to support both ongoing projects and 
new orders win. With that, I conclude my remarks. 
Thank you once again, and I will hand over to the moderator to open 
the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on your 
touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue you may press star and two. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. 
The first question comes from the line of Kunal Bajaj from Choice 
India. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Bajaj: Hello good morning, all. Congratulations on good set of results. I have 
3 broad questions. Firstly, what we see is that subcontractor costs 
rose by 11% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So, what factors led to this 
increase on a sequential basis?  
And in the last con call, the management has mentioned that they are 
establishing a direct sales and partnership network, which will aid in 
providing margin resilience. So, what is an update on that? 
And thirdly, on the macro factor, I mean, how are we seeing that U.S. 
enterprises are taking ahead in terms of spending? And also, are still 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 8 of 15 
the pricing pressure there in terms of deal negotiations with them? 
These are broad 3 questions. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you, Kunal, for your questions. I would want you to repeat the 
first question, but before that, I will give you the answer for the next 2 
ones.  
So, for the direct sales update, let me tell you that we have hired a 
Chief Revenue Officer for our U.S. subsidiary, who is going to be 
working directly for acquiring large direct clients.  Typically, from a 
strategy perspective, we have done straight that we are going to be 
targeting small and medium enterprises in the U.S., which sit in the 
periphery, which will help us in starting with a good revenue from a 
direct source. So probably in the coming quarters, we will have more 
updates. Maybe the order size could be smaller, but we will start 
getting some direct customers coming up. 
And from a pricing pressure perspective, yes, we have started getting 
some good deals in the U.S., which we have announced also, and 
there are good deals in the pipeline as well. But you rightly mentioned 
that there is still some pricing pressures due to the environment that 
is there in the U.S. and I think it will continue for a couple of quarters 
more. 
 But having said that, the pipeline looks okay. A lot of renewals, a lot of 
change of deals happening everywhere across the IT industry. One of 
the major reasons for that is the pricing negotiation that is happening 
left right centre. So we are also on that line, and I feel that we will see 
some progress on that as well. Now if you could repeat your first 
question, please. 
Kunal Bajaj: Sure. Thanks for the update. The first question was being on the point 
of subcontractor cost. So, it rose sharply this quarter. So, what are 
the factors leading to this increase? 
Gopal Tiwari: Subcontractor is not very clear. Where from you are coming, I mean, 
Kunal, can you tell which figure you are talking about? Subcontractor 
means direct cost, you are talking about purchase cost? 
Kunal Bajaj: Yes, yes. Yes, it is direct cost. 
Gopal Tiwari: Okay. So there, you can see it depends on the Solution activities. In 
any quarter, if Solution piece is a little heavy or we have more supply 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 9 of 15 
of equipment for the projects for the smart city projects. So, then this 
figure goes a little high. But by and large, it is in the range you will see 
overall, if it is 50% to 55% is the overall purchase cost is there. But it 
depends sometimes there is a supply of material is more in any 
quarter, then your purchase cost goes high. So last quarter, it was the 
reason. 
Paresh Shah: So, as you know, we are implementing large Pune City projects. So 
currently, we are a lot into solution space. So that time, we use 
subcontractors for local equipment implementation, cablings and 
also, you have a quarter of increase in costs at that time, but  it then 
subsides that is what Gopal is trying to say. 
Kunal Bajaj: Sure, sure. And last question on the large deal which we won last 
quarter. So, what is the update on that? Have we started ramping up? 
And when are we expecting the revenue from that particular deal from 
the pharmaceutical health care company in the Europe? 
Nehal Shah: Yes. Correct, correct. So, we have started already hiring, and we have 
almost completed all our hiring for the Europe and the U.S. region s. 
We have accrued some amount from a billing perspective. However, 
the go -live is phased out in the month of December, January and 
February. So, as we move forward, the go-live dates are coming in the 
next 3 months. Post that, we should be able to bill out completely. The 
transition is getting built currently. 
Kunal Bajaj: Okay. So, from Q4, we expect some revenue coming forward? 
Nehal Shah: Q1 of next year should be having the full revenue because until the 
February of next year, we would be still doing the go -live for different 
countries. So, the full revenue for the whole quarter will be coming in 
from the first quarter of next year. 
Kunal Bajaj: Okay. And one very last question on the Smart City projects pipeline. 
So how do we see that pipeline going ahead? 
Nehal Shah: The pipeline there is strong. I do feel that there are certain projects 
that we are hiring right now. There is a project in the Pune city itself 
where there is some additional revenue expected. There are 2 or 3 
more smart cities coming up. I already mentioned about Noida in my 
previous call. Due to some budget constraints, it had got delayed a 
bit. We have got all the budget clearance coming in from the 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 10 of 15 
government. And I think the RFP should be out or while we are talking 
RFP is already out and the bidding is underway. 
Apart from that, there is a large project which is due for renewal in 
Mumbai. We are still figuring out strategically to partner with 
someone to bid for that project. We will keep all of you updated. This 
should be in the month of December or January. It i s a very large 
project, close to about Rs. 2,100 crore. So , we are figuring out to 
partner with somebody and do it together so that all of us could bid 
together. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star 
and one to ask a question. Next question comes from the line of Jyoti 
Singh with Arihant Capital Markets Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: Yes, thank you. Basically, my question is on the order book side. Like 
currently, we are having Rs. 698 crore of new wins, so just wanted to 
understand how much of this is a net new versus expansions? And 
also, the current order book size and execution visibility over the next 
12 to 18 months? And are there large government or smart city 
opportunity in pipeline post Pune Drishti? 
And how should we think about quarterly revenue volatility given 
project-based execution cycle? And after all of this, just wanted to 
understand on the government budget side, the relief of the fund. Are 
we are facing any delays because a lot of other comp anies facing 
similar kind of issues and why it is happening, if we can explain on that 
side? Thank you. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you, Jyoti. I think too many questions, but I will try to answer 
most of them. From a revenue perspective, 85% to 90% revenue has 
come in as net new for us this quarter, the announcement that we 
have done for Rs. 700 crore approximately. 
From the government standpoint, I think a project perspective, I 
already gave you an update in the previous question. From the budget 
perspective, I think when the budget is allocated for any project, there 
is not a problem in getting the monies out. Yes, there could be some 
delays, maybe 2 weeks, 3 weeks, 4 weeks here and there.  But apart 
from that, if something is budgeted for, we do not see a challenge of 
them not giving out the money on -time, whether it is any state 
government or any central government or any other projects that we 
are doing. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 11 of 15 
 The only point is that sometimes when the budgets are not there, the 
government is smart enough to not go ahead with the RFP so that 
nobody gets stuck later on. And similar case happened with Noida, 
which got delayed a bit since the budgets were not in place for the last 
quarter. So that is how government is working. 
I think we are very confident that once we go for a bid, there could be 
minor delays, which are very, very agreeable and achievable. But 
apart from that, there are no major concerns that we see from a 
collection perspective. 
Jyoti Singh: Thank you, sir. I just wanted to understand on the outlook side, what 
is our revenue margin growth aspiration for FY26, FY27? And any 
smart city projects nearing compensation where do you see the next 
growth engine and also any guidance on the CAGR growth on the 
EBITDA? 
Nehal Shah: Yes. So, I will tell you from a growth perspective, this year, it is been 
great for us because we have got a very large project in Pune, which is 
under implementation right now. Similarly, we are also expanding in 
Europe. We are hiring close to about 120, 130 peop le in Europe, and 
we look forward to have great European operations as well, 
specifically in the countries like Germany and Switzerland. While we 
are doing this, we are also investing a lot in making sure that we are 
being compliant across all levels. 
And there is a little bit of more investment going towards making sure 
that we are operationally capable to deliver all of this while we are not 
present completely in those countries. So certain amount of 
investments are going , which will typically have a little bit of margin 
pressures for the next 3 to 4 quarters. But once we are set and up and 
going, we should be coming back to our margins about 12% to 13%. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nishita Shanklesha 
with Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Hello. So, I just had 2 questions. So, you mentioned that once the 
margin pressure is off, we should be able to achieve the target of 12% 
to 13%. So, what will be the driver for us achieving this 12% to 13%? 
Nehal Shah: Thanks. I think the answer to this is that most of our orders, if you see 
are for a period of 3 to 5 years. So typically, when we start, we start 
with some extra load to make sure that the delivery is in place, 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 12 of 15 
operations are happening perfectly fine. And once the delivery is 
stable, that is when we start optimizing our cost. 
So typically, whenever we go in a large deal in the second or the third 
year, we are able to optimize our cost and get better margins. So, this 
is one of the reasons, the major reason where we feel that operational 
efficiency will help us in bettering our EBITDA. 
Even from a smart city perspective, if you see the first 12 months are 
typically the implementation phase. Once we go from the 
implementation phase to the O&M phase, where we are just doing the 
operations and maintenance of the project, that is where we ge t 
another leverage of improving our margins. 
Ramanan R: Can I add to what Nehal has said? 
Nehal Shah: Yes, sir. 
Ramanan R: Yes. So, see, overall, Allied Digital strategy is, one, we are focusing 
more on value-added Solutions and Services, and that is going to be 
an increasing component of our Services, both in 3 markets. One is 
through our partners, where we are going to add greater value, not just 
in terms of the Infrastructure Management Services that we are 
currently very proficient in, but also in application support and AI -
based technology management support. So, because of that, you are 
going to see increased value and thereby, that is going to be more 
profitable business from the point of view of our execution.  
Number two is we are also positioning ourselves in the enterprise 
sector in a big way. Many of our wins over the last year have been in 
the enterprise sector in India.  And we are also increasing our direct 
customers market in the U.S. and in other parts of the world. So that, 
again, enables us to be better positioned for increasing value and 
thereby increasing our margins. 
 And the third part is in the entire space in India, which is smart cities, 
there is going to be a whole lot of focus on smart infrastructure that 
the government is very keen on. There is a huge geopolitical shuffle 
that is happening that is going to creat e increased demand for the 
services that Allied Digital is being able to position in the 
marketplace, whether it be in terms of application development, 
smart city solutions, large system integration projects. And our focus, 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 13 of 15 
again, here is more in the value -adding and the solutioning servicing 
part. And these lend themselves to better margins.  
So, from a strategic point of view, the way we are positioning 
ourselves in the market is to be able to go for high -margin solutions. 
At the same time, we are also in the solutions business, as Nehal 
said, there will be a portion of the business that would be during the 
implementation phase. And then the subsequent long -term service 
portion will be where the greater margins will kick in. 
So these are all the steps that we are doing in order to make sure that 
not only are we becoming efficient in using technology and AI -based 
technology for more intelligent management of our services, but also 
diversifying in the areas of our operation, in the customer base that 
we are addressing and in the partnerships that we are developing. 
Paresh Shah: Yes. Just to give an example, as Mr. Nehal and Mr. Ramanan pointed 
out, if you look at Pune City, we already had one phase of going live 
with the Phase 1. Now the Phase 2 also will go live. So, after that, there 
will be a lot of services. So , services revenue will really kick in more 
margins as simple as that. We are looking at not more than a quarter 
or maximum 2 quarters to see how the service level will bring in new 
margins with a much higher margin. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Understood. So, I just wanted to understand, you mentioned that in 
the smart city, the initial phase of the implementation phase where 
there is margin pressure, like all the orders are 3 to 5 years. So is this 
cyclical like any order that you get so the margin pressure will be there 
initially and then the margins will improve. So , are there any 
fluctuation in the margin? 
Ramanan R: Yes. Typically, in a smart city project, there are two components. One 
is a system integration component, which calls for hardware, 
software, system integration and the implementation of that. The 
software part is always generally profitable. The hardware part, the 
margins are under pressure because the hardware is a commodity 
item, but which is necessary for a large-scale system integration or a 
smart city project. 
So, the real margins kick in during the service phase or in the areas 
where we are adding value to the integration portion of the Smart City 
solution, not in the procurement portion, but in the integration 
portion. 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 14 of 15 
So therefore, there will be always pressure in the initial stage of 
implementation if there is a significant portion of hardware. But if 
there is a significant portion of integration and software, which is 
where we are targeting our services towards, then the margin 
becomes better. 
But in the subsequent phase, which lasts for 4 to 5 years, if not more, 
as in the Pune City project, you have that sort of work that we are 
doing is high margin. And therefore, the service component will 
enable us to position ourselves at higher margin. So  that is this 
cyclical, I would not say cyclical, but that is the normal phase of a 
large-scale system integration project. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay. Okay. Understood. Okay. And my next question is on the 64% 
of like Rest of the World revenue that we are doing, how much does 
the U.S. contribute in that? 
Paresh Shah: Of the total revenues? 
Nishita Shanklesha: Yes. 
Gopal Tiwari: The portion is generally 65:35. Our 65% revenue comes from U.S. 
market and balance 35% is India and Rest of the World. That is the 
revenue mix. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay. Okay. So, 65% is from the U.S. and from India and the Rest of 
the World, it is 35%. 
Gopal Tiwari: Yes, yes. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay. Okay. Understood. And any revenue guidance for FY '27, if you 
would like to know. 
Nehal Shah: We have been maintaining that we will be doing Rs. 1,000 crore in the 
next 2 or 3 quarters. We are targeting to end this year, if not, then 
maybe probably next year that we should be on the way for a Rs. 250 
crore kind of a quarter, which will help us to achieve Rs. 1,000 crore 
revenue. So, we are inching towards that. 
If you see slowly from Rs. 200 crore we have reached about Rs. 230 
crore, Rs. 235 crore. We want to inch towards Rs. 250 crore quarter, 
which will help us to do the Rs. 1,000 crore. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 15 of 15 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay. So, we expect to reach Rs. 250 crore run rate for a quarter by 
Q4? 
Nehal Shah: Yes, that is the target. If not Q4, then Q1, depending upon when the 
billing happens and stuff. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, 
we have reached the end of question -and-answer session. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you for your participation and engagement during today's call. 
In closing, I would like to reiterate that with the strong traction in new 
order wins and healthy execution pipeline, we remain firmly on 
course to achieve our target of Rs. 1,000 crore in annual revenues in 
the near future. 
For the past couple of years, we have embarked on a comprehensive 
transformation journey that spans governance, transparency, human 
resources, leadership development and our sales and marketing 
framework. These initiatives are creating a stronger, more agi le and 
future-ready organization, ensuring that our growth is sustainable, 
holistic and not limited to financial metrics alone. 
If you have any additional questions or require further information 
about our company, please feel free to reach to our team or contact 
CDR India. We appreciate your continued support and confidence in 
Allied Digital. We will get back to you next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Allied Digital Services Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 