
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
August 11, 2025 
To,                  To,  
Corporate Relationship Department                          Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                                       Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C-1, 
Mumbai — 400 001                                                              G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
                                                                                                     Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code:  532875                                                             Scrip Symbol: ADSL 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/Investors earnings Call pertaining to F inancial Results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2025   
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations"), we are submitting the Transcripts of Earnings Call 
held on Wednesday, August 06, 2025, in respect of the financial results for the quarter  ended 
June 30, 2025.   
The same can also be viewed at https://www.allieddigital.net/in/earning-conference-call 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
 
_______________________ 
Khyati Shah 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
  
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
August 06, 2025 
 
Call Duration • 49 minutes and 03 seconds 
Management 
Attendees 
• Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director  
• Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole-time Director 
• Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO  
• Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan, Global Head - Strategy  
• Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during 
Q&A session 
• Jyoti Singh – Arihant Capital Markets 
• Kunal Bajaj – Choice India 
• Jayshree Bajaj – Trinetra Asset Managers 
• Santosh – Individual Investor 
• Pratik Dedhia – Individual Investor 
• Bhupendra Mantri – Individual Investor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Allied Digital 
Services Limited Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen -only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR 
India. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani: Thank you, Yusuf. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for 
joining us on Allied Digital Services Limited's Earnings Call for the 1 st 
Quarter of FY '25-'26. 
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Nitin Shah – CMD; Mr. Nehal 
Shah – Whole Time Director; Mr. Paresh Shah – Global CEO; Mr. 
Ramanan Ramanathan – Global Head of Strategy; and Mr. Gopal 
Tiwari – Chief Financial Officer. 
We will begin with comments from Mr. Nehal Shah who will cover 
recent developments across the business. Mr. Paresh Shah will then 
discuss the operational performance and order wins, followed by Mr. 
Gopal Tiwari who will walk us through the financial highli ghts. 
Thereafter, we will open the call for the Q&A session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward -looking in nature and a 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings documents 
that have been shared with all of you earlier. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Nehal Shah for his 
Opening Remarks. Over to you, Nehal. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you, Mayank. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for 
joining us today. I hope you have had a chance to review the earnings 
material we shared earlier. 
We are pleased to report a promising start to FY '25 -'26 with a solid 
performance in the first quarter as we have reported consolidated 
revenues of Rs. 219 crore, registering growth of 22% year -on-year. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 3 of 20 
Our performance this quarter has been characterized by broad-based 
growth driven by continued execution of our business pipeline.  
Our India operations have been the primary growth driver with the 
standalone revenues rising 27% year -on-year in Quarter 1 FY '26, 
driven by accelerating momentum in both enterprise and government 
segments.  
The momentum we are seeing in the Smart City revenues on the back 
of the meaningful order wins over the last several quarters 
underscore our ability to execute at scale as India advances its digital 
infrastructure. As technology and governance increasingly intersect, 
we are proud to contribute towards building smarter, more 
connected communities across key cities. 
Our international business is showing encouraging signs of recovery. 
In the U.S., enterprise clients are re -engaging with clarity and 
renewed intent, signaling a gradual return to confident decision -
making and a willingness to commit to long -term transform ation 
programs.  
At the same time, conversations with prospective clients across 
Europe and Middle East point to growing interest and a more 
consistent contribution to a diversified revenue base and global order 
pipeline.  
Segment-wise, our Services business grew by 20% year -on-year, 
while Solutions revenue rose by 32%. As many of you know, the 
Solutions segment often serves as a pipeline for our Services 
business, which generates recurring revenues and provides long -
term stability.  
We recorded order intake of around Rs. 185 crore this quarter, further 
strengthening our order book. This includes new order wins as well as 
annual renewals of multi-year contracts. Over the past few quarters, 
consistent high -quality wins have helped us to  build a more 
diversified portfolio, enhancing our long-term growth visibility. Paresh 
Shah, our CEO, will share more on this shortly.  
Importantly, we are seeing an increase in the average ticket size of 
new wins, an increasing sign of our growing value proposition and the 
trust our clients place in. I am sure all of you have followed our 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 4 of 20 
announcement this morning regarding winning of Rs. 420 crore multi-
year order with a leading pharma Company in Europe. We are already 
in the transition phase as hiring is underway with “go-live” scheduled 
for September. 
One of the key challenges we are facing is the growing pressure from 
customers to control costs. With budgets under tighter scrutiny and 
persistent inflationary pressures, customers are seeking highly 
competitive pricing and aggressively changing vendors to realize cost 
savings. This trend is not isolated. It reflects a broader industry -wide 
phenomenon, and we anticipate this will continue over next three to 
four quarters. 
Under normal circumstances, we maintain a firm stance on pricing to 
protect our threshold margin, with a willingness to let go business 
that is below our threshold. However, the current environment calls 
for a more strategic and flexible approach.  
Looking ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic, with 
macroeconomic uncertainties persist. We are encouraged by the 
early sense of recovery in discretionary spending and continued 
customer engagement. The strong business momentum from the last 
3 quarters, c oupled with a healthy deal pipeline and increased win 
rates, position us well to deliver consistent growth in the coming 
quarters.  
Having added some sizable orders in recent months and quarters, 
including the large order win announced this morning, and given the 
strong execution momentum , w e are confident in our ability to 
sustain this growth trajectory throughout FY '26 and beyond.  
That's all from my side. I hand over to Mr. Paresh Shah – Global CEO, 
who will walk you through the order book and strategic initiatives in 
more detail. 
Paresh Shah: Thank you, Nehal. Good afternoon, everyone. I want to start by 
thanking you for joining us today for our Q1 FY '26 Earning Call.  
This quarter, our focus on targeted innovation and global reach has 
translated into tangible business success. We have seen a healthy 
flow of wins and renewals, underscoring the strong value proposition 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 5 of 20 
we offer our clients. Our team has delivered impactful solutions 
across multiple sectors, and I am proud of the work we have done.  
Here is a look of some of the key wins for this quarter.  
As already announced, we won a very large deal with the 
pharmaceutical giant globally of a deal worth of Rs. 421 crore for 5 
years for doing digital transformation for their end-user services.  
I will further announce that in India, we are deploying AI-based video 
analytics for a leading real estate developer to enhance human safety 
on construction sites and executing a turnkey networking and 
surveillance project for a new university campus in Hyderabad.  
We have also secured a project with a major Indian fashion retailer to 
implement a face recognition solution for employee productivity 
tracking across their 800 plus stores.  
Our work extends to critical infrastructure where we provide CCTV 
AMC services for a leading power sector brand and a turnkey 
surveillance and PA system for a major transportation and logistics 
Company.  
On the Services front, we will be providing managed services, service 
desk, and end -user services to a very large global provider of digital 
business transformation and consulting.  
Our cybersecurity expertise is also in high demand as we conduct an 
IT ISO 27001 audit for a power transmission and renewable 
generation Company and a security operation center assessment for 
the old and large commercial bank in Bhutan. 
Moving to the U.S., we have been awarded a three-year contract by a 
leading global investment bank to provide comprehensive workplace 
support services across North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific.  
A global leader in premium fuel systems, a large e-charging Company 
has chosen us for a digital workplace services contract to support 
their employees and contractors across the U.S., Latin America, 
Europe, and Asia Pacific. 
Finally, we are a strong partner for a newly independent global 
recognized premium ice cream brand providing 24 by 7 global 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 6 of 20 
services operations as they establish a robust standalone IT 
infrastructure.  
These wins demonstrate our ability to adopt, innovate and deliver 
impactful results for our clients on a global scale. We are confident in 
our position and look forward to the opportunities ahead. 
I will now hand it over to our CFO – Mr. Gopal Tiwari, who will provide 
a detailed overview of our financial performance for this quarter. 
Thank you.  
Gopal Tiwari: Thank you, Paresh, and good afternoon, everyone.  
Let me highlight some of the key financial achievements in Q1 FY '26: 
We are pleased to report continued strong double-digit growth in our 
top-line performance. Revenue for Q1 FY '26 stood at Rs. 219 crore, 
reflecting a 22% year -on-year increase. This marks the fourth 
consecutive quarter with revenues exceeding Rs. 200 crore , 
showcasing the underlying momentum of the business.  
To further illustrate the expanding scale of our operations, our trailing 
12 months revenue now stands at approximately Rs. 850 crore. This 
represents a meaningful increase from Rs. 807 crore reported for the 
full year FY 2025 and indicates the solid progr ess we are making 
towards our goal of achieving Rs. 1,000 crore in annualized revenue. 
As we evaluate our performance, I would like to begin with a 
disclaimer. The consequential comparison with Q4 FY '25 is not very 
meaningful, as that quarter included several one -time items and 
adjustments. You may recall that our new auditors conducted a 
multi-year rev iew of our financial statements, and the resulting 
adjustments were incorporated into Q4 FY '25 only. Therefore, Q1 FY 
'26 figures are more appropriately compared with Q1 of the previous 
year, allowing for an apples-to-apples comparison.  
In Q1 FY '26, EBITDA rose by 16% year -on-year basis to Rs. 22 crore. 
While we continue to see strong visibility in top -line growth, margin 
pressures are expected to persist over next three to four quarters.  
As Nehal mentioned earlier, customer pricing pressure remains a key 
challenge. In response, we are maintaining operational flexibility and 
agility to ensure our margin performance remains resilient. 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 7 of 20 
Our teams are actively working to drive efficiencies, and we tend to 
see margins improve as contracts mature once initial activities are 
complete and processes are fully established.  
This quarter, there was also an impact due to the recognition of 
deferred tax assets. In contrast, Q1 of the previous year had negligible 
impact from deferred tax. This has augmented the year -on-year 
increase in profit after tax, which rose by 44% to Rs. 14 crore.  
I am also pleased to inform that Board have declared 30% dividend as 
in the last previous year in '23-'24 for the year '24-'25 again this year.  
With this, I conclude here. Thank you so much. I will now hand over to 
the moderator to open the forum for Q&A session. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. First question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant 
Capital Markets. Please go ahead.  
Jyoti Singh: Sir, just wanted to understand, like, revenue from India grew strongly 
this quarter. So, is this because of any specific sector, like 
Government or Enterprises that are driving growth? And is this 
sustainable into H2? And second, with India now contributing 37% of 
our revenue, and earlier we used to say that our focus is basically 
more on U.S. and other geograph ies. So, do you foresee this growth 
further from India only or is international expansion still a key pillar for 
your growth plan? 
Nehal Shah: Thanks, Jyoti, for the question. I think, to answer your first question 
regarding the growth momentum, I think you have seen that we have 
put out an order win , just about last quarter, regarding the Pune City 
Surveillance project that we won. That project is going fantastic and 
most of the billing that you see this quarter and the next quarter will 
happen from that project. 
 To tell everyone, we would be inaugurating the newly made command 
center this Friday with the Government of Maharashtra inaugurating 
it for the Pune city. Having said that, the momentum is very strong for 
India as well as global.  
 As you have seen, we typically have two set of different companies 
working in tandem to make sure that the growth happens everywhere. 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 8 of 20 
Here we are seeing, in India, we are seeing more opportunities due to 
the smart cities. And the Government business, the ticket size is 
larger. Because of the Solutions business, the revenue for some 
quarters looks to be a little higher. And that is one of the prima facie 
reasons that we are seeing a lot of growth happening in the India 
region. 
 However, the large deals that we are closing globally also is going to 
push us to the revenue growth in the U.S. as well. We just announced 
today morning of a very large deal that we won, which is a $50 million 
kind of Rs. 420 crore kind of deal, which will be billed out for the period 
of the next five years. We feel that the momentum for growth in the 
global market is also going to be parallelly very high. I hope I answered 
your question. 
Nitin Shah: I just wanted to say, while we are running a Company, we have started 
getting a large ticket business. And one or two large tickets in India 
can overweigh what revenue we are getting from U.S. vice versa. 
Often, we get a good deal, large deal, large ticket deals in U.S. market 
or international market. So, then you will see that, so it is more bent 
towards international business than India business. So, while running 
a business, we are not constantly watching whether India is better or 
international revenue is better. 
Jyoti Singh: Sir, so if you could give us idea on the order book size?  
Nehal Shah: So, Jyoti, as communicated earlier in my previous calls as well, we 
typically don't give an order book number because that generally we 
have seen is confusing because our order pipeline is a mix of 
renewals, the extra farming that we do in the current cus tomers and 
net new order wins. 
 So, giving a number will typically not be justifiable. Hence, we always 
try to give out the new order wins and the renewals that we do every 
quarter. And any large deals that we win, we have separate 
communication given to the stock market, which is material in nature. 
And that is how we would want to continue.   
Jyoti Singh: So, I just wanted to understand, like, currently, we have strong cash. 
So, are there any plans for acquisition or for anything? 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 9 of 20 
Nehal Shah: Yes, so that's correct. Jyoti, we are looking at possible acquisitions in 
the Cybersecurity and the Cloud space. However, we are shortlisting 
some of them. As and when it reaches the next stage of finalizing 
someone, we will be announcing it. So, right now the search is on. And 
that is one of the reasons that we have kept cash in hand, so that 
whenever we need to acquire, when the market is down, we are in a 
strong position to do that kind of acquisition.  
Jyoti Singh: Just last question. You mentioned AI, because there is a presentation 
on the Agentic AI side. So, are they different or are they part of the 
engagement? 
Paresh Shah: Jyoti, this is Paresh Shah. I understand your question is around 
Agentic AI. So, it is part of our engagement already. So, it is in 
production. Our lot of U.S. customers and some Indian customers are 
already on the Agentic AI platform. We are doing some p ilots with 
some Indian customers, and we are actually running our NOC 
operations using Agentic AI.  
 So, this is our own indigenous development of Agentic AI 
architecture. And we have moved forward into production this 
quarter. And we see a very strong result moving forward because as 
we get into more strength in developing these applications, we will be 
seeing a good future into this. Is that answering your question or you 
have, because we had a lot of voice break. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Kunal Bajaj from Choice India. Please 
go ahead.  
Kunal Bajaj: So, I had three broad questions. Firstly  being the revenue top -line 
target of Rs. 1,000 crore and quarterly revenue run rate of around  
Rs. 250 crore. So, are we sticking to the timeline of four to five 
quarters?  
 The second question being EBITDA margins had some pressure. So, 
are we looking at a 10%, 11% to 12% margins level for FY '26? And 
what are the levers we have to improve the margins?  
 And the third question is update on the sales team. In the last Con 
Call, the management has mentioned about setting up sales team for 
direct customer acquisition. So, what is an update on that?  
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 10 of 20 
R. Ramanathan: So, a couple of responses to this. Number one, I think from the point 
of view of the type of projects that we are targeting, they are more 
Solutions and Services oriented. And so , you are going to see the 
EBITDA margin grow in the organization. There is more and more value 
adding components, not only in terms of the Services themselves, but 
also in leveraging technology like Agentic AI and so on in our 
Solutions. So, you are going to see an improved margin in the quarters 
ahead. Of course, it takes some time for it to reflect, but that is a sure 
trajectory from the point of view of the organization.  
 The second is from the point of view of direct sales. In fact, most of 
our wins during the last quarter in India have been direct sales. In the 
international market also, we are targeting very clearly a new value 
proposition in terms of direct sales. So, we are increasing the sales 
capability in the U.S. as well as in other parts of the country, in other 
parts of the world. We have already inducted a few salespeople 
during the last quarter and some more will be inducted during this 
quarter.  
 So, again, the emphasis there will be to diversify our partnerships. We 
have very core, strong partnerships, but our attempt is to diversify 
these partnerships and have more stronger partnerships. We also are 
looking at SI partnerships, which will bring o ur SI capability to fore in 
these markets because th ere is a big opportunity for SI projects, 
Smart City projects, as technology is becoming more and more 
important in many counties, in many states across the country.  
 And finally, in terms of our approach in India, there is a very strong 
focus on enterprise sales in addition to government Smart City 
projects. And that's been reflected in some of the wins that Paresh 
mentioned.  
So, in terms of being on track regarding our forward growth, I think we 
are doing all the right things to be on course, and you should see the 
effect of it over the next couple of quarters and couple of years. 
Nehal Shah: To add to the other question, I will just answer the question that you 
had regarding the revenue top line and the quarter -on-quarter top 
line. So, we are still sticking to the revenue top line growth of Rs. 1,000 
crore in the next 4 to 5 quarters. Top line, Rs. 250 crore, we should be 
ideally be moving towards that in a couple of quarters. Because 
generally in the Smart City or the other kind of projects, whenever you 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 11 of 20 
typically bill out, there are a lot of dependencies. So, if you ask me do 
I have the order book, I mean, the orders in hand, yes. But when will 
they be billed out, probably it might shift here, there one quarter. So, 
we are very confident if not next, mayb e next to next quarter we 
should be doing a Rs. 250 crore kind of a quarter. 
 Regarding EBITDA margin, yes, you are right. The EBITDA margins 
have been a little lower this quarter. We are targeting to be in the 
steady state of 11% to 12%. Hopefully, we should be reaching there 
in a couple of quarters.  
 Whenever we are in the Smart City implementation phase, there is a 
lot of product billing that happens, due to which there could be a little 
bit jittery in terms of margins because you all are aware that margins 
during the product bill out is typically lower than the Services. 
 So, whenever we are in this implementation phase of any smart city, 
there is a lot of product billing that happens. And that is one of the 
reasons which could have some kind of pressure on our margins. But 
I would request if you could look at our margins f rom a year-on-year 
perspective rather than keeping it very strict to quarter-over-quarter.  
 And I think regarding the sales team, Ramanan has already updated 
you that we have hired some people and we are in the process of 
hiring a very senior resource in the U.S. as well, for which probably in 
the next two or three weeks, you will see some kind of 
announcements coming in as well. And this would be typically only to 
onboard direct customers. So, we are very confident in the next 
couple of quarters, we will see some direct wins coming in from our 
international customers as well.  
 Does that answer all your questions or you have anything else?  
Kunal Bajaj: Sure, that helps. Also, one more question. So, we reported strong 
order wins. So, can we provide some color on the break -up in terms 
of wins and renewables and also the break -up mix in terms of 
Solutions and Services?  
Nehal Shah: Yes, so what I will do is, I don't have the numbers currently at hand. 
We will send it across on email. If you could share your details with 
our team, we will give you the break-up of the details.  
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 12 of 20 
Kunal Bajaj: Sure, that helps. Thank you. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Jayshree Bajaj from Trinetra Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Jayshree Bajaj: My question is how much the Pune Smart City project has contributed 
to Quarter 1 of FY '26 and when we can expect a significant 
contribution from Pune Smart City project? 
Nehal Shah: So, currently, if you look at, in the current top line for India, I think 
about 15% to 20% would have been coming in from Pune City and this 
will keep on happening for the next two quarters as well, because as 
we keep on implementing, we are implementing CCTV surveillance 
across the city. So, it is going to be staggered over three to four 
quarters. So, there won't be a sudden spike or a sudden drop in the 
next three, four quarters is what we think. So, it is going to be 
staggered in three or four quarters.  
Jayshree Bajaj: So, in three or four quarters, it will be fully operational, fully 
contributing to the revenue.  
Nehal Shah: Yes, the Solution portion of the project will go live in the next three to 
four quarters. Services will kick in once we go live with the project, 
which will be billed quarter-over-quarter for next five years. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Santosh, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
Santosh: In last quarter, you guys have mentioned there is 45 million to 50 
million pipeline order from U.S. Is there any updates on that? 
Nehal Shah: Yes, thank you for congratulating us on the result. I think the 50 million 
order pipeline that we are talking of is what we announced today 
morning which we won. And while we are talking, the pipeline is still 
stronger, and we will have more order wins co ming up in the near 
future.  
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Pratik Dedhia: So, in your opening remarks, you mentioned about pricing pressure. 
So, I wanted to check where are you seeing the pricing pressure in 
terms of if you can point out two reasons and also in which segment? 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 13 of 20 
Is it the Solution part or in Services? And if you can quantify in terms 
of how much pricing pressure are you seeing in terms of percentage 
points, that could be helpful. 
Paresh Shah: So, the pricing pressure is due to a lot of uncertainties the businesses 
see today, as you know, on the global tariff challenges which U.S. is 
putting. And these uncertainties are making the companies feel a lot 
of cost pressure and it really affects their forward plans. 
 But this is something we are not looking at a very big one, but it is a 
small pricing pressure. They want to make sure that their long -term 
operations become more stable. At the same time, their profitability 
remains intact. So, a lot of customers in U.S.  especially are feeling 
that pressure. And these are mainly on the Services side because they 
are all long-term operations services. There is pressure.  
 From the Solution point of view, there is a big adoption on AI -based 
solutions and technologies. And we see quite a good margin there. 
And as you know, we have adopted an AI -first strategy. And we have 
already put AI operations in the forefront. So, this is going to also a 
strategy to where we want to make sure we can improve our margins 
by injecting a lot of technology over services, as Mr. Ramanan pointed 
out.  
R. Ramanathan: If I can just add to what Paresh said, you are going to see because one 
is the global uncertainty in terms of decision making, which is being 
driven by the economic landscape. But that is true for everybody. And 
so that is putting a little pressure as wel l as delay on certain key 
decisions which have already been envisaged but which have not yet 
been taken. And we see that stabling out over the next couple of 
quarters.  
 But more importantly also, there is an expectation of more AI -
integrated and Agentic AI -driven managed Services and Solutions. 
And we are in a very good position in terms of our forays into this, as 
well as what we have already done.  
 For example, in the managed services arena, we are technology -
driven by a tool called Digital Desk that has been developed 
internally. And that is now being integrated with AI. So, we are into AI-
based managed services rather than just managed services. A nd 
therefore, this is going to help us in driving our margins up. 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 14 of 20 
 Even though you may have pricing margins from the market, there is 
an expectation that because of AI, you will be able to reduce your 
cost. But by leveraging technology, you can increase your margins 
even under these circumstances.  
 And secondly, in the solutions that are being expected in the Indian 
market, SI solutions, there is a lot of AI component that is going to get 
introduced. And that is going to add to the value. And so, you are going 
to see that pricing pressures will be balanced by margin 
improvements through the leveraging of technology and through the 
leveraging of tools that we are already in progress.  
Pratik Dedhia: That's helpful. So, just a follow -up on this. How do you see the 
traction of the AI -enabled managed services in terms of the 
recognition coming into the numbers in terms of timing, two quarters, 
three quarters down the line?  
R. Ramanathan: Yes, actually, Agentic AI is in its infancy right now. And so, from my 
point of view, over the next three or four quarters, you will start seeing 
the impact, not immediately because people are also getting their act 
together in terms of where to optimally utilize Agentic AI for their 
businesses.  
 In terms of managed services themselves, like infrastructure 
management services, we are already integrating AI because that 
helps us in preventive management rather than corrective 
management. And that is being appreciated by most of our 
customers, and t hey are looking forward to such implementation 
from our side. 
Pratik Dedhia: Second question, in terms of the Smart City, so just wanted to check, 
I think, a couple of quarters before you had mentioned good, healthy 
bid pipeline. So, do we have any nearby order announcement coming 
up for different Smart City project? And has any o f them given you 
better margins as compared to the previous wins, something like a 
Pune Smart City? 
Nehal Shah: So, yes, Pratik, thanks for the question. I think margin -wise, Pune is 
going to be a little better than the previous ones because it is the same 
team that we are utilizing for Phase-2 as well. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 15 of 20 
 Coming to new order wins, there is a strong pipeline. There are a 
couple of smart cities, safe cities that we are bidding for, which 
should be concluded by September end. So, the next two months are 
going to be heavy bidding.  
 Generally, whenever the monsoon season is on, this is the time when 
the Government wants to give out orders so that as soon as the 
monsoon season is over, they can start implementing those projects 
in the city. 
 Generally, during the monsoon season, you do not get digging 
permission and stuff. That is the reason that this time is utilized for 
short-listing vendors, getting the RFPs is done, getting the budgets in 
place, and making sure that somebody is handed over the project by 
the end of September so that by October mid or October end, you can 
start implementing the project.  
 So, there are a good number of projects that are there in the pipeline. 
We will select the ones that we are keen on in a chronological order 
and then go ahead and acquire customers. That is the idea.  
Pratik Dedhia: That's helpful. And last question from my end. Any update on the data 
center side in terms of how that business is getting traction or any new 
order wins around there?  
Nehal Shah: So, Pratik, any Smart City wins that we have, we have a data center 
that we need to build. Even for the Pune Phase -2, we will be building 
up a brand new data center for them, wherein it will be a mix of on -
premises and cloud. So, the traction there is pretty high. 
 Even the future cities that we are talking of, where we will have the 
surveillance done, the data centers will be a part of it. So, I think the 
traction there is very, very high.  
 Even from the Enterprise side, if you ask me, there are customers that 
are coming up where there is a possibility of doing migration from on-
prem to cloud, or there are projects wherein we need to upgrade just 
your center and data center or migrate into a cloud one. So, the 
traction there is pretty high.  
Pratik Dedhia: So, essentially you are getting outside of Smart City, also data center, 
managed services projects, right? Correct?  
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 16 of 20 
Nehal Shah: Yes. You are right. In fact, we were doing that before also, but now it 
has come more into the forefront. Even if you look at, we are not only 
focused on smart cities. There was a couple of quarters back, we had 
also announced the first metro project that  we had won for Chennai 
Metro. So, where we are doing surveillance for all the coaches of a 
metro, wherein there are 22 stations involved with about 800 or 900 
cameras. I might be a little up and down on the camera count, but 
these are the kind of projects that are also opening up for us.  
 So, we are not only dependent on smart city, safe city. Even for that 
matter, for enterprise customers, wherever there are large factories, 
those also open up gates for doing complete physical security. So, 
whether it is a combination of CCTV cameras, access controls, boom 
barriers, and other stuff, those also become an indirect customer for 
us. And with the kind of implementation that we have done for safe 
cities, smart cities, those projects are comparatively easier to do, 
manage, and sometimes even better at margins.  
R. Ramanathan: Yes. And if I can add to this, see, the managed services is extending 
to the manufacturing floor now for OT managed services. And I think 
Nehal just referred to that. So, that is a growing opportunity because 
more and more Edge technologies and Edge AI is being integrated into 
devices on the manufacturing floor, whatever be the nature of 
manufacturing. And these need to be managed as well as these need 
to become smart or smarter in terms of the management so that we 
are able to analyze the data that comes in and are able to provide high 
quality of maintenance.  
 The second is, there are a number of GCCs which are coming up in 
our country and they have already come up. And again there, there is 
an opportunity for managed services for many of these large 
customers who are looking constantly at new ways of reducing their 
cost or managing their infrastructure as well as data centers better.  
 And third, of course, is the smart cities and large SI projects in the 
Government, which again give us a scope for not only developing a 
solution, but also managing the infrastructure subsequently as a 
service area. 
Pratik Dedhia: And one question on the reported numbers. With the change in 
auditor, do you see any further revisions upwards, downwards, going 
ahead, or that exercise has been done? And any internal controls 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 17 of 20 
being implemented to ensure that such kind of revisions do not 
happen with the change in auditor, or why would it have happened? 
Any color on that would be helpful. 
Gopal Tiwari: Yes, I will answer that. In fact, that change of auditor was not because 
of the choice. It was as per the regulator's requirement, because that 
earlier auditor was there with us for 10 years. That was the maximum 
term we can have. So, because of that, we had to change our 
auditors.  
 And new auditors, when they onboarded, and they did thorough 
checking, because earlier auditors were there with us for 10 years, so 
they did the thorough scrutiny and checking of the numbers. And they 
came out certain adjustments and corrections and recla ssifications 
which were implemented to the extent I think it is a full extent it is 
done in the last quarter itself. Now, hardly anything is going to be there 
further. So, we are not going to see any such adjustments or any 
corrections in the near future so that everything has been taken care 
of in the last Q4 for FY '25. 
Nehal Shah: Pratik, from the regulatory perspective, we have set of processes, 
systems, risk committee and all of it being made up even at the Board 
level. So, there are a lot of changes that we are doing the way we are 
going to be looking at our revenue and performing certain processes. 
So, those corrections are also done. And I think we have been lucky 
that those kind of corrections have happened at the stage that we are 
currently at so that when we grow in the next stage, we don't 
encounter any further hiccups.  
Gopal Tiwari: Yes. A number of  SOPs have been implemented, and control 
measures are being implemented. So, in process also. So, we are 
trying to be most compliant organization so far as this industry is 
concerned.  
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Bhupendra Mantri, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Bhupendra Mantri: Sir, thanks for accepting my question. I just want to answer whether 
American tariff is going to affect our export business or the out -of-
India business? 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 18 of 20 
Nehal Shah: So, thank you for the question, Bhupendra. Mostly, if you see, the 
American tariffs that has been given out is typically for the product 
exports that have been happening. So far, there is no tariff that has 
been implemented for service exports because it typically becomes 
a little challenging for them to realize where and actually how the 
services are happening, for which part of the world. So, I don't see that 
the tariffs are going to be affecting us directly.  
 Yes, there could be some kind of disruption when some of our 
customers who are getting affected because of these tariffs could in 
turn try to negotiate and reduce their spendings. And over and above 
that, if you look at us, most of our revenues that are c oming in the 
global market are also coming because of our presence in the U.S. 
So, we are delivering in the U.S. from U.S. And a very small portion of 
our revenue goes as an export to the U.S.  
Nitin Shah: We are a US-based Company.  
Nehal Shah: So, it is a completely US-based Company with physical people there 
on the ground delivering services to our clients.  
Moderator: Next follow-up question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an individual 
investor. Please proceed. 
Pratik Dedhia: Thanks for the follow -up. So, just on what we discussed earlier in 
terms of the margins, any ballpark guidance on how much EBIT 
margin improvement could you see with everything that you are 
looking at in terms of AI, better Solution wins, and improving margins 
on the product side? This is more probably two, three years horizon 
that I am looking at.   
R. Ramanathan: Yes, I think, I just want to highlight once again, our trajectory in Allied 
Digital is towards increasing Solutions business, Services business, 
and technology-driven or AI-driven Solutions and Services. Now, all of 
these would be towards increasing margins. And therefore, from the 
point of view of trajectory of solutions, services, and the quality of 
revenue that we will be targeting and winning in the quarters ahead, 
they should result in an increase in margins.  
 But at the same time, the nature of our business, as you are aware, 
large SI projects often have a requirement of initial delivery of 
products and equipment and so on and so forth before the services 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 19 of 20 
revenue kicks in. So, you will see that odd quarter or that odd 
particular instance where you are going to have a boost in revenue but 
not a corresponding increase in the margin. That is the nature of our 
business. But overall, if you look at the absolute numbers in terms of 
EBITDA growth or on an annual level, the EBITDA margins, you will see 
an increase in all of them. 
Pratik Dedhia: Any quantification possible? So, more on annual side, not looking 
from a quarterly perspective, I understand the business nature and it 
could be lumpy on the quarter side. But say 2, 3 years down the line, 
we are at roughly currently around 12%. Are we lo oking at around 
15%-16% kind of margins? 
R. Ramanathan: That would be our goal. That would be our goal. But I don't want to put 
a time frame or say an exacting time frame. But Nehal, you may be 
wanting to answer that also.  
Nehal Shah: Yes. So, Pratik, three years down the line is a long period of time. If the 
way AI is going and is doing work easier for us, and if the way we are 
forecasting that it will help us in bettering our bottom line, if all of that 
happens, then yes, we can sure ly look at a higher number, maybe in 
the tune of 13%, 14% or even 15%. But it is too early for us. Probably 
as quarters pass in and the implementation that we have done as a 
pilot for some of our customers, we see how the realization is 
because there are still a lot of pros and cons, both for AI getting 
implemented.  
 We are right now in the auto-detection mode. We might also move to 
auto-remediation mode. If all of the things that we have planned and 
they fit in, then we see that there is a possibility of margins improving 
to quite a good number. So, it is probably a little too early to say, but 
yes, the constant endeavor is to make sure that we keep on improving 
our margins quarter-over-quarter. 
Pratik Dedhia: This is helpful. And just on the AI side, so again, do you see the 
implementation of AI having any impact on workforce? So, this is 
more from a larger sector question because a lot of big tech 
companies are also looking at headcount reduction. So, just wa nted 
some color on that.  
Paresh Shah: Yes, so being a Services Company, that is one of the optimization 
where workforce reduction, in fact, that could happen. But as I 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
 
 Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 20 of 20 
mentioned, you know, that has a direct also improvement on the 
margins.  
 At the same time, AI brings in a lot of opportunities for new projects, 
new solutions, okay, transformation, which is now pretty much in the 
center. So, what we see is a lot of new projects also being added 
which use as ease of work, optimization for other  day-to-day 
initiatives for customers, customer relationship management 
solutions, HR solutions. So, we see that also as a big scope, not only 
on Services, but also on the Solution side. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
the closing comments. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you for your participation and engagement in today's call. 
Should you have any other further questions or need additional 
details, please feel free to reach out to our team or CDR India. Thank 
you once again for your continued interest and support. We look 
forward to engaging with you again next quarter. Thanks.  
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Allied Digital Services Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 