
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
May 27, 2026 
To,                  To,  
Corporate Relationship Department                          Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                                       Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C-1, 
Mumbai — 400 001                                                              G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
                                                                                                     Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code:  532875                                                             Scrip Symbol: ADSL 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/Investors earnings Call pertaining to Financial Results for the 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026   
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are submitting the Transcripts of Earnings Call held on Friday, May 22, 
2026, in respect of the financial results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026.   
The same can also be viewed at https://www.allieddigital.net/in/earning-conference-call 
This is for your information and records.  
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
_______________________ 
Khyati Shah 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited 
Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 22, 2026 
 
Call Duration • 52 minutes and 34 seconds 
Management Attendees 
• Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director 
• Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan, Global Head Strategy responsible for 
Growth, Innovation and Partnerships 
• Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole-time Director 
• Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO  
• Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during 
Q&A session 
• Kunal Bajaj – Choice India 
• Jay Adwani – Alokik 
• Nitin Gandhi – Inoquest Advisors 
• Maitri Shah – Sapphire Capital 
• Prateek Dedhia – Individual Investor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Allied Digital Services  
Limited Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing st ar then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. 
Thank you, and over to you. 
Mayank Vaswani: Thank you, Yashashri. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for 
joining us on Allied Digital Services Limited's Earnings Call for the Fourth 
Quarter of FY 2025-26.  
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Nitin Shah, Founder and CMD;  
Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan , Global Head of Strategy for Growth, 
Innovation and Partnerships; Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole -Time Director; Mr. 
Paresh Shah, Global CEO; Mr. Sunil Bhatt, Board Member and Chief 
Technical Officer; and Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer. 
 We will begin with comments from Mr. Nehal Shah, who will cover recent 
developments across the business, followed by Mr. Gopal Tiwari, who will 
walk us through the financial highlights. Mr. Paresh Shah will then discuss 
the operational performance and order wins. Thereafter, we will open the 
call for the Q&A session. 
 Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward -looking in nature, and a disclaimer 
to this effect has been included in the earnings documents that have been 
shared with all of you earlier.  
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Nehal Shah, for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Nehal. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you, Mayank. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining 
us today. I trust you have had the opportunity to review the earnings 
materials shared earlier.  
We are pleased to report a strong clos e to FY '26, delivering the highest 
quarterly revenue in Allied Digital's history in the fourth quarter. For the 
full year, consolidated revenue stood at Rs. 968 crore, growing 20% on a 
year-on-year basis and making the highest annual revenues achieved by 
the company to date. This performance reflects the increasing relevance 
of our digital transformation capabilities, deeper customer engagement 
and consistent execution across markets.  
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 3 of 20 
This performance was delivered amid a challenging operating 
environment marked by uncertainty and volatility, cautious views toward 
IT spends and cost pressures. Despite these headwinds, we continue to 
execute steadily, deepen customer relationships and ex pand our 
engagement across markets, reinforcing the resilience of our business 
model. 
 Our growth during the year was supported by strong momentum in both 
domestic and international businesses. In India, we won a large order 
from the Pune City Surveillance along with several other Enterprise 
orders. In the international business, we won a large order from a premier 
pharmaceutical customer supported by several other wins.  
These large orders where both Government and Enterprise customers 
have indicated intent to accelerate investments in infrastructure 
modernization, digital platforms and operational transformation have 
contributed meaningfully to our top line growth.  Having built strong 
customer trust through reliable execution and integrated service 
capabilities, we continue to pursue larger, more complex and multiyear 
transformation engagements such as this, which will enable us to scale 
our businesses further.  
At the same time, FY '26 marked a defining phase in Enterprise  AI 
adoption. With artificial intelligence rapidly becoming central to business 
strategy and technology decision- making, customers are increasingly 
aligning towards technology investments around AI -led transformation 
priorities, and we have continued to evolve our offerings and capabilities 
in line with these emerging trends. 
 Now let me take you through some of the key highlights of our 
performance. For the full year, we reported consolidated revenues of  
Rs. 968 crore in FY '26, higher by 20% over FY '25 revenues of Rs. 807 
crore. Those of you who have been tracking our journey closely will recall 
that during our Q1 FY'24 earnings call in August '23, we had articulated 
our aspiration of achieving Rs. 1,000 crore-plus top line milestone. We are 
pleased to share that we have now come very close to the milestone in  
FY '26 and based on the quarter 4 revenue run rate we have surpassed it 
on an annualized basis. 
 For the full year, profit after tax stood at Rs. 36 crore as compared to  
Rs. 32 crore in FY '25, reflecting year -on-year growth of 10%. Profitability 
during the year was impacted by certain onetime charges and provisions. 
However, the underlying operating performance of the business remains 
strong, and we remain confident that we will prog ressively reflect in the 
company's financial performance over the coming quarter. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 4 of 20 
 Recognizing the resilient performance , the Board of Directors has 
maintained the dividend at 30% equivalent to Rs. 1.50 per equity share 
with a Rs. 5 face value.  
From a geographic standpoint, both our domestic and international 
business delivered healthy double -digit growth during FY '26. Revenues 
from India grew 17% year -on-year and the fourth quarter, domestic 
revenues were significantly higher by 37% year -on-year, driven by strong 
execution momentum and completion of key milestones across major 
engagements. International revenues grew 22% year -on-year during FY 
'26, reflecting improving traction across the global markets and deeper 
customer engagement.  
From a segment perspective, our Services business continued to perform 
strongly, reporting a 21% year -on-year growth in FY '26, while Solutions 
revenue increased by 17% . As we have highlighted earlier, our Solutions  
business often acts as a strategic entry point, enabling larger annuity -led 
Managed Services engagements over time. This integrated operating 
model strengthens customer relationships, enhances revenue visibility 
and supports long-term margin sustainability. 
 In terms of customer mix, revenues from Enterprise  customers grew 
strongly by 31% year -on-year during FY '26, while Government  revenues 
were lower by 6% during the year. This clearly demonstrates that our 
growth is increasingly being driven by the Enterprise segment and that the 
business is not overly dependent on Government -led opportunities. At 
the same time, Government  business continues to remain an important 
and strategic component of our revenue mix, and we anticipate a 
meaningful rebound in this segment during FY '27, '28. 
 Before I conclude, I would like to touch upon governance, which remains 
a key area of focus for us as we prepare Allied Digital for its next phase of 
growth. As the scale of complexity of the business continues to evolve, we 
are equally focused on strengthening the underlying processes, systems 
and governance framework and support sustainable growth. 
 Alongside investments in leadership, global delivery capabilities, and 
larger transformation engagements, we have remained committed to 
continuously enhance governance standards across the organization. In 
line with this approach, following the completion of the previous auditor's 
tenure, we appointed a larger and more reputed audit firm to strengthen 
our financial oversight and reporting framework. Upon coming on board, 
they undertook a comprehensive review of our financial statements, 
internal controls and accounting processes and had raised certain 
observations and qualifications in the quarter 4 of FY'25 audit report. 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 5 of 20 
 I am pleased to share that over the past 12 months, we have worked 
extensively to address each of these observations through the necessary 
corrective actions, process improvements and policy refinements. As a 
result of this effort, the qualifications have  now been withdrawn and the 
auditors have acknowledged the company's proactive approach and 
commitment towards strengthening governance, compliance and 
financial reporting standards. 
 I will request Gopal, our CFO, to elaborate further on the specifics during 
the remarks, but I would like to emphasize that this exercise has 
significantly strengthened our financial reporting, the framework and the 
governance standards as well. Our accounting policies, asset valuations, 
internal controls and reporting practices have all undergone detailed 
review and validation resulting in a stronger and more resilient 
institutional foundation for the company. 
I would like to sincerely thank our shareholders for their continued trust, 
patience and support throughout the process. While we have remained 
committed to transparency and integrity, we believe the successful 
completion of this exercise further enhances confidence in the quality, 
reliability and robustness of Allied Digital's financial reporting and 
governance framework going forward.  
Over to Gopal Tiwari, our CFO, to take you through the financial highlights 
for the quarter. Thank you. 
Gopal Tiwari: Thank you, Nehal, and good afternoon, everyone.  
FY26 has been a milestone year for Allied Digital with the company 
reporting the highest annual revenue in its history. Revenues for the year 
stood at Rs. 968 crore, representing a strong year-on-year growth of 20%. 
On the profitability front, adjusted EBITDA increased by 14% year-on-year 
basis to Rs. 112 crore, while EBITDA margins were resilient at 11%. PBT 
before exceptional items for FY26 improved by 33% year-on-year to Rs. 81 
crore, reflecting stronger operational performance, improved scale and 
better operating leverage across the business. 
For improved comparability and transparency, EBITDA and PBT have been 
presented after adjusting for the impact of one -time additional ECL 
provision undertaken during the year. Though reported PBT is lower on a 
year-on-year basis, impact of one -time provision was partially offset by 
the recognition of deferred tax asset. As a result, profit after tax for FY26 
was higher by 10% year -on-year basis from Rs. 32 crore to Rs. 36 crore. 
Excluding these non- recurring items, the underlying profitability of the 
business remained healthy and reflective of the continued improvement 
in operational performance and earnings quality. 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 6 of 20 
Coming to the observations raised by our auditors in earlier reports, I am 
pleased to share that all key matters have now been addressed during the 
course of the year. The first matter pertains to non -compliance with 
Section 186(7) of the Companies Act, 20 13, relating to certain non -
interest-bearing loans extended to subsidiaries. I am pleased to share 
that the majority of these loans amounting to Rs. 112 crore out of total  
Rs. 117 crore had already been converted into equity by end of the 
financial year. The balance amount has either been squared off or interest 
has subsequently been charged, thereby aligning the treatment with 
regulatory requirements. We believe the conversion into equity more 
appropriately reflects the underlying intent and economic subs tance of 
these transactions as the funds were always intended to support long -
term business growth and expansion.  
The other matters related to differences between GST input tax credit 
reflected in the books and on the GST portal, non -conduct of physical 
verification of property, plant and equipment , intangible assets, 
inventories and investment property as well as non- recognition of 
expected credit losses on certain trade receivables and unbilled 
revenues. I am pleased to share that the auditors have acknowledged that 
all these matters have been addressed during the year. We completed the 
reconciliation of input tax credit differences, carried out comprehensive 
physical verification exercises and made the ne cessary adjustments 
required in this regard, resulting in a one-time additional provision during 
the year.  
With these actions now completed, all the observations raised by our 
auditors have been resolved. As committed by me in one of our earlier 
con-calls, all observations by our new auditors have been dealt with 
successfully by the end of this current financial year itself. 
With a healthy opportunity pipeline, improving execution visibility and 
increasing participation in larger transformation -led engagements, we 
remain confident of sustaining growth momentum while progressively 
improving operational leverage over the medium term.  
I will now hand over to Paresh Shah, our Global CEO, to take you through 
the order book, strategic initiatives and outlook in greater details. 
Paresh Shah: Thank you, Gopal. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us.  
Let me briefly take you through some of the operational highlights for this 
quarter. We secured around Rs. 166 crore in new orders and renewals 
during this period, reflecting continued demand for our capabilities 
across digital transformation, infrastructure modernization, managed 
Services and AI-led Solutions. 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 7 of 20 
The momentum remained broad -based across both domestic and 
international markets, supporting strong client engagements and 
consistent execution across our delivery network.  
During the quarter, we strengthened our position in large and complex 
transformation programs with clients increasingly engaging us for 
integrated offerings across infrastructure, workplace transformation, 
managed Services and digital platforms. At the same time, we saw 
healthy traction in multiyear renewals, enhancing revenue visibility and 
reinforcing the depth of our customer relationships. 
Some of the key engagements secured during the quarter were across 
smart governance, energy sector and global workplace services. In the 
Smart City segment, we secured a citywide integrated command and 
control centre engagement involving the end -to-end deployment of 
command-and-control software, field infrastructure, integration, 
commissioning and support services. The engagement reflects our 
growing presence in large -scale smart governance and mission -critical 
digital infrastructure programs. 
We also expanded our footprint in the deep sea oil drilling sector through 
managed services and annual support maintenance engagements with 
leading Enterprise while further strengthening our global workplace 
Services portfolio through multi -region support engagements across 
North America, Latin America and Africa. These projects include 
multilingual service desk operations, on -site support and remote 
infrastructure management, highlighting scalability and breadth of o ur 
global delivery model. 
In addition, we continue to witness strong renewal momentum across 
sectors, including BFSI, manufacturing, mining and metals, healthcare 
and real estate, reflecting sustained customer confidence in our delivery 
quality and long-term partnership approach. S everal key order wins also 
progressed into the execution place during this year, reflecting healthy 
conversion of our order pipeline into active delivery. 
This not only improves revenue visibility going forward but also reinforces 
Allied Digital's positioning as a trusted partner for managing complex and 
mission-critical IT environments through an integrated portfolio of cloud, 
cybersecurity, infrastructure, workplace and digital transformation 
services.  
With that, I will now hand over the call back to the moderator for 
questions. 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 8 of 20 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer 
session. We will take our first question from the line of Kunal Bajaj from 
Choice Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Bajaj: Yes, hi. Thank you for the question. So , there are primarily two questions 
from my side. Firstly, how do we see the client interaction going on? 
Because what we see is that most of the large companies have been 
saying that most of the clients are deferring their investments. That is one.  
Further, they have also mentioned that they see very strong competition 
from their peers. They are seeing that other peers are giving the same 
amount of work at a very lower price as compared to what they can offer. 
So how the mix between your revenue growth and margins would be? So,  
this is one.  
And secondly, why I have been seeing that the India business growing, but 
the Government projects declining. So, any colour on that as well? 
Nehal Shah: Thanks, Kunal, for the questions. I will take both the questions. So, the 
client interactions are going pretty decent with us. There are, of course, 
major margin pressures that are happening across the industry, and we 
are also facing the same. But we look at that as an opportunity because a 
lot of our service delivery, we have started using AI. And with AI getting 
implemented, AIOps getting implemented, we are seeing that there is a 
cost reduction that is happening across the line. 
 So, while that is happening, every CIO today or every CTO today is talking 
about using AI to reduce their cost overall. And that is exactly what we 
have done. If you would have gone through our presentation, we have 
specifically given case studies where w e have done a lot of AI 
implementation at our different client sites. This is helping us to better the 
margins after getting a customer onboarded. 
 And yes, coming to your second question, the India business is growing. 
Government last quarter, if you would have realized due to the ongoing 
war between Iran and Israel, a lot of these Government tenders had to be 
put on the back burner. Typically, we also had certain customers that we 
bidded for and we were about to win, but the equipment cost due to the 
war absolutely went haywire and went up. And eventually, we had to go 
out of those deals. And  that is one of the reasons I feel this quarter, the 
Government business has become a little slow. 
 However, we are very confident that in the future quarters, it will be better. 
The other challenge with Government tender is so if there is a tender 
which has been built in December or that we bid for in December, they 
eventually with their internal processes and all of it, open up the financials 
only in the month of Feb or March.  So, this 2 or 3 months of delay in 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 9 of 20 
opening and awarding the contract to anyone sometimes creates a delay, 
which, in this case, in this scenario, in that quarter, typically raise the 
equipment cost, and we had to go out of certain customers. But now we 
see that most of the pricings have come back to stable. 
 We are seeing a lot of Government traction happening. We are having 
some very large contracts we are going to be bidding in the second and 
the third quarter of this year for which we have already started a lot of 
preparations. Very soon, you will be hearing that we did a pretty decent 
contract in Mumbai, which we will be announcing once the whole 
paperwork is done , which is the Government  contract which we have 
won. 
 So, things are coming back to shape. The whole quarter which went 
behind us was pretty slow in the Government, due to the fluctuation in the 
pricing. And that is the only reason that you see this time our quarterly 
numbers, where the new announcement, recent announcements are 
also to the tune of only Rs. 166 crore. So hopefully, we should be able to 
buck this up in the next second or the third quarter. 
Kunal Bajaj: Yes. Okay. So, what would be the scale of the order which you mentioned 
about the Bombay one? 
Nehal Shah: It should be to the tune of about anywhere between Rs. 150 crore to  
Rs. 200 crore. We are still figuring out and the final signing one is going on. 
We should be able to come up with a number very soon. Apart from that, 
there are a lot of large projects. If I look at Maharashtra as a state, we have 
close to about Rs. 2,000 crore plus worth of pipeline coming up only in the 
state of Maharashtra, for which we are very keen on bidding and getting 
major contracts out of this. 
 So, I am not worried about the Government  contracts and the pipeline 
that is coming up. It is just a matter of closure. When the RFP comes in, 
we bid for it, in and we get awarded. So maybe 1 quarter here and there, 
but we are sure to have those kinds of contracts coming our way. 
Kunal Bajaj: Okay. And any guidance on the revenue because we have achieved  
Rs. 250 crore on a quarterly run rate. So, any guidance going forward for 
FY '27? 
Nehal Shah: So, from a guidance perspective, I would try to give anywhere between 
20% to 25% growth. But internally, we have a more aggressive growth. But 
for the outside world, it is anywhere between 20% to 25% kind of a growth 
that we are looking at year-over-year because our long-term target is to do 
10x in 10 years is what we are trying to achieve. 
Kunal Bajaj: With a margin profile of? 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 10 of 20 
Nehal Shah: So, margins currently due to all these one -offs, our margins were in the 
tune of about 11% EBITDA. We want to target it to anywhere between 13% 
to 15% on the long term. So short term, we should be able to do 12.5%, 
13% and on the longer term, we should be able to be 15%. 
Kunal Bajaj: Okay. One very last question. So, as we continue expanding our high -
growth areas such as cloud, cybersecurity and digital infrastructure, 
along with managed services. So how do we see the Solutions  versus 
Services mix evolving going forward? 
Nehal Shah: So, from a strategy perspective, we as a company would want to have a 
Services revenue tower going up always because that gives us a lot of 
consistency in the numbers and the reporting. But Solutions  are also 
important because they give us the X factor of our top line growth and 
eventually, the Solutions business also converting into Services business. 
 So having said that, whenever we have large projects coming in, the 
Solutions bucket for that period when the implementation is going on is 
going to go up. And once the implementation is over and we go in the go -
live phase, the O&M phase is going to start where our Services  business 
consistently will keep on growing. 
 But if you ask me personally, I would want our Services  business to keep 
on growing and take about 75% to 80% of our top line revenue because 
that gives a lot of consistency from a growth perspective because most of 
the Services contracts are signed for 5 years. So that helps us to not get 
desperate to look out for projects or business every quarter and try to cut 
down on our margins to onboard customers. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jay Adwani from Alokik. Please 
go ahead. 
Jay Adwani: Yes, hi, Nehal. I Just wanted to ask, so the management has mentioned 
the part of the Section 186 and the FEMA compliance issues that have 
been rectified to loan conversion into equity and charging interest on 
remaining loans. Could you help me understand exactly the time line by 
which the company expects to fully resolve this audit qualification and 
receive a clean audit opinion? 
Nehal Shah: I was trying to tell you that the 50% of the work which was to be done is 
done where we had to convert the loan to equity, which has already been 
done in the U.S. There are certain procedures that we have to get done 
through the RBI and get the approval of the RBI. The process for that has 
started. We are pretty sure generally, it takes about a quarter or 2. So  in 
next 2 quarters, we should be able to get a clean sheet coming in from 
everywhere. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 11 of 20 
 And typically, this loan, which was given was also given to a subsidiary to 
acquire a company in the U.S. So typically, it was later on considered as 
a loan, but it was always given to acquire an equity of the U.S. company. 
So, from our side, it was never a loan. It was just that I had kept a holding 
company in the U.S., which was trying to acquire a subsidiary of another 
company in the U.S. 
 So having said that, all of that is sorted now. We are pretty confident that 
once we get all the clearance coming in from RBI, we should be able to do 
away with this qualification as well. All the process for that, which is 
dependent from our side has been done. Now it is the timeline that will be 
required by the RBI to give us the approvals to get it sorted. 
 And there are certain other small loans about Rs. 5 crore, Rs. 6 crore that 
we have given to our subsidiaries to make sure that they are able to 
sustain themselves. We have started charging interest on them. B ut the 
tune of that loan is about Rs. 5 crore, Rs. 6 crore across about 4 or 5 of our 
subsidiaries. 
Jay Adwani: Got it. Just another question. When do you expect to announce the project 
that you have won in Mumbai? 
Nehal Shah: So, the paperwork is going on. We should be able to announce probably 
in 2 to 3 weeks. 
Jay Adwani: Okay. Okay. Got it. And so, moving forward, once all the issues have been 
resolved, can we see like the profitability going higher in the next financial 
year? 
Nehal Shah: Yes. So typically, if you see, we have been trying to grow our EBITDA as 
much as we can. So, from a rupee perspective, we have been able to grow 
the EBITDA margins, and the EBITDA was Rs. 112 crore this year, if you 
remove the exceptional items. 
 So, we are pretty confident that once all this cleaning is done, everything 
is sorted, we have got a cleaner report coming in from the auditor as well. 
We do not see any new hiccups coming up in the future quarters. And I am 
pretty sure with the same kind of momentum that we are having, our 
margins and our bottom line will keep on improving going forward. 
Jay Adwani: Got it. Okay. Just one last question. So going through the results, so the 
purchases and expenses have grown quite a bit. So that is one of the 
reasons the profit has been affected. Can you just elaborate as to why 
that has happened? Because I think last year, it was around Rs. 467 crore 
for the financial year, the operating expense ,  like the purchases and 
direct expenses. But this year, it is gone up to Rs. 585 crore? 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 12 of 20 
Gopal Tiwari: I think you are referring to this total direct expenses, right, which is book 
expenses. So, see, I will tell you the total direct expenses generally are in 
the range of 60% on a year-over-year basis. Quarterly, you will find 2%, 3% 
here and there. Every quarter, there is an up and down. That is mainly 
because of,  suppose in any quarter, there are multiple projects are under 
capex phase. 
 So, our supply of equipment increases and our direct expenses are higher 
to that extent. So, in this quarter, our multiple projects were on. Because 
of that, our direct expenses, supply of equipment got increased by around 
3%, 4% in comparison to the standard or direct expenses level. So that 
impacted. 
 And secondly, other expenses also you will find in this quarter is higher 
because that onetime provision is also taken under that, the Rs. 36-odd 
crore that ECL provision, that is also part of this quarter's expenses. So, if 
you take out that amount from these expenses, this bottom line, our 
EBITDA or PBT, everything gets improved to that extent. 
 So, this is only onetime expense, which have been booked. And that is 
also not an expense. It is actually provision. We have taken extra 
additional provision towards ECL as per the advice of the auditors and 
change in our ECL policy estimation also. Same onwar ds, we will get 
larger, amounts will be taken back to our profitability up. I hope you are 
clear now. 
Jay Adwani: Yes. Also, the last earnings call, you said that you were working on the 
Western Railways project by the Government. Do you have any update on 
that? 
Nehal Shah: Yes. So that Western Railway project , unfortunately, we had to let it go 
because by the time the pricing was about to open, the equipment 
procurement cost went up by 25%, 30%. And our margins that we are 
sitting on was all getting wiped off. So,  we conveyed our message to 
Western Railway and asked them to do a retender since they were not 
able to increase the price in the tender itself. 
 So, we will have a retender of it coming up in July second week. So that is 
one of the places that we were very confident because there were 2 
bidders, and we had a very high chance of getting. It was close to about, 
there were 2 orders, Rs. 165 crore and Rs. 85 crore. Both of it 
unfortunately went for a rebid, and we are expecting the tender to be out 
by mid-July, where we should be able to bid again. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Nitin Gandhi 
from Inoquest Advisors. Please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 13 of 20 
Nitin Gandhi: Can you share tax percentage because I am finding it comparatively low? 
Gopal Tiwari: Good question. I mean, this quarter, you will find that our tax implication 
is pretty low. I mean, rather we have gain in that. So that is because of 
deferred tax asset. Current quarter and the year for whole year, you will 
see the tax liability is there. But because of this deferred tax asset, we 
have got benefit of Rs. 21 crore, which is getting credited to tax liability. 
 Hence, the PAT amount has improved against Rs. 32 crore of last year, it 
is now Rs. 36 crore almost because of deferred tax asset benefit. And that 
is mainly on account of our extra provision made in this year towards ECL. 
So that has impacted our tax impact. 
Nitin Gandhi: So, going forward, you remain 25% next year, right? 
Gopal Tiwari: Yes, yes. But we have got our deferred tax asset, I mean, substantial 
amount lying in credit. So that benefit will always be there in coming future 
for some time. So not to this extent, but it will be there by and large. More 
or less, yes. 
Nitin Gandhi: Okay. Can you guide what is the likely tax rate going to be for at least  
FY '27? 
Nehal Shah: It should be 25%, maybe 1%, 2% or 3% here or there, depending upon the 
deferred tax we get. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Maitri Shah from 
Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Maitri Shah: Yes, hi. Firstly, on the deferred tax assets. So do you see that kind of 
happening for this year as well, FY '27? 
Gopal Tiwari: Yes, there could be a deferred tax asset, but it will not be to that extent 
because this year, because of this extra provision, we have got this 
benefit. But definitely, it will be there because we have got some credits 
lying in our books. So that impact will be there in current year also. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. Okay. And we won the Mumbai project, you said close to Rs. 150 
crore, Rs. 200 crore. What sort of timeline on completion do we have once 
we finally get this awarded? 
Nehal Shah: So, the implementation will take about 9 months and then we have O&M, 
which will go on for 5 years. It is typical transaction that we do for all our 
other projects. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. That is great. You also mentioned we are adding a lot of AI 
capabilities to our projects going forward. And since we are seeing now 
the increase in profitability coming, how do you see the margins growing 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 14 of 20 
from here on now on a short-term and a long-term basis? What drivers do 
you see helping these margin improvements and what investments are 
you putting in on the AI side? 
Paresh Shah: Yes. This is Paresh Shah. I am just answering that. So, we already did good 
proof of concepts last quarter also. We have our own agentic  AI 
architecture. Today, the industry is moving into AI wholesome in the 
sense, especially large customers are significantly adopting AI as their 
front end for all Services. So that we see as a big traction. We are moving 
into AI-first strategy. That is what we had adopted to make sure for large 
volume, we use AI agent architectures.  
So, this is one of the very key transformation that is happening across the 
industry as the Services is getting moved more, especially IT Services into 
AI-based approaches. So, we see the traction also and we see a lot of 
momentum coming ahead in coming years. 
Maitri Shah: Any quantification on the margins? How do you see the improvement 
happening over 1 to 2 years' time? 
Paresh Shah: Yes. So, we definitely see that there will be an improvement in the margins 
because labour will be reduced and that would definitely impact the 
margins. And mainly apart from AI, what is important is automation 
because finally the customers wants to see how they can also bring in 
savings, which will impact them and also able to give that justification for 
those contracts where they award to us and Allied Digital is constantly 
investing into AI more and more in terms of resources, in terms of 
technology and in terms of training. So, all these three are our key aspects 
of our journey this year also. 
Ramanan R: If I can add to that, Ramanan here. W e have sort of a three-pronged 
strategy for AI. One is most of the S mart City Solutions that you are going 
to be seeing going forward is going to have a significant element of AI in 
not only our Solutions, but also in the technologies that are being used. 
You are going to have more sensor technologies, which are going to have 
an incorporation of edge AI, which means that the sensors themselves are 
very intelligent and AI processing by nature. But then you will need a larger 
umbrella AI solution, which will gather all the data collected and be able 
to make meaningful decisions. So that is one.  
The second is there is a tremendous opportunity for Managed Services to 
incorporate AI in every element of its operation, which Paresh already 
described. And so,  we have our digital desk, which is quite advanced, 
which is competing with the industry in terms of its ability to be a global 
service desk.  
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 15 of 20 
But now we have an AI plus feature integrated into it, which is going to 
reduce the time required to resolve tickets, which is going to improve the 
automation that is possible and which is also going to improve the 
workflows that are possible. So that is the second part.  
The third which we see in Allied Digital is that agentic AI is in its infancy in 
terms of its implementations across the world. So,  we are not at a 
disadvantage to have our own agentic AI -based Solutions and systems 
starting to get deployed in an area which is a level playing field for the rest 
of the world. It is no technology company, or IT company is too advanced 
in that. And therefore, we are also putting our strategies to how we can 
provide agentic AI Solutions and Services for customers whom we already 
have and new customers we can acquire. So that is the three -pronged 
strategy that we are looking at. 
And that is going to be significant for Allied Digital because as you can see, 
AI is going to affect coding. We have not been in general in coding, but we 
have been in the deployment of managed Services . And more and more  
AI, the flavour of AI is going to be Managed Services in applications 
development as well as in infrastructure management. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. That was very informative. Thank you. Secondly, I think in the 
previous comment, you mentioned somewhere, maybe I have heard that 
wrong, but are we looking at a 12.5%, 13% margin for this year? Did I hear 
that correct? 
Nehal Shah: Yes. So that is a target that we would want to try and achieve. You are right, 
closely try to slowly go to 12% and then try to improve from there on. We 
would try to do that as soon as we can. And with the kind of contracts 
coming in, we are confident that we should be able to reach 12%, 12.5%, 
13% this year pretty soon. 
Maitri Shah: Got it. Great. Any bid pipeline do we have currently orders that we are kind 
of waiting for the like advice from clients? 
Nehal Shah: No. So the pipeline is pretty strong. We have a couple of orders that we 
feel will go our way. These are large contracts, Government contracts 
which are due for coming up as an RFP in the next 2 quarters, mostly 
coming in from the state of Maharashtra. There are 2 large contracts, both 
worth Rs. 600 crore individually. And we are a front runner there. 
Apart from that, there are pretty decent contracts that we have. There is a 
Noida Smart City, which is coming up where we are very keen of getting 
onboarded there as well. Apart from that, the Western Railway contracts, 
which are going to be coming up soon again. T here are certain high court 
orders that are there in the various courts that are going to be coming up.  
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 16 of 20 
There are digital win projects. So,  the pipeline, seemingly is very, very 
strong, not only domestically, but even internationally, where we are 
seeing a lot of traction happening from our customers either for getting us 
new business in existing accounts or getting new contracts. So,  from a 
strategy perspective, I think we are bang on.  The only question is that 
when do these deals come out in the open customer accepts the change 
and we start billing them. So, the time taking there is what we have to look 
after and make sure that we keep on adding more revenue to have a 
sustainable growth. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. That is great. And lastly, just a last question on the growth. How do 
you see because we have reached Rs. 1,000 crore run rate now by the end 
of quarter 4. How do you see that panning out by the end of quarter 4 next 
year? And any sort of targets for the next like a medium-term revenue 
growth? 
Nehal Shah: We have reached Rs. 1,000 crore. Next 4 quarters, so the long-term target, 
of course, I gave you 10x. For the next short-term target, which eventually 
comes up to about 20% to 25% kind of a growth is what we are looking at 
consistently from year-over-year. That is the target f or the outside world, 
yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Dedhia: Okay. Yes. So,  my question was on the AI side. So,  I think thanks for the 
clear picture in terms of how you are going with AI strategy. My question 
is, how have you seen the implementation time from now to once you 
scale up your AI initiatives, how does it impact the implementation time? 
And vis-a-vis how do you see your projects bidding happening as well post 
you have the AI initiatives implemented? 
Paresh Shah: Yes. So just to update you, last quarter, we already did two proof of 
concepts. We already have one customer right now where we are 
implementing automation and AI together, one of the large BFSI 
customers.  
And so, our Agentic AI framework is quite ready, but we have a road map 
for it. We have a lot of expansion plans. And what we see is to implement 
it, basically, it is a complete transformation strategy, which every 
customer picks up, and they get the savings of the automation and the AI 
together. And it is a journey where we see that every other new project that 
is coming is by default looking at AI as a solution. So, we are quite ready 
to address that. 
We are also adopting some new strategies to make sure we can speed up 
implementations in this coming year, not only with our road map, but also 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 17 of 20 
adopting a lot of integrated third -party tools that can speed up the AI 
transformation for organizations. So yes, we are using both these 
strategies to make sure our platform as well as third -party platforms are 
ready-to-use platforms for very large organizations can also be deployed. 
Pratik Dedhia: Okay. Any quantification if you can provide in terms of time reduction that 
you see, if possible? 
Paresh Shah: So, you are mentioning time reduction to implement, right? 
Pratik Dedhia: Yes, yes. 
Paresh Shah: Yes. So, every customer adopts AI in a phased manner also, okay? And it 
all depends on how their data quality is also. So even if we have the 
solution ready to make it operational as well as beneficial, it is a kind of a 
journey. And the journey can be as short as  6 months where they can 
implement more automation and less AI. And over the time, implement 
more AI and take it forward and get the benefits faster. 
So usually, at some rule is short- term around 6 months, they can really 
improve the user experience and gain benefits of automation. And over 
long term, probably a year, they can see more benefits of AI as, you know, 
they are able to handle the volume of transactions in a bigger way. 
Pratik Dedhia: Okay. Got it. And how do you see resource or headcount utilization post 
AI implementation strategy works out?  
Paresh Shah: Yes. So, resource and as more and more AI implementation happens, the 
front ending, the Level 1 support, okay, definitely gets impacted because 
more and more AI agent is able to address the front ending of the issues. 
So, a lot of filtering as well as routing happens to the AI agent, okay?  And 
that will definitely impact the low -level resources, which are definitely 
addressing the issue of the customer first. okay? So, we see definitely a 
reduction on the resource count for any customer close to 20%, 25% in a 
matter of 6 months or a year. 
Pratik Dedhia: All right. And should that be accelerated translation into your margins as 
well. So, your guidance is for 12%, 12.5% for this year and then probably 
going ahead. So how should I correlate that to your margin expansion? 
Paresh Shah: Yes. So, profitability definitely will improve. There is no doubt. But it also 
depends on how large and how the customer is really embracing AI 
because that is a very important factor. Certain industries and the large 
volume industries like BFSI definitely embrace AI much better. And that 
will see a difference. 
And more regulated industries like pharma and all, they are slow to adopt. 
So that can make a difference. But overall, as a margin, if you look at it, 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 18 of 20 
definitely, it will be much, much better because definitely that impact of 
AI and automation, in fact, automation happens even first. So, you can 
immediately see benefits there. 
Pratik Dedhia: Got it. All right. And my next question is more from a geographical 
perspective. So how are you seeing your business traction on the US side 
more from the AI Ask adoption and so I heard the first participant's 
question as well in terms of how the conversations are going. But if you 
can throw more light on how the conversations are aligning to the AI side 
and how the contracts are being revisited there? 
Paresh Shah: So just to add, globally, AI adoption in US is obviously quite high, okay? 
And that is why there are more opportunities. And especially large 
customers, if you look at it, they definitely have some or the other way, 
adopted AI is in the centre stage, okay? 
And that is what we see that it is a great opportunity to work with some 
large customers adopting industry standard platforms and building 
complete end-to-end AI automation journey for them together. So, we see 
definitely more adoption at the global level and slower adoption, but 
definite adoption even in India. 
Ramanan R: If I can add to that, you see, there is a lot of dynamic changes and real -
time changes happening in the AI marketplace, both in terms of 
announcements being made, which the customers are watching a little 
warily as well as actual implementations that are being done, where there 
is an immediate advantage of leveraging AI for improving the workings of 
the organization based on the data that is already collected. 
So, definitely, when you go to a customer today, they want to know what 
are the AI capabilities that the organization is developing, what are the 
tools that they are familiar with, what are the tools that they have 
developed? And what is the way we can immediately engage in leveraging 
all of this in whatever we are already doing. 
So that is evident, for example, in our M anaged Services, where we have 
not only just been providing field level support and network operating 
centres and all that, but we have developed our own Digital Desk. And so, 
everybody wants to know how Digital Desk is now being powered by AI for 
leveraging advantages for reduced cost, increases reliability and better 
infrastructure management. 
The same is true in terms of business systems that are there. But that is 
an area that is still watchfully being looked at because you need 
safeguard, you need guardrails. You need cybersecurity to ensure that 
there is no penetration of anything illegally as well as you need to make 
sure that t here is no opportunity for proprietary data to get accessed by 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 19 of 20 
others who are not supposed to have access to.  So, it is definitely 
changing that every conversation with every customer has an AI 
component and Allied Digital is working and firing on all cylinders to be 
able to address those opportunities. 
Paresh Shah: So, one more point we wanted to add is, as you know, there are AI -based 
data centres coming up left and right. And that has given also another 
open up new doors for Allied Digital to give Managed Services for those AI 
data centres and help customers easily migrate and adopt AI on their 
local data sovereignty- based data centres . So that is an advantage that 
we feel that Allied can take as an early mover in terms of technologies. 
Pratik Dedhia: Okay. That is good to know. And one follow- up from the things that you 
mentioned, any client that you would have lost for the client themselves 
taking up the AI adoption and taking the automation internal as against, 
say, depending upon you guys? 
Nehal Shah: Not so far Pratik. We have not seen any customers taking anything in -
house. In fact, rather, the requirements of outsourcing have gone up 
where opportunities are being created for vendors who have made AI 
adaptability very easy. CIOs today are talking and wanting vendors who 
can help them in their AI journey. So, this, according to us, at our size, we 
feel this is an absolute opportunity for us for growth. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you once again for your participation and engagement during 
today's call. We remain encouraged by the direction of our business and 
the significant opportunities emerging across the evolving global 
technology landscape. Having now achieved Rs. 1,000 crore annualized 
revenue milestone on a quarterly run rate basis, we believe Allied is 
entering a new phase of growth and evolution. 
Looking ahead, we aspire to scale the business 10x over the next decade, 
which would imply a compounded annual trajectory growth of 
approximately 20% to 25%. Over the past few years, we have undertaken 
a comprehensive transformation across multiple dimensi ons of the 
organization, including governance, transparency, leadership 
development, human capital delivery capabilities and our sales and go -
to-market framework. 
We believe these initiatives have significantly strengthened the 
foundation of the company and created a more agile, scalable and 
resilient platform capable of supporting sustained long-term growth. 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
 
 Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 20 of 20 
Should you require any further information or have additional questions, 
please feel free to reach out to our team or connect with CDR India. We 
sincerely appreciate your continued support and confidence in Allied 
Digital Services. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Allied Digital Services  Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors,  
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 