
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
TVS Electronics Limited
“Arihant E-Park”, No.117/1, 9 th Floor, L.B. Road, Adyar, Chennai – 600 020. Tel.: +91-44-42005200
Registered Office: Greenways Towers, 2 nd Floor, No.119, St. Mary’s Road, Abhiramapuram, Chennai- 600 018
Corporate Identity Number: L30007TN1995PLC032941
E-mail id: webmaster@tvs-e.in Website: www.tvs-e.in
13th November, 2024
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai - 400 001 Scrip Code – 532513
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/1 G Block
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra - (E)
Mumbai - 400 051 Scrip Symbol – TVSELECT
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015
In continuation to our intimations dated 4 th November, 2024 and 11th November, 2024 with respect to
Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended 30 th September, 2024 and intimation on the audio
recording, respectively, we wish to inform that the transcript of the said recording is available on the
website of the Company at:
https://www.tvs-e.in/wp-content/finreports/stock/TVSE_EarningsCall_Transcript.pdf
We have also enclosed the transcript. Kindly take the same on records.
Thanking you,
For TVS ELECTRONICS LIMITED
K Santosh
Company Secretary

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 14
TVS Electronics LimitedTVS Electronics Limited Q2 H1 FY’25 Earnings Conference CallNovember 11, 2024Moderator:Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TVS Electronics Limited Q2 and H1 FY’25Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode,and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing"*" then "0" on your touch-tone phone. This conference is being recorded.I now hand the conference over to Ms. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, andover to you, sir.Anuj Sonpal:Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is AnujSonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of TVS ElectronicsLimited. On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in theCompany's Earnings Conference Call for the 2nd Quarter and First Half of Financial Year 2025.Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements madein today's Earnings Call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statementsare subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from thoseanticipated. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as assumptionsmade by and information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not toplace any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investmentdecisions.The purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate and bring awareness about theCompany's fundamental business and Financial Quarter under review.Let me now introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Calland hand it over to them for Opening Remarks.We firstly have with us Mrs. Srilalitha Gopal – Managing Director; Mr. Mr. A K. Vadivelu -Chief Financial Officer. Without any further delay, I request Mrs. Gopal to start with heropening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Ma’am.Srilalitha Gopal:Thank you Anuj. Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our first ever Earnings Call to discussthe performance of the 2nd Quarter and First Half of the Financial Year 2025. Some of you
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
Page 2 of 14
may be new to the company, so let me start by giving a quick brief overview of TVSElectronics.TVS Electronics or TVSE as it is popularly known was incorporated in 1986 under theleadership of Mr. Gopal Srinivasan, a member of the illustrated TVS family. We areheadquartered out of Chennai and have a state-of-the-art manufacturing plant located atTumkuru, Karnataka. Our vision is to be an integrated electronic solutions provider for B2Bcustomers.The overall performance of the company is reviewed under 2 business units, Products andSolutions Group and Customer Support Services. In the Products and Solutions Group, weaspire to be a single point solutions provider. The 2 offerings that we have are point oftransaction products and integrated solutions.Our point of transaction products mainly consist of input devices, computing devices,validation devices and output devices. Under integrated solutions, we offer our own softwaresolution TVSE Pay for retail customers and also have a set of solutions to our partnerecosystem. These include hardware ecosystems based out of Taiwan, Korea and China.Software ecosystems mainly consisting of RoyalPOS, SnapBizz and Vyapar and the third isanalytics ecosystem which we are building. While we cannot share any forward-lookingnumbers, we would like to share the addressable market size as we assess currently is around2000 crores of which our market share is about 18 to 20%. This segment of our businesscontributes almost 70% to our revenues. The Customer Support Services business unit, weaspire to be the first choice after sales service partner. Our focus is on field support services,infrastructure managed services, O&M services and electronic manufacturing services.The field support services caters to the IT and IT peripherals. Predominantly covers 15,000postal codes, 2400 field agents. The large customers like Dell, HP, etc., we provide break/fixand maintenance services to them. Under field support services, we also cater to the bankingcommunity where some of the large banks and financial services companies have break/fixarrangements with us for their EDC terminals.Under customer support services, we have identified the following growth areas for TVSE.The first is the Infra Managed Services for IT and IT peripherals. The second is the operationsand maintenance for solar. The third is the Electronic Manufacturing Services. The broadserviceable market for field support services is about 500 crores. Infra-Managed Services isabout 4,500 crores and the Operations and Maintenance Services, O&M, is 350 crores. So, weare looking at an addressable market of about 5,350 crores.In the electronic manufacturing services, we mainly would like to address box-buildopportunities, exploring the Make-In-India opportunities with our tech partners. We are
 

===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
Page 3 of 14
confident that the new areas identified of growth will place TVSE in a good position in thecoming decade.With that brief overview of what TVSE actually is, I hand over the call to Mr. A. K. Velu, ourCFO, to provide key financial and operational highlights for the quarter under review,followed by an open Q&A session.A. K. Velu:Thank you, ma'am. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to this Earnings Concall. Let mefirst brief you on the financial performance for the 2nd Quarter of the Financial Year 2025.For Q2 FY’25, the consolidated revenue from operations stood at around 105 crores, whichincreased by 13.4% on year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the quarter was around 2.6 crores, andnet loss was reported at approximately 1.3 crores. For the first half of the financial year, theconsolidated revenue from operations stood at around 216 crores, which increased byapproximately 18.6% on year-on-year basis.EBITDA for the first half was around 5.8 crores, and net loss was reported approximately 2.6crores. The products and solutions verticals generated revenue of 73 crores in Q2 FY’23,representing an increase of 8.3% year-on-year. The segment registered year-on-year growthof 19.1% in revenue in H1-25.The customer support services verticals generated a revenue of 32 crores in Q2 FY’25,representing an increase of 27.5% year-on-year. The increase in revenue is driven byimproved volumes in Q2. The segment registered a year-on-year growth of 17.4% in revenuein H1.The EBIT margins declined during the quarter, driven by an increase in personal costsassociated with new business initiatives such as EMS and R&D, as well as investments inbuilding capabilities, which expected to yield better results in the future. The PBT wasimpacted due to an increase in finance costs, which were incurred for servicing the loans,procured for capital investments and the working tax capital purpose.With that, we can now open the floor for questions and answer session. Thank you.Moderator:Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Dilip, an individual investor. Pleasego ahead.Dilip:I just wanted to check the margin this quarter for obvious reasons. Can you segregate whatwas the impact of the new line, SMT-1 and if you take that out, the core businesses likeproduct business and services business, can you individually show how those businessesperformed in terms of margins?
 

===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
Page 4 of 14
A. K. Velu:Yes, sure. I think overall on all the growth initiatives put together; we are investing between 2to 3% of our revenue. So, if you look at our current EBIT for Quarter 2, it is 2.5%. So, if youadd that, our EBIT will be somewhere between 4.5 to 5.5%.Dilip:Yes, so that is what the traditional margin of around 5% plus or minus 0.5% has been for thelast couple of years. So, there has been no deterioration of the core businesses, but becauseof the investment you are showing a little less margin or maybe no margin.A. K. Velu:Absolutely, sir. As we are focusing on long-term growth, we are investing in this growth areas.Otherwise, our business as usual, we are generating 4.5 to 5.5% of EBITDA, which is ourregular performance.Dilip:Sir, I am assuming that your customer service business is asset-light business. So, the capitalwill be mostly working capital and the factory, I think they are very old ones. So, the netvalues will be quite depreciated, right? Can you just tell me broadly what amount of capitalthe product business is taking and how much is the investment in customer service business?A. K. Velu:Broadly, if you categorize out of our total capital employed, 65 crores to 70 crores will betowards product business and 20 to 25 crores is towards the service business.Dilip:Okay. So, ideally the way to look at it is that around 100 crores of capital, if the scale-uphappens, will give you around 20 to 25 crores of return. So, the ROC will turn to around(+20%). Is it fair to assume that 20% to 22 % ROCE, 15% ROE is the kind of nature of thisbusiness?A. K. Velu:Yes, 15% ROE is the regular past performance for our company, and we are targeting towardsthat in the future also. Sure, sure.Dilip:Coming back to the customer service business, your vendors are large like Dell and IBM andthose guys. Is there some specific segment you are allowed to serve or is it also that if youlook at networking products or storage or data center products, inside the enterprisecustomer premise, is that also you serve or is it only the retail customers who just walk into astore or somebody who bought a laptop who wants to serve? Is there a differentiation interms of customer base from your vendor's perspective?Srilalitha Gopal:So, Mr. Dilip, let me take the question. The main customer for us are the enterprisecustomers, that means Dell is the customer, the end customer is the walk-in customer or theactual user is by fact that he or she owns a Dell or HP laptop. But the actual what we servewill be HP servers, Dell servers, Dell laptops and HP laptops in reality. The retail part of thebusiness is very small as compared to the enterprise.
 

===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
Page 5 of 14
Dilip:Okay. So, you are saying that the enterprise customers of Dell are the guys who receive yourservice on behalf of Dell?Srilalitha Gopal:That's right.Dilip:So, my question, ma'am is that when you are trying, so what is the skill level? Is it likebreak/fix and logistics and a first L1 kind of a call or you really manage the data centers?Because if you are going to really manage the switches and routers and data centers andservers and storage and enterprise apps, your margin should have been much more higher,isn't it? Not some 5% EBITDA margin, isn't it?Srilalitha Gopal:No, at this present, I don't think they are outsourcing data center management and othermanagement, Mr. Dilip. As and when they are getting outsourced, we will build our skill forthat.Dilip:Sure. Understood. So, you are essentially looking at maybe a last mile support and givingthem point of service across multiple locations which they cannot have on their own, is itcorrect to understand like that?Srilalitha Gopal:No, not correct. That's actually exactly what you have asked for. It is the last mile service.After sales, last mile support is what we provide.Dilip:Great. Ma'am, in terms of the product line, you have been there, that's similar like POS andkeyboards and mouse and stuff like that for a very, very long time, right and I know about itfor at least 30, 40 years. So, why are you focused only, and that segment is also gettingchallenged by new platforms coming up. So, both in terms of point of sale for the retail guy aswell as the input devices like printers what would be our compulsion to stick to these two,three product lines? That's why we are not able to expand to other electronics in the broaderrange like say monitors or something like that which are also devices connected to acomputing device.Srilalitha Gopal:As of now, Mr. Dilip, being in this particular set of devices makes a lot of compelling case forus. We will definitely examine your suggestion and go back to the drawing board on this.Dilip:You know, I am not, obviously, you are running the business, I am not suggesting, I am justtrying to understand, is there any…Srilalitha Gopal:No, Mr. Dilip, I am being very honest here. We do find being, continuing to be in POS and if Imight mention POS has been not a very long term. Actually, we have been in POS for the lastfew years only. We have not entered POS before that. POS as in point of sale, as in point ofsale terminal, point of sale processing devices, etc. What we have been for the longest timeare DOT MATRIX printers and printers and keyboards and so on and so forth. Those are Dot
 

===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
Page 6 of 14
Matrix printers, I agree with you. They have sort of now are seeing sunset. Keyboards aresomething which are continuing to be in high demand and we think they will be. But the rest,yes, I think what you make is an interesting thought. We will examine it. I won't have ananswer at this point of time. But as you know, we have set up the R&D center and the R&Dcenter is examining all such suggestions from the board, well-wishers, shareholders andinvestors and I will definitely add this to their list of suggestions to examine.Dilip:Yes. But my thought process is coming from the fact that I have been knowing TVS for almost30-40 years and one of the early pioneers of the best quality keyboards if I remember andhaving a few companies in India electronics manufacturing who invested in R&D and set upand all. But somehow over so many years the volumes, the revenues are still 150-200 croresper quarter, maybe 400 crores per year. That's what I was wondering that there are so manynew electronic manufacturing companies who came, let's say Dixon or a Kaynes or all theseso-called electronics manufacturing companies who are outsourcing OEM products. Theycompletely caught the wave and currently are talking about thousands of crores ofmanufacturing. But some of the old hands and very quality-oriented companies like TVScouldn't catch that wave. So, I am just trying to understand what is that happened.Srilalitha Gopal:No, very valid query on your part, sir. I am sure you should keep asking these questions andwe will continue to answer them. But no matter what I tell you today, I will not be able toanswer that question.Dilip:It is not a question that I am just wondering and not thinking about.Srilalitha Gopal:I absolutely appreciate what you do. But as I said, I don't think I will be able to answer itconvincingly or even in a satisfactory manner today. But please keep asking us thesequestions.Moderator:Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit, an individual investor. Please goahead.Abhijit:Ma'am, this is regarding the EMS business. We have got Mr. Satya for around, I think, 5 to 6months. Any progress that you can share as to any shortlisted clients or any expectedturnover from that particular area?Srilalitha Gopal:Nothing that I can share at this point, Mr. Abhijit. I would like you to keep engaging with usand we will definitely share when we have something crystal that we can share with you.Efforts are on.Abhijit:Efforts are on. Okay and what are the areas where one would be looking at? In EMS, therewould be various segments, various, what do you say, focus. You can do it for auto, you can
 

===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
Page 7 of 14
do it for consumers. Any particular area where you are focusing, any pharma, how are yougoing about it?Srilalitha Gopal:So, we are definitely looking at auto electronics, electronics being our backbone. So,definitely auto electronics. Our one existing extension of our peripherals, a manufacturerwhich we are already doing in-house extension of that. These are two major areas we arefocusing at this point of time, Mr. Abhijit.Abhijit:And this would be local clients, international clients?Srilalitha Gopal:I think as I said, efforts are on. Okay. You can ask me any amount of time in whichever way Iwill give you the same answer.Abhijit:No, I am just trying to understand more.Srilalitha Gopal:No, I know. I appreciate it completely. But if I had a number, a name, you would have heard iteven before we did this call.Abhijit:Okay, great and there was a newspaper report saying that you were also looking atgovernment orders since you are grade 1. Anything you can share that side, be it in terms ofEMS or any other business?Srilalitha Gopal:Government orders will predominantly be projects from the products, which anyway hasalways been a tender base, gem portals, government orders, part of the infrastructure, not inthe EMS side.Abhijit:Okay, fine and ma'am, with the focus increasing in terms of the new personnel who arecoming up, one was actually expecting a Q1 increase in turnover. You had a good Q1 where Ithink you did a 20% plus sales growth. Anything you can share if there has been a particularreason for the Q2 being slightly lower, or is that something which will keep on happening?Anything you can give more info on that?Srilalitha Gopal:Mr. Abhijit, I think we are focused on long-term growth. The Quarter 1, as you might havenoticed and we also announced, there were project revenues from the government whichadded to a substantial increase and we will keep focusing on the growth and scale. So, I thinkshorter term quarters, there will be pluses and minuses.Abhijit:Okay and ma'am, as I see also the investments have gone down in the balance sheet byaround 20 crores from your 31st March 2024 to 30th September 2024. So, do you think downthe line you will be raising more debt or you will be looking at raising equity in case yourequire for the funding of new businesses?
 

===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
Page 8 of 14
A. K. Velu:Actually, it is a mutual fund investment. We have surplus funds in the mutual fundinvestments and as we had requirements for our working capital purpose, we just redeemedthose investments and we have used it for our normal working capital purpose. That is whyyou are seeing the reduction. On an overall basis, on a CAPEX side, if you ask, we have alreadyinvested in the last 2 years approximately 40 crores for all the growth areas that are CAPEX.So, in the near future, we may not do such a big CAPEX, but we will do the regularrequirements for growth like setting up new offices, increasing digitization, all those areas,which will be a regular business CAPEX. Expansion CAPEX, we have already completed in thelast 2 years.Abhijit:Okay. But will you be doing the fresh funding in case you require more funds? Since thepersonal costs have gone up a bit, would you be looking at more debt or you will be able toget it through internal accruals or you will be looking to raise fresh capital?A. K. Velu:In the short term, we are looking to manage our internal accruals. Long term, if we could, wewill look at the option of fundraising. That will be a long term option.Moderator:Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Vora from Envision Capital. Please goahead.Rohan Vora:So, I just wanted to understand how big is the R&D team today versus 2 years back. Also, onemore question on that was how does the team select the products? What is the thoughtprocess behind how a product is shortlisted that the team will work on? Thank you.Srilalitha Gopal:Rohan, thank you for joining the call and asking this. The short answer is actually 2 years back,if you look at it, we just had a very small sustenance engineering team. The R&D team waspractically zero. Today, we have a fairly large team, about 20 to 25 member team, which willgrow with the business. The second question was how do we select products fordevelopment? That is purely based on the market research and the areas that we are in, salesreports, opportunity reports, trends, a whole bunch of things that are evaluated fordevelopment.Moderator:Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Patel, an individual investor. Pleasego ahead.Manan Patel:Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for doing this call. I hope this practicecontinues. The question would be on EMS. You mentioned that we are still looking for clientsand all, but we have done the CapEx, so would you be able to give a proper timeline on whenwe can start to see the revenues start flowing in EMS, and are we planning to report itseparately, or will it be part of the product and solutions?
 

===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
Page 9 of 14
A. K. Velu:I think as mentioned by MD earlier, I think we are putting all our efforts to do the businessdevelopment, and we are also hoping the onboarding happens sooner. Based on that, I thinkwe are also having a plan of having a separate reporting in the 3 or 4 quarters as thingsprogress.Manan Patel:Okay. And apart from clients, are there any milestones that we need to reach in EMS apartfrom getting clients, like any certifications or anything else?A. K. Velu:Apart from doing clients, we are into auto. I think there is some specific certification workthat needs to be done, which we already started. The internal team is working on thosecertifications, so that will be ready by this December end. We are working on a fewcertification projects already.Manan Patel:Okay. Great. The second question is on the CSS. I have looked at the company's balance sheetfor many years now. If I look at the CSS division, it has never been profitable, and it looks stilllike a subscale. I mentioned 5,300 crores of revenue of the market size, but still we are doingaround 100 crores annually, and it has not been profitable ever for us. So, like, how do we seethe growth path in this? First of all, the CSS. Looking at the history of CSS in the company, thedivision has probably been at the same scale for many years and has not been profitable. So, Iwanted to understand your views on what path are we looking at for this segment, and can itgrow substantially and become profitable in, like, next couple of years or something like that?How do you think about this segment and ROCs of this?Srilalitha Gopal:Good evening, Manan. First of all, thank you for your questions, and I would like to assureyou that, yes, the Earnings Call will continue every quarter, and we will engage with ourinvestors and analysts. On the customer support services, I think the observations of all ourwell-wishers have been very, very accurate. That is, it appears in the reporting that we arenot actually making profits. But if you look at it, the customer support services, as I alreadymentioned, supports a bunch of offerings, some of which are growing, some of which are stillin nascent stages and the combined effect of it sometimes gives the impression that thedivision is not making profits. The second thing is that over a period of years, we have nowidentified growth areas. As I mentioned earlier in my address, that IMS, field support, andO&M are our growth areas, and we are going to focus on this. In the earlier years, we used tohave consumer electronics services. I'm not sure whether you have had a chance to examinethem. We used to support consumer electronics repairs, break/fix and repairs which was not,unfortunately, something that we could make much of, and that actually dragged a lot of ourproductivity and our profits. We have now exited them completely, and our focus is going tobe on IT sector. Our focus is going to be on banking sector, and our focus is going to be on thesolar sector, and we believe this will give us the momentum that we need. Hopefully, weshould be able to demonstrate how the performance has been in the next few quarters.
 

===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
Page 10 of 14
Manan Patel:That is very helpful, ma'am. Last question on the CSS. So, the segment assets, if I look at thecustomer support services, the segment assets have increased from around 61 crores to 103crores. So, what is that jump related to? I am not able to pinpoint that from the balance sheet.If you can help, what is that some kind of investment, or the receivables have gone upsubstantially, or inventory, if you can help us understand that.A. K. Velu:Yes. Currently, as we internally look at the customer support service, it includesmanufacturing services, which is EMS. So, the investments in that business and the growth inreceivables and related working capital areas, that is where you are seeing an increase in thesegment assets of that business.Moderator:Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naresh Kumar, an individual investor. Pleasego ahead.Naresh Kumar:Madam, this EMS line, which has been newly operational, actually, what is in the phase, if youcompare phase-wise, what you people intend to do in the first phase? Will it only be forcaptive consumption, or you are targeting some other sectors also in the first phase?Srilalitha Gopal:The first phase is definitely, as we have mentioned earlier also, is for captive consumption. Aswe increase the productivity and as we settle down, we are looking for customers, as Imentioned earlier also, in the automotive electronic segment and the IT peripheral segment,which happens to be where we are currently. We also are currently in.Naresh Kumar:Okay. Madam, will we be able to take care, this existing line, will we be able to take care ofthe external clients also or do we need to go for some cap?Srilalitha Gopal:Yes, I think so. We can.Naresh Kumar:Okay and any capacity expansion is there? Will the factory premises be able to do that, spaceis enough for the accommodation of CAPEX, or do we need to have some other?Srilalitha Gopal:Yes we can accommodate.Naresh Kumar:Okay and madam, what is the CAPEX that is incurred on this EMS line?A. K. Velu:Yes, the last year we have set up one SMT line, so for that we have invested, let's say, 15crores. So, that is the investment which we have done in the last year, including setting upthe entire factory with nitrogen gas pipes and air pipes for compressor and everything. So,that is a first-time setup, so we have spent 15 crores for the first line.Moderator:Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sriram, an individual investor. Please goahead.
 

===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
Page 11 of 14
Sriram:Thank you for the opportunity. Just a follow-up. I mean, this year, what is the total CAPEXthat we have spent for this EMS, and what is the asset turn we are expecting over the nextcouple of years?A. K. Velu:As I mentioned, we have spent 15 crores, which is, I think, in our capital as of March itself. So,we have spent 15 crores. The asset turn and all is, I think, as the business onboardinghappens, we will be able to give you those details.Sriram:Okay. For this year, what is the CAPEX FY’25?A. K. Velu:For this year, we are not planning any additional CAPEX as of now. If there is a businessrequirement, we will take the call as and when it is required. As of now, there is no plan forthis year.Moderator:Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohith from Marshmallow Capital. Please goahead.Rohith:Thank you for the opportunity, sir, and thank you for doing this call. It's really helpful. I mean,so in the conversation today, you guys mentioned that we are looking at auto electronics andIT peripherals as the first foray into SMT. So, what are the filters through which a product hasto go through before you decide to make it? I mean, is there some sort of a margin? Is theresome sort of a return on capital metric that you look at? Like, what determines the decision issomething that will be helpful to understand.Srilalitha Gopal:Good evening, Mr. Rohith. I think you have given us all the filters that we need to lookthrough. We are looking at all of that and more.Rohith:Understood. So, thank you. That's helpful and it is also helpful to know that whenever theSMT scales up, you will be reporting it separately. You are looking forward to that and in themeantime, it will help us to know. So, as shareholders, from the outside, we can't see what ishappening internally. You did do a plant visit, which is very helpful, and I was lucky to be aparticipant in that. But what are the metrics? I mean, what should we look out for? Becausenumbers, you said, as and when it happens, you will disclose to us. So, what would we lookforward to over the next whatever period of time to see or understand the progress withinthe company?A. K. Velu:As we have started with the Earnings Call, we will continue to do. So, you will get to listenfrom us the progress in each and every business segment. So, whatever developments,further developments, we will update you in the next business call, the next Earnings Call.Understood. Fair enough.
 

===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
Page 12 of 14
Rohith:So, any customer wins, or certifications, and all that, will you be disclosing to the exchanges? Ithink that also might be helpful.A. K. Velu:Yeah, if it is required as per the SEBI norms, we will disclose it. So, we will keep the exchangeupdated about it.Srilalitha Gopal:According to SEBI, anything material has to be reported, Mr. Rohith. So, then you candefinitely get to know all that and what we are also planning is regular press reports andreleases to celebrate any new wins and big wins.Rohith:Perfect. That also will be helpful and on a broader strategy, right, so this EMS space is veryclear that it is a very, very, very large space, and we have, given our history and our groupreputation, it is something that we have a right to win, and it makes sense for us to targetgiven the opportunity size. I want to understand more of your thought process in targeting asegment like solar operation and maintenance, right? So, I think it was indicated that themarket opportunity size is around 300-350 crores. And obviously, it would not be the casethat we get 100% share there. So, when we have such big opportunities in both the customersolution in terms of IT infrastructure opportunity and the EMS space, why go for something,or why diffuse our focus with something like this, where the opportunity size is small and itmight not fit into our, let's say, five, seven-year ambition with the size we intend to reach?Srilalitha Gopal:So, I think this is a really good suggestion, and as I had mentioned to one of our earlieresteemed participants also, and this calls for a long discussion. I'm sure this is slightly beyondthe scope of this call. We will take whatever you have said into consideration, and it issomething that we keep also debating. We will get back to you on what our thoughts aremaybe in the next meeting or the next call.Rohith:Okay, thank you, ma'am and last question is, in the opening commentary, you mentionedthat in product solutions, the market size is around 2,000 crore, and maybe we are 18, 20%there. But, I mean, so related to this, it seems like the Indian government is not very keen onsensitive products coming from China, like, let's say, the closed-circuit camera, etc. and thatseems right within our circle of competence, so to speak. So, do you see this market size ormarket opportunity for us expanding and entering newer segments within product? I mean, Iknow EMS is an exciting space for us, but even within product, it seems like the opportunityset can be expanding, and we can probably do more there. So, do you see theseopportunities opening up at your end?Srilalitha Gopal:Yeah, I do see opportunities opening up. We are constantly exploring and there are newareas coming in, even as we speak.Rohith:So, are we doing newer products in that space right now, or it's still too early to speak at thispoint?
 

===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
Page 13 of 14
Srilalitha Gopal:Too early to speak. R&D takes nothing less than 4 to 6 quarters to come up with something.Rohith:Understood and, ma'am, both of you, last question from my end. So, I mean, I have begunfollowing this EMS and contract manufacturing space only this year, but one factor thatseems to be a differentiator in many of the large companies which have done well is that, Imean, the nature of the business is that the margins are probably high single digits or maybevery low double digits, and in that context, given the labor intensity of the business as well, itseems like many of the successful players are located in places where the labor cost is cheap,so predominantly the north, like where the supply of labor, like maybe the UP side or NCRside or Rajasthan side, and because labor component is an important piece given the laborintensity and the low margin nature necessitates that we keep some of our large costs low.So, in that context, while Tumkur has... Tumkur is a great location in the sense of theavailability of engineering talent, do you see cost as a pain point for us to scale, labor cost inparticular?Srilalitha Gopal:Not really.Moderator:Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Dilip, an individual investor. Pleasego ahead.Dilip:I am just trying to understand from your... on the EMS business a bit. Since you must be, I amsure, engaging with your prospective customers for some time now, what has been theresponse? What kind of qualifiers are they putting for either doing business with you or notdoing business with you? Like, what are the reasons why they want to do business and whatare the reasons why they don't want to do business with you? Can you just elaborate?Srilalitha Gopal:No, I am not sure those are all questions or things that we could share with you at this pointof time. I am not at liberty to. I mean, you understand why, right? I mean, I cannot tell themwhy they want to work with us, nor can I tell you why they don't want to work with us. I donot want to have assumption that people don't want to work or work with us, so I think Iwould like to avoid that question.Dilip:Yeah. So, my point was this question of right to win in the market, which was asked before,and I have been just trying to figure out what is the right to win in this market. There arevarious kinds of players with various competency and capacity, and where does TVS fit intothis whole scheme of things? That's what I was saying, if you can tell us. At least when youare pitching to the customer, what is it that you are pitching?Srilalitha Gopal:Mr. Dilip, I am not exactly sure what I need to be mentioning. I was making a littledevelopmentDilip:No, is it the R&D?
 

===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
Page 14 of 14
Srilalitha Gopal:There is enough history and enough capability that TVS has to be able to make a convincingargument, is all I can say.Dilip:Sure, okay. Yeah, I understand. Thank you, ma'am.Moderator:Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Manan Patel, an individual investor.Please go ahead.Manan Patel:So, I would like to ask... So, our employee costs were around 54 crores in FY’24, and given therun rate of current quarter, we would almost touch around 75 crores. So, where in thejourney of investing or hiring new employees are we stuck? Is that near the end or this cost isexpected to go up further in the quarters coming?A. K. Velu:I think, as I mentioned in the beginning of the call, I think we are focusing on EMS and R&Dinitiatives. We have invested on these new people, whom we have added in the last 2-3,quarters and if I were to say whether it will continue, I think we have done 75 to 80% of whatis required. In the future we will add as the business grows. That is the way it will progress.Either the business development or operationally, as per the business growth requirements,we will add people.Manan Patel:Understood and, sir, what kind of investments are we expecting as a percentage of revenueor something like that in the R&D for new product development?A. K. Velu:See, I can't give separately, but as I mentioned in the beginning, in EMS and R&D and otherinitiatives, all put together, we are investing 2 to 3% of our revenue towards all the growthinitiatives, keeping the long-term growth in mind.Manan Patel:Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks a lot.Moderator:As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over tothe management from TVS Electronics Limited for closing comments.Srilalitha Gopal:Thank you all for asking really relevant in-depth questions. We request you to continue toengage with us. Some of your questions will make us think even more and come back to youwith answers and responses, which will perhaps make it more interesting for furtherinteresting sessions.A. K. Velu:Thank you all.Moderator:Thank you. On behalf of TVS Electronics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank youfor joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.
 
