
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
February 10, 2026 
To,                  To,  
Corporate Relationship Department                          Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                                       Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C-1, 
Mumbai — 400 001                                                              G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
                                                                                                     Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code:  532875                                                             Scrip Symbol: ADSL 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/Investors earnings Call pertaining to Financial Results for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are submitting the Transcripts of Earnings Call held on Thursday , 
February 05, 2026, in respect of the financial results for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2025. 
The same can also be viewed at https://www.allieddigital.net/in/earning-conference-call 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
_______________________ 
Khyati Shah 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited  
Q3 & 9M FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
February 05, 2026 
 
Call Duration • 1 hour 2 minutes and 48 seconds 
Management Attendees 
• Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director 
• Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan, Global Head Strategy responsible for 
Growth, Innovation and Partnerships 
• Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole-time Director 
• Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO  
• Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during 
Q&A session 
• Kunal Bajaj – Choice India 
• Jyoti Singh – Arihant Capital Markets 
• Jainis Chheda – Kemfin Family Office 
• Disha – Sapphire Capital 
• Prateek Dedhia – Individual Investor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Allied Digital Services 
Limited's Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zer o on your touchtone 
phone. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani: Thank you, Rayo. Good afternoon and  thank you for joining us on Allied 
Digital Services Limited's Earnings Call for the third quarter of financial 
year 2025-'26.  
 We have with us on the call today, Mr. Nitin Shah, Founder and CMD; Mr. 
Ramanan Ramanathan, Global Head of Strategy for Growth, Innovation 
and Partnerships; Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole -Time Director; Mr. Paresh 
Shah, Global Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief 
Financial Officer. 
 We will begin with comments from Mr. Nehal Shah, who will cover recent 
developments across the business. Mr. Paresh Shah will then discuss 
the operational performance and order wins, followed by Mr. Gopal 
Tiwari, who will walk us through the financial hig hlights. Thereafter, we 
will open the call for the Q&A session. 
 Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward -looking in nature, and a disclaimer 
to this effect has been included in the earnings documents that have 
been shared with all of you earlier. 
 I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Nehal Shah for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Nehal. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you, Mayank. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining 
us today. I trust you have had the opportunity to review the earnings 
materials that we shared earlier.  
 The third quarter of FY '26 unfolded against a complex and evolving 
global operating environment. Though geopolitical uncertainties remain 
high, we saw gradual stabilization in Enterprise segments across key 
markets. This has led to improved visibility in technology spending 
decisions with continued emphasis on value efficiency and execution 
certainty. Against this backdrop, we are pleased to report a resilient and 
well-balanced performance in quarter 3 FY '26, driven by disciplined 
execution, steady order flows and sustained engagement across both 
domestic and international markets. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 3 of 23 
 We have reported consolidated revenues of Rs. 247 crore in quarter 3 FY 
'26, higher by 12% on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA has increased by 11% 
year-over-year to Rs. 26 crore and PBT has increased by 13% year -on-
year to Rs. 22 crore. 
 As a M aster System Integrator operating at the intersection of IT, OT, 
communication security infrastructure, we are seeing customers 
increasingly prioritizing integrated outcome -driven solutions over 
fragmented deployments. This structure shift continues to play to our 
core strengths.  
 From a geographic standpoint, our international operations continue to 
demonstrate improving momentum as the rest of the world operations 
reported a year-on-year growth of about 26% in quarter 3 FY '26.  
 In the U.S.,  Enterprise clients are moving from prolonged evaluation 
cycles to more decisive and activity, particularly in areas such as 
network modernization, digital workplace, cybersecurity and managed 
services. 
 While budgets remain under scrutiny, there is greater willingness to 
commit to multiyear transformation programs where there is clear ROI 
and delivery confidence. Europe remains selective but stable with 
clients focusing on vendor consolidation and operational resilience, 
while the Middle East continues to offer opportunities driven by 
infrastructure-led digital transformation  and government backed 
investments. 
 India operations de-grew, as reported a decline to stand-alone revenues 
by 5% year-on-year in quarter 3 FY '26 as there were no significant project 
milestones which were to be achieved during quarter 3. Activity remains 
strong and the next quarter, we will see renewed billing as project 
milestones are completed. The domestic market continues to benefit 
from the structural tailwinds and sustained government spend ing on 
digital public infrastructure. 
 From a broader perspective, recent policy developments provide a 
supportive backdrop as we look ahead. The Union Budget has reiterated 
the government's continued emphasis on strengthening India's digital 
infrastructure. incentivization of key areas such as data centres, 
artificial intelligence and data security has emerged as a central theme 
this year. 
 These priorities align closely with our business model and reinforce the 
long-term relevance and growth potential of our offerings. Enterprise 
customers in India are also showing increasing maturity in their 
technology adoption with a sharper focus on scal able architecture, 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 4 of 23 
cybersecurity and lifecycle managed- solutions rather than stand-alone 
capex-led deployments.  
 This has resulted in a steady flow of opportunities across both 
government and non-Government segments. 
  From a segment perspective, our Services  business grew 16% year -on 
year, while Solutions revenue remained flat. Segment -wise, both our 
Service and Solutions business continue to contribute in a 
complementary manner.  
 As we have highlighted in the past, solutions often act as an entry point, 
enabling deeper annuity -led service engagements over time. This 
integrated model not only enhances revenue visibility, but  visibility but 
also improves customer stickiness and margin sustainability across 
cycles. 
 Reflecting the renewed E nterprise sentiments, revenue from Non -
Government customers increased 13% year -on-year, outpacing growth 
from the G overnment segments, which reported 12% year -on-year 
growth. This shift highlights the strengthening engagement and 
investment appetite among the enterprise clients as we revive their 
digital transformation plans.  
 Order flows during the quarter remained healthy with over Rs. 250 
crores, supported by a mix of new wins, renewals and follow -on orders 
from existing customers.  
 Importantly, we see an improvement in the quality of the pipeline with 
larger deal sizes, longer tenures and broader scopes that span multiple 
technologies and service players. While we remain disciplined on margin 
thresholds, we continue to evaluate strategically important 
opportunities where scale, long -term energy potential or account 
expansion can create superior value over the life of the contract. 
 From a customer behaviour standpoint, one of the defining trends this 
quarter has been heightened scrutiny on pricing and contracting 
structures, even as deal activity improves. Customers are increasingly 
seeking outcome -linked commercial models, tighter SLAs and faster 
implementation timelines. Our Award cycles remain competitive with 
sharper negotiations, but there is also a clear preference for partners 
who can assume end -to-end responsibility from design integration to 
long-term operation and support.  
 Our track record, domain expertise and ability to deliver at scale 
continue to differentiate us meaningfully in this environment. 
  The other exciting development this week is the announcement of 
framework for U.S. India trade agreement. This removes the overhang for 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 5 of 23 
the last few months and will draw out a clear path towards incentivizing 
greater economic cooperation between the 2 countries. With our 
established presence in the U.S. and integrated execution capabilities 
across infrastructure, cloud, cybersecurity and managed services, we 
believe these developments reinforces the long-term opportunity set for 
Allied Digital. 
 Overall, while the external environment remains dynamic, we believe the 
worst of the demand uncertainty is behind us. The gradual recovery in 
discretionary spending, combined with sustained public sector 
investments and increasing convergence of technolog y domains 
position us well as we move into final quarter of the financial year. Our 
focus remains firmly on execution excellence, prudent capital allocation 
and building a robust diversified order book that supports sustainable 
growth. 
 With that, I will now invite Paresh Shah, our Global CEO, to take through 
the order book, strategic initiatives and outlook in greater detail. Over to 
you, Paresh. 
Paresh Shah: Thank you, Nehal. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The 
quarter reflects yet another consistent execution across our global 
operations with a clear emphasis on delivery, scalability and client 
outcomes. We continue to strengthen our delivery engine, improve 
operational efficiency and deepen engagement with strategic 
customers across markets. 
 During the quarter, we secured several meaningful order wins and 
renewals across both international and domestic markets. These wins 
span multiple industry verticals and service lines, including data -driven 
platforms, AI-led solutions, infrastructure transformation and managed 
services. Importantly, the nature of these engagements reinforces our 
ability to deliver complex large-scale programs while building long-term 
recurring relationships. 
 Alongside new wins, we also saw continued traction in multiyear 
renewals across existing clients, spanning multiple industries, 
supporting revenue visibility and reinforcing confidence in our execution 
capabilities. Across these engagements, our focus remains firmly on 
disciplined delivery, timely execution and value creation for our 
customers. 
 To briefly highlight some of the wins during the quarter.  
• In India, we secured an engagement with a leading private sector 
general insurance company where we will support its nationwide 
retail and corporate insurance operations, enabling reliable and 
scalable IT services across multiple insurance lines.  
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 6 of 23 
• We were also awarded a project by a state -level health care and 
medical education facility overseeing a large network of medical, 
dental and nursing institutions. 
• As part of this engagement, we will deploy Agentic AI- based 
WhatsApp chatbot solution to enhance operational efficiency and 
improve communication and service delivery for citizens, students 
and stakeholders. 
• In the automobile  manufacturing sector, a global enterprise 
operating across the energy value chain selected Allied Digital to 
implement AI and machine learning- based intelligent video 
analytics solution aimed at improving production efficiency and 
strengthening operational performance across its manufacturing 
operations. 
• In the U.S., a leading beverage alcohol company appointed Allied 
Digital to provide end-to-end support, user support services across 
its offices, manufacturing facilities and warehouses, ensuring 
consistent IT support across the distributed footprint. 
• We also secured a mandate from a U.S. headquartered global 
agriculture processing and food ingredients company to deliver the 
site support services along with technology refresh  initiatives 
supporting end- to-end IT life cycle management across its 
operations. 
• Additionally, a Midwest U.S. retail chain selected Allied Digital to 
end-to-end IT infrastructure transformation and ongoing support. 
As part of this engagement, we will operate a 24/7 global service 
desk in both English and Spanish, supporting employees a nd 
contractors across North America.  
 Overall, these wins reflect the increasing reliance on Allied Digital as its 
trusted execution partner for mission -critical IT environments, 
supported by our global delivery model and integrated service offerings. 
 With that, I will now hand over to our CFO, Mr. Gopal Tiwari, who will take 
you through the financial performance of the quarter. 
Gopal Tiwari: Thank you, Paresh, and good afternoon, everyone. I will take you through 
the financial performance for the third quarter of FY '26 and highlight 
some of the underlying dynamics shaping our results this quarter, 
particularly in comparison to the trends we w itnessed in the earlier part 
of the year.  
 We are pleased to report continued strong momentum in our business 
as reflected in robust double-digit growth in top line performance. 
 Revenues for Q3 FY '26 stood at Rs. 247 crore, representing a year -on-
year growth of 12%. This also marks the highest ever quarterly revenue 
in our history, and we are just about Rs. 3 crore short of hitting our stated 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 7 of 23 
target of Rs. 250 crore in quarterly revenues, and that too, a quarter 
ahead of our estimate. 
 On a YTD basis, revenue were Rs. 700 crore compared to Rs. 603 crore 
for the 9-month period of FY '25. This represents an increase of 16% Y-o-
Y and clearly demonstrates the solid progress we are making,  and our 
team remains fully aligned towards achieving the milestone of Rs. 1,000 
crore in annualized revenue. 
 In Q3 FY '26, EBITDA grew by 4% year -on-year basis to INR26 Rs. 26 
crore. As our top line continued to expand, we are seeing a parallel 
increase in profitability as we reported an improved margin in Q3 over 
Q2.  
 However, the environment remains challenging with a few factors 
continuing to weigh on margin.  
 PBT before exceptional items for the quarter improved by 13% year -on-
year basis to INR23 Rs. 23 crore from  INR20 Rs. 20 crore in Q3 last year, 
once again reflecting the upward trajectory in our financial performance. 
 We are pleased to note that no material provisions were required in 
relation to the New Labour Codes during the quarter. Our salary 
structures, which were designed to be employee -friendly while 
remaining fully compliant with applicable regulatory requireme nts are 
well aligned with the new framework.  
 Consequently, the company has recognized a provision of only Rs. 1.3 
crore towards certain limited onetime adjustments arising from the 
implementation of the New Labour Codes.  With the non -recurring 
nature of these adjustments and in line with best reporting and 
governance practices, the provision has been presented as an 
exceptional item. While the amount could have been absorbed within 
employee expenses, we believe this classification prov ides greater 
transparency and clarity to stakeholders. 
 During the quarter, we have made a provision of Rs. 4.8 crore pertaining 
to prior year taxation. This has served to increase the tax expense for the 
quarter. We have reported profit after tax of Rs. 14 crore in Q3 FY '26. If 
we adjust for this tax pertaining to the prior year of Rs. 4.8 crore and the 
exceptional item of Rs. 1.3 crore due to their one time  nature, the 
adjusted PAT would have been about Rs. 20 crore, which is reflective of 
the improved scale and progress of our operations. 
 In summary, Q3 FY '26 showcases that we continue to build scale and 
maintain financial discipline in challenging pricing environment. With a 
healthy order book and improving visibility on execution, we remain 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 8 of 23 
confident in our ability to deliver sustainable and profitable growth over 
the coming quarters. 
 With that, I will now hand over the call back to the moderator for question 
and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer 
session. The first question is from Kunal Bajaj from Choice Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Bajaj: Yes, hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity.  So mostly, I had 
2 broad questions. Firstly, when we see the order book of around Rs. 250 
crore. So, when we try to split it up, it is mostly from the E nterprise side. 
We do not see any major order wins from the Government spending side. 
So how do we see this going forward? 
 And are we seeing the fact that the government are a bit cautious on 
spending on Smart Cities? Or is it that they are delaying their 
expenditure? Any particular reason for that? So that is one. 
 And the second is around the Solutions and Services mix. Obviously, we 
know that Solutions is the first leg of the contract we generally get. And 
that is why we see the Services revenue is mostly growing a bit better as 
compared to solutions because we see that most of the deal wins,  we 
had have moved on from the Solutions end to the Services end. So, how 
do we see the mix going forward over the next 2, 3 quarters? Yes, that are 
the broad 2 questions I have? 
Nehal Shah: Thanks, Kunal, for the questions. I think the Government orders are 
typically are large orders and they take time once we have the whole bid 
process going on. While we are talking, --  you are aware that 
Maharashtra underwent elections or different municip al elections and 
stuff and a lot of the orders that were in the pipeline were delayed for that 
reason for the last quarter, but we are seeing a lot of movement 
happening, bidding going to the next stage of financial opening and stuff. 
So, we see a lot of progress happening there.  
 And the next 2 months are going to be crucial because while we are 
talking, there are a lot of bids that we have submitted and waiting for the 
bids to open up. Typically, in the rest of India also, the case is that 
wherever there is a pipeline which is available and where we are bidding, 
the evaluation of those the projects are on, and we are expecting there 
also some movement to happen.  
 But our focus typically for the current quarter and the next quarter is 
going to be for the Western Railways, metros and Maharashtra as a state. 
So, we see a very healthy pipeline coming in there, and we will see some 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 9 of 23 
kind of announcements coming in of order wins if we win some of them 
in the next 2 months. 
 And regarding Solution and services split , the mix is always going to be 
there. We would eventually want our services revenue always to be 
higher because that gives a lot of stability in terms of revenue 
recognition. But Solutions gives us that X -factor mix where it also helps 
us in getting the t op line vis -a-vis also making sure we are working on 
large projects and then eventually converting into services business.  
 So that mix is going to be there. This quarter was a little bit slow because 
even the projects that we are implementing, the current project, which 
is being implemented, Pune also saw some delays with request to the 
implementation due to the ongoing elect ions. So permissions for 
deployments were a bit delayed. And that is why there was a little 
slowness for this quarter. 
 However, as you are aware, elections are once in 5 -year thing, and it is 
not a thing that happens every quarter or every year. So,  this was very 
seasonal and onetime. You will see a lot of movements happening. 
While we are talking, I mean, there is a lot of progress that is happening 
on the ground after the elections were done and things were moving 
ahead. So, we see a lot of milestones for Pune project also getting closed 
by March  31
st. 
Kunal Bajaj: Got it. So mostly, as in we see the majority of the uptick, which we see in 
terms of margins. So,  is it safe to say that this is because of the higher 
exposure of the Services mix and it is a onetime thing going forward when 
we have some traction in the S olutions business, as in solutions part of 
the business, the mix might cool off? Is it safe to say that? 
Nehal Shah: Yes, absolutely. So, once we have this S olution business coming in, we 
will have that mix getting cooled off. And as you are also aware that we 
had won an order about a quarter back of the largest pharma company 
in Europe. Even that has started getting us revenue getting recognized. 
So, you see that kind of a jump coming in from the Services side as well. 
 So that is also helping us making sure that S ervices revenue keeps on 
increasing.  
Nitin Shah:  Services revenue will always be higher because Solution revenue will be 
only for the year where we deploy S olution and that culminates into 
services revenue. So, that pipeline is always going to be very high when 
it comes to services business. Typically, it is a multiyear contract that we 
sign up. And Solution business is just 1 year. 
Kunal Bajaj: Sure. That is helpful. I wanted to check on the fact that we obviously have 
given an outlook on the quarterly run rate of around Rs. 250 crore. So 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 10 of 23 
mostly, as we see this quarter, we are almost Rs. 247 crore. So, going 
forward, we see this growth rate to sustain? And mostly on the margins 
front as well, is there any outlook we see going forward on that front? 
Ramanan R: Yes. So overall, our strategy is bearing fruit and dividends as we have 
stated in the earlier calls also. There is a tremendous focus now on AI -
enabled infrastructure services, Smart Cities as well as technology 
management. There is also a growing need for Agentic AI solutions, 
whether it  is in edge AI or whether it is in application development or 
whether it is in the infrastructure management. 
 And also, the Indian government has now through all the FTAs and 
through the renewed focus on India AI mission, GCCs and AI data 
centers being encouraged to be established in India, we are in a sweet 
spot in terms of being in the right area and the right t echnologies and in 
the right service capability.  
 So, all of these are going to play an important role in the growth of ADSL 
going forward. We are increasingly getting services businesses from the 
enterprise sector. We are also getting it from the international market. 
And the growing importance of cybersecurity is, again, another area of 
our focus for the last several years. And now we are seeing increasing 
demand in these services. 
 So, with this business trends and technology trends accelerating in the 
marketplace, ADSL is well positioned to leverage and capitalize on the 
demand from the market and be able to, therefore, grow in a significant 
manner over the next couple of years. 
Kunal Bajaj: Sure. And one more last question from my side, please, if you may. Over 
the press release, we see that you have mentioned about data centres . 
So, what exactly are we doing in the data centre space? 
Ramanan R: So, the opportunities in data centre  are multiple. And while I will also 
have Rohan and Mr. Nitin Shah respond. But the data centre, there are 3 
areas that is happening. One is there is a growth of data centres in India 
itself. There are going to be sovereign data centres  being set up. And 
therefore, data centres will have to be implemented. They all have to be 
managed and also the cybersecurity -related elements for these data 
centres will have to have managed services associated with it. 
 The second is that there is more and more intelligent infrastructure being 
implemented and these are edge AI applications or Agentic AI 
applications that will need to be harnessed in order to manage the 
infrastructure intelligently and bring automation in the management of 
these, whether it is servers, networks, end devices and so on. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 11 of 23 
 And the third aspect is, of course, on top of this, there will be a number 
of AI-based services that will come up, and that is the opportunity that 
we are also looking at. Mr. Nitin Shah, if you want to add anything more 
to this? 
Nitin Shah: Yes. We had been building data centre for almost last 30 years. For 
several corporates we have built. So, we have got a complete capability 
of designing, architecting, building data centres . And that is what our 
sweet spot is. So, there are data centres which are owned by somebody 
else, large players and there they give provisions of infrastructure to the 
clients. So, we do not do that job, but we rather operate also on their 
behalf. 
 So, build, own, operate and transfer. So,  we are into the build of data 
centres, operation of data centres and manage data centres. That is our 
job is. We are not going to be typically compete with the large data 
centres like Adani and Ambani and all. 
Nehal Shah: So Kunal, I hope you got the point. Typically, our expertise lies in 
architecting, designing and implementing a data centre. We have done 
that for about 15 cities across India. And our core competence lies in 
implementing data centre  rather than owning the realty space and 
making a data centre and giving hosting service to our clients. 
Kunal Bajaj: Yes, definitely. So, we do have any projects which are in pipeline for this 
space? 
Nehal Shah: Yes, there are a lot of projects. Any G overnment or Smart City, safe city 
project or any railways project or anything of that sort that we take up are 
all having data centre by default inbuilt in those RFPs. So, there are a lot 
of government projects that are there where data centres need to be built 
up. 
 Apart from that, there are a lot of enterprise customers who have 
requests either to manage their existing data centres or help them in 
migration of their on -prem data centres to cloud data centres . So, this 
kind of requirements keep on coming in, and this is our core 
competence. 
Nitin Shah: I will review very briefly; there are 2 games. One is game of skills. The 
other one is game of money. So,  we rather would like to remain to play 
game of skill, which is where we are. Game of money, we are not in that, 
that you just o wn real estate and o wn data centre. But I mean, a lot of 
things that has got to be done after you build the data centre  in terms of 
migration, digital transformation. So, all that we do for a client. 
Paresh Shah: Just to add, you must be aware of the recent budget policy on cloud 
services tax holidays. So that is a big announcement. We have an 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 12 of 23 
international entity can bring in the U.S. customers cloud services and 
manage that out of the India-based data centres, especially GCCs and a 
lot of customers are moving into that. It gives a great opportunity for us 
to deliver managed services through these new data centres. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital 
Markets. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: Yes, thank you for the opportunity, sir. So just a follow-up question from 
earlier participant,  you were explaining about the data centre for the 
Smart City thing. But not similar on that, but on the Smart City side, one 
big player in the IT, those who are invested in the Smart Cities, but they 
are not seeing the kind of margin we make in other segments. It is a way 
lower margin in the Smart City things. So,  what kind of margin we make 
in this business, I wanted to understand, sir? 
Nehal Shah: So, Jyoti, the margins typically, whenever you are in an implementation 
phase, since there are a lot of products being deployed across the Safe 
City/ Smart City, the margins are pretty lowered. But when you are in the 
implementation and the O&M phase, that is when the margins shoot up. 
So that is why what we call in our parlance as Services revenue. 
 So, once you move out from a solutions space to a S ervices revenue, 
your margins keep on improving. So yes, if somebody is a player who is 
only doing the hardware business, they will have single -digit margins, 
but a solution provider like us who does end -to-end from building a 
Smart City to managing it for a perio d of 5 years, will have improved 
margins overall in the tune of double digits upwards of 20% overall when 
we complete. And I am talking about gross margin, when we complete 
the whole project. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. yes, sir. And on the revenue side in 9 months, we have given 
around Rs. 700 crore. So what kind of growth band should we expect 
going forward in FY '27? It will be low teens or mid-teens kind of. 
Nehal Shah: So yes, we are looking at mid-teens to be a little conservative. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. And this is largely driven by any project, if you can talk about that 
we are expecting going forward? And also earlier, you mentioned on the 
government project side. So,  what kind of improvement we are seeing 
because now DSO has improved to 75 days. So,  are we seeing this will 
going to sustain on the government and large enterprise exposure, it has 
been increasing? Or what are your thoughts? 
Nehal Shah: No. So, DSO and other things from a delivery perspective, we do not see 
a challenge. They are pretty decent. There are sometimes certain delays 
that keep on happening, but that is very seasonal and transactional, 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 13 of 23 
which are manageable. We are not seeing any kind of uneasiness in 
getting our monies from the Government. 
 With respect to future projects, I think the mid -teens will be a 
conservative growth target that I would want to give out. The reason is 
beyond the macroeconomic conditions that we also have to keep in 
mind. But having said that, the pipeline looks strong. Our strategy of 
acquiring new customers looks bang on because there is a lot of strong 
pipeline with respect to Government orders, Enterprise customers and 
global customers as well.  
 It is all depending upon the closure. And for us, at the size that we are, if 
one large contract comes in, our growth numbers could change from 
mid-teens to mid -20s. You know, it is a question of hitting out on large 
contracts. And the pipeline, I am assuming in the next 2 or 3 quarters, we 
will see better and larger order wins coming in. 
Jyoti Singh: Great, sir ! As now we are getting a lot of buzz around AI. So,  I am going 
to ask some question on that front. So, what percentage of FY'26 revenue 
are AI influenced versus AI native? And how is monetization structured 
in each case , if you can explain? And are AI -led deals margin accretive 
from day 1 or do they dilute margin initially before scaling? So just 
wanted to understand your perspective and which are the segments that 
we are implementing AI for us? 
 Paresh Shah: Yes, great question. Let me just update you. You know, we have adopted 
AI-first strategy. So, every Services of our organization will be embracing 
AI and delivering part of that solution or service as AI- enabled. As you 
know, we have also developed our Agentic AI platform. We are also 
working on several Agentic AI platforms, commercial platforms like 
Microsoft Copilot and Google Gemini. We already had a couple of 
deployments already running today with our customers as well as an 
internal operation.  
 Today, our NOC drives AI Ops as part of building complex solutions and 
resolving critical issues using our own AI engine. So, we see tremendous 
traction in terms of usage of AI over time. And if I look at it, definitely, 
there will be more and more percentage of AI getting significantly 
contributing in the coming months. That is what I see. I cannot exactly 
give you any percent age, but it has become now ingrained into every 
services. So definitely, there will be a portion of AI. And today, we have 
won a few deals this quarter also. You can -- I already talked about it, at 
least 3 deals of them are already leveraging AI to some of the other 
extent. 
 So, this is what we see that the AI traction is real. Obviously, their 
benefits to the customers is little bit slowly seen. Right now, a lot of 
customers are taking this as proof of concepts  but solidifying the use. 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 14 of 23 
And you know there will be a stage where they will see that yes, it has 
also impacted the ROI today, okay? 
 So once that is true, we see that at every kind of sale or every new 
customer, going forward definitely there will be use of AI. And this will be 
a contributor, big factor for us in the revenues. And what AI does is 
basically today, you know, saves employ ee productivity, especially 
automation. The AI generates an automation opportunity, and this is 
where we are moving fast to see how we can , kind of give value to the 
customer as well as improve our profit margins. 
Nitin Shah: AI is so much integrated to our existing business. It is very difficult to give 
kind of numbers how much did we get on AI because it is completely 
integrated with our solutions. But we try to put AI in almost all the 
solutions that we provide. And our company is complet ely ready to face 
any challenge on AI. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. Great. Thank you. And sir, one last question. How does the net new 
client contribution in FY '26 compare with '25 in terms of revenue depth 
and contract duration, if you can explain on that side? 
Nehal Shah: So, revenue from last year to this year, net new revenue has gone up. You 
would have seen our order releases that we did. We have announced Rs. 
1,000 crore worth of just 2 wins that we had this year. So typically, when 
we go in the coming 2026, 2027, we see a lot of this billing happening. So 
net new order wins are going up, and we are progressing towards 
renewals as well.  
 So, renewals are happening. We have about 90% plus renewals that we 
have been able to do and net new business has also gone up. So I do not 
see that as a challenge. And this will continue to make sure that the 
momentum is high, which is also reflecting in our revenues. Our 
revenues have also grown considerably if you just go 2 years back, what 
we are at today. 
Moderator: Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to participants 
that you may press star and 1 to ask questions. The next question is from 
Jainis Chheda from Kemfin Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Jainis Chheda: Sir, I want to draw your attention to the audit qualifications that have 
been made in the audit note. So, can you just give us some light on what 
is happening with respect to inventory receivables and the unbilled 
revenue part? 
Gopal Tiwari: See, I would like to explain that. In fact, these notes, the points are not 
new. In fact, last March onwards, these similar points are coming 
continuing. These are a few things which we have realized, we have 
accepted their points, and we are seriously wo rking on that to rectify 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 15 of 23 
those points. So, one is your physical verification they have pointed out, 
physical verification of fixed assets and inventory. That process is on.  
 We are doing it ourselves, and we have appointed a third -party valuer 
also. So, we are contemplating to complete that entire process by 31st 
March, I mean, by year- end, this financial year- end. So whatever 
outcome will be there of that verification and the exercise, we are going 
to take care of that by end of the year. 
Nehal Shah: Yes, Jainis, just to add to this, the inventory typically is taking a lot of 
time. The reason is because we are in the business of  AMC. And a lot of 
our inventory is put across various office locations and also at customer 
sites. So, the auditor is wanting us to do physical verification of all the 
assets to be done through a third party. So that process is on, and I am 
pretty sure that we should be able to complete the process by 31st of 
March 2026.  
Gopal Tiwari: The debtors part, there are a few debtors  receivables lying in our books, 
which are  more than 3 years old. But those are all under consideration, 
and we are constantly in touch with the customers. And we are expecting 
payment out of that, but it might take a little longer time. But however, 
we have ECL provisions we are making as per the ECL policy.  
 So that also we are going to relook into by year- end. And any new policy 
implemented by the Board, we will adhere to that. And whatever impact 
is required to be taken will be taken in the books by 31st March. So those 
are all under consideration, and we are actively working on that to clear 
those points highlighted by the auditors. 
Nehal Shah: So, since we had spent money and we had accounted cost for it, we had 
also had to take unbilled revenue into consideration. So, we are looking 
towards the closure on that. And hopefully, there will be some progress 
over that also coming in. So, we have set an internal target of about 31st 
March to have most of these things cleared or at least have a strong  
conclusion of how things are going ahead. 
Jainis Chheda: So will all of these things lead to an impact in the P&L once again before 
the year -end because the same thing happened last year also in Q4, 
where there were forex -related issues. So,  is that same thing going to 
repeat in this year? 
Gopal Tiwari: Not exactly. Last year was some unusual and some legacy items were 
there and old matters, which were highlighted by the new auditors. So,  
this is not going to be of that scale. But definitely, whatever impact will 
be there, it will not be of that level. But we will take corrective measures 
in this year itself, most of the points. 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 16 of 23 
Jainis Chheda: Okay. And sir, in the P&L also, there is previous year taxes, which have 
been charged. So, what is that about? 
Gopal Tiwari: Yes. That amount pertains to earlier period. Earlier period provisions 
were made, but actual tax outflow were more than that. So that amount 
we have to take into account, and we have taken that amount in this 
quarter pertaining to earlier period. So, if you take out that amount, then 
current year would have improved by that amount. 
Jainis Chheda: So that is where the challenge is that there is a lot of volatility in net 
earnings. So that is a bit of a challenge as an investor. One more last 
question from my end. You are talking about consolidating your U.S. 
subsidiary into you. So, any comments on that? 
Nehal Shah: So Jainis, the subsidiary that we had acquired in the U.S. was run through 
one of our companies that we had opened up as an SPV, Allied Inc. So 
typically, what had happened in that transaction is that we had given a 
loan, a fund was provided from Allied India to Alli ed Inc., which is a U.S. 
company and Allied Inc. had acquired about 30% stake of Allied LLC, 
which was called as En Pointe Global Services. Now this was always in 
the virtue of an investment.  
 However, since it is shown as a loan in the books, we have to get the 
money back. And the way to get the money back is to close the SPV and 
have all the shares transferred of Allied LLC to be transferred back to 
India. So, this typically will resolve all our outstanding issues that we 
have in terms of the first qualification that we have got. Since it was an 
investment which was done to acquire a company, it was quasi-equity. 
Gopal Tiwari: Quasi-equity. In fact, that is why no interest was charged in last years. 
So, we are planning, we are working on it so that this loan amount can be 
converted into equity finally by 31st March. So that this qualification will 
also be removed permanently. 
Jainis Chheda: This is also expected by end of this year? 
Gopal Tiwari: Yes, yes. That has to be because then this point will go forever. That loan 
amount will be converted into equity. So that noncompliance will not be 
there. 
Jainis Chheda: Okay. One more question, if I may ask. You are speaking that this Q3 has 
been impacted because of the elections. So, will that lead to any impact 
in the top line in the near term? Or do you still maintain your Rs. 250-plus 
crore guidance by end of the year? 
Nehal Shah:  No, no, no, the impact is already done in Q3. We were not able to bill out 
because the permission were not in place and bill approvals were not 
there since the government elections were going on. Since all of that is 
over, we are seeing a lot of progress happening there and a lot of billing, 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 17 of 23 
which is supposed to be happening would happen by March 31st. So I do 
not see that, you know, impacting any of our top line. 
Moderator: Thank you. Participants who wish to ask questions, press star and 1. 
Ladies and gentlemen, to ask questions, please press star and 1. The 
next question is from Disha from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Disha: Yes. So firstly, coming on to the guidance, I think this year, we are 
targeting Rs. 1,000 crore. So, are we on track for that? 
Nehal Shah: So, we should be able to do it in the last quarter, if not in the first and 
second. So, our idea of Rs. 1,000 crore is to achieve Rs. 250 crore 
quarterly and I feel run rate should be Rs. 250 crore. So, we are at Rs. 247 
crore, we should be able to do Rs. 250 crore from next quarter onwards 
and then keep on improving. So, we might not see Rs. 1,000 crore coming 
in the top line for the whole year, but we are progressing towards it. So,  
in the next year for sure. 
Disha: Okay. Okay. That is very clear. And sir, based on the margin guidance, I 
think last time we spoke, you mentioned that in the next 3, 4 quarters, 
we are looking to go to 11% to 12% and then next 2, 3 years move closer 
to the mid -teens. And we have seen the improvement. I think we are 
around 10.6% this quarter. We expect this momentum to sustain? 
Nehal Shah: Yes, we would want that to continue. And that is possible since as soon 
as our larger Smart City implementation projects move into O&M, we will 
see better and improved margins coming in.  
 But Disha, the problem is that when we have large customer contracts 
being closed, I think you all should look at the ticket size of the contracts 
that we are closing in as well. With 700 crore, 800 crore revenue top line, 
we announced 2 large deals worth 500 crore each last year.  
 So, when we acquire such kind of large customers, there is a lot of 
investments that also go in to make sure that we are having the right kind 
of team ability. And also, since most of these large contracts are multi -
country also, a lot of investments go in to do compliance activities there 
as well. So, any such kind of cost will always try to put a little bit burden 
on EBITDA. 
 But having said that, our target from our internal process is very simple 
to make sure that we keep on acquiring large customers because it give 
us a lot of long -term stability and then keep on improving on our 
operational cost. So, while we are constantly improving our operational 
costs to make sure that our margins improve, sometimes due to some 
additional cost, the margins do get impacted. So,  if you see our gross 
margins are pretty much improving quarter-over-quarter. 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 18 of 23 
  Apart from that, there are other things also that we are doing. In the U.S., 
we have also hired a Chief Growth Officer. We are also hiring more 
salespeople to put more f eet on the ground to acquire more direct 
midsized customers so that our revenues from a midsized customer also 
keeps on increasing, which will also help us to improve our margins 
because then we are direct to those customers. 
Disha: Okay. Yes. Okay. Makes sense. And sir, currently, you mentioned our 
focus is winning large customer contracts, right? So currently, with our 
current infrastructure that we have, what sort of like the maximum order 
value we can serve right now? And where wo uld we want to see this 
number going ahead? 
Nehal Shah: See, technically, I do not see that as a challenge to even go and do order 
worth Rs. 2,000 crore, Rs. 3,000 crore. But it has to be a combination of 
technical and financial capability both. So,  if we see that we have to  go 
and bid for a large contract, which is about Rs. 2,000 crore, Rs. 3,000 
crore, which we did; we did bid for the Mumbai City surveillance as well. 
We go with a partner. And contract sizes, which are Rs. 500 crore, about 
Rs. 700 crore, we would want to do it by ourselves.  
 So maybe 1 to 2 midsized contracts in the range of Rs. 400 crore,  
Rs. 500 crore is something which we have an appetite to do it by 
ourselves. We will continue to do so other than the smaller ones that we 
keep on getting to the tune Rs. 50 crore, Rs. 70 crore, Rs. 100 crore. But 
slowly and steadily, we are progressing towards more larger deals. And 
this is what our strategy is. In the next 2 to 3 years, you should be able to 
hear good large deals coming in from us. 
Disha: Okay. Okay. Fair enough, sir. And sir, just one more thing. Last time, I 
think we spoke to, there are, also major European contracts that are in 
pipeline. So, any update on that? And given the India USA , what sort of 
opportunity you see from that market? 
Nehal Shah: So, we did announce, Disha, last year, the large contract that we spoke 
of. So apart from that, there are 3, 4 good orders, I would not say very 
large, but good orders that we have got with good customer base that we 
have already announced throughout the year in our earnings 
presentations as well. And Paresh has been talking about th ese wins 
consequently. 
 And while we are talking the pipeline that we review every weekly, we 
also are seeing a lot of movement happening on the weekly pipeline as 
well, large contracts coming in, bidding for them going on. The only 
question is sometimes the decision is taken in certain quarters, 
sometimes the decision is postponed. So, if decision goes our way, then 
the numbers will improve accordingly. 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 19 of 23 
Ramanan R: Yes, just to add to what Nehal said, if you see, we are steadily growing 
both our I nternational business as well as Enterprise sector business. 
Now both these businesses are heavily service -oriented. And therefore, 
the margins on these businesses , we are continuing to do well or 
improve on them.  
 On the Smart Cities also now, the type of projects that are coming up and 
where we also have the ability to get higher margins is in the S ervice 
solutioning part, where there are more and more AI application-oriented 
solutions that are required.  
 For example, you may have heard in, there was the declaration by the 
Maharashtra state that they are going to create an innovation city in 
Panvel and so on.  
 Now if we are talking about an innovation city, there is a lot of smart 
technology which has to go in and also smart solutions which have to go 
along with that, including water management or electricity management 
and so on and so forth. 
 So, these are all opportunities where the margins can improve, not only 
because of the infrastructure that is being rolled out, but also solutions 
that we will develop and replicate in many other locations. 
Disha: Right, right. And sir, this order that we had won for this pharma company 
in Europe, what is the revenue visibility from that? And what is the 
margins there? 
Nehal Shah: So, we are looking at a revenue top line of about $1 million a month, 
about $12 million a year for 4 years. That is close to about $50 -odd 
million. Margins would be in the teens. However, I will have to come back 
to you with the exact numbers because they keep on changing due to the 
change in request and other things that keep on coming in. 
Moderator: Thank you. Participants who wish to ask questions, please press star and 
1. The next question is from Prateek Dedhia , who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Dedhia: Okay. Thanks. So,  I wanted to check, you mentioned about a lot of 
Agentic AI chatbots being implemented across multiple projects and 
new order wins that you have got. So,  I just wanted to understand from 
an efficiency perspective, does it help to get better margins? Or does it 
help to lower your cost while you bill the customer with those AI 
implementations? 
Paresh Shah: Yes, absolutely. So,  we have successfully deployed for a large FMCG 
company. And also, we are also doing our AI Ops, which makes a big 
difference for 50-plus customers in our NOC. So definitely, the big plus 
point on the AI is 2 areas; one is it improves the productivity of the end 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 20 of 23 
user, especially the Gen Z because they are used to quickly getting 
solutions.  
 Number two, over time, the AI basically becomes autonomous, and the 
automation helps to make sure we deploy lesser people. There is 
definitely cost savings on our operations, which will lead to improved 
profit margins for sure. 
 And the other aspect is we are also deploying AI -based solutions, 
especially image analytics, computer vision in the Smart Cities. which 
also gives us a lot of visibility in terms of making sure a lot of scenarios 
or use cases get covered in that. And it brings a big value both to the end 
customers and for us to make sure we have a kind of controlled staff to 
deliver the overall SLAs. So definitely, indirectly, overall, you will see a 
good improvement in the profit margins. 
Prateek Dedhia: Okay. Got it. Sounds good. And I think it was probably a couple of 
quarters ago that you had mentioned that there were a lot of Smart City 
projects that you had bid for across multiple cities and different states 
across India. So, can you give a status of where we stand on that? 
Nehal Shah: No. So, Prateek, we were saying that there are a lot of opportunities that 
were there coming in from different cities, and we will pick and choose 
the ones that we want to bid for. And we continue to do so. While right 
now, our focus from a state perspective has been Maharashtra because 
we have good connects, and we have done too many projects in 
Maharashtra.  
 Apart from that, we have also changed our focus towards railways 
because we are seeing a lot of contracts coming in from railways after 
the Supreme Court order of making sure that all the railway coaches 
across India have CC TV surveillance and monitored through a 
command-and-control centre. So, a lot of these RFPs for Western 
Railway are coming in.  
 And we have already close to, if I am not wrong, we have already bidded 
for about 3 of those Western railway contracts. There is another Safe 
City, which is happening at Noida for which we are waiting for the RFP to 
come in, which should be coming in soon, and we will bid for it. 
 Mumbai City Surveillance, we bidded for it. Unfortunately, we could not 
win it with a partner. There was another company that won and got 
shortlisted. And apart from that, there is one that coming up in 
Maharashtra. MIDC, there are 3 more MIDCs that are preparing RFPs 
while we are talking for the Safe City. So,  we have done the Taloja Safe 
City, which was an MIDC, Taloja MIDC.  
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 21 of 23 
 And similar to that, there are 3 more MIDC cities that are coming in for 
Smart City. So, these are all in the different stages. Some are in the pre -
RFP stage, some are in the RFI stage, some are in the RFP, and some are 
post bidding stage. So as and when there is any milestone that we 
achieve from an order win, we keep on announcing to the stock 
exchange to make sure that all our investors are aware of any material 
information that needs to be informed. 
Paresh Shah: Just Prateek to add, as we have now good insight into Smart Cities over 
10 years now in implementing large -scale solutions, close to 16 cities 
across the country, we have stretched ourselves into public place 
technologies, as Nehal mentioned. What this mean s is because every 
government infrastructure is in digitization phase. So Western Railways 
is one example that he talked about. But we now see a lot of 
opportunities on infrastructure, automation, modernization for several 
government initiatives for it. So, we see that as a big opportunity. And as 
per our learnings from the Smart Cities, we become highly eligible for 
these projects. 
Prateek Dedhia: Got it. Okay. And when you speak about the railway projects, so in terms 
of the construct of the contract, it will be similar to what you had in the 
Smart City, right? So,  you have the S olution part being implemented at 
the start of the contract and then you have the S ervices part. Is that 
understanding, correct? 
Nehal Shah: Absolutely. Yes, yes. Correct. Absolutely. See, only this time, the 
Services could be a little lower than the ones in the safe cities margin 
because railways is pretty straightforward and standard. You do not see 
a lot of changes like you have in the city space. So, it is going to be a little 
lesser. But yes, the construct is the same. It is solution, designing, 
implementation and maintenance. 
Paresh Shah: So in short, we have broadened not just Smart Cities, but more broader 
public place technologies. It can be airports, it can be ports, it can be 
railway stations, several other opportunities. 
Prateek Dedhia: Okay. Got it. And in terms of services contract duration, so suppose 
Smart City has 10 years, this probably would be 5 years, 7 years. Is that 
correct? 
Nehal Shah: No. So even safe cities, Smart Cities are also 5 years. Typically, they are 
1-year implementation and 5 -year O& M, and all these contracts are 
done in the same fashion. In some cases, if the infrastructure and all is 
good, we do get extensions for another 5 years. So ideally, the first time 
that you get the contract is 1% always. 
Prateek Dedhia: Okay. Got it. And my another question in terms of gross margins. So, you 
mentioned that gross margins have been increasing, but due to Solution 
===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 22 of 23 
implementation, we have not seen the translation happening on the 
EBITDA level, so which probably would come down in the coming 
quarters, is it correct? 
Nehal Shah: That is right. 
Prateek Dedhia: Okay. Got it. And one suggestion. So while you have been mentioning 
about order wins on the Enterprise level, is there a possibility of making 
it public while you get that order similar to what you probably would get 
at the Government level? Because we have not seen announcements 
happening for Enterprise level on that much. 
Nehal Shah: Yes, yes, you are right. So,  Prateek, what we have done is that we have 
kept a threshold. Unfortunately, with the growing top line, the threshold 
for announcements have also gone up. We typically have a threshold of 
about 10% of our top line. So, any orders now that we get above Rs. 100 
crore or maybe Rs. 90 crore will be announced. The smaller sized ones 
are not going under the stock exchange, but we keep on adding and 
announcing it through the press release quarterly. 
 This year, due to various elections and other things, it was a tad slow in 
acquiring good government customers. But with the RFPs and the order 
bidding that we have done, we see that by March 31, you will see some 
wins and some announcements coming from our side for sure. 
Prateek Dedhia: Okay. Yes. That I understand on the government side. But on the 
enterprise, private enterprise level, also, if you could make those 
announcements public, then that would be great. Rather than waiting for 
the quarterly press release, we could be informed on a regular basis. 
Nehal Shah: Yes, yes. So,  if it does meet our threshold guidelines, we do announce 
through the stock exchange. If the value is higher,  because generally, 
what happens, I will tell you, Prateek, the government orders are bigger 
in number. Enterprise are smaller, but are very, very lucrative, and we get 
a lot of farming opportunity inside. So,  I might enter a customer with a 
Rs. 10 crore or Rs. 12 crore kind of an order, which I find it difficult to 
announce every order in that scenario.  
 But when we are inside, we see through farming, those customer 
revenues going up. And that is, I think, the strategy that most of the big 
companies also have, where you enter small and then you farm and you 
grow the customer, the same strategy that we are applying. So, any wins 
that we do, we make sure that we are announcing quarterly to make sure 
even if it is a small order, but it is very strategic to us, we keep on 
announcing. 
===== PDF PAGE 24 =====
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 23 of 23 
Moderator: Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. I would now 
like to hand the conference back to the management team for closing 
comments. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you for your participation and engagement during today's call. In 
closing, I would like to reiterate that we remain excited about the traction 
and momentum in the business and are looking forward keenly towards 
achieving our target of Rs. 1,000 crore annual revenues in the near 
future. 
 For the past few years, we have undertaken a comprehensive 
transformation across multiple dimensions, including governance, 
transparency, human capital, leadership, development and our sales 
and marketing framework. These initiatives are strengthening the  
foundation of the organization, making it more agile and resilient and 
ensuring that our growth remains sustainable, well balanced and not 
defined by financial performance alone.  
 If you have any additional questions or queries, further information 
about our company, please feel free to reach out to our team or contact 
CDR India. We appreciate your continued support and confidence in 
Allied Digital. Thank you. 
Gopal Tiwari: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Allied Digital Services Limited, that 
concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and 
gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors,  
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 