
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
TVS Electronics Limited
“Arihant E-Park”, No.117/1, 9th Floor, L.B. Road, Adyar, Chennai – 600 020. Tel.: +91-44-42005200
Registered Office: Greenways Towers, 2nd Floor, No.119, St. Mary’s Road, Abhiramapuram, Chennai- 600 018
Corporate Identity Number: L30007TN1995PLC032941
E-mail id: webmaster@tvs-e.in Website: www.tvs-e.in
20th February, 2025
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai - 400 001 Scrip Code – 532513
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/1 G Block
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra - (E)
Mumbai - 400 051 Scrip Symbol – TVSELECT
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015
In continuation to our intimations dated 4th February, 2025 and 17th February, 2025 with respect to
Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended 31st December, 2024 and intimation on the audio
recording, respectively, we wish to inform that the transcript of the said recording is available on the
website of the Company at:
https://www.tvs-e.in/wp-content/finreports/stock/TVSE_Transcript-%20Q3-9M-FY25_1.pdf
We have also enclosed the transcript. Kindly take the same on records.
Thanking you,
For TVS ELECTRONICS LIMITED
K Santosh
Company Secretary

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 11
TVS Electronics Limited
Q3 and 9-months FY’25 Earnings Conference Call
February 17, 2024
Moderator: Good day, Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the TVS Electronics Limited Q3 and 9-months
FY’25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by
pressing "*" then "0" on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being
recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nupur Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. Thank you,
and over to you Ma’am.
Nupur Jainkunia: Thank you. Good evening everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Nupur
Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investors Relations of TVS Electronics
Limited. On behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank you all for
participating in the company's Earnings Call for the 3rd Quarter and 9-months of the Financial
Year 2025.
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature, such forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those
anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s belief as well as assumptions made
by the information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness
about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.
Let me now introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call
and hand it over to them for Opening Remarks. We have with us Mrs. Srilalitha Gopal –
Managing Director; and Mr. A K. Vadivelu -Chief Financial Officer. Without any further delay,
I request Mrs. Srilalitha Gopal to start with her opening remarks.
Thank you and over to you, Ma’am.
Srilalitha Gopal: Thank you Nupur. I would like to know if there are any new attendees on the call as
compared to the last earnings call. Is there something that you can tell me, Nupur? I will

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
Page 2 of 11
assume that there could be, there may not be. Let me continue. For those who are joining us
for the first time, I will take you through a background of who we are.
TVS Electronics or TVSE as it is popularly known was incorporated in 1986 under the
leadership of Mr. Gopal Srinivasan, a member of the illustrated TVS family. We are
headquartered in Chennai and have a state-of-the-art manufacturing plant located at
Tumakuru, Karnataka. Our vision is to be an integrated electronic solutions provider for B2B
customers.
The overall performance of the company is reviewed under 2 business units, Products and
Solutions Group and Customer Support Services. In the Products and Solutions Group, we
aspire to be a single point solutions provider. The two offerings that we have are point of
transaction products and integrated solutions. Our point of transaction products mainly
consist of input devices, computing devices, validation devices and output devices. Under
integrated solutions, we offer our own software solution TVSE Pay for retail customers and
also have a set of solutions to our partner ecosystem. These include hardware ecosystems
based out of Taiwan, Korea and China. Software ecosystems mainly consist of Royal POS,
SnapBizz and Vyapar and the third is analytics ecosystem which we are building. While we
cannot share any forward-looking numbers, we would like to share the addressable market
size as we currently assess is around 2000 crores of which our market share is about 18 to
20%. This segment of our business contributes almost 70% to our revenues. The Customer
Support Services business unit, we aspire to be the first choice after sales service partner. Our
focus is on field support services, infra managed services, O&M services and electronic
manufacturing services.
The field support services caters to the IT and IT peripherals that predominantly covers
15,000 postal codes, 2400 field agents. The large customers like Dell, HP, and others, we
provide break/fix and maintenance services. Under field support services, we also cater to the
banking sector where some of the large banks and financial services companies have
break/fix arrangements with us for their EDC terminals.
Under customer support services, we also have identified the following growth areas for
TVSE. The first is the Infra Managed Services for IT and IT peripherals. The second is the
operations and maintenance for solar followed by the Electronic Manufacturing Services. The
broad serviceable market for field support services is about 500 crores. Infra-Managed
Services is about 4,500 crores and the Operations and Maintenance Services, O&M, is 350
crores. So, we are looking at an addressable market of about 5,350 crores for the entity in
total.
In the EMS, we mainly would like to address box-build opportunities, exploring the Make-In-
India opportunities with our tech partners. We are confident that the new areas identified of
growth will place TVSE in a good position for the coming decade.

===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
Page 3 of 11
I would like to ask our CFO of TVS Electronics, Mr. A. K. Velu to now provide key financial and
operational highlights for the quarter under review.
A. K. Velu: Thank you, ma'am. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to this Earnings Concall. Let me
first brief you on the financial performance for the period under review. For the 3rd quarter
of the financial year 2025, the consolidated revenue from operations stood at around 100
crores, which increased by 15% year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter was around 3 crores,
representing a significant increase year-on-year, and net loss was reported at approximately
70 lakhs, which has also reduced on both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter basis. For the
9 months ended financial year 2025, the consolidated revenue from operations stood at
around 316 crores, which increased by approximately 17% year-on-year. EBITDA for the 9
months was around 9 crores, representing a growth of 27% year-on-year, and the net loss
was reported at approximately 3 crores. For the third quarter under review, the products and
solutions vertical generated a revenue of 69 crores, representing a growth of 10% year-on-
year, while the segment registered a year-on-year growth of 16% for 9 months period. The
increase in revenue in the Products and Solutions vertical attributed to the increase in
businesses with the government and BFSI customers. For the retail segment, where we are
expanding our reach as a single point solution provider also contributed to an increase in
revenue.
The customer support service vertical generated a revenue of 31 crores in Q3 FY25,
representing an increase of 28% year-on-year growth. The segment registered a year-on-year
growth of 21% for the 9-month period. The increase in revenue in the customer support
vertical is attributable to an increase in the volume from existing customers and addition of
few new businesses. With this, we can now open the floor for the questions and answer
session. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who
wishes to ask a question may press “*” and “1” on the touchtone telephone. If you wish to
withdraw yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are
requested to please use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We have the first question from the
line of Ashok B. Jain from Ayush Capital. Please go ahead.
Ashok B. Jain: I just had one question. You had indicated in your earlier presentation that the Phase-1 of
the newly inducted surface mount lines, the SMT, the Phase-1 is going to be used for captive
consumption. So I was wondering when we use our own PCB assemblies and box-built
solutions for captive consumption, how much EBITDA do we presume to increase in our
products and solutions category? Thank you.

===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
Page 4 of 11
A. K. Velu: I would just like to clarify. One of the purposes to use the SMT line for internal captive
purposes. The main purpose is to generate business from external third-party customers.
Currently, we are using the line mainly for our internal captive consumption.
Ashok B. Jain: It is already in use for captive?
A. K. Velu: Yes, it is already in use for captive.
Ashok B. Jain: Okay.
A. K. Velu: From EBITDA perspective, we expect in the short run it may not have much impact as it is all
newly started and there will be another recovery of cost. But over a period of time, we expect
at least 1% to 2% improvement in EBITDA through these initiatives for the internal
consumption, captive consumption.
Ashok B. Jain: Okay and have we found any external customers to begin with?
A. K. Velu: As we already mentioned, we are working on it. As and when the onboarding happens, we
will announce to the common forum.
Moderator: Thank you. Participants, if you wish to ask questions, you may please press “*” and “1”. We
have the next question from the line of Zakir Naseer, an individual investor. Please go ahead.
Zakir Naseer: Good afternoon, ma'am and sir. Although we see increased use of all the products TVS makes,
what is your view on the cheap imports available and the government action on promoting
Make in India? Do you see it happen on the ground?
Srilalitha Gopal: Good evening, Mr. Naseer. What exactly – can you just please re-clarify your question?
Zakir Naseer: Ma'am, the point-of-sale products, whatever segment we are into, I mean the use is
increasing, but so is the availability of cheap imports. I mean, do you see import restrictions
or promoting the Make in India initiative?
Srilalitha Gopal: I think the government has done a lot for Make in India initiative. A lot more needs to be
done. The scenarios are slowly evolving, and we do certainly, like you rightly pointed out, see
a lot of imports, finished goods from overseas, which are disrupting the market. So I think the
industry as a whole and the government needs to work together to see how to further ensure
that the PLI or the Make in India initiative succeeds. At this point of time, it's evolving, is what
I would say, Mr. Naseer.
Moderator: Thank you. Participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. We have the next
question from the line of Manan Patel, an individual investor. Please go ahead.

===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
Page 5 of 11
Manan Patel: So my first question is regarding the EMS business. So have we shortlisted the sectors that we
want to target and any certifications that we need are in place? So can you give some update
on that? I understand there is no business as of now, but can you give some qualitative
update on the kind of sectors that we are targeting?
Srilalitha Gopal: As regards the EMS business, yes, as we have mentioned earlier also, we would like to work
in the automotive and the industrial electronics segment for which we need the IATS
certification. Work on that is going on, and we should be certified in a couple of quarters max
because that needs some kind of preparation.
Manan Patel: Okay. So is it safe to presume that for at least a couple of quarters till the certification is in
place, we have to only use the SMT line for captive purposes or there are other sectors also
that we can do? I understand IATF is for largely automotive. So any other sectors that we are
planning to address in the meanwhile?
Srilalitha Gopal: The industrial electronics is very much on the cards, and if our customers or other partners,
ODM partners, which are based overseas, which are out of India, if they decide to give us
business, the SMT line can definitely be used for that purpose.
Manan Patel: Okay and, ma'am, you mentioned that you are looking for opportunities to tie up with
technology partners. So how do we think about that part?
Srilalitha Gopal: The technology partners are all our ODM partners, Mr. Patel, and that effort is already on. I
am not sure what else did you mean by technology partners. Did you have anything specific
which I can help you with?
Manan Patel: No, as in to bring in any technology that we can use for manufacturing for other customers in
that sense, not for the business itself.
Srilalitha Gopal: No, so the technology for that will be provided by the customer whom we sign up with, right?
We cannot have our own technology. If you are manufacturing for somebody, they will have
to help us with the tech transfer and as and when we have a really big customer or a good
tech customer that will happen.
Manan Patel: Understood. On the product side, ma'am, you mentioned 2000 crore market share. So would
you have any idea how fast that market is growing and how are we increasing the market
share?
Srilalitha Gopal: My understanding is the market is growing at about 8 to 10 percent. Last year and year
before were particularly different, difficult market years. But I think overall it is about 8 to 10
percent of the growth that has been attributed to the segment, Mr. Patel.

===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
Page 6 of 11
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask questions, you may please press “*” and
“1” on your touch-tone telephones. We have the next question from the line of Abhijit
Periwal from APSEC. Please go ahead.
Abhijit Periwal: So this is regarding the EMS once again. There was a recent newspaper report that said that
down the line, it quoted I think the officials of the company also, that down the line you
would be looking at 5-6 SMT lines and that half the turnover should come from this particular
sector. If you could throw some light as to if there is a path for how many years do you expect
to get to that level and also, are you, ma'am, satisfied with the progress of the EMS division
as to how things are going? We started, I think, the division somewhere in 1st of April. So is
the work happening as per your satisfaction and any further qualitative aspects that you can
share?
Srilalitha Gopal: I think what I would like to say is definitely satisfied with the way the EMS is progressing and
as and when the growth happens, the additional lines will come. At this point of time, I think
it is purely subject to the growth of the business and as the business grows, I think we should
be in a position to add the lines as required.
Abhijit Periwal: But do you see, say, 5, 6 lines in the next 3 years or two years, anything? I think it could be
more of an aim rather than a forward-looking statement as to what would be your aim over
the next 2 years.
Srilalitha Gopal: The aim remains the same, whatever we have committed. Not sure whether 5 years, 3 years
or a few quarters. Actually, to be honest, it is very difficult to predict. The line can be set up
really quickly. If the business grows really fast, those number of lines can come fast. If the
business does not come in, those lines in 3 years also will not make any meaning.
Abhijit Periwal: Okay and like you just said, along with the fact that the auto part, there were certain
certifications required. Earlier it was mentioned that most of it was coming in December. I
think that was mentioned in the last call. What I currently understand, you said that they
could take some more quarters. Is there anything in between which has happened, which has
led to the revision in the timelines?
Srilalitha Gopal: No, I think it is just the certification is a process and the IAT certification is something that we
are doing for the first time. So obviously the auditors, the team is very particular that we get
it right the first time around and hence, the certification process has taken a little longer than
what we expected.
Abhijit Periwal: Okay and the consumer electronics part, sorry, industrial electronics or consumer electronics,
you mentioned one more.

===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
Page 7 of 11
Srilalitha Gopal: Industrial electronics, yes. Industrial electronics which is what we already are in our capital
consumption. If you notice, all the equipment goes into the industrial electronics category.
Abhijit Periwal: True. So there you are looking to tie up with some foreign guys, that is where some Southeast
Asia or something, that is the expectation that you are expecting from clients on that side? Or
that is more of local?
Srilalitha Gopal: Correct. No, all that is from outside. But the people, our ODMs have to decide to invest in
India. I think that all depends on the previous question, which one of our participants also
asked on the success of Make in India and the PLI schemes. They are all sort of related and
those have to be attractive for our ODMs to come and invest in India at a big time. And same
goes for our partners too.
Abhijit Periwal: Oh, that would be good then in case they think of Making India. So then we get more.
Srilalitha Gopal: True. I think the whole industry is hoping that there is a lot of the market, manufacturing
market in India will be really good.
Abhijit Periwal: Great. True. And, ma'am, for, say, 5, 6 lines, whenever it happens, would you be looking more
at internal accruals or are you looking loans or fresh? I think a similar question I had asked
last time also. If there is more idea on that side.
Srilalitha Gopal: No, the answer is the same. I think we answered you in detail last time this very well.
Abhijit Periwal: Okay. As in when it happened.
Srilalitha Gopal: Sorry.
Abhijit Periwal: That is fine and, ma'am, point of sale side, I think there were a lot of efforts happening on the
organized retail direction, where I think Trent and all these guys are also our clients. Any light
you can put on that side as to whether the unorganized one, the distributor part is growing or
this retail specific one is growing fast and how many new clients are we able to get some sort
of more idea?
Srilalitha Gopal: It is very well there. As you must have realized, the retail sector has been very, very, the
growth has been very slow, and it has been quite a dampener as regards to that. So we are
actually waiting and watching as to how this will pan out.
Abhijit Periwal: But as I also see, ma'am, that the quick commerce side has done extremely well, and we have
AIDC products, so the bar code and all those things. So do we see traction at our end due to
that or that's something?

===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
Page 8 of 11
Srilalitha Gopal: Yeah, AIDC has been a new entrant. We have been a new entrant to AIDC. That is why we are
concerned that's a new initiative, and it has to sort of as a new entrant all the entry barriers
which we face, we continue to face. So we are working on that, and hopefully you will see
how the traction transforms.
Abhijit Periwal: And, ma'am, it has been mentioned on the product side. So in the government side, which
you're saying these are the more of printer sales that are doing very well, it has been
mentioned in that note, the presentation. The smaller printers which are doing well?
Srilalitha Gopal: That's right, the mobile printers.
Abhijit Periwal: Yes, the one with fingerprints and all that. That is where the traction is?
Srilalitha Gopal: Yes, that is where the traction is, because if you notice the Department of Post was one big
customer, a couple of others who are looking at taking the print or the business to the last
mile into much more of the heart of India, that is where the mobile printers are being used
and commissioned and that is where the use case has increased.
Abhijit Periwal: So over and above the Department of Post, any other place where you think they will be used
on the line?
Srilalitha Gopal: All depends on how the government rolls out these initiatives, Mr. Periwal.
Abhijit Periwal: Okay.
Srilalitha Gopal: Without commenting on the way the government works, the hope that they will digitize soon
and quickly. But every time there is an election, if there is something, these projects keep
getting delayed. So we really do not have a real-time understanding of how these things work
at this point.
Abhijit Periwal: Okay. And lastly, ma'am, on the Infra Managed Services and the solar part, if you can throw
more light as to how the number of megawatts under O&M which have gone up or any
consultancy work, and also in Infra Managed over and above the earlier clients, if some more
clients have been added.
Srilalitha Gopal: So the clients remain the same as far as the O&M service is concerned. Tata Power is a big
customer for us and as they grow, we will grow to them. Yes, we have added a few more
megawatts, and I think we hope to end the year with about 800 to 900 megawatts under
management, and it will consistently grow on that side. On the IMF side, we are yet to crack
any big customers, and when that happens, you will definitely hear from us.
Abhijit Periwal: Ma'am, when you say 800 megawatts is under your O&M, how big is the revenue? Because it
looks huge, 800 megawatts.

===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
Page 9 of 11
Srilalitha Gopal: The revenue is very small. 800 megawatts is no connotation with the revenue. The revenue is
the service part, Mr. Periwal. We have got nothing else to do other than maintenance and
management, which will be a small part of that. The megawatts means the installation sizes.
Abhijit Periwal: True.
Srilalitha Gopal: You can have rooftop, you can have all of that. So each installation size is 100 megawatts, 50
megawatts, 200 megawatts. Accumulation of that is what it is. But the service revenue from
that has no relation to the size of the installation. No relation, as in it is not as large as the
number that you seem to be thinking.
Abhijit Periwal: Okay, yes, true. I thought 140 megawatts to 800 sounded like there was a quantum jump.
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, you may please press “*” and “1”. The
next question is from the line of Ashok B. Jain from Ayush Capital. Please go ahead.
Ashok B. Jain: Yeah, in auto electronics from the EMS side, what sort of products are we specifically looking
at contract manufacturing and is the EV transition going to help us for entering into the
newer categories of products that will come up specifically on the EV side?
Srilalitha Gopal: Mr. Jain, in auto electronics, we are looking at accessories that go into the automotive
segment. Obviously, the main and the other electronics are already taken care of by the OEM.
This is an exploration. We are also looking at working with people who give us subcontracting,
smaller components on the accessories side. EV will definitely help this initiative.
Ashok B. Jain: Okay. What sort of accessories, ma'am, specifically?
Srilalitha Gopal: We are exploring, Mr. Jain. I cannot give you any specific answers at this point in time.
Ashok B. Jain: Okay. So you are also looking at supplying to within the TVS group because they seem to be
making giant strides on the EV side of things.
Srilalitha Gopal: Again, I am not at liberty to talk about those things because anything that we work with
would be a violation of our agreements with them.
Moderator: Thank you. Participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. We have the next
question from the line of Manan Patel, an individual investor. Please go ahead.
Manan Patel: So the question is on the margins. So there is slight improvement in the gross margins, but
the EBITDA margins are pretty low, and it barely covers. It does not even cover the
depreciation. So I wanted to understand what is the timeframe do we look at in terms of
breaking even at the EBT level? So is it like next one year, two years? How do we think about
breaking even at the EBT level?

===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
Page 10 of 11
A. K. Velu: That is a good question, Manan Patel. I think as you have seen, the revenue is already
growing at 15% to 17%, okay, and we continue to manage our cost slightly with various
initiatives and already you see the EBITDA is at 3% and as explained in the earlier calls, we are
continuing to invest 2% to 3% of our revenue in growth initiatives like EMS and R&D. So in the
short term, as we continue to invest, we are seeing that at the bottom EBT level, there is a
negative margin. However, we expect like in the future, this investment of 2% to 3% expected
to contribute for growth much bigger than what we are growing 15% and expected to result
in a positive margin at the bottom line.
Manan Patel: Okay and in terms of employee costs, so we are at around 19 crores per quarter right now in
December quarter. So do you think this is the base number or this should keep growing in the
next 2 quarters? It will stay stable.
A. K. Velu: These are major initiatives. We have already made investments towards employee costs with
hiring all the business heads and business team and the operations team required to run the
factory and everything. But as the business grows, you will require the operational team to
add it up and proportion to the growth in business and we have to continue to invest in
business development. So these 2 we will continue to invest as the business grows.
Manan Patel: But sir that will be in line with the top line growth or it will initially at least for a few quarters
will increase disproportionately and then maybe stabilize down the line?
A. K. Velu: Yeah, initially it will increase a little faster, but I think it will stabilize as the revenue grows a
little faster than for the revenue growth of all the new initiatives.
Manan Patel: Got it. So last, more of a comment than a feedback. So Ma’am most of the investors are
waiting for this company to grow exponentially and in the kind of field that we are, all of our
listed peers are growing at a breakneck speed. So we also want this company, TVS Electronics
also to grow at that speed. So it would be great over the next maybe couple of calls, you
could sort of indicate directionally what kind of speed we can expect from a company like us.
And like we have a very good vintage, very good brand, very good balance sheet, everything
looks pretty good, but the delivery on growth is sort of missing and we have been taking
initiatives, but it would be great if we can give some comment in terms of what kind of
growth can we expect in a few quarters so that we know what milestones to track. Otherwise
at this point we are just sort of in the dark and we do not know what will happen in the next
quarter also or maybe in the next few years. While we are not short-term investors, we might
be looking 3 to 5 years out, but it would be great to have some milestones to sort of track the
company also. So that is just a comment from my side and thank you. Please keep doing this,
Paul. It's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Srilalitha Gopal: Thank you and appreciate the suggestion. Definitely we will work on this note for the investor
call.

===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
Page 11 of 11
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” if you wish to ask questions.
Participants who wish to ask questions may please press “*” and “1” at this time. We have
the next question from the line of Abhijit Periwal from APSEC. Please go ahead.
Abhijit Periwal: Thanks once again. Just continuing with what Manan just mentioned, ma'am. Ma'am, as a
general feedback from the stock market side, I reiterate that if there is more elaborate, what
do you say, communication from the company, be it in terms of aims, be it in terms of one-
on-one conversation, the investor interest in terms of where the company is going,
considering the pedigree, considering the initiative, considering the new guys whom you have
taken, everything will actually, as stock market investors, we need more feedback from you
all. So in case, more particulars in terms of numbers. I understand qualitatively one is saying,
but more in terms of numbers and exact things that, okay, maybe in this year we might add R:
customers. We are actively talking to them. Something of that sort can be done. It will be
highly appreciated.
Srilalitha Gopal: Thanks, Mr. Periwal, and I think you have been very early also very interactive and you have
given a very constructive feedback. I take it from you. I take it from Mr. Patel and all of that.
And I think we will come back to you at the right time. I do not think there is any point in
jumping up and talking about things before those are ready. I know the investor community is
frustrated. I know the investor community thinks we are keeping them in the dark. Maybe
not on purpose, but that is a policy which the company is following. We will find the right
time and engage a little more if that makes sense at the right time. But I think for now, I
would definitely request patience from the community. I know it is tough, but it is the only
thing I can mention at this point in time.
Abhijit Periwal: Sure, ma'am. Sure. I appreciate that. Thanks.
Moderator: Thank you. Participants, to ask a question, you may press “*” and “1”. Ladies and gentlemen,
if you wish to ask questions, you may press “*” and “1”. We have no further questions at this
time. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management from TVS Electronics
Limited for closing remarks. Over to you.
Srilalitha Gopal: Thank you all for participating in this earnings call. It really was very illuminating. I hope we
were able to answer some of your questions satisfactorily and give a little more insight into
our business. If you have any further questions or would like to know more about us, please
do reach out to Valorem Advisors. We will work with them to satisfy your answers. Looking
forward to having this call again next quarter. All the very best.
Moderator: On behalf of TVS Electronics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining
us. You may now disconnect your lines.
