[page 1]
 
August 13, 2026 
To,                  To,  
Corporate Relationship Department                          Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                                       Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C-1, 
Mumbai — 400 001                                                              G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
                                                                                                     Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code:  532875                                                             Scrip Symbol: ADSL 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2026   
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are submitting the Transcripts of Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, 
August 07, 2026, in respect of the financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026.   
The same can also be viewed at https://www.allieddigital.net/in/earning-conference-call 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
 
_______________________ 
Khyati Shah 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 

[page 2]
 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 07, 2026 
 
Call Duration • 31 minutes and 05 seconds 
Management Attendees 
• Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director 
• Mr. Nehal Shah, Joint Managing Director 
• Mr. Paresh Shah, Chief Innovation Officer 
• Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during Q&A 
session 
• Vishal Pandya – Individual Investor 
• Shreya Mehra – Choice Equities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
 
 Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Allied Digital Services 
Limited's Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, Mayank. 
Mayank Vaswani: Thank you, Rayo. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on 
Allied Digital Services Limited's Earnings Call for the First Quarter of Financial 
Year 2026-27.  
We have with us on the call today,  Mr. Nitin Shah, Founder and CMD;  
Mr. Nehal Shah, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Paresh Shah, Chief Innovation 
Officer and Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer. 
 We will begin with comments from Mr. Nehal Shah, who will cover recent 
developments across the business. Mr. Paresh Shah, who was CEO for the 
quarter under review, will discuss the operational performance and order 
wins, followed by Mr. Gopal Tiwari, who w ill walk us through the financial 
highlights. Thereafter, we will open the call for the Q&A session. 
 Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made 
in today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings documents that have been shared with all 
of you earlier. 
 I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Nehal Shah, for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Nehal. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you, Mayank. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
for Allied Digital Services Earnings Call for the First Quarter of FY27. I hope all 
of you had an opportunity to review our financial results and investor 
presentation that we have shared earlier. 
 I will start with some recent developments. Last month, we announced 
augmentation of our senior leadership team, reflecting the company's 
evolution as we prepare for the next phase of growth. In the new role, I have 
been entrusted with the responsibility o f Joint Managing Director. Paresh 
Shah has transitioned into a newly created role of Chief Innovation Officer to 
lead our AI and technology transformation agenda.  And we are delighted to 
welcome Arun Pathak as CEO of Cloud Infrastructure Services for India and 
Middle East.  
[page 4]
 
 Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 3 of 11 
Together, these changes are designed to sharpen execution, deepen 
customer engagement and strengthen our ability to capitalize on the 
significant opportunities emerging across AI, cloud, cybersecurity and 
managed services. 
 The first quarter marks an important milestone in Allied Digital's journey. On 
a trailing 12-month basis, our revenues have crossed Rs. 1,000 crore mark, an 
aspiration we had set ourselves nearly 3 years ago. Achieving this milestone 
reflects the steady evolution of our business. And while we take satisfaction 
in reaching it, our focus is already on building the next phase of sustainable 
growth. 
 Now coming to the quarter 1 numbers, we are pleased to report another 
quarter of resilient performance with revenues of Rs. 260 crore in quarter 1 
FY27, representing growth of 19% year -on-year. EBITDA increased by 18%, 
while PBT, that is profit before tax grew by 19% to Rs. 17 crore. These results 
reflect disciplined execution, healthy customer engagement and the 
continued strength of our diversified business model. 
 The global economic environment continues to evolve rapidly, while 
macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties have made customers more 
measured in their spending decisions. Investments in AI, Cloud, Cybersecurity 
and Digital Infrastructure remain strategic priorities. Procurement cycles have 
become longer and more rigorous with greater emphasis on governance, 
business outcomes and return on investment. 
However, we see this as a shift in the timing of decisions rather than 
underlying demand. Our opportunity pipeline remains healthy. Customer 
engagement is robust, and we are increasingly participating in larger and 
more strategic transformation programs, including opportunities beyond our 
traditional partner ecosystem. 
 These trends play directly to Allied Digital's strength. Our integrated 
capabilities across managed services, cloud, cybersecurity, digital 
infrastructure and AI -enabled operations position us well to support 
customers through their end -to-end transformation journey. Whether it is 
enterprises accelerating automation and cloud adoption or governments 
investing in smarter and more connected infrastructure, we believe our 
addressable opportunity continues to expand. 
 Accordingly, our priorities for FY27 remain clear. Alongside pursuing growth 
opportunities, we are also strengthening the foundations required for our 
next phase of expansion by growing a sales engine, refreshing our delivery 
organization, deepening customer relationships and embedding AI across our 
service portfolio. These initiatives are aimed to improve execution at scale, 
increasing our share of direct customer engagement, enhancing long- term 
competitiveness. 
[page 5]
 
 Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 4 of 11 
 Another important milestone this quarter is the completion of our 
governance transformation. For the first time since the comprehensive 
review commenced, the audit report carries no qualifications or observations. 
This reflects the successful resolution of  all matters identified in earlier 
periods and reinforces the significant progress we have made in 
strengthening our governance standards, financial reporting framework and 
internal controls. 
 As we augment our leadership team and continue to build a stronger 
institutional foundation, we believe Allied Digital is entering the next phase 
from a position of greater strength than ever before. While the near -term 
environment may remain dynamic, the long-term demand drivers for our 
industry remain compelling, and we remain focused on executing 
consistently, expanding our enterprise presence and creating sustainable 
long-term value for our stakeholders. 
 With that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Paresh Shah, our Chief 
Innovation Officer, who will take you through the operational developments, 
key order wins and strategic initiatives during the quarter. Over to you, 
Paresh. 
Paresh Shah: Thank you, Nehal.  
Before I speak about the progress we made during the quarter, I would like to 
take a moment to acknowledge my transition into the role of the Chief 
Innovation Officer. I am excited to take on the new responsibility at a time 
when AI is fundamentally reshap ing how technology services are delivered. 
My focus going forward will be on driving innovation, accelerating AI adoption 
across our offerings and developing next -generation capabilities that enable 
our customers to realize greater value from the technology investments. 
 The order wins during the quarter reflect the continued confidence that 
customers place in Allied Digital's capabilities and execution. Beyond the 
diversity of customers and industries, these engagements demonstrate our 
ability to deliver across the entire technology services spectrum. 
 During the quarter, we expanded our presence with global enterprises, 
strengthened our position in the government and public sector and added 
new enterprise customers across key industries. Collectively, these 
engagements span workspace services, enterpris e applications, managed 
services, digital infrastructure, IT asset management and integrated 
command and control solutions. They reflect the breadth of our capabilities 
and reinforce our position as a trusted partner to end -to-end digital 
transformation. 
[page 6]
 
 Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 5 of 11 
 During the quarter, ADSL has booked orders for Rs. 120-plus crore towards 
new wins as well as renewals for multiyear contracts. A few key wins this 
quarter include:  
• Won an Enterprise Application Services engagement with a leading 
NYSE-listed electronics design and testing solutions company to 
provide application maintenance and support to core enterprise 
platforms, including ServiceNow, Jitterbit and Boomi.  This 
engagement marks Allied Digital's entry into Enterprise Application 
Services space in the U.S. 
 
 
• Secured an end -to-end Workspace Service Management Solution 
with a leading customer- owned mutual bank in Australia, delivering 
desk-side support services across its corporate offices and retail 
branches in Melbourne, Sydney and Adelaide to enhance end -user 
experience and operational efficiency. 
 
• Awarded a turnkey System Integration project by the Department of 
School Education, Government of Punjab, for the design, build, 
commissioning, operations and maintenance of an Integrated 
Command and Control Center, enabling centralized monitoring and 
management capabilities. 
 
• Secured a managed services and implementation support 
engagement with the Government of India's prestigious organization 
under the Ministry of Commerce to provide comprehensive IT 
managed services, supporting critical business applications and 
ensuring seamless day-to-day technology operations. 
 
• Won an IT asset management engagement with a leading 
international property consulting firm to manage the lifecycle of 
enterprise IT assets, enabling manpower important assets, visibility, 
governance and operational efficiency. 
 
• Secured an IT Infrastructure Support engagement with one of the 
India's leading FMCG companies to provide end -to-end IT 
infrastructure services, ensuring reliable IT operations across the 
customers' enterprise environment. 
 Renewed multiple strategic customer engagements across the 
pharmaceuticals, chemicals, real estate, BFSI, medical devices and the retail 
design sectors, reflecting continuous customer confidence in Allied Digital 
service capabilities and long-standing customer relationships. 
 Equally encouraging is the continued renewal of our long -standing customer 
engagements across multiple industry verticals. This reflects the trust our 
customers place in Allied Digital and reinforces the strength of our execution 
and long-term partnerships. 
[page 7]
 
 Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 6 of 11 
 As we continue to embed AI across our services and solutions, we are not only 
enhancing operational efficiency but  also creating differentiated outcome -
driven offerings that will define the next phase of Allied Digital's growth. 
 I look forward to leading this innovation journey and working closely with our 
customers and teams as we build the future of Allied Digital. Together with 
our strengthened leadership team, we remain committed to deliver 
innovation-led growth, deepening cus tomer partnerships and creating 
sustainable long-term value for all our stakeholders. 
 With that, I would now like to hand over the call to our Chief Financial Officer, 
Mr. Gopal Tiwari, who will take you through the financial performance of the 
quarter in greater details. Thank you. 
Gopal Tiwari: Thank you, Paresh bhai, and good afternoon, everyone. I will briefly take you 
through the financial performance for the quarter and highlight the key 
financial developments.  
Before turning to the numbers, I would like to touch upon 2 important 
milestones achieved during the quarter.  First, I am pleased to share that all 
the observations and qualifications raised by our auditors in earlier periods 
have now been fully addressed. The necessary accounting interventions, 
process enhancements and governance improvements have been 
implemented to the satisfaction of the auditors. And the audit report for the 
quarter is unmodified with no further qualifications. This marks an important 
milestone in our ongoing efforts to strengthen governance, financial 
reporting and internal controls. 
 The second milestone is equally significant. Our trailing 12 months revenue 
have now crossed the Rs. 1,000 crore mark, reaching to Rs. 1,009 crore. Many 
of you will recall that we had articulated these aspirations nearly 3 years ago. 
While Rs. 1,000 crore is simply a milestone and not a destination, it reflects 
the steady progress Allied Digital has made in scaling the business and 
provides a strong foundation for the next phase of growth. 
 Coming to our financial performance. We delivered another quarter of strong 
double-digit growth despite a measured demand environment and elongated 
customer decision cycles. Revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 260 crore, 
higher by 19% on a year-on-year basis, supported by healthy execution across 
our existing customer base. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 25 crore with 
an EBITDA margin of 10%. During the quarter, employee cost reflects the 
impact of annual wage revisions and continued investments in strengthening 
our talent base and leadership team. 
 Finance costs also increased modestly due to higher working capital 
deployment and as large projects moved into the execution phase. Other 
income was lower during the quarter, primarily due to reduced foreign 
[page 8]
 
 Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 7 of 11 
exchange gains. As part of the governance and accounting measures 
completed during FY26, funds deployed in our U.S. subsidiary were 
reclassified from debt to equity. 
 Under the earlier accounting treatment, these balances were revalued every 
quarter, resulting in foreign exchange gains or losses being recognized in our 
other income. Following the conversion to equity, this quarterly revaluation 
no longer applies, making reported earnings more reflective of the underlying 
operating performance of the business. These factors were partly offset by 
continued cost optimization initiatives across the businesses, resulting in 
lower operating overheads. 
 Consequently, profit before tax increased to about Rs. 17 crore, 
demonstrating the resilience of our operating model despite the cost 
headwinds during the quarter. These headwinds were partly offset by 
continued cost optimization initiatives across the business, resulting in lower 
operating overheads. Consequentl y, profit before tax increased to about  
Rs. 17 crore, demonstrating the resilience of our operating model despite the 
higher employee and finance costs during the quarter. 
 At the PAT level, it is important to note that the comparison with the 
corresponding quarter last year is influenced by taxation. During Q1 FY26, the 
company has recognized a gain in tax provision due to recognition of deferred 
tax asset, resulting in a net tax benefit of Rs. 0.3 crore for that period. 
 In contrast, the current quarter reflects a total tax provision of about Rs. 4.5 
crore. Despite the significantly higher tax outgo of nearly Rs. 5 crore in this 
quarter, profit after tax stood at Rs. 12 crore compared to Rs. 14 crore in the 
corresponding quarter last year, highlighting the underlying improvement in 
operating profitability. 
 Overall, the financial performance for the quarter reflects the continued 
strengthening of the business. Our focus remains on improving the quality of 
earnings through disciplined execution, tighter cost management and 
prudent capital allocation while cont inuing to invest in leadership, delivery 
capabilities and AI-led service offerings that will support long-term growth. 
 With that, I will now hand over the call back to the moderator for the 
question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. 
The first question is from Vishal Pandya, who is an individual investor. Please 
go ahead.  
Vishal Pandya: Thank you for the opportunity I just wanted to understand if there is some 
kind of competitive pressure because we have seen that the EBITDA margins 
[page 9]
 
 Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 8 of 11 
and the PAT margins are on a declining trend from last 3 to 4 years. So can 
you throw some highlight on that? And how can we kind of improve that? 
Nehal Shah: So yes, you are right. There is certain competitiveness that is there in the 
business from the last 4 to 8 quarters. With that, I would also want to say that 
we are investing as well while we are growing. So,  if you see us consistently 
over the last 4, 5 years, we have been growing at 20%.  And to do that, we 
have done a lot of investments with respect to hiring new people, getting the 
leadership in place, getting the mid-level leadership in place. So, one side, we 
are investing. We are investing on people. We are investing on technology 
where we are doing a lot of investments on AI to make sure that our service 
portfolio is AI ready. 
 And third is with the global scenario, specifically in the U.S. market, we have 
seen a lot of competitiveness happening because of the war issue that was 
there over the last 3, 4 quarters. Of course, the business actually is growing, 
but there is a lot of demand when it comes for margin reduction or bettering 
the bottom line from a service perspective. So that has been a little bit of a 
challenge. 
To counter that, what we are doing is that while we are investing in the AI, we 
expect that once we start implementing all this automation to our clients on 
a broader basis, we should be able to improve or optimize our service delivery 
and get better margins over the next few quarters. 
Vishal Pandya: Okay. Let me put it on another way. Is AI being a beneficiary to our business? 
Or is AI a threat to our business? Because of AI, are we losing that competitive 
edge in the market or something like that? Can you throw some light? 
Nehal Shah: So, AI or any other technology that is always next -gen tech, we always 
consider it as an opportunity, an opportunity to go to customers and acquire 
more customers. Of course, the rule of the game changes, it is not going to be 
as easy as it was for the last couple of years, but the new challenge also gets 
us new opportunities. And with both our open hands are welcoming AI and 
making sure that our service portfolio, our people get realigned towards AI 
and the requirement that the customer has. 
 So that way, I will consider that as an opportunity, not at all a threat. But yes, 
up to what extent is only when we start implementing and start getting cost 
optimization done at the customer level is when we will be able to give you 
an exact strength at which we can get an output from AI implementation. 
Vishal Pandya: So as of now, can we understand that there is some kind of revenue deflation 
because of AI that we are facing? 
Nehal Shah: So, revenue deflation is happening because of 2 reasons. One is in India, 
specifically, if you recollect, due to this war situation, a lot of the product 
[page 10]
 
 Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 9 of 11 
prices have gone up.  So, we have stayed away, in the last quarter of the last 
financial year and the first quarter of this year, from going too aggressive on 
acquiring customers at a relatively lower margin.  The reason for that is the 
speculation in the price changes from the hardware side that is happening. 
So, things have slowed down a bit there. 
 But having said that, I think from this quarter onwards, we are seeing that a 
lot of stagnancy is coming in that as well. Prices are getting bottomed out. We 
are seeing a lot of positive feedback coming in from OEMs to go and bid for 
it. So probably one mo re quarter and after that, when the RFPs are out and 
then we start bidding again, we will see a lot of newer deals coming in. 
 So, if not in the second quarter, third quarter, I am pretty confident  that we 
will have some good announcements coming up from the pipeline that we 
see on hand. So, that is one of the reasons where I feel the top line has been 
declining a bit quarter-over-quarter. 
Nitin Shah: But I will add here. I think your question I understood. AI is a boon to us 
actually. We would want the AI to spread more because I do not think so every 
company will be able to cope up with the change that is going to happen. 
However, we have been in the industry for the last 42 years and always taken 
up new challenges, and we are going to be far ahead. And with the new 
initiative that we have taken by focusing a lot on innovation, I think we will be 
ahead of the curve. So,  the  answer is yes, AI is good for us. It is a matter of 
time that you will see a change that is going to happen. 
Vishal Pandya: Okay. So when can we expect the margin pressures to bottom out? And from 
when can we see an increasing trajectory on the margins? And what will be 
your sort of guidance for FY '28? 
Nitin Shah: So, I will give you answer. See, right now, situation is not as solid as going to 
happen later on. Every large company is also facing the cost pressure because 
every customer wants in anticipation of the automation norm, they are trying 
to discount the pricin g from the now itself. So,  margins are definitely under 
pressure for everybody. But once AI gets settled and more and more mature 
platforms and products are going to be available, the margins would certainly 
be increased by those companies who have been ahead in terms of deploying 
that kind of automation. So right now, in a very flux situation, I cannot tell you 
when, but I think very soon, you will see a change that is going to happen. And 
in the competitive market, we will fare much better than others. 
Vishal Pandya: Okay. And any guidance you would like to highlight for next couple of years? 
Nitin Shah: I think, guidance we have already given. We have already made up our mind 
for 10x kind of a growth. 
[page 11]
 
 Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 10 of 11 
Nehal Shah: So, we are seeing 10x growth in 10 years, which turns out to be about 20% a 
year is what we are looking at. Some quarters here and there based on the 
macroeconomics. But otherwise, from a strategy perspective and customer 
acquisition perspective, I think we are on the right track. That should be what 
we should be aiming at 10x in 10 years, yes, which turns out to be about 20% 
a year. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Shreya Mehra from Choice Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Mehra: I want to understand that, given the pipeline we see that and we have 
explained in the opening remarks. I would like to understand what are the 
constraints we are facing in the revenue conversion specifically for this year? 
And when should we expect these to translate into meaningful growth 
inflection. Can you throw some light on that? 
Nehal Shah: Thanks, Shreya,  for your question. Voice was a little feeble, but what I 
understand is you are asking why there has been a little bit delay in the 
revenue recognition. As I previously told in my last con call also, the scenario 
in India was a little difficult from a prod uct pricing perspective. We had won 
a couple of orders in the railways, which were in the tune of about Rs. 180 
crore to Rs. 200 crore. Unfortunately, while we were in the bidding phase, the 
pricing of the products went up by 25%, 30%. And eventually, we had to bow 
out of the project because we did not want to take losses in our books. 
 So having said that, we become a little cautious when it came to bidding for 
such kind of projects where the whole cycle of decision -making is a bit 
elongated. And because of that, the price confirmation from the OEM was not 
that great. 
So, 2 quarters, we had a little bit of silence with respect to larger order wins 
from the government side in India. However, as we speak today, the scenario 
is changing, and we are seeing a lot of positive feedback coming in from the 
OEMs with respect to the consistency in the pricing and the guarantees of the 
pricing being normal. So, this has entrusted that we keep on bidding for most 
such projects now. And I feel in the next couple of quarters, we will see some 
good announcements coming in from that side as well, which would, of 
course, get us back to the growth track that we were looking at. It is a matter 
of time before we start announcing some good order wins. 
Shreya Mehra: Okay. Thank you. Also, if I can ask a follow-up question. How should we think 
about the margin trajectory in FY27? 
Nehal Shah: So, the margin trajectory right now, we are anywhere between 10% to 11% 
EBITDA. While we are focusing on growth, we are also focusing on a lot of 
changes that we are doing internally to better our governance, better our 
service delivery, and we are doing a lot of investment on AI. We feel that in a 
[page 12]
 
 Q1 FY2027 Earnings Call Transcript  Page 11 of 11 
couple of quarters when large deals kick in is when we will get to improve our 
EBITDA margins to a considerable level by a couple of bps, like 12% or 13%. 
Shreya Mehra: Okay. And this is in consideration with the AI investment  as well? 
Nehal Shah: Yes. Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
team for closing comments. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you once again for your participation and engagement during today's 
call. We remain encouraged by the direction of our business and the 
significant opportunities emerging across the evolving global technology 
landscape. Having achieved the Rs. 1,000 crore revenue milestone on a 
trailing 12-month basis, we believe Allied Digital is entering a new phase of 
growth and evolution.  
As we have indicated, our aspiration is to scale the business 10x over the next 
decade. Over the past few years, we have undertaken a comprehensive 
transformation across multiple dimensions of the organization, including 
governance, transparency, leadership development, human capital delivery 
capabilities in our sales and go -to-market framewo rk. We believe these 
initiatives have significantly strengthened the foundation of the company and 
created a more agile, scalable and resilient platform capable of supporting 
sustained long-term growth. 
 Should you require any further information or have any additional questions, 
please feel free to reach out to our team or connect with CDR India. We 
sincerely appreciate your continued support and confidence in Allied Digital 
Services Limited. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Allied Digital Services Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. 
You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors,  
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
