[page 1]
October 30, 2025 
To 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: ZENTEC 
To 
Dept. of Corp. Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 533339 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on October 27, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI ( Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call held on Monday, 
October 27, 2025. 
This is for your kind information and records. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Zen Technologies Limited 
Sourav Dhar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Zen Technologies Limited Q2 FY2026 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 27, 2025 
       
  
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK ATLURI - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
MR. AFZAL MALKANI - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. ABHILASHA ATLURI - INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 
[page 3]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and a warm welcome to Zen Technologies Limited Q2 
FY2026 Earnings Conference Call . Please note, all participants' lines will be in the listen -
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management's 
opening remarks. I would like to remind you all that everything said in this call that reflects 
any outlook for the future, which can be construed as a forward -looking statement, must be 
viewed in conjunction with the risk and uncertainty that the company faces. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand over the conference to Ms. T eena Virmani 
from Motilal Oswal. Thank you, hand over to you. 
Teena Virmani: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us for Q 2 FY2026 
Earnings Conference Call of Zen Technologies. We are pleased to welcome the 
management team of Zen Technologies to this call. Mr. Ashok Atluri, Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Afzal Malkani, CFO, and Ms. Abhilasha Atluri, Investor Relations 
Head. So we will start the call with a brief overview about the company's performance, after 
which we will open the floor for question and answer. With that, I now hand over the call to 
Mr. Ashok Atluri for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Ashok Atluri: Hello, fellow shareholders and potential investors and friends. Thank you for coming on the 
call. And as you see that Q2 results have come out and one of the main expectations during 
the Q2 was in addition to results, which were not as encouraging as I would want it to be, 
was the order book position did  not build up as we had sought out. Again, as explained in 
the press release, this delay in orders has been attributable to the government's extreme 
focus on emergency procurement post -Operation Sindoor. And while part of that was good 
news because in that we had our anti -drone systems also, but the regular procurement of 
training and equipment and simulators were delayed. But again, I want to assure you that 
this is just a question of when, not a question of if the things are moving in the right 
direction and we expect orders to come. So having said that, I would like I request A fzal 
Malkani to just brief you on the financials key points in that and then we can actually dig 
deep into the Q&A and try to answer your questions. 
Afzal Malkani: Yes, thank you, sir. So, good evening, everyone and we welcome to our earning conference 
call for the Q2 FY 2026 and H1 FY 2026. Let ’s begin with a quick update on standalone 
performance for the Q2 FY 2026. Our revenue from operation was Rs.124.65 Crores, 
compared to Rs.241.69 Crores in Q2 FY2025. However, in Q2 FY2026, this is much better 
than Q1 FY 2026. Our Operational EBITDA for the Q2 FY 2026 decreased to Rs.42.10 
Crores compared to Rs.79.69 Crores in Q2 FY 2025. In percentage terms, Operational 
EBITDA is 34% of the revenue compared to 33% in Q2 FY 2025. Our total EBITDA is Rs. 
64.79 Crores compared to Rs. 87.84 Crores in Q2 FY2025. In percentage terms, EBITDA is 
52% of the revenue compared to 36% in the last year. Our profit after tax has decreased to 
[page 4]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
Rs. 46.16 Crores in Q2 FY2026 compared to Rs. 65.24 Crores in the same period last year. 
The profit after tax in percentage terms is 37% compared to 27% in Q2 FY 2025. Coming 
on to the half yearly performance for the H1 FY 2026, our revenue for the H1 FY 2026 is 
Rs.235.71 Crores compared to Rs.495.64 Crores in H1 FY 2025. Our operational EBITDA 
for the H1 FY 2026 decreased to Rs.81.27 Crores compared to Rs. 183.73 Crores in H1 
FY2025. Operational EBITDA in percentage terms is 34% compared to 37% in H1 
FY2025. Our total EBITDA for H1 FY 2026 is Rs.122.72 Crores compared to Rs.194.08 
Crores in H1 FY 2025. So in percentage terms, it is 52% compared to 39% in H1 FY 2025. 
Now coming on to the profit after tax, our profit after tax has reduced to Rs.83.28 Crores 
compared to Rs.139.42 Crores in H1 FY 2025. In percentage terms it is 35% compared to 
28% in H1 FY2025. 
 Now coming on to the consolidated financials. Total consolidated revenue for the Q2 
FY2026 is around Rs.173.57 Crores compared to Rs.24.84 Crores in Q2 FY2025. There is a 
degrowth of 28% on a consolidated basis. Our consolidated operational EBITDA for the Q2 
FY2026 has decreased to Rs.65.54 Crores compared to Rs.80.31 Crores in Q2 FY2025. The 
operational EBITDA on consolidated basis is 38% compared to 33% in Q2 FY 2025. 
Consolidated EBITDA for the Q2 FY 2026, total EBITDA is Rs.90.05 Crores compared to 
Rs.88.48 Crores in Q2 FY 2025. The consolidated EBITDA in percentage terms is 52% 
compared to 37% in Q2 FY 2025. And consolidated profit after tax, after adjusting non -
controlling interest, has decreased to Rs.59.40 Crores compared to Rs.62.67 Crores in Q2 
FY2025. In percentage terms, it is 34% compared to 26% in Q2 FY 2025. Coming on to the 
consolidated half yearly performance for the H1 FY 2026, our consolidated revenue is Rs. 
331.79 Crores compared to Rs.496.46 Crores in H1 FY 2025. Our consolidated operational 
EBITDA for the H1 FY2026 is Rs.131.47 Crores compared to Rs.192.53 Crores in H12025. 
In percentage terms it is 40% of the revenue compared to 39% in H1 2025. Our total 
consolidated EBITDA for H1 FY 2026 is Rs.176.55 Crores compared to Rs.202 Crores in 
H1 FY2025. In percentage terms it is 53% of the revenue compared to 41% in H 1 FY2025. 
Coming on to the profit after tax for the H 1 F Y2026, after deducting non -controlling 
interest, reduced to Rs.107.15 Crores compared to Rs.139.48 Crores. In percentage terms, it 
is 32% compared to 28% in H1 FY 2025. Now moving on to the balance sheet part, Z en 
remains focused on maintaining a strong liquidity and leveraging its asset light business 
model. Our net cash position as on 30th September 2025 is Rs.1103 Crores and we continue 
to debt free status. With that, we conclude our opening remarks and would now like to open 
the floor for question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may click on the raise hand icon from the 
participant tab on your screen. We will wait for a moment until the question queue 
assembles. We have Manish Gupta who would be asking his question. Manish Gupta of 
[page 5]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Equinox Investment Advisors. Manish Gupta, please unmute your microphone and you can 
go ahead with your question, please. Mr. Manish Gupta, please unmute your microphone. 
Manish Gupta: Sir, am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, please go ahead. 
Manish Gupta: Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, as per media reports, Iranian Shahed -136 drones 
which cost about only $35000 to $40000 each are being seen as a game changer in UAV 
warfare. And  Zen has always been at the forefront of technology and cost effectiveness. 
Does this low priced and highly effective drone undermine drone and anti -drone companies 
globally including Zen, sir? 
Ashok Atluri: Yes, great question. So the thing is we are not doing drones at this point in time, we are 
focusing exceptionally on anti -drone systems and anti-drone systems, I think there are no 
cheaper versions than, what we have been supplying are very cost competitive globally and 
we have not seen any country including China making anything as competent and as cost 
effective as we have made. So there is no competition with respect to our anti drone system 
globally. So to your point about, what is our answer to those drones, I think that  is 
something the drone companies are working on and Zen has acquired vector techniques that 
are trying to make something better than the Shah ed kind of drones, which are really cheap 
and the cost to neutralize them is very, very high but the anti -drone system, which are 
basically soft kill like the ones we have, are very effective solutions and can block those 
kinds of drones effectively. And there is no, when you look at the cost for bringing down 
these kinds of drones, as long as it is not a hard kill, it  is just a soft kill blocking, jamming 
the signal, which is being sent from the ground station to the drone that is almost negligible. 
There is no cost involved. Only when we try to shoot it down by sending multiple missiles 
or very expensive solution, then it becomes very expensive. So that  is not the case. That  is 
not what we are doing  in Zen in the capability, we are doing a hard k ill, but we integrate it 
with L 70 and other weapons system that we have and they are not as expensive as one 
would, not very expensive. So they are also very effective solutions. 
Manish Gupta: All right, sir. Just a follow up, sir. In your opinion, these drones are amenable to soft kill or 
they require only hard kill, sir? 
Ashok Atluri: No, so it depends if the weapon systems are if the ground control, so what happens is the 
most of the drones, they work in both the categories. One is through the ground control, 
they work and at some point in time, they can become autonomous based on maybe a GPS 
system, or maybe some kind of AI based waypoint, where they see the physical 
characteristics and keep going. So, if it is a ground control thing, then the soft kill works, 
[page 6]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
where the drones become independent autonomous there either we have to do GPS spoofing 
to make mislead them over the geographical location, or the second option is actually shoot 
them down. So it will depend on so to your question, the y may work in a hybrid mode, both 
ground control and autonomous modes. 
Manish Gupta: All right, sir and sir my second question is that you  have always encouraged investors to 
stay put in Zen for the long term and not look at short -term aberrations, particularly due to 
the peculiarities of the defense industry, the lumpiness of the orders and other stuff. In your 
opinion, sir, has anything fundamentally changed, which  makes you worried about the long 
term prospects of the Indian defense industry, including Zen? 
Ashok Atluri: No, no, not at all. I think in the long term, the story is intact, and I personally believe that 
we have it  is after the dot -com bust happened in 2000. The really serious, deep tech 
companies actually emerged the Google and all that. I think that  is what is happening now. 
Companies with indigenous R&D, their own R&D, with long-term game plan, a lot of 
products in the pipeline, they are the companies that are going to survive this thing for the 
long term. And typically, again, we are prime contractors. While there is a downside to 
being a prime contractor, the prime contractors for which one of the customers is the Indian 
armed forces, but Indian government is pushing us to go and sell to friendly allied nations. 
So we have multiple customers and we are de-risking ourselves that way. But again, to your 
question, has it fundamentally changed? I think the change is this, that the government is 
looking not for me-too guys or people who are just reselling other technology or just setting 
up a Make in India label manufacturing for becoming a manufacturing coolie for some 
high-end foreign technology developer, but actually developing in -house technology for 
India complete IP ownership. So they are looking, I think for them the story is improving 
now. And the government is saying that we want Indian IP, because they  are really worried 
about what will happen if the software inside has a malware. We have seen again as I said 
earlier, the even the pager incident with the Hezbollah was a wakening call in the sense, you 
could even program them to be destructive. So whatever we are getting from outside is a 
question mark. 
 How do you know that it will not turn against India at some point in time? It does  not 
matter which country it is. So any country may be having a malware which is to turn on the 
switch and all our software will go. So Indian government is very, very aware of that and 
they are insisting that the software be ours and we should be able to read it , compiled in 
front of us, all the electronic designs, mechanical design should be our own and I think that 
is good news for companies like Zen which believe in this IP ownership and own R&D so I 
think fundamentally it has it is changed in a way , which is very positive for companies like 
that. 
[page 7]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Manish Gupta: Thank you sir, thank you sir, I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question coming in from Pritish Urumkar of ICICI Securities. 
Please unmute your microphone. 
Pritish Urumkar: Hello, this is Vikas Singh from ICICI Securities. Sir, just wanted to understand our 
cumulative revenue guidance of Rs.6000 Crores, given the first half has been pretty weaker. 
So how should we look at this Rs.6000 Crores cumulative revenue guidance? Should we 
think that it will spill over to FY 2029, given our order is also pretty low as compared to our 
historical rate. 
Ashok Atluri: So Prit ish, our feeling is that based on the pipeline, order pipeline that we have, that the 
orders will start accelerating in the edge to especially towards the end. And in 2027, also the 
acceleration will continue. There will be a lot of orders that will keep coming and what we 
are saying is cumulatively these orders will be executed in 2027 and 2028 at this point in 
time. I do not think that what as of now our feeling is that all the Rs.6000 Crores whatever 
6000 minus whatever we execute during FY 2026 will be executed in FY 2027 and 2028, 
assuming the order book will be in place as we are assuming. So I think the chance of this 
Rs.6000 Crores going to FY 2029 is  not there as of now and I we feel personally very 
confident that I think 2027 and 2028 are going to be great years for zen. 
Pritish Urumkar: Noted sir. Sir, last year had been a year of acquisition for you. Given those four verticals 
which you have acquired, how should we look at your total addressable market right now 
because since we are looking at Rs.6000 cumulative and how much you think that those 
four divisions would contribute in this cumulative Rs.6000 Crores?  
Ashok Atluri: So the four companies that we have acquired, the thing is the Zen's acquisition strategy has 
been very, very clear in the sense that first we are saying that we should become strong in 
training and simulation. And one of the acquisition in that regard was ARI, for the naval 
simulation. So it is a very, very, almost even though it  is inorganic, but organic in terms of 
strategy. And then we are also looking at now, we are trying to build our own air force 
simulators, but we are also looking at some interesting acquisitions in that regard. So this is 
the training and simulation. The second was in the area of anti -drone systems. And anti -
drone systems, we are already doing soft kill kind of a thing. Now, how do we add the hard 
kill portion of that? AI Turing made the remote control weapon stations, and they were able 
to integrate weapon and they were tested in the, by the way, they are trusting the recent 
trials. And I think we were the only one stop shop solution for the complete hard kill 
requirement. And the end user really appreciated what we have offered. It  is not like we are 
getting a ragtag of five, six items and trying to put it together and try to offer , a very, very 
integrated and very intuitive solution we have given. And again, we are looking at the 
[page 8]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
vector. So we are also trying to understand the ecosystem of the drones. And in that regard, 
we have invested in vector techniques. And TISA is another thing that are required. Again, 
when you look at the robotics, for robotics, we have invested in Bhairav Robotics, which is 
again a very integral part of the what would I say automated weapon system, the RCWS 
kind of a system. So these are not verticals, but they are actually very, very accretive in 
nature to our strategy. So I think these acquisitions, when we are talking about the 6000 
Crores, we are adding all whatever solution we are offering, the incremental solutions being 
offered by these companies are included in that, subsumed in that. 
Pritish Urumkar: Noted, sir. And sir, just one thing, this we are talked about a lot on the anti -drone system, 
soft kill and hard kill, but as we know that this space is also getting crowded. So what is the 
differentiator for you? 
Ashok Atluri: So, one thing is the software, the hardware, everything is indigenous. What we are 
developing is completely IP owned by us. And we have seen in 23 when tenders were 
issued that under IDDM, it is very difficult for any other Indian company to qualify. So they 
are getting it from outside and they  are trying to collaborate with partners and try to pass it. 
So the first thing is that the IP ownership and second is the amount of the coverage that we 
give. Most of the guys are giving coverage of commercial frequency drones and they were 
saying, when they say commercial frequency, typically, they are 2.5, 2.4, 5.8 , 900 
megahertz, etc. They are commercial frequencies in which the DJI all these Chinese drones, 
third rate Chinese drones fly. So those we are able to actually do those were being stopped 
earlier by everybody, including Zen. But when the war started, when the actual requirement 
came, we realized that they will not be flying in commercial frequency. They will be flying 
in any frequency in between. And that is where when we started doing wideband anti -drone 
system, we were the only people who qualified in that. During 2023, when this was done, 
2024, 2025 was supplied, we were the only guys who were able to do it. So even now if 
IDDM requirement, the IP requirement is there, there is no way we feel that any company 
can do it. Because we have done research for three to four years, very, very heavy research 
in this and it is very important that the IP in this company should be owned by India, we 
cannot have anybody else owning it because at the time of war, the software may fail. And 
you know, may means will, Murphy’s Law comes into operation in wars. So we have to 
ensure that these are completely India owned. And, and the third point was that we are 
doing a complete solution. It was hard kill a lot of people are saying, but where are they 
getting the remote control weapon station from? Where are they getting the weapons from? 
So all these are question marks, actually, in that, but we are, as one company, as one group, 
Zen and their subsidiaries are giving one integrated, comprehensive, non -negotiable 
solution. So I think that is what is the standing. But again, you are right in the sense there 
are a lot of claimants at this point in time. And because there is too much of decentralization 
happening in the armed forces, there may be some orders that the others are picking up. But 
[page 9]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
in terms of quality and the comprehensiveness of the solution, Zen is way ahead of the 
competition. Again, we think that if it is IDDM, where the government actually verifies the 
software, the electronics and the mechanical hardware, they will immediately know that 
Zen is the only serious player in this segment. 
Pritish Urumkar: Thank you sir. 
Moderator: We will now move to our next participant, Akshay Patel of AK Investment. Please unmute 
your microphone sir. 
Akshay Patel: Hello sir. Sir, my first question is regarding government procurement. So as you said that 
government is on the fast track procurement of defense equipment and our anti -drone 
system is one of them. So why are we not getting  orders since the Operation Sindoor and 
earlier we had talked about Rs.650 Crores of order flow in the first half that is getting 
delayed. So can we expect this in the second half of FY2026? 
Ashok Atluri: Yes, so the thing we are very positive Akshay that these orders will come through again. It 
is a matter of time and not whether we will get it or not. And, so that was those Rs.650 
Crores that we talked about were related to simulators and training equipment. So that has 
got pushed because of the government's focus on post -Operation Sindoor on operational 
equipment. And so that will come through, we are very sure. We were actually very sure 
that it will come by September 30th. But we were very wrong about the slowness with 
which things would happen. But now, they will definitely come in. So, there is no doubt 
about that. To your second question, why no orders with respect to even anti -drone 
systems? So, the thing is, anti-drone system tenders have just been floated. As we speak this 
is it is almost a week in terms of government time. May this thing happened, they started 
doing it in June, July, August. Now we are in September, it is the three or four months after 
the Operation Sindoor. But we think that in the next couple of months, most some of the 
results will come through and you will probably hear good news. If the government sticks 
to its own proposed timeline and this emergency procurement, typically even the delivery 
has to happen within 12 months or so. So I think we are waiting for the evaluations to be 
over, RFPs to be floated, evaluations to be open, orders to be placed. But they should 
happen in the next couple of months is what our expectation is. 
Akshay Patel: Ok, sir. And sir, my second question is, what is the total addressable market for simulators 
and anti-drone system, particularly in India? And my follow -up question on that would be 
when do you expect these segments, both these segments to get stagnant? That is when all 
the area will be covered by anti -drone systems or all the simulation has been placed. When 
do we expect this segment to be stagnant and since the growth will be flat tish over the how 
many years? 
[page 10]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Ashok Atluri: I think next four to five years, the growth will continue Akshay and two things. One is for 
simulator market simulators will be required, they will have a typical lifecycle of 10 years. 
And after 10 years, they need to buy again. So as we grow and keep supplying the 
simulators, I think the growth will keep happening but those old simulators are required to 
be refurnished. So there is a recycling of the market that is happening. Second is the anti -
drone system. Again, they also have a very limited life cycle of 10 years. But not only that, 
in addition to having a limited life cycle, they also, the threat is evolving in almost every 
year. When we started, everybody was saying that we want a soft kill. We do not want hard 
kill, they would say, where they said we are not worried about hard kill, only soft kill. And 
we made the soft kill system. And then they said, Listen, we want soft kill but now we also 
want autonomous, there are autonomous drones, when they ground control to drone, there is 
a communication link, we break it through jamming, but then the adversary came up with 
something called autonomous, I will not use the ground control, after it reaches the enemy 
destination, we will move into GPS, the drone will go through GPS and no ground control 
will be there, so the jamming will not work. So we had to come up with something called as 
GPS spoofing, we did the GPS spoofing. And then they then now they are coming up with 
something called as autonomous just not even GPS, they look at the waypoints, AI vision 
based drones. So now we have to do nothing but shoot them down. So our systems are 
evolving. So we think this cat and mouse game will come but they keep they will try to 
overcome us and we will try to overcome what they overcome so this thing will keep going 
on and the systems will be required every two to three years upgradation will be required 
almost like our PC or laptops I think this is going to be a continuous market for us. 
Moderator: Thank you sir. We have our next question coming in from Balasubramanian A. of Arihant 
Capital. Please go ahead with your question. 
Balasubramanian A: Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, my first question, you 
talked about AI. We are transforming through AI. Beyond using LLMs in simulators, what 
specific proprietary AI models you are developing for core products like anti -drone 
systems, especially for threat classifications or loitering munitions, it is like for autonomous 
targeting. How much of the increased R&D spend in H1 nearly Rs.12.3 Crores allocated 
specifically to this AI initiatives? 
Ashok Atluri: Yes, so AI has become a real obsession within the company. So when we look at AI, there 
are two types of AI we are talking about. One is within the company, how do you 
implement AI across processes, where you are buying or when you are trying, procurem ent, 
R&D, the operations, aftersales service, the CSB. So all this value chain, how do you apply 
the process so that things become more faster and the bottlenecks are resolved? So that is 
the process-based AI that we do. Second that you are alluding to is the product -based AI, 
where we put AI into the product. And for example, take simulators. One of the better, 
[page 11]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
when we are looking at simulators, the best way to train somebody in simulators is, one on 
one is what we would say the best kind of training is. So, we build that one on one training 
with the AI experts being developed into integrated system. So I think that is that is what 
we are trying to achieve, we will be able to do one on one expert. So unless the AI is 
integrated into the product, Once AI is integrated, what happens is, what is the best kind of 
training? This is a one on one training where an expert coaches a training. So that is the best 
kind of training. And the second thing is, how do we ensure that so AI is that kind of a 
coach, if there are 100 people, it will detect what is th is guy's weakness, and it will be able 
to coach the guy as an expert. So similarly, in anti -drone systems also threat classification, 
everything is being integrated in a large way. So we are actually eating, drinking, breathing 
air at this point in time, we are at a very, very basic level, the AI is completely integrated. 
Sorry, Bala, please go ahead with your next question. 
Balasubramanian A: Yes, sir. So my second question for that equipment order book nearly Rs.346 Crores, but 
the major execution is happening in Q3 only. And any further like significant new orders 
are we are expecting, especially for new anti -drones? And what is our current production 
capacities? 
Ashok Atluri: So we have adequate again remember Bala we do not do most of our production in -house 
we have a value chain that addresses the production issues. So we have enough bandwidth 
within the supply chain that to execute the order. So we do not think there is any constraint 
there. With respect to the order book, yes, I think in H2 we will be executing considerable 
part of the order book that we have. And we see some more accretions also happening. And 
whatever accretions are happening, we will try to execute them also. So I think that way H2 
will also be, it will not be as good as last year, but it will be muted. The whole year will be 
muted. But again, we think that 2027-2028 will more than make up for the deficiency in the 
current year. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We have our next question coming in from Bhawna Singh of Yes Securities. 
Please go ahead with your question. 
Bhawna Singh: Yes, thank you so much for taking my question. First is I obviously would like to 
understand the muted macroenvironment that we are sitting on with the product mix that we 
have. So what is the expectation in terms of, a product mix, kind of an outlook maybe for a 
mix between simulator and anti -drone system or with the new acquisitions that we have 
done, is it that we are trying to pivot in terms of a product mix segment? You did mention 
earlier in the call that Rs.650 Crores simulator order was expected which is obviously 
pushed to sometimes for the next quarter or so. So one is obviously trying to understand on 
the product mix for this year that we should look at it probably the guidance that you have 
[page 12]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
given out for Rs.6000 Crores of a top line say, in the next two years or so. So what would 
lead the contribution or which product would lead the contribution over there? 
Ashok Atluri: Thanks, Bhawna. So, in terms of product mix, we are looking only between simulators and 
anti-drone systems and the simulators would be across three services and anti -drone system 
again Indian and foreign, India and exports, Indian armed forces and friendly allied nations 
and simulators also similarly domestic and international markets. So what you are saying 
out of the Rs.6000 Crores , what would be the breakup between simulator and anti -drone 
systems, I will make a very wild guess, and so I may be off the mark. But typically, we are 
thinking, we are thinking 40 –60, but now we are starting to think maybe it is 50 -50 kind of 
thing. So it is evolving situation, but the pipeline for the anti -drone systems has become 
very strong post -Operation Sindoor and I think that is going to lead the demand for the 
product that we have. With respect to, are we going to pivot to something else because of 
the acquisitions or not? They are very, very, focused acquisitions. And very frankly, first 25 
years of our existence, you are just focused on one line that was your training simulator for 
the Army, not even for the Navy or Air Force. We were just doing that. Now, after that, we 
added the second line, which was you know, anti -drone systems. And again, that has been 
eight years and we are not really, we are trying to consolidate. So what we feel is that 
whenever you are, if you are in a field in which you have some lead and some kind of a 
leadership position and there is a lot of markets still left untapped. Do not try to make 
yourself spread over many avenues. So we really want to go deep into these things, 
simulation and anti -drone systems and we do not want to pivot unless there is a very, very 
good acquisition that has deep capabilities and can help us have a leadership plan to become 
a global number one or number two in the next three to five years. We do not want to really 
pivot. So the short answer is that we will go deeper into what we have because these 
markets have a lot of potential. Somebody was asking the, addressable market, again, we 
think a couple of billion dollars in both the cases, at the minimum markets are there, and we 
want to exploit those markets rather than spread, go across something else. 
Bhawna Singh: So just to follow up on that, obviously as you mentioned, but if you probably can give a 
little bit overview on what is the mix that you are probably looking to have even on the 
geographic side of it, be domestic or exports. Earlier on the call, I think sometime last 
quarter, you did mention that H2 probably will pivot more towards export oriented 
segments. So just like to probably understand on how you are placed for the year in terms of 
the order pipeline and for the next year on that front. 
Ashok Atluri: So, again, in terms of geographic focus, we have, Africa is one region that we really focus 
on, we are looking at Middle East, we are looking at CIS countries and now with our 
acquisition of ARI, they have a very strong presence in Southeast Asia, we are leveraging 
their connections there and they have office in Singapore. So we are trying to leverage that 
[page 13]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
to actually get entry into those markets. So we think that, again, the efforts, H2 in the efforts 
are being accelerated. And we do hope that between H2 and H1 of next year, there will be 
very, very some very nice pleasant surprises in exports market and we will get a lot of 
revenues in that regard. So again, we think simulator is our big part of the exports demand 
that we are getting, but also anti -drone systems, we see a lot of inquiries coming. So again, 
this will be a mix of both the anti -drone systems and simulators, which will be leading our 
efforts into exports. Thank you. 
Moderator: We have our next question coming in from Rupesh Tatiya of Long Equity Partners. Please 
go ahead with your question. 
Rupesh Tatiya: Yes, hello sir, am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes sir. 
Rupesh Tatiya: Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Just following up on the previous participant's 
question. So you said 50 -50, Rs.6000 Crores order book, rough guess is 50 -50, but is it fair 
to say that the competitive landscape in simulator is very favorable, but the competitive 
landscape in counter-drone system may worsen? So the margin profile will be significantly 
different? Any qualitative or quantitative comment if you can provide around the margins of 
the two segments? 
Ashok Atluri: Again, I think just to explain to you, you know the value cap, where does the value capture 
come, where do the margins come from is deep R&D. If you are actually done a 
tremendous amount of R&D in a product, and you are able to offer features, and you are 
able to give them at a price which is the best in the world though to the customer I think 
customer is willing to pay so what we are saying is these margins that we have are in 
competition with the similar kind of system that are being done and now how much they 
have spent R&D typically their cost of actually achieving this system is much, much higher 
than what we are able to gain, and we operate very efficiently, R&D is very efficient, our 
productions are very efficient. So all these also add up to the savings that are there, which 
are not possible with two other companies. And for example, we know one very large 
company that has got about six vendors together to offer an offering that we were given. 
Again, it is a broken system that they are offering. But the fact is, everybody is adding their 
margins and finally, by the time they come and actually compete with us, they will not be 
able to become cost competitive to us. And, even if they are trying to match us, they would 
not have any margins. So these margins are because we have created deep R&D and in -
house R&D. So I think that is why we are able to think and so to your question, the answer 
is that these margins are sustainable, at least in the next couple of years, we do not see any 
threat of margins being compromised. But aga in I will let the market speak in the next two 
[page 14]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
and three years and let us see how, how again, again, you are right in the sense that if they 
become very aggressive, we will also become very aggressive and try to compete with 
them. But as of now, we see no threat to the margins that we are having. 
Rupesh Tatiya: Okay and sir counter drone system tailwinds, I think I understand and most of us understand 
based on what is happening around the world. But what, what is the, what are like two, 
three things that are driving this big order inflow in the simulator segment? Because I do 
not think we have ever seen such large quantum of orders in simulators. So what is driving 
this? 
Ashok Atluri: So Rupesh, what has changed is this , five years back, the wars were not happening at all. I 
mean, there were no wars , people were not, before Armenia, Azerbaijan, nobody was even 
thinking about war, somebody said, what happens with war, they did not want to prepare for 
war. And then you know, Armenia, Azerbaijan happened, then Russia, Ukraine happened. 
Now, everybody is wishing to go for a war, right was saying that 17 or 18 skirmishes or 
wars, battles going on in the world. And who would have imagined Thailand and Cambodia 
fighting? So, the thing is, now war is no longer looking like a distant fantasy, but it is 
knocking right at the door of every nation. And for that, they need to prepare, they need to 
be really trained efficiently in a shorter time and in a continuous manner. So preparation for 
war is no longer an option, but an absolute necessity for every nation at this point in time. 
So this shift of, wars happening, potential threats, somebody coming and attacking them is 
very real. And that is why we see the simulator, the tailwinds in the case, as you said, for 
anti-drone systems, they are also there for training and similar simulation equipment. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We have our next question coming in from Dipen Vakil of Phillip Capital. 
Please go ahead with your question. 
Dipen Vakil: Hi sir, challenging times but EBITDA margin resilience has been something which is 
positive. Sir my first question is, in this quarter out of Rs.94 Crores worth of new order 
wins, almost Rs.90 Crores have been from your subsidiaries. So can you tell us about which 
subsidiaries are contributing to such order wins and the kind of execution that we can 
expect from subsidiaries also going forward and the kind of split that is there in the order 
book right now. So Rs.675 Crores between say equipment, AMC and subsidiaries. 
Ashok Atluri: Yes, I will let Afzal handle it. 
Afzal Malkani: So if you say, Dipen, so total order book position is on a consolidated basis, it is under 
Rs.675 Crores, out of which Rs.375 Crores is equipment and remaining is for the AMC. 
Out of this Rs.675 Crores order book Rs.484 is Zen, UTS is around Rs.98 Crores, ARIPL is 
[page 15]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
around Rs.92 Crores and Vector is around Rs.1 Crores. So total subsidiaries is Rs.190 
Crores. 
Dipen Vakil: Got it sir. So also recently there was some news flow around so basically an RFP for 
something like your Prahastha product so any progress or any RFP that has come out for 
your product on that front? 
Ashok Atluri: Yes we have some RFPs that have come up again, for various reasons, we cannot really get 
into that. But they are largely anti -drone systems tenders have come out and they are 
actually kind of, going to increase in size and the size are pretty big. But again, not now, but 
in 27, I think the size of the orders are going to be very, very big. And we expect that the 
demand, especially in the anti -drone segment is going to be huge. But again, simulators 
also, they are going to be huge. To your question, yes, there are some new tenders that have 
come up. 
Moderator: Thank you sir. We will take our next question from Akshay Jogani of Xponent Tribe. 
Please go ahead with your question. 
Akshay Jogani: Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions on the drone side. Sir, a few days ago 
you gave a press release of getting a contact for a hard kill system. Can you just give some 
color on what exactly in terms of, is it a full system and what are the specs of that particular 
hard kill system that we are supplying? 
Ashok Atluri: So, I will not go much into details. But typically the system consists of detector, jammer, 
radar, electronic optic, which is the camera, and then a hard kill weapon, that is a remote 
control weapon station, and the actual weapon which is required. So all this put together 
make up the system and we are able to supply we were able to win the thing again, this was 
a typically single vendor situation, resulting single, nobody else could even come up with 
the offer to the government. So this is what the configuration was. 
Akshay Jogani: Sure. So this is one system or multiple systems? 
Ashok Atluri: Please come again. 
Akshay Jogani: So this was one system like this is connected to one L70 gun or is it like multiple? 
Ashok Atluri: It was not L70, it was some other weapon. 
Akshay Jogani: But one, this is a one system. 
[page 16]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Ashok Atluri: Yes, I am not sure about it. Maybe it must be two systems or something like that. Not sure 
about the quantity. 
Akshay Jogani: Sure. The reason I am asking is I sort of want to kind of extrapolate to get a sense of kind of 
how, because we have a bunch of air defense guns, right? And we, the conversations are to 
kind of retrofit these systems to the air defense guns as a hard kill system, right? So the 
objective of kind of asking this is, if we have 1000 guns that you have to attach this one to 
multiple is sort of what? 
Ashok Atluri: Yes, so again we have already integrated our system with the L70. It has been proven so it 
has been, it actually on trials to shoot down  or shot down and been used at many places. So 
the ability to integrate with air defense guns is proven in the case of Zen simulators. Do you 
know to for you to say, listen, these many guns are there. So if all get integrated, what is the 
size of the market pertaining for a two air defense gun , then  simulator, then anti-drone 
systems, I think it is a little difficult exercise to do. So we will, but one thing we know is 
that we are, we know, L70 Zen is the only company that has the mainstay of air defense, 
Zen is the only company that is integrated and demonstrated to the armed forces. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We will take our next question from Harshit Kapadia of Elara Capital. 
Please unmute your microphone. 
Harshit Kapadia: Yes, hi, am I audible? And I know it is a tough time, sir, but margins remains to be healthy 
and we think the order book should see some ramp up going forward. In relation to that, just 
wanted to check with you, sir, we were expecting the simulator order for Rs.600 Crores to 
Rs. 650 odd Crores. Now, considering what you understand, do you think what will happen 
in Q3 or Q4? What could be your best guess? Or could there be a slippage going to 
FY2027? 
Ashok Atluri: No, sir I think the orders will definitely come in H2, we are very confident about that. And 
so there were not only these orders, there are some other orders that have to come through. 
And we see that the government is now, again, because of this emergency procurement 
push, we are not able to really commit by when they will get the order. But we think it will 
be sooner than later. But given the experience of H2, our confidence level, we are kind of a 
little reticent to actually give it with so much of confidence. But I think orders are on track 
and we should be getting them, sooner than later, probably, but definitely naturally, there is 
no question of it spilling out to 2027. 
Harshit Kapadia: Great, so great to know this. Secondly, sir, you mentioned about emergency procurement, 
any clarity by when do you expect the emergency procurement orders or any announcement 
[page 17]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
to happen or has it also started? Secondly, what could be the size of order that Zen could get 
within the emergency procurement? Any tentative idea would be of great help. 
Ashok Atluri: So, one thing is each size, each order should be less than Rs.300 Crores because this 
emergency procurement, the size is typically limited to less than Rs.300 Crores and 
especially if it is within the, IFS power, which is the vice chief in this case. And the second 
one is with respect to when the orders will be concluded, I think they have to be concluded 
before March of 2026, unless there is extension given to the EP. But it may happen even 
earlier in some of the cases but not later than March 2026. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. Our next question is coming in from Shrenik Mehta of Indoalps 
Wealth. Please go ahead with your question. 
Shrenik Mehta: Hi, you can hear me? 
Moderator: Yes. 
Shrenik Mehta: So my question was about the ADS orders that you received and also some media reports 
which were showing that a large part of these orders are going more to the defense 
companies like BEL and DRDO compared to the private companies like Zen. So we get 
orders probably for faster deployment areas. And the BEL and the DRDOs are probably 
getting orders for the bigger deployments which are not very time critical. Do you have 
some comments which reflect on what is really happening here? 
Ashok Atluri: So, anti-drone systems, I think we are in a very good position. Any end user who is very 
serious about protecting the border or whatever it is, if they really dig deep, there is only 
one company that can actually deliver a very serious system that is Zen Technologies. And 
with respect to DRDO, typically the orders are placed on BEL, because DRDO is the R&D 
organization, very rarely orders are placed on DRDO, except for maybe trial or something. 
But BEL would be the when they get it, I do not think they are getting anything in this area, 
but they are getting a lot of other orders. But again, one of the benefits of being, public 
sector is that you can place you get direct orders from the government. So that is a plus 
point that they have, which we do not have because even though under IDDM, we get 
single vendor benefits but most of the time we will never be nominated so yes but an anti -
drone systems again I think we are by far the best solution available in India and most of the 
other places and so that is the answer. Please go ahead with your next question. 
Shrenik Mehta: So we are looking little worried about the scale up to Rs.6000 Crores in three years’ time. 
This will really mean that from something like Rs.100 Crores order in a quarter, we will 
have to scale next year to maybe Rs.500 Crores in a quarter and then going forward to 
[page 18]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Rs.750 Crores in a quarter. So that kind of scale up looks very difficult if you look at what 
is happening in the last 3 -4 quarters. Is it more like a hope that we will get to the Rs.6000 
Crores by FY2028 cumulatively or is it you feel that there is a very strong reality that it 
could happen? 
Ashok Atluri: So the two things Shrenik, one is the will we get the order book, will the order book scale 
up to that? And second is your will you be able to execute the orders? So I think the first is 
given the pipeline that we have with the order pipeline is very, very strong, and we should 
be able to get it. Second is as we speak, we are scaling ourselves to execute these large 
orders, whether you are saying exactly, it is Rs.500 Crores and Rs. 750 Crores per quarter, 
that is a very, very strong order. And given the fact that we have done Rs.250 Crores – Rs. 
300 Crores, let us not take this as an exception, but we have done Rs.250 Crores - Rs.300 
Crores, will we be able to scale to Rs.500 Crores? I think that is easy. 750 would require 
some changes, but we are hopeful that we will be able to achieve that. 
Moderator: Thank you so much sir. We will take our last question for the day from Abhijeet Singh of 
Systematix. Please go ahead with your question.  
Abhijeet Singh: So my question is, like in drones, we have capabilities that we can define in terms of 
altitude, endurance, payload, etc. Similarly, in terms of counter drones, is there any 
objective capability that we can define in general to understand the competitive landscape 
that we are operating in, both in the domestic market as well as exports. So right now, what 
I understand is that we are working on solutions which will counter the capabilities of our 
main adversary. But like going forward, if we talk about the global landscape, what are the 
capabilities that we are looking at, adding to our portfolio to be able to compete. 
Ashok Atluri: In the anti-drone segment, Abhijeet, we look at, distance and how far can you detect it and 
how can you disable the incoming drones? And what are the different ways you can do? 
Can you do, jamming? Can you do spoofing? Can you do actually hard kill? Can you shoot 
them down? So these are the different characteristics that that are there. And then there also 
what kind of frequency ranges you can do. So initially, it was just commercial drones, then 
it became from, 400 to 6 gigahertz. But now when I went to the DSEI, we know that our 
adversaries are procuring drones in the, 100 megahertz, 200 megahertz categories. So those 
drones are not detectable by the previous anti drone systems. So how do we make our anti -
drone systems that are capable of detecting drones from 100 megahertz all the way to 12 
gigahertz, that is the kind of, drones that were being purchased by our adversaries. So these 
are the capabilities that we be able to jam them and bring them down. So those are number 
one, that is the thing that we are looking at. Globally, when we are looking at what we think 
is that the game is changing now in the sense that the detection capabilities will be vastly 
different at some point in time. For example, we are talking about incoming drone at a 
[page 19]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
height of 10,000 or 20,000 feet. But what happens if a mother ship, which is very large and 
flies at 45,000 to  50,000 feet, it comes just above us and then leaves a lot of drones down. 
So how do we handle those kind of drones? So these kind of threats are emerging. And 
companies like Zen are really, really preoccupied with how to solve these issues. And that 
is one of the reasons I am saying that, if you as a country, you will have to buy it from 
Indian companies, because that is the only way that you will be able to upgrade when the 
problem peaks. If you were to buy something from a foreign company, and you go to them 
and say, listen, this is not working, the new threat has emerged, will you upgrade me? They 
are saying, sorry, you have to buy a new system, or they will just refuse to upgrade if there 
is a war going on. So this is a capability that the Indian government should really, really 
focus on trying to get it solved with indigenous technologies. 
Abhijeet Singh: Right, sir. Sir just a last question. So in line with the first question, are we looking to partner 
with some global company or a technology provider in order to scale up to these higher 
frequencies and adding up more capabilities? So is there a plan in that sense or the plan is to 
do a significant amount of R&D and IP in-house? 
Ashok Atluri: So the thing is, Abhijeet that these capabilities are already there what I am talking about the 
drones of 100 to 12 gigahertz all these capabilities are already , there which most of the 
companies in the world do not have. So when we are looking to if you were to partner with 
somebody what are we going to partner for? We do not need the technology and not only 
that, as we speak now, we are working on more futuristic technologies, which other people 
may not even be wondering that this is a threat which should be coming up in the future. So, 
we are working already in those technologies. But to be very frank, if India needs us to 
partner with somebody because that technology is not available with zen, we would be open 
to it but we are looking for such an opportunity where the technology that we do not have 
somebody else has and we can partner with them. But as of now, again, we are way ahead 
of the game and we are still investing in more futuristic R&D. And, let ’s hope that, we as 
India are able to export this to our friendly nations. But again, to your question, if there is 
some capability that Zen does not have and the country needs, we will be willing to partner 
with a technology partner to deliver the solution to them. Again, we would like to 
indigenize that solution rather than being their manufacturing coolie and keep 
manufacturing for them. We would definitely learn to partner with them because Zen is 
very strong technically and if some technology partner comes we would do R&D with them 
to create the next version of their product , which would be much much stronger than what 
they were to do by themselves. So I think yes we are open to technical partnership as long 
as it is a technological partnership not a relationship of master -slave kind of a thing where 
they throw the technology at us and ask us to manufacture. We do not do that thing but 
definitely we will collaborate on doing R&D together. 
[page 20]
    Zen Technologies Limited 
October 27, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I will now hand it 
over back to Ashok sir for the concluding remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Ashok Atluri: Thank you, friends. Thanks for being patient and asking questions. I really appreciate 
shareholders who continue to be with Zen, thick and thin. And we think that the big picture 
is playing out now, the version two of the growth, the way dot-com bust happened, and then 
the actual companies came up. The version two of the defense thing is coming up and 
which are the companies that will really flourish are the companies that have the in -house 
R&D, not just the partnering and doing a jugaadu job for each tender, but actually having a 
long-term strategy to develop some deep capabilities in some verticals, which is what Zen is 
doing and I think we will be big beneficiaries of the government's focus on IDDM, 
indigenous IP, and we will also be significantly addressing friendly nations from India and 
do a good job of exports, both in simulators and anti-drone systems. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Zen Technologies Limited, that concludes today's conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now click the L eave icon to exit the meeting. Thank 
you all for your participation. 
