[page 1]
ESCONET TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Formerly Esconet Technologies Private Limited 
Reg. Off. D – 147, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – I, New Delhi, India – 110020 
Phone: +91.11.42299700 | E-mail: cs@esc.co.in 
Web: www.esc.co.in 
CIN: L62099DL2012PLC233739 
 
 
 
Date: Thursday, 18th December 2025 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051. 
 
Sub: Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 regarding Press 
Release titled “ Esconet Technologies’ Hexadata Server Models Receive Red Hat Hardware 
Certiﬁcation” 
 
REF: NSE SYMBOL: ESCONET 
ISIN: INE0RQZ01017 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are pleased to inform that one of our HexaData Server has been 
successfully Received Red Hat Hardware Certiﬁcation. 
 
A sperate sheet containing detailed Press Release is attached herewith as Annexure citing the brief details. 
 
Exchange is requested to take note of the same in records. 
 
For and Behalf of 
Esconet Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rajnish Pandey 
Company Secretary & Compliance OƯicer 
Membership No.: ACS – 67445 

[page 2]
 
ESCONET TECHNOLOGIES’ HEXADATA SERVER MODELS RECEIVE RED HAT 
HARDWARE CERTIFICATION 
• Certification to strengthen HexaData’s position as a trusted, compliant, and enterprise -ready 
server OEM 
• Red Hat –certified hardware a mandatory/preferred requirement for data centers, mission -
critical workloads, and long-term IT deployments in India 
 
New Delhi, December 18, 2025: 
 
Esconet Technologies Limited, a leading homegrown integrated IT solutions company, today said that 
its HexaData server model - HD-RS2200 has been awarded the ‘certified status’ by Red Hat. The Red 
Hat certification is expected to significantly enhance HexaData’s visibility in enterprise and PSU 
procurement searches, drive future inquiries, and accelerate order conversions by meeting a core 
compliance requirement for large institutional buyers across India. 
 
Building on this success, the company has initiated certification and validation activities for additional 
operating systems and enterprise platforms, further expanding customer choice and deployment 
flexibility. 
 
This certification is particularly critical for Enterprises, Government departments, and Public Sector 
Undertakings (PSUs) in India, where Red Hat –certified hardware is a mandatory or preferred 
requirement for data centers, mission -critical workloads, and long -term IT deployments. Red Hat 
certification ensures proven interoperability, adherence to global best practices, predictable lifecycle 
management, and trusted enterprise support —all of which are key decision factors for PSU and 
regulated enterprise procurements. 
 
Commenting on the development, Mr. Santosh Agrawal, Managing Director, Esconet Technologies, 
said, “This certificate from Red Hat is testament to the hard work and dedicated efforts of HexaData’ s 
Hardware Certification and Engineering teams, whose rigorous validation and testing processes have 
ensured full compliance with Red Hat standards. At Esconet, we continuously strive to provide cutting-
edge solutions to companies across sectors to enable them to stay ahead in the ever-evolving technology 
landscape. We have already initiated certification and validation activities for additional operating 
systems and enterprise platforms so as to be able to  further expand customer choice and deployment 
flexibility.” 
 
New Delhi -headquartered Esconet Technologies manufactures high -performance supercomputers, 
data servers and workstations, besides providing a comprehensive range of IT solutions to SMEs, large 
organizations, and public sector clients, including data storage, networks, security, virtualization, and 
data protection. Recognizing the burgeoning demand in the Indian market, Esconet introduced its brand, 
HexaData, specializing in high -end Servers, Workstations, and storage systems through the Make in 
India initiative. Furthermore, Esconet's strategic collab oration with NVIDIA has propelled remarkable 
growth in the AI and ML domain, enhancing their servers and workstations. 
 
For detailed information please visit:  
https://catalog.redhat.com/en/hardware/system/detail/297287#certifications  
[page 3]
 
ABOUT THE COMPANY: 
 
Founded in 2012 by second -generation entrepreneurs Santosh Kumar Agrawal and Sunil Kumar 
Agrawal, Esconet has been forging fruitful partnerships to deliver innovative and resilient IT solutions. 
The company counts renowned global technology firms - AMD, Am azon Web Services, Cisco, Dell 
Technologies, HP Enterprises, Intel, Microsoft, Nutanix, NVIDIA, Sophos, Suse One, Trend Micro, and 
Veeam, among its technology partners. Its prestigious clientele includes the Ministry of Defence, 
National Informatics Centre  (MeitY), National Informatics Centre Services Inc (MeitY), IIT, Bharat 
Electronics Limited, ONGC, Engineers India Limited and many others. 
 
For more information about the Company please visit: https://www.esc.co.in/  
