[page 1]
ESCONET TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Formerly Esconet Technologies Private Limited 
Reg. Off. D – 147, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – I, New Delhi, India – 110020 
Phone: +91.11.42299700 | E-mail: cs@esc.co.in 
Web: www.esc.co.in 
CIN: L62099DL2012PLC233739 
 
 
 
 
Monday, 9th February 2026 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
– Initiation of discussions for proposed third-party investments in Wholly Owned Subsidiary Zeacloud Services 
Private Limited 
 
REF: NSE SYMBOL: ESCONET 
ISIN: INE0RQZ01017 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”), we hereby inform that Esconet Technologies Limited  (“the Company”) has initiated preliminary 
discussions with a third-party strategic/financial investor through Merino Consulting Services Limited  in relation to a 
proposed investments in its existing Wholly Owned Subsidiary, Zeacloud Services Private Limited (“WOS”). 
 
The proposed investments is envisaged to be undertaken through issuance of fresh equity shares by Zeacloud Services 
Private Limited, which, upon completion and subject to necessary approvals and finalization of definitive agreements, 
may result in dilution of the Company’s shareholding in the subsidiary. 
 
The proposed fund infusion is intended to support the subsidiary’s expansion plans, enhancement of cloud infrastructure, 
strengthening of technology capabilities, business growth initiatives and working capital requirements. The discussions 
are presently exploratory and non-binding in nature, and no definitive agreement has been executed as on date.  
 
The Company shall make appropriate disclosures upon execution of binding agreements and receipt of requisite approvals 
from the Board of Directors, shareholders and regulatory authorities, wherever applicable, in accordance with applicable 
laws and SEBI LODR Regulations. 
 
Further details regarding this disclosure are provided in Annexure A , in compliance with SEBI Circular 
CIR/CFD/CMD/4/2015 dated September 9, 2015. 
 
The Exchange is requested to take the above information on record. 
 
For and Behalf of 
Esconet Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rajnish Pandey 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: ACS – 67445 

[page 2]
ESCONET TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Formerly Esconet Technologies Private Limited 
Reg. Off. D – 147, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – I, New Delhi, India – 110020 
Phone: +91.11.42299700 | E-mail: cs@esc.co.in 
Web: www.esc.co.in 
CIN: L62099DL2012PLC233739 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE A 
Detailed Disclosure in Compliance with SEBI Circular CIR/CFD/CMD/4/2015 dated September 9, 2015. 
 
Sr. No. Particulars Details 
1 Name of the target entity, details 
in brief such as size, turnover etc. 
Zeacloud Services Private Limited, a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Esconet 
Technologies Limited, engaged in cloud infrastructure, hosting services, managed 
services and enterprise technology solutions. The subsidiary operates as part of 
the Company’s cloud and digital infrastructure business vertical. 
2 Name of the entity(ies) proposing 
to acquire / invest 
A prospective third-party strategic/financial investor, discussions being 
facilitated through Merino Consulting Services Limited. The identity of the 
investor is presently confidential and subject to ongoing preliminary discussions 
and commercial evaluation. 
3 Whether the acquisition would 
fall within related party 
transaction(s) and whether 
promoter/promoter group/group 
companies have any interest 
Based on information currently available, the proposed investment is not 
expected to fall within the ambit of related party transactions. Neither the 
promoter nor promoter group nor group companies have any interest in the 
prospective investor. This assessment may be revisited upon identification and 
finalization of the investor entity. 
4 Industry to which the entity 
belongs 
Cloud Infrastructure, Data Hosting, Managed Services, Enterprise IT 
Infrastructure and Digital Platform Support Services 
5 Objects and effects of acquisition 
/ investment 
The proposed investment, if materialized, is intended to strengthen the capital 
base of the subsidiary and support expansion of cloud infrastructure, 
enhancement of technology platforms, scaling of service capabilities, market 
expansion and working capital requirements. The investment may enable 
accelerated growth of the cloud business vertical of the Company. 
6 Brief details of consideration The investment is proposed to be made through subscription to fresh equity 
shares of Zeacloud Services Private Limited. 
 
Commercial terms including investment amount, valuation, rights and 
obligations, and other transaction conditions are under discussion and have 
not yet been finalized. 
7 Percentage of shareholding / 
control to be acquired and/or 
number of shares 
Not determined at present. The exact percentage of shareholding to be held by 
the investor shall be decided upon conclusion of negotiations and execution of 
definitive agreements. The Company’s shareholding in the subsidiary may dilute; 
however, it is presently intended that Zeacloud Services Private Limited shall 
continue to remain a subsidiary of the Company, subject to final transaction 
structure. 
8 Brief background about the entity Zeacloud Services Private Limited provides cloud deployment, infrastructure 
management, hosting and enterprise support services to customers across 
sectors. The subsidiary forms part of the Company’s strategic expansion into 
digital infrastructure and cloud services ecosystem. 
9 Stage of transaction The matter is at a preliminary and exploratory discussion stage only. No binding 
agreement, term sheet or commitment has been executed as on date. 
10 Any other relevant information The proposed transaction is subject to completion of due diligence, commercial 
negotiations, execution of definitive agreements and receipt of necessary 
corporate and regulatory approvals.  
 
The Company shall make appropriate disclosures upon occurrence of any 
material development in accordance with applicable provisions of SEBI LODR 
Regulations. 
 
