=== A1 EXTRACTION HEADER ===
source_filename: concall_maxind_q1fy27.txt
doctype: concall
page_count_pdfinfo: N/A (text source, not a PDF)
formfeed_count: N/A (text source, not a PDF)
line_count: 141
unit_convention: Crores
conversion_factor_to_cr: Crores -> x1 (management speaks in Rs Crores throughout; figures stated as "crores" or "cr" are already in Rs Crores; note: source is an auto-transcribed verbatim text and contains transcription artefacts, e.g. "40 1.3" intended as "41.3", "AITA" likely intended as "EBITDA", "68.6 crores" etc. — these are extracted verbatim, uncorrected)
ocr_pages: none (text source, no OCR performed or needed)
page_coverage: 100% - text source, single continuous transcript, full capture (opening remarks + Q&A + closing remarks, lines 1-141, no gaps)
detected_quarter: Q1 FY27
extraction_date: 2026-08-12
=== END HEADER ===

[page 1]
     1  MAX INDIA LIMITED — Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL
     2  Source: Operator-supplied transcript (verbatim), auto-transcribed. Speaker attributions approximate.
     3  Company: Max India Limited (MAXIND) | Quarter: Q1 FY27 (quarter ended 30 June 2026)
     4  
     5  Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FI27 earnings conference call hosted by Max India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listenon only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing start then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference has been recorded. I now have the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Mahata MD and CEO from Max India Limited. Thank you and over to you sir.
     6  
     7  Thank you. Namaste everybody. A very good morning to all of you. On behalf of Max India Limited and we extend a very warm welcome to all of you for the Q1 FI27 earnings call. Sincerely thank you for your continued support, your trust, your confidence which keeps us encouraging to undertake this journey in a very fast evolving sector. Really appreciate your time for joining us today and let me share a few few updates. But before that I have with me my colleague Rashan Karna who's the CEO for Antara Citric Services. AJal who's the deputy CEO CFO Antara Senior Living and head of investor relations. Sepatak who's the CFO for Max India and also the legal council for Max Group. Ankit who's the CFO for Antara Assisted Car Bishek Singh who's part of our IR team and Dave Raj uh from G and Rahul as well who are IR advisers. We uploaded the deck yesterday. So hopefully all of you have had a chance to go through it. I think if I start with what happened in the last quarter has been just execution, execution, execution. We've been focused on executing and therefore you're able to see now green shoots in all parts of the business. Would like to inform you that uh after a long long wait, we have now issued offer of possessions to all our 340 residents in Anhara Noa. in the month of June 2026. This is something we have been waiting for. This is a very important milestone in Anthara's journey. We'll be operationalizing the first community in NCR. While we have many many learnings from the Adu, this is going to be quite different for us as well. Uh 340 units, 200 300 people moving in the next 30 to 45 days is going to be a vibrant and buzzing community. We raised a demand of about 169 crores with the office of position. uh 30 odd crores were collected in within June. So the rest has now come you know most of it in in July and August uh as on date approximately 75% of total dues have been collected. The rest are becoming due now and we should be able to collect them as well. Uh we have started to you know already put the team together. There are some people we have seconded from Derdun to make sure the learnings and the culture of Derun you know also permeates into NOA. Uh and we'll be ready to welcome the residents you know in a few weeks from now. Uh after that the focus will now shift to saying that can we go ahead and get the approval for phase 2 which is where we realize most of our profits just to remind you while the average prices at which we sold NOA was between 7,000 to 10,000 the last hill being 11,000 or so uh the rates have moved significantly up and they are in the range of 16,000 18,000 plus so hopefully when we launch phase we should be able to realize the profits as well. We continue to focus on growth of other geographies. I know some of you will be waiting impatiently saying why haven't we announced more growth but we are in the last stages of diligence for a wonderful opportunity in Bangalore. It's about you know you know uh about 200 odd units. Uh it's in North Bangalore 25 minutes from from the airport in Dan Hali overlooking the Nami Hills at the back. uh potential realization about 900 crores in terms of sales value. We've uh in the last stage of diligence now uh with the developer so let's see how that goes. Also aggressively working on a beautiful opportunity in Zeradun. We have had a long waiting list. We don't have inventory to sell. We have found a small piece of land. It might be just uh you know less than 150 unit but given the sales price we are commanding the sales value will be again 850 to 900 crores. So if you look at our 1 1.5 million square ft² ambition about 1,800 crores of of value that we should be able to achieve with these two but we are still working on some more geographies as well but these two are very specific so I thought I'll mention them to you. We also in dialogue with you know people in Chennai, Chandigar and Lucknau but as these two we know will help us meet the the commitment for this year and obviously we'll provide disclosure and more details once we execute the definitive documents. The expansion in assisted care is exactly as per plan. The occupancy in 485 beds uh is gradually increasing uh and is giving us confidence to explore further expansion sometime later part of the year. Uh AG is also growing steadily. Whatever teething issues we have faced with our D2C channel or marketplace is now behind us and I will share some numbers with you as we go forward. Uh the efforts are to make sure we are able to manage the inventory days given the current geopolitical situation. That is something that come under pressure because of logistics cost and the ships not being available to bring the material from China. But that is something we are focusing on and deploying you know capital very prudently. We are very clear in our focus in terms of scalability and achieving profitability and demonstrating cost to profitability and I will share some numbers as I go forward to to substantiate what I'm saying. If you look at the console numbers uh the revenue grew u Q1 FI27 stood at 68.6 crores compared to 40 1.3 crores in Q1 FI26 representing a Y-on Y growth of 66%. On a sequential basis, my revenues marginally decline primarily due to the lumpy you know uh way the DM income comes to us. The AITA loss for Q1 FI27 stood at 25 crores compared to 23.2 in Q1 FI26 and 6.8 Q426 while revenue decline in agency due to cyclical you know impact uh uh the profitability decline was primarily due to the impact of the exceptional DMP received in the previous quarter reflecting the lumpy nature of this this revenue. If I give you some numbers for comparison if I look at FI 25 uh 24 and 26 the revenue on consolid basis was 175 and 245 and 25 and 119 26 revenue grew the beta was 57 in FI24 139 and 25 and 121 in 26. The reason between 24 and 25 was basically we put up 250 beds and also launched a but as you can see now as the revenues increasing the AIA losses are now coming down. So this is a demonstration of us our commitment to work towards profitability. Uh as of June 30th 2026 the treasury assets and max India level stood at about 21 crores with a consolid 372 crores. Now coming to residences uh starting withun the operations continue to be profitable. Uh we continue to focus on deeper engagement with our with our residents. Cost optimization and profitability. Operating revenue was 6.2 crores in Q1 FI27 which is 1.1 times Y and Y basis. Marginly down by 7 lakhs primarily due to club membership. These are all cyclical things will catch up. Uh but our operation profit was a shape better 92 which is up 2.3 times Y and Y and 1.2 * Q1 Q. The driven by continued cost optimization. There were four units which were released which gave us additional revenue approximately 1.9 crores in marketing fee and the community is now fully occupied quite stable. Therefore the growth will be linear in the future. Coming to Guram which was the first intergenerational project in Guram estate 360 developed by Max Estates fully sold out collection continues to be strong 22.5 crores taking the ITD collection to 556 cr. with a collection efficiency of 87% from inception till June 26 and Antara has earned 47.69 crores of management fee till 30th June 26 out of which 3 crores have accured in the current quarter. The second interational project 361 which we only launched if you recall in December total 360 units we launched 180 first and then 180 in June. Uh uh the the as of June end the the bookings were 15 4. So April, May, June the market was sluggish given the geopolitical situation but it is long caught up. So while we sold only 27 units in Q1 FI27 in the month of July alone we sold about 34 units and a similar trend continues in August. So we have caught up the market is you know getting back to a little bit of normaly and therefore the sales velocity has not totally caught up on that side. Total collections 108.2 crores since about 194 197 units you know sold so far. Uh on the entire assisted care side, total bed capacity of 485 beds across eight care homes in NCR, Bangaluru and Chennai. We have now completed and relaunched the DF phase 2 Burma center in July 26 and all the eight centers are now operational. Happy to report that five out of the eight care homes are trending as per the operating model and we are confident that others will also follow this trend. And we'll continue to watch this this progress very carefully. The care home and services revenues were 12.03 crores up by 1.5x Y and Y and 1.1x in Q. The care homes revenue on a standalone basis were 1.3x in Q and the occup the OBDs uh the occupied bed days went up by 23% on a Q basis. Many care homes as I said are showing very good trends. Occupancy banner gata bank 41% in Q1 FI27 up from 37% in Q4 FI26. Gurugram 41% from 33% in Q4 FI26. Whitefield Bangalore 18% from 8% and Omar Chennai 12% versus 3% for the same period. So you can now see how the occupancy is increasing across the care homes. Our care homes and services have now served about 2,700 patients during Q1 FY27 and about 53,000 pat Since inception revenue in the segment rose to 12.03 crores which is 1.5 as I said earlier on y1 basis and 1.1 on Q1 Q basis the voice of customer a steady 84% in Q1 FI27 remained stable in July as well reflecting the consistent quality of care and service we're delivering. Happy to also report that four of our care homes achieved an ever highest RPO which is average revenue per occupied bed day of 7,000 rupees plus in June 20 26. This is really a testimony that the customers are appreciating our quality service at a higher cost. Three of the four care homes have shown significant improvement in contribution margins which now reflects the past profitability. On AGZ we received a net revenue of 19 crores in Q1 FI27 showing a 1.3x y and y growth. It was lower than than Q on Q for 23 crores. uh driven basically by moderation of demand this you know beyond the Q for peak demand period as all of us know March quarter is always high from a revenue perspective to cover the annual targets but some of this will get caught up as we go on in the year the AR now is trending towards 120 and a monthly run rate of about 10 crores in July with market places 6 crores the roas of 3.8 and a D2C the exit rorowass of 2.6 so you can see from the numbers that now we are catching up know on on the ros as well. The offline channel achieved it highest ever revenue of 5 crores growing 18% Q basis. The very good response to the newly launched product commode wheelchair. The overall row which is return on ad spend in Q1 FI27 exit has improved to two versus 1.8 in Q4 marking a 10% growth. The stat index in Q1 FI27 is 82%. AGZ now has 112 products. has launched till date out of which 86 are currently live. We are now also present on quickcommerce which is blinket and zeppto. Our diaper category which was the new unique diaper that we had launched which we have a patent on. Now we are hitting a 1,500 pack sale per day which is really sorry a sixx growth in market share on Amazon over the last 60 days as You know this is a unique product. It is the only Adel diaper with the smart absorption technology and now it is showing up in our increasing market share as well. Four patents have been granted to us for products and there are three patents which have been filed for senior specific innovative products reflecting our commitment to to innovation and this really will be the biggest differentiator and the mode that we will have. The more patents we have the more stronger our our products will be differentiated. AG so far has touched about 9 lakh lives with about 88,000 repeat customers and serves since inception achieved an NPS of about 60 which is quite high but that reflects improving customer stickiness as your usage depend you know deepens over time gross margins for online channels this is D2C and marketplaces maintained at 45% in Q1 versus 46% despite very challenging you know geopolitical situations which have pushed up pushed up the the cogs for each product from this quarter we are overindexing on brand awareness. We have onboarded Anupam care as a brand ambassador and therefore we did spend some money which you will see as a as a as a as an expense you know in the financial submitted to you but we are seeing the payback as well in the month of July the uh the ARR has now picked up to about 10 crores. Our conversion rates have improved from 2 to 3.5 and our ROAS has gone up as well. So the brand spend that we did is already showing a payback in the month of July itself. If I was to really you know consolidate you know as uh and look at Q1 last year Q4 and Q1 this year the revenue was 21 32 and 30 respectively with a bit losses at 14 18.5 and 19 so despite the brand spend despite the cost of goods going up we've been able to bring down the AITA losses or keep them flat with revenue you know going up quarter on quarter the last update I'd like to give you is on the Antara integrated wellness clinic as you know This is our key differentiator for residences. We had launched a pilot in Guruga in our care home to see what is the impact and what is the receptivity of customers. This is a wellness clinic anchored around modern medicine but combines modalities of aya uh ozone therapy, infrared, sauna, uh nutrition etc. Uh financially the net revenue for Q1 FI27 was 15.75 lakhs. Uh this is expected at this stage to be a negative contribution margin is the first quarter only but we should be able to cover it up as as we go forward. Uh on the customer sat score is very high you know satisfaction 96% with the average revenue per client of 4,000. The footfalls have grown steadily from 199 sessions to 307 sessions in June. It's a rapid increase and therefore we'll now focus on you know spending some marketing monies and scaling up this and also making sure we launch this in Antara Noida as the residents start checking in. On the partnership front, we continue to work with star union IT life insurance to integrate senior wellness with financial literacy culminating in specialized financial products for seniors and with IIT Delhi on mobility products and well-being nutrition on neutrauticals and supplements and SASA on self diagnosis for lung health. Uh my brand continues to gain strong recognition and senior receiving the visionary leadership in senior living award at the HT India real estate expo in June 26th honoring our contrib contribution to India's silver economy. We also concluded the NABH expedition in Benardata which is quite essential for TPN insurance. Uh and we have gone through some more inspections for NABH and the other care homes. So in summary, human FI27 has been full of action and execution. We remain confident in our underlying trajectory backed by successful handover of position at Antaran Noida, steady sales momentum in Guro and improving occupancy trend. and care rooms and early signs of recovery in the AGZ ROAS. As we look ahead, we remain committed to profitability. As we said, AGZ perhaps, you know, by January or last quarter this year, uh we'll be in that will be in in that zone and we'll continue to contain losses even though we scale up KO care homes to make sure we're committed to a path to profitability. So, I'll stop here and welcome any question that you might have and thank you once again for joining the call.
     8  
     9  Thank you. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We take the first question from the line of hers from IOS Alpha. Please proceed.
    10  
    11  Yeah. Hi. Uh hi Rajat and team. Uh couple of questions from my end. Firstly a broader question uh you know uh just wanted to uh uh double click on the AITA you know break even by the end of the uh financial year target. Uh if could just you know uh understand uh uh particularly from the cost angle uh what uh uh should change uh you know uh in this quarter versus uh say Q4 of uh you know this financial year and um um even uh you know from a topline basis where uh should one look at I understand the uh uh you know resi business can be quite lumpy but uh just talking about age and care homes uh what should that look at uh broadly uh speaking uh by the end of the financial year. Secondly on the care homes uh part uh just wanted to understand you know your thought process as to where do we stand now versus you know what was the initial uh plan especially on the occupancy uh uh levels. Uh reason why I'm asking this is that you know um what is there is there any plans to start adding beds in near future? Are we you know have we reached that uh uh uh reflection point.
    12  
    13  Yeah. To us, I cannot comment on specific numbers of FI27 in the future, but when I made the comment on profitability, I meant on AGZ, which is our commitment. That is one. Uh, KO obviously since we built out the bed the last 12 months, they will have to wait out the 8 10 quarters it takes for the bed to be profitable, you know, at a unit level. Uh, ASL will continue to be lumpy. So, when we get the DMP and ETAR will show as a bit you know positive right but that varies depending on the projects we sign in DMP right um but to your question you know I I'll repeat the numbers you know once again so that you're able to see what I'm saying if you look at our overall consol basis the revenue has steadily gone up from 175 to 145 to 190 over last three years the losses were 57 went up to 139 because we added 250 beds launched a in that year and then brought them brought 139 down to 121 divide despite the revenue going up. This trajectory will continue uh for FI27 in terms of revenue going up substantially and the beta losses getting contained because now we are not adding any new beds at this point of time. Uh AGZ will continue to throw better contribution margin. So as we go in the next next quarter you'll find the trajectory to be substantiated. Occupancy as I said the OBD beds have gone up by 23%. But if you look at respective you know u komes banner gata is from 41% from 37 g to 41%. Gurv from 33 to 41 bitefield Bangalore from 8 to 18 and from 3 to 12. So five of the eight care homes are now trending to the model that we have shared with all of you respectively. Five of them right. The rest is work to do u as we go along but now we are confident so sometime the inflection point if you recall was October November we had said we'll wait till that time and then start making the call on expansion so we are sticking to that timeline no changes in that you know as well just to add hush on age easy what what are the metrics that you could look would look at and and how that will move to profitability is your CM2 uh if you see historically we we've reported - 80 - 70% CM2s for AGC as of July the marketplaces CM2 came down to minus 17% 7% and this number for all other channels will continue to improve on at the back of improving return on advertising spend which I just uh earlier and this will be corresponding to better gross margins and higher top line. So that is how the CM2 will keep improving to achieving a break even till Q4.
    14  
    15  Some of the aberration you see in uh for example employee expenses right is basically the some provisions getting written back. So each year we provide for variable pay but when we pay out the month of May for Q4 the provisions get you know tred up actualized but once we start Q1 we again start providing so it's a it's just an accounting thing in terms of provisions nothing else
    16  
    17  understood. Um just on the blended pop bit in uh in care homes Uh I understand that the last few uh bed additions uh or substantial bed editions were at a higher RP. So RPOP should be between uh or blended AR pop you know once these uh once the occupancy rises should be between 6 and a half to 7,000. Is that the right way to look at it?
    18  
    19  Should be near 7 and 1/2 hours.
    20  
    21  Okay understood. Thank you.
    22  
    23  Thank you. Thank you. Before we proceed, a reminder to the participants. In order to ask a question, you may press star and one on your touchstone telephone. We take the next question from the line of Nikil Gupta from YU capital. Please proceed.
    24  
    25  Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is a bookkeeping question on senior living. So out of the 33 odd crores collection we did from the NOA community what would be the revenue which would have been attributed to the Q1 so uh one the revenue um in uh in the NOA will be booked at the SPV level and uh since it's a joint venture with us so we will be only uh you know consolidating the net P&L now as regards the joint venture company if I asking about the revenue recognition there uh presently in June there had been no revenue Because the revenue recognition is not linked with collection. It is linked with the possession or registration. So the possessions are going to happen in Q2 and that's the year when all the revenue recognitions and inventory titles will take place. Thank you AJ for that answer but somehow I'm not able to reconcile the numbers. So let's say so you have mentioned in the investor deck uh the odd 38 K from that senior living segment. I believe around 8 cr is the treasury income and 30 is our core operation. So around six is Virun, three and four is from our Gurong communities. I'm not able to add that 30 number. Can you please help me with that?
    26  
    27  Sorry, from where are you seeing this number from the results?
    28  
    29  Yeah,
    30  
    31  so uh from the results or from the invested
    32  
    33  both I mean it's only right.
    34  
    35  Residences have three components of income sir. One is that DMP's income what we are getting at Taha senior Second is the ops revenue what I'm getting at Antara Kurukur and third is the finance lease income which I'm getting as a re lease at Antara Kurukur. That amount was approximately 15 crores for the quarter. I think that's the gap what you are mentioning at that way since it's not a it's not a regular income for me. It's a it's always an exceptional because we don't plan for a release. Hence I don't explicitly display it into my uh gross revenues in my investor release. I just simply say how much release we have done and how much uh marketing fee I want. Okay. So the DM fees is around 7 K. Operation is also around 67 K and the finance fees is 15.
    36  
    37  Correct.
    38  
    39  And what would be the then odd 8 crores? Uh that would be the treasury income at the residency level.
    40  
    41  Correct.
    42  
    43  Okay. Uh can you help me explain like this finance lease? What is this income like? Uh I'm not able to understand this.
    44  
    45  So basically uh our kurukul is on a lease model wherein if any any any units get resold. So if somebody is exiting because of death or they are shifting from Delhi, shifting from Dadun and they want to sell their property, it has to be released. So they have to surrender their lease to the company and the company have to release it again. So as per accounting standard, the remaining lease period I have to recognize as a revenue and against that I recognize the cost, the lease premium and in that particular transaction I earn some bit of a marketing fee that I uh account for as a additional revenue in our other income. Got it. Um my next question is on our integrated well wellness. So going forward 3 to 5 years do you see this segment growing significant contributing significant to our P&Ls because in the annual report also I think we are we have mentioned this category as a separate segment. So uh is it can you provide more color that uh do do we think that it can contribute significantly going forward. Next D2 is
    46  
    47  see uh the AIWC is an integral part of a residences. We are not opening a separate business line where we will launch AWC clinics. We will simply put them in all the residences so that it's a strong differentiator very difficult to replicate. This is not just about a doctor or nurse sitting in the campus is about about a full-fledged protocol-based integrated medicine system which we are launching in the residences and therefore all the revenues uh which come from there right uh difficult to predict at this point of time but given the volume of people we are handling let's say 340 people units in noa phase one means about 600 people right uh difficult for me to comment you know how much revenue we will get but it's a strong differentiator We will also try to put them in the care homes to be able to work as OPDS to attract you know footfalls right so that's the intention really we are not launching a standalone clinics
    48  
    49  right well understood uh the last question is on AGZ I think some somehow the the growth has been slow but uh sometimes that happens it's fine I think we we projected to almost double our revenue from 77 into 150 odd cr. So do you still see that happening because somehow the we are still at the 18 cr revenue seems very very low.
    50  
    51  Some thoughts some thoughts please on that.
    52  
    53  Uh hi Ishan here. Yes we are still very much on a plan for doubling this year. Uh if you see the year-on-year growth it is is still significantly high. Yes. Uh quarter on quarter there has been moderation but if you look at July numbers which Rajit quoted we are already at a a 120 cr annual revenue run rate with a 10 cr closing number for the month of July which is not only an improvement in the top line but is also complemented with a significant improvement in return on advertising spends um which is what we were working on in quarter one to solve so that the next three quarters of growth is at the back of a strong base uh both in terms of our CM2s and our ROAS so Q2 to Q4 we will see a significant improvement in the top line as Now we have already demonstrated that we can efficiently do it by proving the cos.
    54  
    55  Thank you for the response. Uh that's it from us. Best of luck.
    56  
    57  Thank you.
    58  
    59  Thank you. Before we proceed, a reminder to the participants in order to ask a question you may press star and one on your touchstone telephone. We take the next question from the line of Deep from MAS Capital, please proceed.
    60  
    61  Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. Uh my question is around AGV. Now AGV's revenue has declined 18% QQ uh after the Q4 peak. Now how much of Q4 was uh genuinely seasonal versus uh demand pulled forward through promotions and what should investors considered you know the normalized quarterly revenue base going forward and a connected part to the theme AG is like we've touched nine likes live lives uh till date but only 88,000 are repeat customers. So how do you distinguish between topline growth purchase through marketing and genuine customer loyalty and you know and the last part to that question is uh what repeat rate and CAC to LTV ratio would convince you that AG has become a structurally strong consumer brand?
    62  
    63  Yeah, sure.
    64  
    65  So I'll let Isan answer that. But to your question on quarteronquarter there was this transition that we're doing you know in u in Q4 last year right which causes aberration but let Isan explain that so I think the one has to be cognizant of a couple of things in the business like EG which is a products business is that one there will be two impacts that we will see on how this plays through the year one is that around the festive period which is depending when it happens September October we will see a significant surge which we saw last year as well Q3 was a significantly higher number compared to Q2 or September October was the peak. We will see that same peak this year as well. Um and the second seasonality impact that comes uh which does come for products like kneecaps, nebulizers, diapers is during the winter season where the consumption is higher. So going forward also uh I would want to indicate that we will see these it will not be linear. We will have these spurts uh during periods of either high purchase during festive time and then in the winter season. Uh what also happens towards the latter half of the year is that we do and because we work with marketplaces there are some uh s you know big deals that purchases that they make from us uh because it's everybody's year end and closing. So that also happens and hence you see that that kind of an impact. Uh will we see that this year? Yes, we will see that kind of seasonality impact and that severe impact this year as well. Um like I I also mentioned that July and August we are already seeing that is going back to 120 and now 140 150 cr R as well. So that trajectory is picking up giving us the confidence that the guidance we have for this year's revenue for AG should certainly happen
    66  
    67  and on the cap to entity ratio
    68  
    69  we will currently be looking at return on advertising spend. Uh uh the return on advertising spend is a critical factor because that currently tells us the efficiency that the brand is is giving us and and how our performance marketing is efficiently moving. We were at if you recall in the last quarters we were at around 1 1.5 for our D2C and we were at around two 2.5 for marketplaces which is now closer to four for marketplaces and two and a half for D2C. Now that efficiency indicates because marketing is the biggest spend in D2C in AG. So that return on advertising spend is a critical factor and on your repeat I want to clarify things one thing that our repeats are not 18,000 our repeats are around 88 to 90,000 that's the number we are at around 10 to 12% repeat rate one has to also understand the nature of products we sell uh besides diapers which is one of our top selling products the others don't lend themselves to repeat so somebody who's bought from us one product will at best buy some other product and chances of buying the same product like if I if you bought a BB monitor you will probably come back and buy a baby monitor from me maybe after a year or two so same product repeats are lesser the crossell is where the opportunity is and that's what now we're building an engine to promote and push
    70  
    71  but directionally if you're able to achieve a 20% plus repeat rate we should be in in good good space
    72  
    73  sure sure thanks thanks for that clarification uh Rajita my next question is more of a macro question and to you so max India's long-term thesis appears to be built around India's aging population and the emergence of large silver economy which you've explained beautifully in the past but Given the significant capital requirement to build communities, care homes and consumer products, what prevents a large hospital chain or a real estate developer or a financial services player from eventually entering senior care and compressing your returns? What is the mode you believe will still exist 10 years from now?
    74  
    75  Yeah. So, let's talk about a segment separately. Right. And and by the way, uh please keep in mind when we are saying we are building an integrated care ecosystem, we are focusing on the consumer. is the same consumer who depending on age, medical condition and circumstances will need either a residence or a rehab or a diaper or a wheelchair. So we've taken a customer view number one. Number two if you look at all the three segments you real estate players can come and replicate the infrastructure no doubt on that and maybe do a better job. However the core of that product is services not infrastructure. It is all the IP we have gained over the years in terms of what kind of engagement services, what kind of wellness services to integrate, what kind of you know mental wellness, emotional, social etc. We'll have to you know offer uh all the practices that we have picked up in terms of you know how to handle muscle loss, faility, anxiety, depression and now our ability to put integrated medicine inside which is more IP based you know it's not just you hire a doctor and start doing that um which is going to be a strong differentiator most real estate developers if you follow the trend are outsourcing this. Either they are tying up with a nearby nursing home or tying up with a hospital, right? Uh that's not a sustainable model. You need a doctor to stay on the campus. You need a first responder team for emergencies. You need nurses 24 by7 so on and so forth. So on that our mode is going to be our entire IP around wellness services right that we have developed which we will now keep on you know strengthening as we go along. That's on that. On the care side frankly there are some hospitals chains who are doing geriatric you know care now wanting to do care homes the simple answer I have is if I was an investor since I come from the healthcare world I'll prefer to spend 100 rupees on the healthcare business that generates a little bit of 30% plus versus 18% margin the care homes are more a hospitality with some medical care kind of business while the hospitals are more surgery diagnostic and pharmacy business so while they they you know in a in a summary sense some of you know appear similar the profit signatures and the and the competencies are very different. So if a hospital decides to come into the care homes frankly the investor should ask the question why the hell are you diluting your margins why are you spending your time and money right either you say that you are you are running your hospitals totally full you can't open more beds and all the flow you want to capture right if you look at the care at home journey as well many people are offering at home services but they're only offering to the captive patients they are not able to market and find profitability. So that's my answer to the second question. On a there are only two modes which is differentiated innovated products which are seen as specific and brand. Nothing else is a mode right. So therefore the patents we are filing we already have you know three patents CBF filed uh the more we learn about you know consumer behavior and the bigger brand we build is what going to stand us you know in goodstead. The market by the way individually for the products is quite large. If you look at the diaper market itself It's about 2,000 2,500 crores kind of market or 5,000 crores only, right? So we are not building a 10,000 cr business in AGZ in the next 5 years is going to be perhaps thousand crores. So enough market to be had on that side. That's my answer to to the verticals.
    76  
    77  Appreciate the response sir. Um only just u from a I think we raised it last time also. I think u with respect to the announcement about expansion if we can be a little more aggressive given uh in the past you've seen couple of cities being on pause or halted uh so we eagerly look forward to the announcement and I think you gave a glimpse about the Bangalore opportunity that you spoke so look forward to that yeah
    78  
    79  absolutely I'm quite unfortunate we had to unwind Chandigar because after operations zindur the height clearances were not given to communities on the flight path uh and Bangalore unfortunately the the developer ran into some financial issues but totally appreciate that comment quite focused and the next few months you'll find the announcements coming through Thank you.
    80  
    81  Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Raju Singh from Vive Investment Managers. Please proceed.
    82  
    83  Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Uh my question is uh that among the residential, senior living, care homes, care at home and PG, which business do you believe can ultimately generate the highest return on capital? And where do you intend to deploy the majority of incremental capital? That's my first question.
    84  
    85  Okay. So by nature if you look at the way we do our business um our serial living model is quite capital light because we don't buy land. We tie up with developer partners who own land and preferably construct. So there we don't require that much of capital per project. It's it's very small. AGZ we have already done the heavy lifting and the investments. So if you're able to meet our objective of FI27 last quarter being being contribution positive and a beta positive that will not require much capital. I think the capital will be required will be care home expansion because each bed takes about 10 to 12 lakhs per bed including the ops losses and therefore that's going to be a business of scale. That is where most capital will go.
    86  
    87  So do you think the highest uh that business is also going to generate the highest return of capital? Yes. depending so much of capital there instead of on the other areas
    88  
    89  you see uh if you look at you're talking about Rosi I presume
    90  
    91  yeah
    92  
    93  right correct
    94  
    95  there I feel you know ag obviously the nature of the business is such as e-commerce is not linear in growth is you know it it jumps in terms of you know the AR that is going to be the highest roy business followed by a rooms the segment is quite
    96  
    97  quite high IR based and there our objective is to be able to build a very healthy annuity income. So if we are able to achieve our target of 1,800 cr sale value every year we are we will able to see a very healthy annual income in in 30 and 33. So the three businesses operate a little bit differently but between az and kum obviously az will have a much higher rosi but even the rosi in kum should be 23 24 plus.
    98  
    99  Understood. Uh my Second question is uh that despite strong revenue growth the company still reporting substantial losses. So can you give us a sense of the expected cash burn over FI 27 and 28 before the existing businesses become self sustaining.
   100  
   101  See I can't share projections of 27 and 28 at this point of time. I only shared the past numbers with you. Uh as I said the AITA losses went up from 57 to 139 when we built 250 beds. and we launched the agency business but since then the revenues increased and the losses have come down you know from a 95% to 63% this year right uh ITA loss so significant drop suddenly and this trajectory will continue in FI27 as we report next quarter I promise you you will see that the the reduction in 63 as well okay thank you so much any questions
   102  
   103  okay
   104  
   105  thank you A reminder to the participants in order to ask a question you may press star in one on your touchstone telephone. We take the next question from the line of Vikas. An individual investor please proceed.
   106  
   107  Hi sir. Uh thanks for your time. Uh just wanted to understand since you're making decent amount of losses still and we have raised capital last year so and the cash is also limited on the balance sheet. How we look to change the business going forward. What kind of capital building plan we have?
   108  
   109  So we have I mean nothing has changed uh regards from what you said you know a year back two years back in terms of how much capital we need. The first raise was done through two branches of rights issue and the prep issue and the balance was supposed to be raised as as we went into business that was supposed to be done June this year but frankly due to better performance and we taking some credit lines to manage the the working cap capital inventory etc. We have been able to push uh the fund the second fund raise out but the number hasn't changed right
   110  
   111  another 40 crores we received in July
   112  
   113  and we've also received 40 crores the second branch of the pre isue in July what has changed really caused us to have a you know push the funders also is that the noa position you know opened up and therefore gross collections have come in and we able to utilize that but the total number of capital required has not changed for last 2 years and has come down a shade from a peak requirement which we thought was about $25 million has come down to about 20 or under 20 now.
   114  
   115  So let's say for next two years what is the incremental capital required sir as per our thought process?
   116  
   117  Um the estimate is around 20 million.
   118  
   119  Okay thank you.
   120  
   121  Okay.
   122  
   123  Thank you. take the next question from the line of Rajir Singh from Vive Investment Managers. Please proceed.
   124  
   125  Uh thanks for the followup. Uh my question is regarding BLF announcing its entry into the senior living. So I just wanted to know your thoughts about it. I mean it's a big competition coming in.
   126  
   127  Yeah, surely it's not only DF, it's other also marquee investors wanting to look at uh senior living. Uh DF our best understanding though have they have delayed their you know launch uh consistently for last 6 months now uh is they have an existing community in Gura where they are putting one or two towers as senior living it's not something that they're creating new within the existing township is what they want to do and they're tied up with a with most probably Milana hospital for doing the healthcare services is how they're attempting it uh we welcome the move actually because all these people will spend marketing monies and create awareness you know for the customers while the announcement made by DF came six months back we haven't noticed any impact on our sales velocity of gura it is going as per plan for this year we are exactly on the plan um but I think we we are actually wanting more and more people to step in a it increases category awareness B it'll also push the government to release minimum standards because the more standards that come in some of us who are specialized in senior living will tend to benefit so actually we are quite welcoming the move Yeah, I think uh as first it should give us the first mover advantage as well.
   128  
   129  Yeah, it's already
   130  
   131  we haven't stopped our sales in in in 361 and as I said the launch has been delayed twice now. So let's see when they launch.
   132  
   133  All right, sounds good. Thank you so much.
   134  
   135  Thank you.
   136  
   137  As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.
   138  
   139  So, thank you very much once again for joining again. Deeply, deeply appreciate the questions. I think you're absolutely on the ball. Uh these are questions you should be asking us. Uh you know on the path to profitability on growth uh and making a corporate announcements we absolutely welcome these. Uh I'd like to assure you that whatever plan we had for this year were currently on plan. There are some minor you know aberrations because external factors will keep on happening. For example, the labor codes pushed up the manpower cost for the quarter. Now we'll have to find ways and means of mitigating that. The geopolitical issue, you know, caused the logistics cost, you know, and delivery from China impacted. And we had to airlift some products which cause a margin depression. But all these in current world are things I think any business should just embrace and keep moving on. And that's what we're doing. We're just focused on execution. There is no new strategy we have to think through. We're very clear what we are doing and what we want to do. Um and hopefully in the next two quarters you will find more and more evidence from us on our commitment to pass to profitability in all the businesses. There are different points of time but at least the moment you should be able to see that's our promise to all of you. So thank you once again and wishing a very very happy 8th independence day as well.
   140  
   141  Thank you on behalf of Max India Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us in human now disconnect all lines.
