[page 1]
PI pES @& www.hitechpipes.in 
BUILDING A NEW INDIA 
Date: February 12, 2026 
To, 
Manager, Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India BSE Limited, 
Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra Kurla Complex- Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 001 
Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543411 
NSE Symbol: HITECH 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Saturday, February 07, 
2026 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
Earnings Conference Call held on Saturday, February 07, 2026 at 04:00 P.M. with 
respect to the Company’s Un-Audited Financial Results (Consolidated & Standalone) for 
the Quarter & Nine Months ended December 31, 2025. 
The transcript of the conference call is available at the website of the Company at 
www.hitechpipes.in 
Kindly take the above information on records and oblige. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Hi-Tech Pi: i d 
For HLTECH PIPES TIITER® 
Company Secretary 
Arun Kumar 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
MS PIPES & HOLLOW SECTIONS | GPGC SHEET & COLOR COATED COIL | Gl & GP PIPES | CR COILS & STRIPS 
HI-TECH PIPES LIMITED 
505, Pearls Omaxe Tower, Netaji Subhash Place, Pitampura, New Delhi -110034 
CIN: L27202DL1985PLC0O19750 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 12 
  
 
“Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2026 
 
     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANISH BANSAL – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – HI-
TECH PIPES LIMITED 
 M R. ARVIND BANSAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – HI-TECH PIPES 
LIMITED 
 M R. ARUN SHARMA – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – HI-TECH PIPES LIMITED 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
 Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
  February 07, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by Hi-Tech Pipes Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anish Bansal, Whole-Time Director from Hi-Tech Pipes 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Anish Bansal. 
Anish Bansal: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on the Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Hi-Tech Pipes Limited. I'm joined today by Mr. Arvind Bansal, Executive Director and 
Group CFO and Mr. Arun Sharma, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. Let me begin 
with a detailed overview of our financial and operational performance for the quarter ended Q3 
FY '26.  
The third quarter of FY '26 marked a significant milestone for the company as we delivered our 
highest ever quarterly performance across key operational metrics. During the quarter, revenue 
from operations grew by a robust 40% year-on-year to INR1,070 crores compared to INR761 
crores in Q3 FY '25.  
This strong growth was supported by our highest ever quarterly sales volume of 1,36,000 tons, 
reflecting a 10% increase over 1,24,000 tons in the corresponding quarter last year. This 
performance was driven by a combination of higher volumes, timely execution of large 
infrastructure and institutional projects, improved product mix, deeper market penetration and 
continued expansion of our value-added product portfolio. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR42 crores, registering a 4% year-on-year increase from 
INR40 crores in Q3 FY '25. However, profitability during the quarter was a little impacted with 
profit after tax declining by 9% year-on-year to INR17 crores compared to INR19 crores in the 
same period last year.  
I would like to clarify that the decline in profit was primarily attributable to a sharp correction 
in hot-rolled coil prices driven by an influx of cheaper imports, which exerted pressure on 
spreads across the industry. Importantly, this trend has reversed following the government's 
introduction of a 12% safeguard duty on 30th December 2025, which helped in stabilizing the 
domestic steel prices, restoring pricing discipline and margin improvement. 
Now coming to 9-month performance of FY '26. Moving to the 9-month performance. Revenue 
from operations for 9-month FY '26 increased to INR2,720 crores, representing a 17% year-on-
year growth compared to INR2,333 crores in 9-month FY '25 period. EBITDA for the 9 months 
stood at INR127 crores compared to INR125 crores in the corresponding period last year, 
[page 4]
 Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
  February 07, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
reflecting stable operational performance despite price volatility and margin pressure during 
parts of the year. 
Capacity expansion and operational updates. Despite the short-term challenges, we have 
remained focused on building long- term capacity and improving operating leverage and 
strengthening profitability. I'm glad to share that commercial production has commenced at 
Sanand Unit II Phase 2, adding 1 lakh tons of annual capacity.  
This facility significantly enhances our manufacturing scale, improves cost efficiencies, 
strengthen export capabilities and enables a better and more profitable product mix. Further, the 
commercial production has commenced at our greenfield Jammu facility with an annual capacity 
of 80,000 tons, primarily focused on value-added and higher-margin products.  
The Jammu facility enhances our presence in northern markets, reduces logistic costs, shortens 
delivery time lines and positions us closer to key consumption centers. Additionally, our 
Greenfield facility at Sikandrabad, UP is expected to commence operations at any time. This 
plant will further strengthen our regional footprint, improve customer service levels and 
contribute meaningfully to volume growth as well as margin stability. 
With these expansions, the company reached -- the company reaches to 1 million tons installed 
capacity and is actively gearing up for the next phase of expansion towards 2 million tons, in 
line with our long-term growth roadmap and strategic vision. For the increased anticipated 
volume, the company has entered into long-term raw material supply MOUs, which have already 
commenced from Q3.  
The key projects executed during the quarter -- we successfully supplied materials to several 
prestigious and high visibility projects, including Varanasi Airport, Jaipur Airport, Khowai 
Airport, Bharuch Railway Station and the world's largest solar parks at Khavda and Bikaner. 
These achievements are a testament of our strong execution capabilities, product quality, 
reliability and long-standing relationships with leading developers and EPC players. 
On the demand side, the outlook remains strong and encouraging. Government-led infrastructure 
spending, increased private sector investments, rapid urbanization, renewable energy focus and 
ongoing industrial development continue to support sustained demand for steel pipes and tubes. 
In addition, recent developments on the global trade front are structurally positive for the 
industry. The U.S.-India trade deal is expected to open new opportunities, enhance market access 
and support long-term volume growth. Similarly, on the EU India trade pack, it is significantly 
positive as it is likely to improve export competitiveness, reduce trade barriers and create 
meaningful opportunities for Indian manufacturers, particularly in the value-added and quality-
driven segments. 
Looking ahead, we are confident that our strategic focus on value-added products, newly 
commissioned capacities, operational efficiencies and stronger order pipeline will support 
sustained growth, improve margins and enhance shareholder value over the medium term to long 
term. We will now open the floor for questions. 
[page 5]
 Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
  February 07, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Moderator: Our first question comes from the line of Kunal Shah an Individual Investor. 
Kunal Shah: My question is how much the steel prices declined this quarter? What is the price outlook of the 
steel prices for this quarter and the coming quarter? 
Anish Bansal: So the steel prices declined by almost INR2,500 per ton in this quarter -- in Q3. However, after 
this introduction of safeguard duty on the 30th of December, the steel prices have bounced back. 
And we are looking -- whatever the price decrease happened in Q3, we are -- this will reverse in 
Q4. 
Kunal Shah: My next question is, sir, about U.S.-India trade bill, how this will be impacting the steel industry 
and the company will get benefit from this? 
Anish Bansal: So yes, as you all know, India has struck the deal after a lot of negotiations. And we are still 
waiting for the final outcome. And once it's signed, I'm sure that this will definitely favor our 
Indian steel industry. The finished goods will definitely start going to the American market after 
a long gap. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Mayank Kumar, an Individual Investor. 
Mayank Kumar: Sir, I have two questions. So I just want to know about Jal Jeevan Mission. So company, -- how 
much orders getting from this program? And what is the scenario in upcoming quarters and years 
that company is getting order under this program and mission of Jal Jeevan? And another one, I 
have a question about another 1 million ton capacity. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Kumar. Your voice is -- there's a lot of static voice. Can you please 
repeat your question? 
Anish Bansal: Yes. First one, I've understood. Can you repeat the second question? 
Mayank Kumar: Sir, my second question is about the additional 1 million ton capacity. So what would be the 
time line for adding this? 
Anish Bansal: So basically, first question pertaining to Jal Jeevan Mission, you are right, this year has been 
subdued from the Jal Jeevan Mission side. But now what we are lately hearing is the allocation 
in the current budget remains the same. And we are -- what we are talking with the various 
departments, we see in FY '27, there will be a strong order pipeline in the Jal Jeevan segment, 
especially for our ERW tube segment for galvanized product. 
Second, your question pertaining to our additional 1 million tons, which will take us to 2 million 
tons. So we are looking at between FY '28 and FY '29. So the project works are already going 
on for this capacity addition. And we are in very advanced stages of commissioning 0.5 million 
tons by FY '27 -- between FY '27 and FY '28. So we are on track. A lot of progress has been 
made in this, and we are expecting it to come as soon as possible. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. 
[page 6]
 Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
  February 07, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Sucrit D. Patil: I have two questions. My first question to Mr. Anish. Looking ahead, how do you see Hi-Tech 
Pipes balancing between expanding manufacturing capacity, expanding customer reach and 
protecting the profits. As the demand for steel pipes grows with infrastructure and construction 
activity, what will guide your decision-making process on which of these areas should get the 
strongest focus in the coming quarters? That's my first question. I'll ask my second question after 
this. 
Anish Bansal: So our internal -- how we decide on the capacities and volumes. We want to grow by 25% year-
on-year on the volume terms. Our primary focus is in the building and construction and 
infrastructure segments, along with the renewable energy side. We are seeing maximum traction 
in these 2 fields, and we want to capitalize on the opportunity -- in both the spaces. So building 
and construction and renewable energy. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, sir. Your voice is breaking. 
Anish Bansal: Sorry, one minute. Is it better now? 
Moderator: No, it is still breaking. 
Anish Bansal: It is still? Maybe at your end. Sucrit, am I clear to you? 
Sucrit D. Patil: Yes, you're quite audible. I have no problem. 
Anish Bansal: Yes. Maybe at your end, there may be some -- I'll just repeat my answer. So basically, when we 
decide on manufacturing volumes and capacities, so our focus is 25% volume growth year-on-
year. So this is our focus. And we are seeing good traction in the building and construction side 
and the renewable energy sector. And in the renewable, we are very active, especially in the 
Gujarat belt and Rajasthan belt. And we are getting repeated orders from our clients. And with 
this new addition capacity at Sanand, we will capitalize on these 2 areas even more. 
Sucrit D. Patil: My second question to Mr. Arvind is along the similar lines, as you plan for the next few 
quarters, what financial signals or metrics will be most important in guiding decision on cost 
control, working capital and capital allocation for new projects? How do you see this particular 
lever shaping Hi-Tech Pipes ability to protect the margins and deliver sustainable value as the 
business grows? 
Anish Bansal: Actually, on the cost efficiency and working capital front, all these areas are continuous process. 
On a continuous basis, we are focusing on better working capital management and cost 
efficiencies. If you see in FY '24, FY '25, there is a good improvement in the working capital.  
And hopefully, in FY '26 also, that trend will continue. So far as profitability is concerned, the 
point is, as Anish Bansal-ji has mentioned, this Q3 quarter has been impacted due to steep 
decrease in steel prices. And -- but after the government of India has imposed this antidumping 
duty, now the steel prices has stabilized. Hopefully, this Q4 will be much better than Q3. And 
accordingly, this FY '26, we will achieve our desired results. And in FY '27, hopefully, things 
will be better. And we should be able to give better results in terms of profitability, EBITDA 
and operational efficiencies. Thank you. 
[page 7]
 Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
  February 07, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Sucrit D. Patil: So can we take this as a cautious guidance just on a closing note to summarize? 
Arvind Bansal: We always desire to have good results. But after having this global impact and all these 
challenges, sometimes we face certain issues. But we are very much hopeful, we are very much 
positive FY '26 and FY '27 on a consolidated basis will be much better. 
Anish Bansal: Yes, after the safeguard duty that has been imposed. So at least the dumping of steel from 
outside, that has stopped for next 3 years. So we have a lot of visibility in terms of how the steel 
prices are going to behave for at least a year or so. And with our new capacities and with these 
news is and our new value-added products, we are very confident that Q4 and the forthcoming 
quarters will be quite good for the company. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Meenakshi Bhutani an Individual Investor. 
Meenakshi Bhutani: So my question is, can you please guide us on the export front? How much the export is 
contributing the company? And what are the targets for upcoming quarters? 
Anish Bansal: Yes. Thank you, Meenakshi. So basically, we have started exports in last 1 year from our new 
plant in Gujarat because of logistic competitiveness. And in last 1 year, we have been able to get 
all the certifications and all the barriers that were there for exports. So all those have gone away.  
We are -- we have exported to almost 28 countries in the last 1 year. And now we are at a stage 
that we are getting repeat orders from these clients, and that is a huge, you can say, 
encouragement for the company. And going forward, we'll take -- we'll leverage this situation. 
And especially after these deals that have happened in the last 2 to 3 months, this will open 
floodgates for the Indian steel tube and pipe industry in a big way. 
So we are geared up now. And our ultimate goal is to take our export volume to 10%. This is 
our target, and we are working on that. This new capacity expansion in Gujarat is also focused 
towards some specialized tubes and export market. So we are working actively on this. Thank 
you. 
Meenakshi Bhutani: So sir, I have another question. 
Anish Bansal: Yes. 
Meenakshi Bhutani: What is the current contribution of value-added products? How the company is planning to 
improve from here? 
Anish Bansal: So yes, the current value-added products contribution is 37%. And we hope to -- with this new 
Jammu facility and our new galvanizing facilities in various plants. So we are taking this to 42%, 
43% by end of this year, and it will gradually move up to 50% in the coming years. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Karan from Asit C Mehta.  
Karan: Am I audible? 
Anish Bansal: Yes, very much. 
[page 8]
 Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
  February 07, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Karan: So my question was on -- you just mentioned that you have signed some MOU with the supplier. 
So could you, if possible, elaborate on this? 
Anish Bansal: Sorry, Karan, can you repeat your question, please? 
Karan: Yes. So you mentioned that you have signed an MOU with the supplier. So could you -- if 
possible, could you elaborate who are the suppliers, if it's possible for you? And how will it 
impact our margin profile, especially gross margin profile and PAT margin as well? 
Anish Bansal: Yes. So now what -- I'll give you a brief background about how the steel segment now, how it 
is shaping up. So basically, whatever hot-rolled capacity there is right now, so this capacity is 
totally tied up with the existing players. And now for at least next 1 year, we don't see any hot-
rolled coil capacity coming in.  
So it was very -- it was imperative for us that we get into these long-term supply contracts with 
these companies so that once the market change, we don't fall short of raw material supply. So 
that's why we entered in the Q3 when the markets were low and when the -- all these mills had 
material with them. 
And now the situation is that after this safeguard duty, so imports have dried up and the demand 
and supply has -- the equilibrium has come in place. So we got into these supply contracts with 
these -- with our current suppliers, which are Steel Authority of India Limited, ArcelorMittal, 
Tata and NMDC. So these are our 4 segments, and we have tied up quantities with these 
companies. 
Karan: So like how will it impact our margin, especially gross profit margin? 
Anish Bansal: Yes. So first was the availability of material because that was very important for the capacity 
utilization. So with whatever capacities we have produced, if we did not have the right supply 
chain, then it would be -- we would not have achieved a higher capacity utilization. But now 
with these long-term supply MOUs, now we are at least assured of raw material and higher value 
-- higher capacity utilization will automatically help in higher value addition, EBITDA and 
higher profit margins. 
Karan: Okay. Got it. And my second question was like what is the margin profile for value-added 
products and normal products? Like what is the difference between margin in those products, 
especially value-added and normal products? 
Arvind Bansal: Yes. So value-added is between INR4,500 to INR5,000 per ton and the regular products between 
INR2,500 to INR3,000 per ton. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Dhruvesh Kanakia from Antique Stock Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dhruvesh Kanakia: I can see that stock in trade has gone up significantly versus last quarter. Can you help us 
understand what this comprises? 
[page 9]
 Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
  February 07, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Anish Bansal: So I'm glad you asked this question. So basically, as mentioned, the company has entered into 
long-term supply contracts with the companies with industries. And we entered into this contract 
from Q3 and whereas our commissioning and the production has started from the end of Q3. But 
it was imperative for the company to get into these contracts at the right stage.  
Now if we would have gone into contracts in Q4, then it would have not been possible. So 
whatever excess material we had, so we had supplied that in the market. So this is a onetime 
phenomenon. And Q4, as our capacity utilization and everything is going up, so all this material 
is going to get consumed in our facilities. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Lokesh Kashikar from SMIFS Institutional Equities. 
Lokesh Kashikar: Sir, the first question is basically on our capacity. I missed your initial remarks. So our existing 
capacity is 9,30,000 metric tons per annum, correct? 
Anish Bansal: Yes. 
Lokesh Kashikar: Okay. And what would be the exit capacity at FY '26 then? 
Anish Bansal: It will be 1.05 million tons. 
Lokesh Kashikar: 1.05 million tons. So the new capacity is likely to come right at the Sikandrabad unit? 
Anish Bansal: Yes, absolutely. And the plant has been commissioned and the trials have been successfully 
taken place. We are just waiting for some compliance-related matter, and it can happen any time. 
So we are just waiting for the positive news. And once the compliance is done, we'll put the 
pedal down. 
Lokesh Kashikar: Okay. Also, sir, we have chosen and also we have in the past laid foundation for at Hindupur, 
Telangana location for some capacity. So when we are expecting that capacity to ramp up or 
commence production? 
Anish Bansal: Yes. That is almost 2.5 lakh ton capacity. And we are coming -- we will be coming with this 
capacity by end of FY '27. 
Lokesh Kashikar: Okay. So if I'm not wrong, so 2.5 plus 10 lakhs kind of around 12.5, 13 lakh capacity would be 
at the end of FY '27? 
Anish Bansal: Absolutely. 
Lokesh Kashikar: Okay. And our endeavor to reach 20 lakh million tons capacity by FY '29 remains impact? 
Anish Bansal: Yes, absolutely, absolutely.  
Lokesh Kashikar: So sir, what would be the total capex that would be required for such a huge capacity as we are 
almost doubling up over the next 2 to 3 years? And what would the funding arrangement for 
that? 
[page 10]
 Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
  February 07, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Anish Bansal: So for this additional 1 million tons, it comprises of Greenfield and Brownfield both. And we 
have already -- fortunately, the land bank for all these capacities was already in place with the 
company. So the land is already there and a lot of the preconstruction activities have already 
been done in these facilities. So at least the land issue is not there. And the total capex is between 
INR500 crores to INR600 crores for this incremental capacity. And half of it is already under 
capital work in progress. 
Lokesh Kashikar: Okay. And sir, secondly, just wanted to know on the raw material side, so you have just 
explained that we have entered in an MOU with our suppliers. But how does the pricing basically 
just happen? Let's say, you get INR50 per kg raw material. And if for next month, let's say, it 
goes to INR52. So it is directly passed on to the customer or you keep it some margin over there 
as well? So just wanted to understand raw material versus your realization as well as your margin 
profile and our strategy on that. 
Anish Bansal: Yes. When I say MOUs, it means that we have got into contract for a certain volume of steel. 
So the quantity gets defined in the MOU. And the pricing is done monthly. So in the beginning 
of every month, every company comes out with their revised pricing in line with the market 
conditions. And for us, the higher the volumes, the better the pricing becomes. And the current 
-- whatever the increased MOUs we have done are with our current suppliers -- current set of 
suppliers for the additional volume. 
Lokesh Kashikar: Okay. 
Anish Bansal: Yes. 
Lokesh Kashikar: No, no. The question remains that, let's say, for example, you are getting, let's say, INR50 per 
kg HRC and next month, it goes to INR52. Okay. You have locked in the quantity, but price 
would be variable. Now on your realization that INR2 would be gain, correct or how does -- it 
is generally  
Anish Bansal: Yes. The transmission of prices, there may be a lag of 7 to 10 days, but then eventually, whatever 
price decrease or increase is generally a pass-through. 
Lokesh Kashikar: Okay. And sir, last couple of questions from my side. So you have done almost 3,85,000 metric 
tons of sales during 9 months. And you have earlier guided for around 5.5 lakh to 6 lakh metric 
tons of sales volume for FY '26. Now looking for Q4, how do you see the sales volume ramping 
up from here on? And do you think that the earlier guidance is possible to reach to that level? 
And what will be the guidance for FY '27 and FY '28 as we are ramping up the capacity as well? 
Anish Bansal: So basically, we have given our guidance of 5.5 lakh tons. So I'll be -- plus/minus 5%, 10%, 
we'll be there in that range. 
Lokesh Kashikar: Okay. And for FY '27, do you think that 6 lakh or 6 lakh plus is the possibility? 
Anish Bansal: Yes, because with this new capacity of 1.05, we do a 65% utilization. So 6.5 lakh tons is quite 
conservatively, we'll be achieving this. 
[page 11]
 Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
  February 07, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Lokesh Kashikar: Okay. But don't you think, sir, the major -- as the peers are also ramping up their capacity, so 
there would be too much excess capacity in the system that will basically -- it would be difficult 
for anyone to absorb the incremental capacity in the system. So the volume sales should become 
difficult as you move on from here? 
Anish Bansal: So I look at this way. Now with in our industry, there are at least 10% to 12% increase in the 
market every year. And there are a lot of new products that come in. And our focus is the 
innovation in the new products and new markets. So I -- at Hi-Tech, we feel confident that 20%, 
25% volume growth we can achieve for next 6, 7 years at least. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Akshay Shetty research analyst with Mirae Asset. 
Akshay Shetty: My question is on profitability. I wanted to know what is the management's medium-term 
EBITDA per ton target? And do you see EBITDA moving towards INR5,000 per ton going 
forward? 
Anish Bansal: Akshay, so yes, as I said, in the Q3, the price -- steel prices have sort of bottomed out. And after 
this imposition of safeguard duty, things have changed drastically. And once it is not there, so 
we are definitely between -- if you leave the price volatility, we are operating between INR4,000 
to INR4,500 per ton. So that is our outlook. And hopefully, Q4 and the onward quarters will be 
substantially better. 
Akshay Shetty: Yes. I have one more question. Currently, value-added products stands at around 37%, 38% of 
the total sales. And you are targeting like 42% to 50% in next, I guess, 1 to 2 years. So what 
initiatives will drive this improvement in the product mix? 
Anish Bansal: So whatever new -- the capacities are coming, they are focused towards value-added products 
like color-coated at Jammu, our solar top tubes in Gujarat and galvanized products in the other 
locations. So all these all -- the major focus in the new capacities is towards value-added 
products. And hopefully, by end of FY '27, we'll touch our capacity mix of 50% when it comes 
to value-add product. 
Akshay Shetty: Yes. And one more question. What is your EBITDA per ton outlook for FY '26? 
Anish Bansal: So we are currently in the range of INR34, INR35 per ton, and Q4 will be substantially better 
compared to Q3. And Q4 onwards, INR4,000 per ton is a realistic number that we are looking 
at. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Aniket Madhwani from Steptrade Capital.  
Aniket Madhwani: Am I audible? 
Anish Bansal: Yes, please. 
Aniket Madhwani: So my question was with regards to the volumes. So in this quarter, we have achieved around 
1.36 lakh tons. And out of this, how much does it account for exports? 
[page 12]
 Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
  February 07, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Anish Bansal: Sir, this month -- in this quarter, we have done almost 6,000 to 7,000 tons of export volume. 
And -- in the coming quarters, it is going to go up because with the uncertainty of CBAM, which 
is the carbon border adjustment mechanism in EU. So this -- there are a new set of rules which 
had to come in from the 1st of January.  
But now there's a lot of clarity now. And the Europe buyers who were like sitting on the fence 
in November and December, they are now quite active now and the clarity and whatever we 
have -- we had to do some certifications and all that has been done. And this volume will 
significantly go up in Q4 onwards. 
Aniket Madhwani: All right. So which country accounts the most from this 6,000 to 7,000 tons? I mean which 
country? 
Anish Bansal: Currently, Europe holds the largest market share. 
Aniket Madhwani: Okay. And what about the margin level? Exports does have higher margins than the domestic? 
Anish Bansal: Yes. Currently, the margins will certainly go up. Right now, our first focus was to make the 
customers aware of our company, aware of our products, aware of our quality. So now 
everything in last 1 year, that has been set. All the markets, the certification processes have been 
-- all have been done. And going forward, now we are in a position where we can leverage on 
these things. 
Aniket Madhwani: All right. And secondly, what is the outstanding order book do you have currently? 
Anish Bansal: Sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Aniket Madhwani: What is the outstanding order book? 
Anish Bansal: For export? 
Aniket Madhwani: Aggregate level, on aggregate level. 
Anish Bansal: Domestic and exports both, right? 
Aniket Madhwani: Yes. 
Anish Bansal: Yes. So currently, the order book stands between INR200 crores to INR250 crores. This 
comprises of all our large EPC orders, our solar orders and export orders and some institutional. 
Aniket Madhwani: Okay. And from this INR200 crores to INR250 crores of orders, how much is from exports? I 
mean how much does it come from export? 
Anish Bansal: About INR20 crores.  
Moderator: As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anish 
Bansal for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
[page 13]
 Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
  February 07, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Anish Bansal: In closing, I would like to extend my sincere thanks to our customers for their continued trust, 
our employees for their dedication and commitment and our shareholders for their unwavering 
confidence in Hi-Tech Pipes Limited. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Hi-Tech Pipes Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
