SOURCE: inputs/announcements/AGM_Outcome_2026-07-30.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
INEL/SE/2026-27/19 
July 30, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited    BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Plot No C 1, G Block,       Dalal Street, Fort  
Bandra Kurla Complex,        Mumbai 400 001  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051      Scrip: 532240 
Scrip: INDNIPPON 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Proceedings of the 41st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 30th July 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( “SEBI Listing Regulations ”), we wish to inform you that the 4 1st Annual 
General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Members of India Nippon Electricals Limited (“the Company”) was held today 
i.e., July 30, 2026 at 10:00 AM through Video Conference ( “VC”)/ Other Audio -Visual Means ( “OAVM”) and 
the businesses mentioned in the Notice convening the AGM were transacted.                       
 
In this connection, please find enclosed the Summary of Proceedings of the AGM. 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully  
For India Nippon Electricals Limited 
 
 
 
 
S Logitha 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A29260 
Encl.: As above 
S 
LOGITHA
Digitally signed 
by S LOGITHA 
Date: 2026.07.30 
17:54:55 +05'30'
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
Summary of Proceedings of the 41st Annual General Meeting  
 
The 41st Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the members of India Nippon Electricals Limited (“the Company”) 
was held on Thursday, 30th July 2026 at 10:00 AM (IST) through video conferencing /other audio-visual means 
(“VC/OAVM”).  
 
The AGM was held in compliance with  the General Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and 
circulars issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’) and as per the applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder  and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Panellists: 
 
Directors, KMP and management team present through VC 
 
Name Designation 
Mr T K Balaji Chairman 
Mr Arvind Balaji Managing Director 
Ms Priyamvada Balaji Director 
Mr Anant J Talaulicar Independent Director 
Mr Heramb R Hajarnavis Independent Director 
Ms Gangapriya Chakraverti Independent Director 
Mr Elango Srinivasan Chief Financial Officer 
Ms Logitha S Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mr Ravinder Sharma President 
 
The representatives of M/s Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP , Statutory Auditors; M/s S.A.E. & Associates LLP , 
Secretarial Auditors; Mr K. Suryanarayanan, Cost Auditor; M/s BP & Associates, Scrutinisers were present 
during the meeting.  
 
Quorum: 
 
39 members attended the meeting through video conferencing. 
 
 
 
 
===== PAGE 3 =====
 
 
Proceedings of the meeting: 
 
As per the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr T K Balaji, Chairman of the Board, took the Chair and 
welcomed the members and panellists to the 41st AGM of the Company.  Upon confirmation that the requisite 
quorum was present, the Chairman called the meeting to order and introduced the panellists for the benefit 
of the members present. The Chairpersons of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee 
and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee were present at the meeting. 
 
Thereafter, the Chairman invited Mr Arvind Balaji, Managing Director (MD) of the Company to address the 
members.  
 
After MD’s speech, the Company Secretary, with the permission of the Chairman, informed the members that 
the Register of Directors, KMP and their shareholding and Register of Contracts were available for inspection 
by the members.  
 
The Company Secretary read out the items specified in the Notice convening the Annual General Meeting: 
 
S No Description of Resolution Type of resolution 
Ordinary Business 
1.  To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of 
the Company for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2026 
Ordinary Resolution 
2.  To confirm the Interim Dividend for the year 2025-26 Ordinary Resolution 
3.  To appoint a director in place of Mr. T.K. Balaji (DIN: 00 002010), 
who retires by rotation and being eligible offers h imself for re -
appointment. 
Ordinary Resolution 
Special Business 
4.  To ratify the remuneration payable to Mr. K Suryanarayanan, the 
Cost Auditor of the Compan y for the financial year ending 31 st 
March 2027. 
Ordinary Resolution 
5.  To re-appoint Ms. Gangapriya Chakraverti (DIN: 00378385) as an 
Independent Director of the Company. 
Special Resolution 
6.  To re-appoint Mr. Heramb Ravindra Hajarnavis (DIN: 01680435) as 
an Independent Director of the Company. 
Special Resolution 
 
 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 
 
The Notice convening the AGM and the Annual Report of the Company for the financial year ended 31st March 
2026, were taken as read as  the same were already circulated to the members. As the Statutory Auditors’ 
Report and Secretarial Auditors’ Report, did not contain any qualifications/adverse remarks, they were also 
taken as read.  
 
Shareholders queries 
 
The Company Secretary then invited the members who had registered with the Company, to express views/ 
raise queries. The moderator from Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) unmuted each member 
when they were invited to speak. The members queries were appropriately answered by Mr Arvind B alaji, 
Managing Director; Mr Ravinder Sharma, President and Mr Elango Srinivasan, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Intimation on appointment of Scrutiniser and e-voting process 
 
The Company Secretary informed the members that as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Rules made thereunder , the Company had provided the members with the facility to cast their vote 
electronically from 09:00 hrs of July 27, 2026, to 17:00 hrs of July 29, 2026. Members who were present at the 
AGM and had not cast their v otes during remote e -voting were provided an opportunity to cast their votes 
electronically during the meeting and up to 15 minutes from the conclusion of the meeting. 
 
Further, the Company Secretary informed the Members that the Company had appointed  Mr. C. Prabhakar 
(FCS No. 11722 CP No. 11033) from M/s. BP & Associates, Practising Company Secretaries as the Scrutinizer to 
scrutinize the remote E-voting and E-voting at the AGM in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
The Company Secretary further informed that the voting results would be announced within two working days 
from the conclusion of AGM. The results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report would be intimated to 
the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and shall also be uploaded 
on the website of the Company and the Central Depository Services Limited. 
 
Vote of thanks 
 
The Chairman of the meeting, Mr. T K Balaji, thanked the members for their continued support and declared 
the meeting as closed. 
 
The meeting concluded at 10:52 AM IST. 