SOURCE: inputs/annual-report/Annual_Report_2025.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
INEL/SE/2025-26/20              August 28, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited    BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Plot no C 1, G Block,       Dalal Street, Fort  
Bandra Kurla Complex,        Mumbai 400 001  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051      Scrip: 532240 
Scrip: INDNIPPON 
 
Subject: Notice of 40th Annual General Meeting and Annual Report - FY 2024-25 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
The 40th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company will be held on Friday, 1 9th September, 2025 at                  
10:00 A.M. IST through Video Conferencing/Other Audio-Visual Means. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the Notice convening the 40th AGM and the Annual Report of the Company, including the 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, for the financial year 202 4-25 which is being sent through 
electronic mode to all those members of the Company whose email addresses are registered with the Company 
and/or Depository Participant(s). 
 
The Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report for the financial year 202 4-25 is also uploaded on the 
Company’s website at https://indianippon.com/investors and the website of Central Depository Services Limited 
at www.evotingindia.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours Sincerely  
For India Nippon Electricals Limited 
 
 
 
S Logitha 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A29260 
Encl: As Above 
SEKAR 
LOGITHA
Digitally signed by SEKAR 
LOGITHA 
Date: 2025.08.28 21:49:22 
+05'30'
===== PAGE 2 =====

===== PAGE 3 =====
04
About the 
Company
06
Our 
Journey
14
Management 
Message
Across  
the Pages
04-50
Corporate Overview 
Built on Trust. Driven by Innovation. 04
Driven by Passion. Designing for Tomorrow. 06
Inspired by People. Engineered by INEL. 08
Leading with Vision. Building with Purpose. 14
Engineering Progress. Utilizing Technology. 18
Driven by Innovation. Powered by Technology. 20
Annual Technology Show 22
Fueled by Design. Assured by Quality. 24
Harnessing Potential. Powering Excellence. 25
Inspiring Numbers. Propelled by Progress. 26
Rooted in Care. Inspired by Nature. 30
Fueled by Workforce. Strengthened by People. 34
Founder’s Day 2025 40
Connected Communities. Smarter Tomorrows. 42
Sustainable Governance. Scalable Innovation. 43
Fueled by Purpose. Powered by Vision. 44
Tomorrow’s Engineers. Today’s Champions. 48
Corporate Information 50
===== PAGE 4 =====
26
Financials
20
R&D
34
Employees
51-170
Statutory Reports 
Notice to Shareholders 51
Board’s Report 68
Report on Corporate Governance 88
Management Discussion and Analysis 113
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report 126
171-293
Financial Statements 
Standalone 171
Consolidated 235
Disclaimer
This document contains statements about expected future events 
and financials of India Nippon Electricals Limited (‘The Company’), 
which are ‘forward-looking.’ By their nature, forward-looking 
statements require the Company to make assumptions and are 
subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. There is a significant 
risk that the assumptions, predictions, and other forward-looking 
statements may not prove to be accurate. Readers are cautioned 
not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as 
several factors could cause assumptions, actual future results and 
events to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-
looking statements. Accordingly, this document is subject to the 
disclaimer and qualified in its entirety by the assumptions, 
qualifications and risk factors referred to in the Management 
Discussion and Analysis section of this Annual Report.
Or simply scan the 
QR code below
For more investor-related information, please visit 
https://indianippon.com/investor/
===== PAGE 5 =====
Engineered for Tomorrow.
Inspired by People.
Fueled by Technology.
Mobility in India is not just 
about getting from one place 
to another; it is a reflection of 
lifestyle, aspiration, and 
progress. As the country 
moves toward a cleaner and 
smarter future, the two-
wheeler segment stands at 
the crossroads of 
transformation. With millions 
relying on two-wheelers every 
day, this category is evolving 
faster than ever, influenced by 
rising environmental 
consciousness, changing 
consumer behavior, and rapid 
technological advancement. 
The growing popularity of 
premium two-wheelers signals 
a shift in market expectations, 
while electric vehicles are 
steadily carving out space 
alongside the enduring 
presence of internal 
combustion engines.
India Nippon Electricals 
Limited sees this moment not 
as a challenge but as a 
remarkable opportunity to 
lead with clarity and purpose. 
By building on our core 
strengths in ICE technologies 
and simultaneously investing in 
electric mobility, we are driving 
a two-pronged approach that 
addresses the realities of today 
and the needs of tomorrow. 
Our expertise in engineering, 
design, and validation has 
enabled us to refine ICE 
offerings and support them with 
new-age technologies that 
enhance performance and 
efficiency. At the same time, we 
are actively developing 
next-generation products for 
electric two-wheelers, guided 
by innovation and a deep 
understanding of evolving 
mobility trends.
Our commitment to engineering 
excellence is reflected in the 
synergy between people and 
technology. It is our skilled and 
passionate workforce that 
powers our innovation engine, 
supported by cutting-edge 
tools and world-class 
As the country moves toward a 
cleaner and smarter future, the 
two-wheeler segment stands at 
the crossroads of transformation.

===== PAGE 6 =====
manufacturing systems. From concept 
to production, we bring precision, 
speed, and quality to every 
component we create. This integrated 
approach has earned us the trust of 
leading OEMs and positioned us as a 
reliable partner in a competitive and 
fast-moving industry.
We are also making strong progress 
in transition technologies like 
Integrated Starter Generators, which 
represent a meaningful step toward 
more sustainable powertrains. These 
technologies not only support the 
gradual shift to electrification but also 
offer enhanced value to our 
customers in the interim. Through 
continued investment in research and 
product development, we aim to stay 
ahead of the curve and respond to 
market needs with agility and 
confidence.
At INEL, we are not simply keeping 
pace with change, we are shaping it. 
Our objective is built on the belief 
that sustainability, innovation, and 
performance can go hand in hand. As 
we continue to scale new frontiers in 
both ICE and EV domains, we remain 
focused on delivering intelligent, 
future-ready solutions that drive the 
next era of mobility forward.
Key Highlights of 2024-25
Where We Stand
14.1%
 EBITD A Margin
`84,483 Lakhs
 R evenue
`8,203 Lakhs
 PA T
`12,363 Lakhs
 EBITD A
9.4%
 P AT Margin
`12.5 Per Share
 Consistent Dividend T rack Record
Debt-Free
Tier 1
 Supplier to Major 
A
uto OEMs
14.30%
 3- Y ear Revenue 
CAGR
41 Years
 of Experience
2,315
 Employees
3
 M anufacturing 
Plants
1
 S tate-of-the-Art 
Research Center

===== PAGE 7 =====
At India Nippon Electricals Limited (also referred to as ‘INEL,’ ‘The Company’  or ‘We’), 
we have earned our place in the industry by doing one thing consistently, delivering 
reliable, high-performance electronic ignition systems tailored for two-wheelers. 
Trusted by leading OEMs, we focus on engineering custom ignition components that 
are application-specific and performance-driven. Our leadership in this space is built 
on domain expertise, sustained innovation, and long-standing partnerships. Today, 
that same commitment is guiding us as we step confidently into the electric vehicle 
(EV) space, expanding our capabilities to serve a future shaped by cleaner mobility.
Innovation is at the core of everything 
we do. As markets evolve, so do we 
- consistently expanding our product 
portfolio and enhancing our 
technological capabilities. By 
integrating cutting-edge components 
such as sensors, controllers, 
converters, and engine control units, 
we are building systems that are 
smarter, more efficient, and future-
ready. Our vision of moving beyond 
traditional internal combustion engines 
reflects a clear, forward-looking vision, 
positioning us as a versatile and 
dynamic player in the industry.
Our portfolio of high-quality, purpose-
built products has earned us a robust 
customer base within India, while our 
presence across global markets 
continues to strengthen. Known for 
unwavering focus on quality and 
reliability, INEL maintains a leading 
position in the small engine markets, 
where our products consistently 
deliver superior performance.
Embracing the future of mobility, we 
are strategically expanding into 
high-growth segments such as EVs. 
Leveraging our deep technical 
expertise, we engineer customized 
solutions that address the unique and 
evolving needs of this rapidly 
advancing market.
Our strategically located 
manufacturing facilities empower us 
to efficiently serve customers across 
India and in international markets. As 
we expand our production 
capabilities, we remain firmly 
committed to service excellence, 
operational precision, and sustained 
growth. Our trusted customer base 
includes some of the most respected 
names in the automotive and 
non-automotive sectors, reinforcing 
INEL’s strong footprint across 
domestic and global markets. 
Mission
To be a preferred supplier of 
Ignition Systems for 
Automotive and General-
Purpose engines. To design, 
develop and supply cost 
competitive, high-quality 
products to meet customer 
requirements through 
involvement of employees and 
suppliers through use of 
contemporary technology.
Vision
To become a partner of 
choice for our customers 
for the supply of 
Electricals and Electronic 
Products for automotive 
and non-automotive 
domains.
Built on Trust. 
Driven by Innovation.
About the 
Company
4
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 8 =====
Shareholding Pattern (%) As of 31st March, 2025
Lucas Indian Service Limited70.32
Promoter Individual0.05
Public Shareholders29.63
Note: Both Mahle Holding India Private Limited and Mahle Electric Drives 
Japan Corporation, promoter entities of the Company had sold their 
entire holding to Lucas Indian Service Limited, the other promoter entity 
through inter se transfer among promoters, on 26
th June, 2023. Post this 
transaction, the holding of Lucas Indian Service Limited in the Company 
rose from 50.80% to 70.32%.
Global Footprint
Driven by a bold vision for global growth, we are accelerating our international 
expansion by targeting high-potential markets and exploring new application areas. 
A central pillar of this strategy is the ramp-up of exports to North America, enabled 
through strategic partnerships with leading global OEMs. With a strengthened 
presence across North America, ASEAN, and Europe, INEL is now focused on scaling 
its export operations and enhancing aftermarket services to deepen our impact in 
every market we serve. Today, we proudly supply to over 10 countries worldwide.
Domestic
96%
Export4%
The Living 
Values
We INEL are a value driven 
organization. These values are a set 
of beliefs that bind us across our 
individual identities and bring about a 
common belief. The values were 
discussed across employee groups 
and the values explained to all 
employees in different forums 
including the Founders day, Townhall, 
Business update communication 
meetings etc. 
The 5 Values we identify with are:
Integrity & Quality of Work
We honor our commitments—to 
ourselves, our teams, our customers, and 
our organization—by consistently doing 
what we say we will do. We trust one 
another and work together to deliver on 
our promises, never seeking excuses but 
finding multiple ways to achieve our 
goals. Our culture is built on mutual 
respect, transparency, and accountability. 
We value every team member, openly 
acknowledge our mistakes, and use 
them as opportunities to strengthen trust 
and drive continuous improvement.
Innovation and Innovative 
Mindset
It opens doors to new solutions - 
whether for persistent challenges or 
emerging bottlenecks. It means rising 
above incremental thinking to 
improve products and processes that 
truly solve customer problems. Our 
short- and long-term success 
depends on our ability to fearlessly 
embrace creativity and weave 
innovation into our daily work. 
Innovation keeps us relevant and is a 
powerful force that attracts customers 
across domains and geographies.
Driven To Be World Class
Passionate in our pursuit of 
excellence, we strive for global 
standards across our manufacturing, 
products, and processes. The true 
measure of an excellence-driven 
company lies in customer trust and 
loyalty—their continued association is 
our strongest endorsement.
Being a Net Contributor
We uphold the value of staying relevant 
and conscious in everything we do. Our 
aim is to ensure that society, our 
community, and all stakeholders - investors, 
customers, and employees - take pride in 
being associated with us. Guided by this 
principle, we consistently act in the best 
interests of our stakeholders, creating a 
lasting positive impact and building 
goodwill for the organization.
Anticipation and Being Proactive
Leadership at every level is defined by the ability to anticipate change—whether 
in patterns, demand, needs, problems, or bottlenecks—and to proactively address 
them. True leaders keep the organization adaptable and agile, ensuring resilience 
in the face of challenges. Leadership rooted in technical or subject expertise 
enables the organization to navigate effectively, preventing crises and reactive 
firefighting, and fostering smooth, systematic progress.
5 
VALUES 
OF INEL
Integrity 
& Quality 
of Work
01
0205
0304
Driven 
to be 
World 
Class
Innovation 
/Innovative 
mindset
Anticipation 
& Being 
Proactive
Being a 
Net 
Contributor
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
5
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 9 =====
Driven by Passion.  
Designing for Tomorrow.
Our 
Journey
Our journey is powered by a deep-rooted passion for innovation and excellence. At 
INEL, everything we build is shaped by a clear intent: to solve today’s problems while 
anticipating the challenges of tomorrow. Over the decades, through consistent effort, 
cross-functional collaboration, and a forward-looking mindset, we have transformed 
ideas into realities, setting new benchmarks in our industry.
1994-1998
1984-1988
 Incorporation of the 
Company and its 
conversion into a joint 
venture
.
 Establishment of a 
manufacturing unit in 
Hosur
, Tamil Nadu. 
 Commencement of 
production and supply 
to TV
S-Suzuki (now TVS 
Motor Company), Bajaj 
Auto, and Hero Motors.
1989-1993
 Introduction of electronic  
ignition systems for TVS 
Champ. 
 Supply to Birla Y amaha 
(now Birla Power 
Solutions), Hero 
MotoCorp Limited 
(formerly Hero Honda 
Motors Limited), Honda 
Siel Power Products 
Limited, and India 
Yamaha Motor Private 
Limited.
 Introduction of Integral 
Unit (IU) for Mopeds.
 Export of ignition coils to K okusan 
Denki Co. Limited, Japan.
 R ecognition by the Department of 
Science and Technology, 
Government of India. 
 Supply to Mahindra T wo-
Wheelers (formerly Kinetic Honda 
Limited) and Royal Enfield Motors 
Limited. 
 Commencement of supply of 
multi-pole flywheel magnetos and 
regulator for BAL K
ubota Engine. 
 Certification by B VQI for ISO 
9001 Quality System for Hosur 
Unit.
6
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 10 =====
1999-2003
 Supply to Greaves, LML, Piaggio India, Honda 
Motorcycle
, and Scooter India Limited. 
 Commencement of supply of digital CDI ignition 
system.
 Introduction of CDI-cum-flasher unit for 4S motorcycle .
 Supply to L ombardini India for their 422cc engine. 
 Certification by B VQI for QS-9000 Quality system 
and ISO 14001 EMS System for Hosur Unit.
 Commencement of e xports 
to Kohler USA, Kawasaki 
Heavy Industries, Thailand 
through Mahle EDJC, Arpres, 
Türkiye, Novamark, Slovenia. 
 Supply of ignition coils to 
Dell’
Orto, Italy. 
 S tart of CDI business to Hero 
MotoCorp for Scooter. 
 A ward to ACG business for 
scooter model by Suzuki, 
India and ‘Excellence in 
Technology’ by ACMA.
 Expansion into new product line: sensors, 
display
, entry in EV segment through DCDC. 
 Global technical tie-up for ECG and EFU . 
 Acquisition of new customers in North America.
 Introduction of ISG machine , opening new R&D 
center, and expansion of manufacturing plant.
 Certified as a ‘ Great Place to Work’ for the 4th 
time in a row.
2004-2008
 Supply to Greaves for their 
general-purpose engine
. 
 Commencement of e xports to 
Lombardini Italy, Modenas 
Malaysia, Tomos, Slovenia, and 
Beldeyama/Ramzey, Türkiye. 
 S tart of contract manufacturing 
of ECU for Delphi-TVS.
 Commencement of e xports to 
Yanmar, Italy. 
 A ward for ISO/ TS16949:2002 
certification for all three 
manufacturing locations of 
INEL by BVCI.
2009-2013
2019-2023
2014-2018
 P artnership with 
Athena, Italy for EFI.
 R enewable Energy; 
wind energy usage.
 Acquisition of MED J and MHIPL’s 
stake of 44.15 Lakh shares by LIS 
amounting to 19.51% and LIS 
holding became 70.32%. 
 Maintained No . 1 position in 
ignition systems for the past three 
years, while consistently 
expanding customer base across 
ICE and EV segments.
 Introduction of new products, 
including sensors and ICE+ 
products (high efficiency
, ISG 
Systems). 
 Completed factory e xpansion with 
ongoing capacity enhancements. 
 Increased strategic focus on 
e
xports and the aftermarket 
segment to drive growth.
 R eceived Gold Certification for 
the Hosur facility under the 
GreenCo rating system from CII.
2023 onwards
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
7
Corporate Overview
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 11 =====
Inspired by People.   
Engineered by INEL.
Product 
Portfolio
Driven by a deep understanding of our customers and their evolving needs, we 
continue to lead the ignition systems space with a robust and diverse portfolio of 
custom-engineered components. Our solutions are built to support OEMs across the 
automotive sector: from internal combustion engines to the fast-growing EV 
segment. Backed by a strong legacy in electronic ignition products, INEL is now 
actively shaping the future of mobility, through innovation, engineering precision, 
and a clear sense of purpose.
Product Development 
Process
Our product development process is 
anchored in innovation, market 
insight, and close collaboration with 
customers. We invest significantly in 
R&D to remain ahead of the 
technology curve and aligned with 
evolving regulatory requirements. Our 
process follows a structured, 
outcome-driven approach:
Innovation and 
Market Analysis
We continuously track 
industry trends, customer 
challenges, and regulatory 
updates to uncover new 
product opportunities and 
improve existing solutions.
Customer 
Collaboration
We adopt a collaborative 
development model with our 
OEM customers. We actively 
undertake detailed 
discussions from the initial 
concept phase, to 
thoroughly understand their 
technical requirements, 
vehicle architecture, and 
performance goals.
Feasibility and 
Concept 
Development
Our R&D team conducts 
comprehensive feasibility 
studies, evaluating design 
alternatives, materials, and 
manufacturability. Concept 
models and prototypes are 
created and reviewed with 
stakeholders to gather early 
feedback.
Design and 
Engineering
Once the concept is finalized, 
we move into detailed 
design, covering hardware 
architecture, software 
development for electronic 
and smart components, and 
mechanical integration to 
ensure seamless functionality. 
We utilize advanced tools like 
CAD, simulation software, 
and FMEA to ensure robust 
and reliable designs.
8
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 12 =====
Regulatory 
Compliance
Throughout the development 
lifecycle, we ensure strict 
adherence to safety and emission 
regulations, including BS-VI and 
AIS standards, along with all 
applicable functional safety 
requirements.
Prototyping and 
Validation
We employ rapid prototyping 
methods to develop functional 
samples, which undergo extensive 
testing under thermal, electrical, 
mechanical, and environmental 
conditions. This rigorous 
validation process guarantees that 
our products meet or surpass 
customer expectations and 
regulatory standards.
This customer-centric and 
methodical approach 
enables us to deliver 
technologically advanced 
products that are well-
aligned with both current 
market demands and 
future trends.
Go-to-Market Strategy for Products
The development and successful launch of a product begins with a comprehensive market analysis. This ensures that our 
offerings are strategically aligned with market needs and our organizational capabilities.
Key Elements of Our Market Analysis and Product Launch Strategy
Competitive Landscape 
Assessment
We undertake thorough 
evaluation of the competition. 
We analyze the strengths, 
weaknesses, positioning, and 
pricing models of our 
competitors. This  enables us 
to identify gaps in the market 
and create meaningful 
differentiation.
Target Market 
Segmentation
We begin by identifying and 
segmenting the target market, 
analyzing key factors such as 
customer demographics, 
purchasing behaviors, 
geographic presence, and 
industry-specific needs. This 
allows us to identify high-impact 
opportunities where our 
products and technical strengths 
can deliver the greatest value.
Customer-Centric 
Communication
Our communication strategy 
focuses on demonstrating how 
each product solves real-world 
challenges and delivers 
measurable value to the customer. 
We tailor our messaging to align 
with the priorities and operating 
context of each customer segment, 
ensuring relevance and impact.
Defining the Value 
Proposition
We clearly articulate the unique 
benefits, features, and solutions 
of our product. Our value 
proposition is designed to 
clearly articulate how our 
product stands apart, by directly 
addressing specific market 
challenges with targeted, 
effective solutions.
Understanding 
Customer Needs
A deep understanding of 
customer pain points, 
expectations, and emerging 
challenges is central to our 
approach. This allows us to 
proactively adapt our offerings 
to meet current requirements 
and anticipate future demands.
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
9
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 13 =====
Customer Engagement 
and Promotion
We actively participate in 
automotive expos and technical 
shows to generate awareness and 
build interest. These platforms 
allow us to showcase our 
innovations, engage with 
prospective customers, and gather 
real-time feedback.
Pricing Strategy
We conduct an in-depth analysis 
of prevailing market prices and 
assess the price sensitivity of 
our target audience. By studying 
competitor pricing and 
evaluating customer value 
perception, we establish a 
pricing model that balances 
market competitiveness with 
sustainable profitability.
By aligning these strategic elements, 
we create a comprehensive and 
execution-ready framework for 
successful product introduction.
Comprehensive Product Portfolio
A modern automotive ignition system is an advanced replacement for traditional mechanical setups found in older 
vehicles. Its core function is to ignite the air-fuel mixture within the engine cylinders at precisely the right moment, 
enabling optimal combustion and efficient power generation.
AC Generator/
Flywheel Magneto
This permanent magnet 
generator is designed to 
efficiently power vehicle 
electrical systems and 
charge the battery.
Regulator and 
Rectifier
The regulator and rectifier 
are essential components 
that manage the AC 
output from the 
generator, ensuring it 
meets the specific 
requirements for lighting 
and battery charging.
Integral Unit
This electronic unit 
delivers precise inputs 
to the ignition coil at the 
right moment, facilitating 
the generation of high 
voltage.
Ignition Coil
The ignition coil serves 
as a high-voltage 
transformer in an 
automobile’s ignition 
system. It converts the 
battery’s low voltage into 
the thousands of volts 
required to generate an 
electric spark in the spark 
plug, igniting the air-fuel 
mixture.
Electronic Ignition System
10
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 14 =====
Controllers encompass a range of electronic control units (ECUs) and modules that manage and coordinate key 
systems within a modern vehicle. As automotive electronics become increasingly sophisticated, these controllers have 
become essential to monitoring, regulating, and optimizing the performance of multiple interconnected subsystems. 
A notable innovation in this space is the Integrated Starter Generator (ISG) System, which combines the functions of a 
conventional starter motor and an electric generator into a single, efficient unit. This helps in achieving improved fuel 
efficiency, smoother engine starts, and enhanced hybrid functionality.
ISG System
ISG Machine
This permanent magnet machine is 
engineered to function both as a 
motor for engine starting—replacing 
the conventional starter motor—and a 
generator, akin to a magneto in 
traditional systems, to power the 
vehicle’s electrical loads.
ISG Controller
This controller is engineered to work in 
sync with the machine, initially driving it 
as a motor to start the engine, and then 
seamlessly transitioning to support 
battery charging.
EFI ECU
The ECU manages fuel and ignition in 
an ICE, ensuring smooth and efficient 
vehicle operation under varying 
conditions by processing data from 
multiple sensors. Additionally, it plays 
a vital role in regulating vehicle 
emissions.
Controllers
Modern vehicles rely on a sophisticated network of sensors strategically embedded across the system to track 
performance and collect real-time data on operating conditions. These sensors form the backbone of advanced 
automotive technologies, enabling features such as predictive maintenance, enhanced safety systems, and optimized 
engine and vehicle performance.
Sensors
Position 
Sensor
Angle 
Sensor
Pressure 
Sensor
Temperature 
Sensor
Oil-Level 
Sensor
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
11
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 15 =====
It refers to the instrument cluster or dashboard panel positioned on the handlebars or front section of a two-wheeled 
vehicle, displaying vital information such as speed, fuel level, engine status, and other performance metrics to the rider. 
Additionally, a display system has been developed for stationary engines, providing real-time data and operational insights.
Clusters
INEL has established a state-of-the-art technology center in Tamil Nadu, dedicated to advancing cutting-edge EV 
technologies. The center focuses on developing emission control and compliance systems, alongside a wide range of 
mechatronic products. By integrating innovative hardware with intelligent software solutions, the facility is enabling 
versatile applications across multiple vehicle segments, firmly positioning us at the leading edge of the EV transition.
Tyre Pressure Monitoring 
System (TPMS)
This is a vital safety feature in both 
conventional and electric vehicles. It 
continuously monitors the air 
pressure in the tyres and alerts the 
driver in case of a significant drop. 
This helps prevent reduced vehicle 
performance, increased tyre wear, 
and potential safety hazards.
Side Stand Sensor
It is a safety feature that sends a 
signal to the ECU to prevent engine 
operation if the side stand is in the 
lowered position and not disengaged, 
helping to avoid accidents during 
vehicle startup or movement.
DC-DC Converter
These converters are essential for 
EVs, as they play a crucial role in 
managing power flow and ensuring 
compatibility between various 
electrical systems in an electric 
vehicle. Their primary function is to 
convert high-voltage DC power from 
the main battery pack, typically 
operating at several hundred volts, 
into lower voltage levels required by 
auxiliary systems and components.
Electric Vehicles
Under Development
Traction Motor
Traction motors are 
electrically powered 
devices that generate the 
torque needed to drive the 
wheels of a vehicle. They 
are typically mounted within 
the bogies or trucks, where 
the wheels are located, 
providing direct propulsion.
Motor Controller
It is a critical component 
in an EV that regulates 
and controls the operation 
of the electric motor. It 
manages the flow of 
power from the vehicle’s 
battery to the motor, 
enabling precise control 
over the motor’s speed, 
torque, and direction.
12
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 16 =====
At INEL, we have a dedicated team focused on the aftermarket 
sector, driving strategic initiatives to strengthen our brand 
presence, expand our product range, and improve our 
distribution networks. Consistent promotional activities allow 
us to maximize business value while expanding our market 
reach. Additionally, we conduct skill development programs for 
two-wheeler mechanics, underscoring our commitment to 
improving service quality and contributing to community 
advancement. Our aftermarket sales have shown impressive 
growth, achieving a robust CAGR of 25% over the last five 
years. Looking ahead, we are focused on accelerating  growth 
by expanding into international markets, demonstrating our 
strategic commitment to expanding our aftermarket segment.
Aftermarket Sector
2024-25 Highlights
During the year, we introduced new products for 
overseas markets, supported by the growing 
demand for premium vehicles and our strong 
product development capabilities. On the 
domestic front, we successfully upgraded all our 
existing products to comply with BS6 norms and 
have progressed toward OBD II-B readiness. The 
quick phase-out and introduction of new vehicle 
models by our customers demanded increased 
agility and development efforts, and we remained 
committed to meeting these expectations through 
continuous innovation and adaptability. At the 
same time, we faced high fluctuations in customer 
demand and frequent supply chain disruptions.
After Market Sales (in ` Million)
381
2020-21
549
2021-22
694
2022-23
836
2023-24
950
2024-25
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
13
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 17 =====
Leading with Vision.    
Building with Purpose.
Management 
Message
Among the highlights of the year 
was the launch of a patented 
power boost regulator, which has 
enhanced the efficiency. Our 
advanced controller 
development roadmap includes 
two new launches in 2025 with 
driveassist functionalities, 
keeping us aligned with next-
generation mobility needs.
Dear Stakeholders,
2024–25 has been a pivotal period 
for India Nippon Electricals Limited, 
marked by significant transformation 
and progress across all facets of our 
business. Our journey has always 
been guided by a clear vision: to 
become a global leader in electrical 
and electronic solutions for the 
automotive industry, setting new 
standards in quality, reliability, and 
sustainability. Today, as the world 
moves decisively toward cleaner and 
smarter mobility, INEL’s commitment 
to excellence and innovation has 
never been more vital or more 
resolute.
India’s Evolving 
Landscape
We are at a critical juncture in the 
global economic landscape; what the 
United Nations has aptly described as 
a ‘precarious moment.’ While 
uncertainty continues to weigh on 
several major economies, India has 
emerged as a rare outlier, 
demonstrating resilience, consistency, 
and strong forward momentum. 
According to projections, the Indian 
economic growth rate was reported 
at 6.5% in 2024-25, the highest 
among major global economies. This 
positive trajectory is expected to 
continue into 2026, with growth 
forecasted to reach 6.5%.
India’s resilient growth story is 
underpinned by strong economic 
fundamentals, a favorable 
14
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 18 =====
demographic profile, and a sustained 
push for structural reforms, creating a 
conducive environment for 
businesses to thrive. At INEL, we 
recognize both the opportunities and 
challenges that such a dynamic 
environment presents. By aligning 
with market shifts and prioritizing 
innovation, quality, and customer-
centric excellence, we remain a 
trusted partner in the automotive 
industry’s transformational journey.
Our Commitment to 
Excellence
The year gone by was shaped by our 
strong commitment to innovation, 
customer-centricity, and a sharp focus 
on operational excellence. This 
momentum is clearly reflected in our 
expanding market share, successful 
product introductions, and our 
continued ability to outperform 
broader industry trends. We are 
proud to have retained the number 
one position in ignition systems for 
the third consecutive year, reaffirming 
our technological leadership and the 
trust placed in us by our customers.
At the core of our growth story lies 
our two-wheeler business, which 
delivered an impressive 16% growth, 
significantly above the industry’s 10% 
expansion. This was largely fueled by 
strong rural demand and deeper 
customer engagement initiatives. 
Complementing this, our Internal 
Combustion Engine (ICE) segment 
exceeded expectations with 10% 
growth versus 6% projected, 
demonstrating that while the industry 
is transitioning, the ICE segment 
continues to play a vital role in India’s 
mobility landscape - and INEL 
remains at the forefront of that 
evolution.
We further strengthened our 
conventional product portfolio, 
including AC Generators, Ignition 
Controllers, Ignition Coils, and 
Voltage Regulators, catering to 
two- and three-wheelers as well as 
general-purpose engines. A key 
achievement this year was securing 
export orders for ignition system 
products and sensors from a leading 
U.S.-based customer, expanding our 
global footprint and reinforcing the 
international relevance of our 
products.
Parallelly, the electrification journey in 
India gained steady momentum, with 
17% year-on-year growth in the EV 
segment. Although EVs currently 
comprise just 7% of the total vehicle 
market, the potential is unmistakable. 
We have positioned ourselves 
strategically in this evolving space by 
expanding our EV product suite, 
controllers, sensors, displays, and 
DC-DC converters. This positions us 
well to benefit from an increasingly 
regulated and forward-looking 
mobility environment.
Our focus on product and market 
diversification has also yielded record 
results in the after-market business, 
which achieved its highest-ever sales. 
This performance highlights the 
strength of our distribution network 
and the sustained demand for 
reliable, high-quality components. 
Importantly, our commitment to value 
engineering and value analysis has 
helped customers reduce costs 
without compromising performance.
To support future-ready operations, 
we are making bold strides in 
digitalization and automation, 
investing in robotics, process 
optimization, and in-house machine 
building. These initiatives have not 
only enhanced plant efficiency and 
capacity scalability, but also helped to 
reduce lead time and enhance 
capacity, underpinning our resilience 
and scalability in a rapidly shifting 
industry.
Innovation continues to be the 
cornerstone of our strategy. Among 
the highlights of the year was the 
launch of a patented power boost 
regulator, which has enhanced the  
efficiency. Our advanced controller 
development roadmap includes two 
At the core of our growth 
story lies our two-
wheeler business, which 
delivered an impressive 
16% growth, significantly 
above the industry’s 10% 
expansion.
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
15
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 19 =====
new launches in 2025 with drive-
assist functionalities, keeping us 
aligned with next-generation mobility 
needs.
In tandem, our strategic global 
partnerships in Electronic Fuel 
Injection (EFI) technologies are 
yielding tangible results, combining 
global expertise with local insights to 
deliver advanced, compliant, and 
high-performance solutions. We have 
also expanded our reach in the 
Integrated Starter Generator (ISG) 
category and started supplying to 
major OEMs, and further received a 
business nomination from another 
major OEM for two and three-
wheelers. 
On the business development front, 
we recorded key wins with leading 
players from both the domestic and 
export markets. These successes not 
only bolster our domestic position but 
also reflect our increasing 
international acceptance. At the same 
time, we are proactively responding 
to global geopolitical uncertainties 
and export headwinds by de-risking 
our supply chain.
A Foundation for 
Sustained Growth
2024-25 was marked by solid 
financial achievements that have 
positioned us well to enter the next 
phase of growth, innovation, and 
strategic expansion. Our Profit Before 
Tax (PBT) reached ₹10,268 Lakhs, 
supported by an operational profit of 
₹7,328 Lakhs, underlining the 
resilience and efficiency of our core 
operations.
Our total revenue grew by 16% 
year-on-year (Y o Y) to ₹84,483 Lakhs, 
reflecting the growing demand for our 
products and the strength of our 
customer relationships. Profit After 
Tax (PAT) stood at ₹8,203 Lakhs, a 
commendable 38% increase from the 
previous year. We continued to 
enhance profitability, with EBITDA 
increasing from ₹9,126 Lakhs to 
₹12,363 Lakhs. This improvement was 
driven by our focused efforts on 
optimizing material costs and 
expanding our footprint in exports 
and after-market segments, which 
contributed to a healthy uptick in 
gross margin from 31.2% in 2023-24 
to 32.1% in 2024-25. Importantly, we 
strengthened our financial discipline 
by retaining working capital days to 
less than 45, improving liquidity and 
operational agility. This has enabled 
us to support necessary capital 
investments that fuel future growth, 
while maintaining a lean cost 
structure, despite ongoing inflationary 
pressures. 
Our financial stewardship is also 
reflected in our dividend declaration 
of ₹12.50 per share for the year, 
reinforcing our commitment to 
delivering consistent value to our 
shareholders. 
Driving Sustainable 
Progress
Sustainability is central to our identity 
and embedded in how we operate. 
As a responsible organization, we are 
fully committed to reducing our 
environmental footprint, maximizing 
resource efficiency, and contributing 
to a cleaner, more resilient future. We 
are advancing this commitment 
through focused investments across 
our manufacturing ecosystem, 
including energy-efficient 
infrastructure, circular water systems, 
and robust waste reduction programs. 
This commitment has been 
recognized with the GreenCo Gold 
certification for ESG excellence by CII, 
a strong validation of our efforts. 
Innovation is a key pillar of our 
sustainability strategy. By designing 
products with cleaner technologies 
and a smaller environmental footprint, 
we are helping our customers 
achieve their ESG goals and 
contributing meaningfully to the 
global decarbonization of mobility. 
We recently secured export orders for 
ignition coils from a customer in the 
United States, reinforcing our 
credibility as a trusted partner in 
sustainable manufacturing.
Our people are at the core of our 
progress. We are proud of the 
dedication, adaptability, and 
excellence our teams continue to 
demonstrate, especially during times 
of transformation. We are investing in 
their development through 
continuous learning, targeted 
upskilling, and genuine engagement. 
We are also deepening our efforts to 
promote gender diversity, support 
holistic well-being, and engage 
meaningfully with the communities 
we serve. These efforts have been 
acknowledged externally. We 
retained our Great Place to Work 
certification and improved our overall 
score, reflecting the strength of our 
workplace culture and our people-
centric values.
16
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 20 =====
Strong corporate governance 
continues to steer our strategy. Our 
Board plays an active role in 
providing strategic oversight, 
ensuring that we create long-term 
value and remain aligned with 
evolving stakeholder expectations. 
Integrity, transparency, and ethical 
conduct remain the foundation of our 
governance framework. We are also 
continuously strengthening our risk 
management systems to stay agile 
and resilient in an ever-changing 
environment.
The Road Ahead
Looking ahead, our 3-year growth 
plan is built around three strategic 
pillars: customer intimacy, 
technological innovation, and 
operational agility. With the 
automotive industry entering a new 
era defined by stricter regulatory 
compliance, evolving consumer 
behavior, and the rise of electric 
mobility, we are confident in our 
ability to lead from the front.
After successfully deploying legal 
compliance software to fortify our 
regulatory framework, we are gearing 
up to integrate our GST IMS with SAP 
to enhance our financial efficiency. 
Additionally, we are set to implement 
AI-powered API automation in 
2025-26, enabling smarter workflows, 
enhanced integration, and driving 
operational excellence.
We are scaling up our manufacturing 
capabilities across facilities to support 
innovative product launches, and 
boost production efficiency. Our 
targeted investments in automation 
will enable us to streamline 
manpower deployment and help 
counterbalance the rising labor costs 
fueled by new wage policies. In the 
burgeoning EV arena, we are rapidly 
expanding our footprint. Our focus 
remains on extending the versatility 
of our converters to address the 
shifting landscape of EV applications, 
reinforcing our position as an 
innovation-led player in this high-
growth sector.
Our ambitions are truly global. We are 
establishing overseas business 
development hubs in the US and 
Europe by leveraging our parent 
company’s global networks and 
market relationships. Our strategic 
moves aim to broaden our global 
customer base and build long-term 
partnerships with leading OEMs 
across key markets. Simultaneously, 
we are investing in future-facing 
technologies, including advanced 
sensors and controllers. 
These initiatives highlight our holistic 
strategy to amplify INEL’s presence 
across key global markets, unlock 
new application areas, and create 
lasting value for our stakeholders. 
With a strong focus on innovation, 
operational agility, and global 
expansion, we are well-positioned to 
chart a trajectory of sustained growth 
and long-term success.
Concluding Note
As we look to the future, our focus 
remains firmly on enhancing our 
business model to create lasting 
value for our shareholders. By 
integrating and leveraging our 
strengths across products and 
markets, we are strategically 
positioned to unlock the next phase 
of growth and capitalize on emerging 
opportunities.
I take this moment to sincerely thank 
our Board of Directors, leadership 
team, dedicated employees, loyal 
customers, trusted supplier partners, 
financial institutions, investors, and 
the Government. Y our continued 
support and commitment have been 
instrumental in driving our journey 
forward.
Warm Regards,
Arvind Balaji 
Managing Director
We are proud of the 
dedication, 
adaptability, and 
excellence our teams 
continue to 
demonstrate, 
especially during times 
of transformation.
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
17
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 21 =====
Engineering Progress.     
Utilizing Technology.
Manufacturing
Engineering progress is more than a goal; it is the foundation on which we build 
everything we do. From revolutionizing the electrical and automotive sectors to 
redefining manufacturing excellence, we continuously push the boundaries of what is 
possible. Our commitment to quality, operational precision, and technological 
innovation drives us to lead not just nationally, but globally, consistently setting new 
benchmarks and elevating technology at every turn.
Driven by a vision of manufacturing 
excellence, we have built a strong 
industrial backbone with three 
technologically advanced facilities in 
India. These sites are equipped with 
globally aligned systems and 
processes, including Total Quality 
Management (TQM), the Toyota 
Production System (TPS), Kanban, 
and Value Stream Mapping (VSM), 
enabling the consistent production 
and delivery of high-quality products.
To stay ahead of the curve, we have 
also invested in a next-generation 
cleanroom facility, specifically 
designed to support our latest 
platform products. This innovation-
centric approach is reflected in our 
new sensor lines, which come with 
process interfaces and QR code 
traceability to ensure superior quality 
control and end-to-end process 
visibility. Further strengthening our 
18
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 22 =====
in-house capabilities, we have 
developed a proprietary machine for 
our core process. This not only 
minimizes reliance on single domestic 
suppliers but also shortens lead 
times, reduces import costs, and 
bolsters overall production resilience.
Our manufacturing operations also 
prioritize Environment, Health, and 
Safety (EHS) standards, establishing  
a robust foundation for sustainable 
growth. With the capacity to handle 
higher product volumes, our facilities 
are future-ready and aligned with 
rising market expectations. The 
strategic integration of IoT across 
operations has been a game-changer, 
enabling real-time data capture, smart 
automation, and streamlined 
workflows that significantly enhance 
productivity and efficiency across the 
board.
Our Manufacturing Plants
Our three plants in Hosur, Puducherry, and Rewari have expanded their shop 
floors to boost capacity and capabilities, positioning us to meet growing demand 
more efficiently and accelerate product innovation.
F       CUS
 A utomation
 Digitalization 
 Safe W orkplace
 Innovation 
 W orld-Class Practices 
 Environmental P erformance
G     AL
 Customer Delight 
 A utomation 
 Employee Pride
TÜV NORD CERT GmbH
Am TÜV 1, 45307, 
Essen
www.tuev-nord-cert.com 
                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                   
Certificate
Management system as per
ISO/IEC 27001:2022
The Certification Body TÜV NORD CERT GmbH. hereby confirms as a result of the audit, 
assessment and certification decision according to ISO/IEC 27006:2015/Amd.1:2020, that the 
organization
INDIA NIPPON ELECTRICALS LTD
Hosur-Thali Road, Uliveeranapalli, Hosur, 
Krishnagiri Dist, Hosur – 635 114,
Tamil Nadu,      
India     
with the locations according to the annex
operates a management system in accordance with the requirements of  ISO/IEC 27001 : 2022 
and will be assessed for conformity within the 3 year term of validity of the certificate.
Scope
Information Security Management System Covering Manufacturing Process of Ignition and 
Fuel Injection Systems for Automotive and General Engineering Applications with Support 
Functions that Include IT Infrastructure, HR, Facility Management and Supply Chain 
Management as per the Statement of Applicability of 09.02.2024 Version 1.0
Certificate Registration No.  44 121 21393358       
Audit Report No. 2.5-10458/2021       
Valid from  19.12.2024  
Valid until   31.10.2027 
Initial certification 01.11.2021  
Mumbai, 19.12.2024  
Visit our database to 
verify the validity of 
this certificate.
Certification Body at TÜV NORD CERT GmbH
Certifications
IATF 16949:2016 
Product 
Responsibility
ISO 45001:2018 
Employee Well-Being 
and Safety
ISO 14001:2015 
Environment
ISO 27001 
Information Security 
Management Systems
ISO 9001:2015 
Continuous Process 
Improvement
Optimizing Supply 
Chain Operations
Our procurement strategy is tightly 
interwoven with production control 
and logistics (PC&L), enabling a 
responsive, demand-driven supply 
chain. Leveraging advanced ERP 
systems, we maintain real-time 
visibility across operations, ensuring 
timely material availability and 
minimal disruption. Our strategic 
alliances with top-tier global 
electronic component suppliers 
further strengthen supply chain 
agility, allowing us to adapt quickly 
to shifts in customer demand while 
continuously optimizing lead times 
and inventory levels.
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
19
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 23 =====
Driven by Innovation.       
Powered by Technology.  
R&D
Engineering progress is more than a goal; it is the foundation on which we build 
everything we do. From revolutionizing the electrical and automotive sectors to 
redefining manufacturing excellence, we continuously push the boundaries of what is 
possible. Our commitment to quality, operational precision, and technological 
innovation drives us to lead not just nationally, but globally, consistently setting new 
benchmarks and elevating technology at every turn.
Innovation does not happen in isolation; it starts with people and is accelerated by 
cutting-edge technology. Our R&D approach combines human insight with technical 
excellence to develop high-performance, cost-effective solutions that meet real-world 
needs. We have consistently invested in building robust in-house R&D capabilities that 
empower us to independently design and develop advanced ignition and electronic 
systems for a wide spectrum of engine applications across the automotive industry. 
At the core of our development 
process is a structured and 
disciplined approach to  product 
testing and validation, carried out 
both internally and in collaboration 
with partner facilities. This ensures 
that every product meets or exceeds 
customer specifications. To sustain 
our technological leadership, our 
engineers receive continuous 
training, both at our facilities and 
those of our collaborators, enabling 
them to stay aligned with evolving 
industry standards and innovation 
benchmarks.
We continuously track global 
technological developments and 
evolving regulatory norms, especially 
increasingly stringent environmental 
standards, which are reshaping the 
demands placed on engine systems. 
Anticipating these changes, we have 
initiated the development of an 
Electronic Fuel Injection (EFI) system 
in partnership with a leading 
collaborator, focusing initially on 
motorcycle applications. We have 
made notable headway in this 
domain, further strengthening our 
reputation as an innovation leader, a 
distinction officially recognized by the 
Department of Science and 
Technology, Ministry of Industry, 
Government of India, since 1994.
Our R&D initiatives are organized into four strategic product categories:
We continue to innovate within our core domain of ignition systems, 
including AC generators, ignition controllers, ignition coils, and voltage 
regulators. In 2024-25, we successfully extended these products to 
new applications in the two-wheeler, three-wheeler, and general-
purpose engine segments. One of our key competitive strengths lies in 
our ability to swiftly deliver customer-specific solutions by leveraging a 
versatile portfolio of proven, standard components. Our efforts in Value 
Analysis/Value Engineering (VA/VE) have also led to significant cost 
optimizations.
Conventional Products for Internal 
Combustion Engines (ICE)
01
20
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 24 =====
Recognizing the demand for higher performance and energy efficiency in traditional engine systems, we have 
focused on the following innovations:
 High-Efficiency P ower Boost Regulator: We developed and patented a unique power boost regulator that 
improves system efficiency by approximately 25%. We are currently collaborating with four customers for its 
adoption, with the first application expected to enter production in 2025. This innovation directly addresses the 
industry’s growing emphasis on fuel economy and thermal management.
 EFI ECU: W e have successfully introduced an EFI ECU tailored for motorcycles, leveraging a technology 
licensing agreement with a global partner. Our R&D team is now working to extend its deployment to scooters 
and other vehicle segments to support platform-level scalability.
 Integrated S tarter Generator (ISG) Controller: We have developed a new ISG controller, addressing market 
demand for compact, multifunctional solutions. It is set to include enhanced features such as drive assist and 
will be engineered for compatibility across a wider range of applications.
Next-Generation Products 
for ICE (ICE+)
02
INEL is well-positioned in the fast-growing EV segment, with key developments including:
 DC-DC Converters: As a mark et leader in this space, we are expanding our range to meet the diverse demands 
of the evolving EV ecosystem. Through proprietary process enhancements, we have significantly improved 
production efficiency, enabling us to efficiently scale volumes and address market variety.
 Electric Motor and Controller (≤3k W Applications): We have adopted a cost-optimized, productivity-driven design 
philosophy for low-power EV motors and controllers. Following successful in-house validation, these systems 
are scheduled for customer trials and remain on track for commercial rollout by the end of 2026.
Products for Electric 
Vehicles (EVs)
03
Our diversification into components with wide-ranging applications has yielded promising results. Over the past few 
years, we have developed and commercialized a wide variety of sensors, including temperature, pressure, TMAP, 
linear and rotary position, liquid level, TPMS, and RPAS. A notable achievement is our high-temperature liquid level 
sensor, designed to operate reliably at high temperatures. It has been successfully deployed for an overseas 
customer and entered volume production earlier this year.
Sensors, Displays, 
and Controllers
04
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
21
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 25 =====
Annual Technology Show
We proudly showcased our Next-Gen Mobility Solutions, 
presenting a wide portfolio of high-performance 
technologies. Our display featured a comprehensive range 
of precision sensor solutions, including Throttle Position 
Sensors, TMAP Sensors, Speed Sensors, Thermal Sensors, 
Gear Position Sensors, Angular Sensors, and Pressure 
Sensors.
In the fast-growing electric vehicle (EV) segment, we 
demonstrated our engineering capabilities with high-
efficiency outer rotor motors, advanced motor controllers 
for 2-wheelers and 3-wheelers, and DC-DC converters with 
capacities ranging from 5A to 51A. The highlight of our 
showcase was our next-generation systems, including 
high-efficiency drive systems, integrated starter generator 
(ISG) systems with advanced machines and controllers, and 
EFI/ECU units, many of which are already in production for 
leading OEMs.
With these innovations, we continue to strengthen our 
commitment to driving sustainable mobility and shaping the 
future of transportation.
Technology Show 2025 at VE Commercial Vehicles, Pithampur
22
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 26 =====
Technology show at Lucas TVS
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
23
Corporate Overview
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 27 =====
Fueled by Design.        
Assured by Quality.
Quality 
Assurance
We recognize that delivering uncompromising quality is essential in today’s 
competitive landscape. We integrate quality into every phase of our manufacturing 
process, driven by the belief that genuine quality is reflected in the satisfaction and 
trust of our customers. By embedding innovation and engineering excellence into our 
design philosophy, we ensure assurance is not just a promise, but a guarantee.
We consistently raise our quality standards, staying vigilant in meeting the benchmarks set by our customers. Regular 
evaluations of Parts per Million (PPM) levels and an unyielding commitment to achieving ‘zero-defect’ status are central to our 
continuous improvement efforts driven by both our operations and management teams. This dedication to quality further 
strengthens our commitment to excellence at every stage.
High Quality
INEL strives to 
satisfy customers by 
providing high-
quality products at 
competitive prices.
01 02 03
Improvement
INEL will create a 
culture that promotes 
continuous 
improvement by 
engaging employees 
actively.
Needs of the 
Customers
INEL is dedicated to 
regularly assessing 
customer needs and 
actively working to 
exceed their 
expectations.
Quality is the foundation of everything 
we do, reflected in our attainment of 
numerous esteemed certifications 
such as ISO 9001 (BVCI, 1998), QS 
9000 (2001), ISO 14001 (2002), ISO/
TS 16949 (2009), IATF 16949 (2018), 
and ISO 45001 (2019). This 
commitment to excellence is deeply 
embedded in our culture and 
operational DNA, driven by the 
conviction that our customers deserve 
the highest standard of solutions.
Commitment to 
Excellence and 
Compliance
Our state-of-the-art Tech Centre, 
staffed by over 100 highly qualified 
engineers, is equipped to take 
products from concept to 
commercialization, in full compliance 
with IATF TS16949 quality standards. 
The facility is also certified under ISO/
IEC 27001:2022 (Information Security 
Management System) and adheres to 
ISO14001:2015 and ISO45001:2018 
standards for Environmental, 
Occupational Health and Safety 
(EOHS) compliance. In alignment with 
our growing global footprint, we are 
proactively working toward achieving 
TISAX Level 3 in 2025, a standard 
highly regarded by European OEMs.
With a clear focus on future mobility, 
energy efficiency, and digital 
integration, INEL remains committed 
to delivering cutting-edge solutions 
that power the next generation of 
vehicles, whether ICE-based, electric, 
or hybrid. Our R&D-led strategy 
enables us to stay ahead of the curve 
in innovation, ensuring leadership in 
technology, performance, and 
customer satisfaction.
24
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 28 =====
Harnessing Potential.         
Powering Excellence.
Strategies
We strategically harness our resources to unlock maximum value and drive superior 
outcomes. Our commitment to focused and efficient allocation underpins both 
operational rigor and financial discipline, ensuring consistent delivery of meaningful 
benefits to all stakeholders. By championing impactful initiatives, we cultivate sustainable 
growth and reaffirm our commitment to building a resilient, future-ready ecosystem.
Capitalizing on Our 
Core Business
Amid the transformative shift toward 
electric mobility in the automotive 
sector, we recognize the importance of 
balancing innovation with the continued 
relevance of internal combustion 
engines. Drawing on our extensive 
expertise and strong alliances in 
ignition technologies, we remain 
committed to advancing this segment, 
ensuring superior performance and 
efficiency well into the future.
Our customer-centric, value-driven 
solutions have resonated deeply, 
enabling us to expand our footprint and 
reinforce our reputation as a reliable 
partner in the two-wheeler industry. We 
take pride in consistently delivering 
high-quality products that exceed 
expectations, shaping the future of 
ignition systems as we move 
confidently into new frontiers.
Expanding Our Portfolio
Recognizing the rapid shift toward 
electric mobility, our newly established 
R&D center, supported by a skilled and 
dedicated team, will play a pivotal role in 
developing differentiated products and 
advanced technologies tailored 
specifically for the EV segment. This 
strategic investment positions us to 
strengthen our EV portfolio and stay 
ahead in a dynamic and evolving market.
Entering into New 
Technical Partnerships
We have entered into a technical 
licensing partnership with a globally 
renowned automotive supplier for the Electronic Fuel Injection Control Unit (EFI 
ECU). This strategic collaboration marks our entry into a new product segment 
within the EFI system, enhancing our ability to serve two- and three-wheeler 
applications and expanding our offerings in line with evolving market needs.
Venturing into New Geographies
Exploring New 
Business Lines
Backed by deep-rooted expertise in 
mechatronics, the Company is driven 
by a passion for engineering 
innovation that propels industry 
evolution. A major milestone has been 
the successful rollout of our ECU 
product line, significantly broadening 
our technological footprint in 
intelligent engine management.
A standout accomplishment is the 
development and market introduction 
of EFI ECUs for motorcycles, achieved 
through a strategic technical licensing 
partnership. Our R&D team is actively 
advancing this platform to serve 
scooters and additional vehicle 
segments, unlocking new growth 
opportunities.
Looking forward, we remain committed to 
pushing technological boundaries, 
venturing into emerging application 
areas, and delivering future-ready 
solutions that redefine mobility and 
automation.
Advancing Our 
Aftermarket Business
The aftermarket presents vast 
opportunities for growth, and we are 
dedicated to tapping into its full potential. 
To achieve this, we have assembled a 
focused team that is implementing bold 
strategies to strengthen our product 
portfolio and expand our distribution 
network. By continuously refining our 
products and actively targeting new 
international markets, we strive to drive 
significant value and establish a strong 
global presence in the aftermarket space.
Domestic
Across all channels, our 
domestic sales have 
experienced robust growth, 
demonstrating the success 
of our sales strategies and 
expanded market reach. 
We remain focused on 
deepening our presence 
and growing our market 
share in existing territories.
International
We have begun supplying 
global ATVs & stationary 
engines to customers and 
are actively expanding our 
customer network across 
Europe, North America, 
and select high-potential 
ASEAN regions.
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
25
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 29 =====
Inspiring Numbers.         
Propelled by Progress.
Financials
Our financials go beyond mere numbers; they represent the energy, 
innovation, and dedication driving our growth. Each data point 
reflects our commitment to creating lasting value and expanding our 
impact in an ever-evolving market. These figures do not just measure 
our success; they inspire us to continuously raise the bar, turning 
vision into reality. 
26
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 30 =====
48,123
2020-21
56,627
2021-22
65,625
2022-23
72,408
2023-24
84,483
2024-25
Total Revenue (₹ in Lakhs)
5,167
2020-21
5,155
2021-22
7,006
2022-23
7,578
2023-24
10,268
2024-25
Profit Before Tax (₹ in Lakhs)
6,258
2020-21
6,488
2021-22
8,510
2022-23
9,126
2023-24
12,363
2024-25
EBITDA (₹ in Lakhs)
4,070
2020-21
4,026
2021-22
5,787
2022-23
5,930
2023-24
8,203
2024-25
Profit After Tax (₹ in Lakhs)
45,020
2020-21
49,361
2021-22
56,035
2022-23
62,326
2023-24
71,088
2024-25
Net Worth (₹ in Lakhs)
9.04
2020-21
8.16
2021-22
10.32
2022-23
10.02
2023-24
12.30
2024-25
Return on Net Worth (in %)
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
27
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 31 =====
13.10
2020-21
11.64
2021-22
12.97
2022-23
12.20
2023-24
14.14
2024-25
EBITDA Margin (in %)
17.99
2020-21
17.80
2021-22
25.58
2022-23
26.20
2023-24
36.26
2024-25
Earnings per Share (EPS) (in ₹)
6.00
2020-21
6.25
2021-22
9.25
2022-23
10.25
2023-24
12.50
2024-25
Dividend per Share (in ₹)
Despite all challenges, we have 
outgrown the industry in the past 
5 years
Industry [ICE] Vs INEL Growth
9%
0%
17% 17%
8%
10% 10%
11%
16%
-14%
2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
-14%
-3%
Industry Growth (ICE) INEL Growth
28
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 32 =====
Economic Value 
Distributed (EVD)
We are deeply committed to 
achieving sustainable financial growth 
by managing our capital responsibly. 
We actively contribute to India’s 
economic development through 
disciplined financial management and 
smart capital optimization strategies. 
Alongside this, we constantly drive 
productivity improvements while 
working hard to protect our margins 
from the pressures of fluctuating fuel 
and material costs. We take pride in 
our achievements and the remarkable 
growth we have accomplished by 
sustaining a strong competitive edge 
in a dynamic market environment.
Economic Performance (in ₹ Crores)
Particulars 2024-25 2023-24
Direct Economic Value Generated (Revenues) 845 724
Economic Value Distributed 758 657
Operating Costs* 609 529
Employee Wages and Benefits 99 88
Payments to Providers of Capital (Dividends) 28 23
Payments to the Government (Taxes) 21 16
Community Investments (Csr) 1 1
Economic Value Retained 87 67
*Includes operating expenses, cost of materials consumed, and changes in inventories of 
finished goods.
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
29
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 33 =====
Rooted in Care.          
Inspired by Nature.
Environment
Environmental stewardship is a fundamental part of who we are. Our 
commitment to sustainability reflects a harmonious balance between 
innovation and conservation, ensuring that every step forward 
respects and protects the ecosystems we depend on. Inspired by 
nature’s resilience and generosity, we strive to create lasting value 
for today and generations to come.
30
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 34 =====
Energy Consumptions 
and GHG Emissions
We focus intently on monitoring our 
energy use and the related 
greenhouse gas emissions. By 
investing in sustainable technologies, 
optimizing our energy consumption, 
and actively engaging in carbon 
offsetting initiatives, we are dedicated 
to minimizing our environmental 
footprint and advancing our 
commitment to a greener, low-carbon 
future.
Hosur Pondy Rewari
Average Electricity 
Consumption per 
Energy Service 
Unit (kWh/ESU)
2023-24 0.66 1.04 0.79
2024-25 0.58 1.04 0.73
Percentage 
Utilization of 
Renewable Energy
2024-25 84% 9.1% 6.13%
Key Highlights
5,340.51 tCO2eq
 T otal GHG Emissions in 2024-25
9.6 Million kWh
 Electricity Consumed in 2024-25
Energy Conservation Initiatives
Initiative Energy Savings 
(Units/Y ear)
Achieved a targeted energy consumption rate of 0.58 EU per standard unit of 
production.
Not Applicable (NA)
Deployed an advanced online energy monitoring system to identify and reduce 
non-value-adding activities, optimizing energy usage.
NA
Upgraded from outdated IE1 motors to energy-efficient IE4 models and installed 
variable frequency drives (VFDs) on motors above 30 kW.
NA
Replaced a 90-kW single-tier oven with a more efficient two-tier 90 kW oven. 96,768 units
Substituted a 7.5 HP centrifugal blower with two 180-watt linear fans. 23,000 units
Installed auto-sleep timers on hydraulic presses and broaching machines. 11,070 units
Replaced a 15-year-old washing machine with a high-efficiency model. 9,500 units
Eliminated one chiller through chiller line optimization. 7,000 units
Installed aluminum puff panels with Lexan polycarbonate sheets to utilize natural 
lighting and reduce daytime use of 150-watt lights.
5,050 units
Replaced a 5 HP bin washing pump with a 3 HP energy-saving model. 2,800 units
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
31
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 35 =====
Effective Waste 
Management
We aim to reduce our ecological footprint by 
implementing a comprehensive waste 
management strategy that focuses on 
minimizing waste generation, encouraging 
recycling, and adopting circular economy 
principles. These initiatives are designed to 
meaningfully lower the volume of waste sent 
to landfills. Beyond waste management, we 
also prioritize robust tracking systems and 
strict controls on hazardous chemical 
consumption to uphold safety and 
environmental stewardship.
Waste Minimization
Hosur Pondy Rewari
Average 
Hazardous 
Waste 
Generated in 
Tons
2023-24 27.55 13.5 1.35
2024-25 39.15 21.90 1.86
Chemical Consumption 
Hosur Pondy Rewari
Chemical 
Consumption 
in Tons
2023-24 118 140 14.39
2024-25 128 157.09 18.6
Responsible Handling of Substances 
through Process Efficiencies
 S witched to biodegradable synthetic-based coolant, 
replacing mineral oil-based coolant. This transition 
extends coolant life and lengthens replacement 
intervals, reducing environmental impact and 
operational costs.
 Installed an automatic chemical blending machine to 
eliminate manual mixing, significantly reducing chemical 
spillage and minimizing wastage
.
 Optimized Ana Bond goods receipt packaging 
quantities to minimize the consumption of packing 
materials, promoting material efficiency and waste 
reduction.
 Implemented a peristaltic pump in the varnish plant to 
avoid spillages during manual pouring. This also led to 
reduced thinner consumption during equipment 
cleaning, enhancing both safety and resource efficiency
.
Water Conservation
We recognize the critical importance 
of water in our operations and in the 
communities we serve. By embracing 
sustainable water management 
practices, including conservation, 
reuse, and responsible discharge, we 
work to enhance water accessibility 
and protect its quality. 
32
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 36 =====
Hosur Pondy Rewari
Water 
Utilization Per 
Month in KL
2023-24 1,820 1,578 297
2024-25 1,782 1,541 366
123 KL/Day
 A verage Water Consumption
Water Efficiency 
Improvements
 Installed aerators on all taps to 
reduce water flow without 
compromising usability
, leading to 
significant water savings.
 Fitted auto-stop taps to prevent 
unnecessary water wastage by 
ensuring taps turn off 
automatically after use
.
 R educed overall water flow rates 
across all taps, optimizing 
consumption and promoting 
sustainable usage.
 Eliminated the plate prewash 
process, thereby conserving 
water previously used in this 
non-essential step
.
 Conducted water conservation 
awareness training for all 
employees to instill responsible 
water usage habits and promote a 
culture of sustainability
.
Recognitions and Outreach in 
Sustainability
GreenCo Gold Rating – INEL Hosur
INEL Hosur was honored with the prestigious 
GreenCo ‘Gold Rating’ (Version 4.0) by the CII 
Sorabji Godrej Green Business Center, India. 
This recognition was based on a 
comprehensive evaluation across nine 
stringent parameters that reflect a company’s 
commitment to environmental sustainability. 
These include management systems, energy 
efficiency, water conservation, material and 
resource management, green supply chain 
practices, product lifecycle approach, 
innovation in sustainability, and the 
development of a green built environment. 
MSI (My Sustainability Index) 
Audit by TVS Motor Company
TVS Motor Company Limited 
conducted a My Sustainability Index 
(MSI) audit of our manufacturing units 
in Hosur and Pondicherry. The audit 
assessed various sustainability 
practices implemented at both sites. 
As a result, the Hosur Unit was 
awarded a Silver Rating, while the 
Pondicherry Unit achieved a Gold 
Rating, reflecting a higher maturity 
level in sustainable operations. 
Environmental Sustenance 
Program for Supplier Partners
For the first time, INEL Hosur organized 
an ‘Environmental Sustenance 
Program’ exclusively for our supplier 
partners. The initiative aimed to extend 
sustainability awareness and best 
practices beyond internal operations to 
the broader supply chain. The program 
saw enthusiastic participation from over 
200 suppliers, who benefited from 
sessions focused on environmental 
compliance, resource efficiency, and 
sustainable manufacturing practices. 
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
33
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 37 =====
Fueled by Workforce.           
Strengthened by People.
 Employees
Our greatest asset is the vibrant and dedicated workforce that drives 
our success every day. Each member of our team brings unique talents, 
an unwavering commitment, and a shared passion for excellence, 
shaping the future of the Company. Together, we build more than just 
products and services; we build lasting relationships, foster innovation, 
and enable sustained growth across the enterprise.
34
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 38 =====
HR Policy Framework
We view our policies as guiding 
principles that apply uniformly to all 
employees. We believe that the 
clearer the communication around 
these policies, the better the 
understanding, ultimately fostering 
stronger compliance and contributing 
to a more positive, transparent work 
environment.
However, we recognize that 
employee expectations are evolving, 
especially among new joiners. To stay 
responsive, we engage with 
employees regularly, gathering 
feedback and making data-informed 
adjustments to our policies. For 
Inspiring Excellence in 
Our Team
As a company with a rich legacy, we 
place great emphasis on the 
development of our people. By 
fostering a collaborative work culture, 
we create an environment where 
employees are encouraged to share 
their ideas, insights, and expertise. 
This not only sparks creativity and 
innovation but also cultivates a sense 
of ownership and accountability, 
empowering individuals to take 
charge of their work and actively 
contribute to the Company’s success.
Here are some of the key initiatives 
we implemented for our employees:
example, our Leave Policy was 
revised based on employee input. 
Previously, leaves were earned 
during the year but credited only the 
following year; any leave taken within 
the year was treated as Loss of Pay 
(LOP). To address this gap, we 
introduced advance leave options to 
minimize LOP occurrences. Additional 
supportive measures include:
 Allowing work from home on 
medical grounds.
 Sharing a portion of medical 
e
xpenses beyond the standard 
insurance coverage as a special 
consideration.
 Extending comprehensive support 
to new joiners to ensure a smooth 
and well-supported onboarding 
e
xperience.
Our Code of Conduct and Business 
Ethics emphasize the significance of 
a positive workplace culture:
 W e hire talent from across the 
country, regardless of ethnicity, 
ensuring equal opportunities for 
all.
 Diverse teams collaborate 
cohesively toward shared 
organizational goals, with 
recognition based on individual 
performance and merit.
Tailored 
Training 
Programs
We conducted 
simulation-based training 
for blue-collar 
employees to enhance 
safety awareness and 
familiarize them with 
tools, gauges, and 
measuring devices.
01 0302 04
Quality of 
Recruitment
After three months of 
joining, we seek 
feedback from 
employees to ensure 
they are in a supportive 
work environment where 
they can thrive and 
perform at their best.
Health and 
Wellness 
Initiatives
We organize quarterly 
‘Health Awareness 
Programs’ and an annual 
master health check-up 
for employees aged 45 
and above.
Environmental 
Responsibility
We encourage 
employees to plant 
saplings on their 
birthdays and host 
regular plantation drives 
to promote 
environmental 
consciousness.
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
35
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 39 =====
Employee Engagement
In 2024-25, our employees actively 
participated in 32 external competitions, 
winning 31 of them, including the 
prestigious Par Excellence Award at the 
National Level QC Convention. We also 
participated virtually in an International 
QC Competition.
05 06 07
Corporate Sports and 
Wellness
We support employee involvement 
in corporate sports events, 
including cricket, volleyball, and 
badminton. Additionally, we offer 
yoga sessions to help them 
enhance concentration, focus and 
cognitive abilities.
Giving Back to 
Society
Each year, we choose a social 
cause and organize volunteer 
activities on Sundays. We host 
biannual blood donation camps 
and have conducted eye camps 
for the community near our 
factory.
Training and Development
As part of our commitment to fostering employee growth, we make significant investments in comprehensive training 
programs that focus on both technical expertise and personal development. Through workshops, seminars, and hands-on 
sessions, we equip our employees with the latest industry knowledge and skills, empowering them to stay ahead in a rapidly 
evolving technological landscape, and ensuring they remain at the forefront of technological advancements.
We offer the following training programs to enhance employee competence:
System-
Related 
Training
We provide sessions 
on various standards 
and frameworks, 
including IATF, ISMS, 
EOHS, GPTW, and 
VDA 6.3, Auditors 
Training, to ensure 
employees are 
well-versed in 
essential industry 
protocols.
01 0302 04
Need-based 
Knowledge 
Enhancement
Our training covers specific 
areas such as Design 
Thinking, Calibration, SMED, 
IPC, Core Tools, AutoCAD, 
Electrical Safety, Advanced 
Presentation Skills, 
Samanvaya Soft Skills, and 
Six Sigma Y ellow Belt, 
tailored to meet the unique 
needs of our employees.
Awareness 
Training
Employees undergo 
training on various 
sustainability training 
programs and critical topics 
like Cybersecurity, ERT, 
Code of Conduct, and 
Business Ethics, Annual 
Conferences, Auto Expo, 
and Industrial Visits to 
remain informed, engaged, 
and aligned with evolving 
industry trends and best 
practices. 
Soft Skill 
Development
We collaborate with 
external agencies to 
offer training on 
Current Technology 
Development 
Programs and Talent 
Development 
Programs, aimed at 
enhancing 
interpersonal and 
leadership skills.
05
POSH 
Awareness 
Program
We conducted POSH 
Awareness Programme 
through Skit 
Performances for better 
reach. These sessions 
promote a safe, respectful 
work environment and 
shed light on crucial 
aspects of workplace 
behavior in an interactive 
and impactful way.
36
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 40 =====
Employee Engagement
At INEL, employee engagement is 
central to building a dynamic and 
motivated workforce. We believe that 
a thriving workplace culture begins 
with people who feel connected, 
empowered, and recognized. 
Throughout the year, we organize 
various employee engagement 
activities as part of our engagement 
calendar, driven by a team of 
dedicated engagement champions. In 
recognition of their contributions, we 
celebrate their achievements with 
prestigious awards. Currently, we 
offer 18 distinct recognition 
categories designed to honor 
excellence, reinforce positive 
behaviors, and spotlight the hard 
work and dedication of our people.
 W e prioritize transparent 
communication and employee 
engagement through a range of 
structured initiatives. We hold 
monthly town hall meetings to 
provide updates on the Company’s 
performance, address quality 
concerns, discuss current business 
and market trends, and set clear 
expectations for employees. 
 During these meetings, we also 
recognize employees who have 
actively participated in activities 
and won prizes, reinforcing a 
culture of appreciation and 
visibility
.
 Our Annual R eport is prominently 
placed at key locations across 
facilities to ensure everyone is 
informed about our achievements 
and future goals.
30,556
 Employee Hours Spent in T raining
2,315
 Employees in 2024-25
1,682
 Employees A ttended Training
5th 
 Consec utive Time Recognized as 
a ‘Great Place to Work’ with the 
highest score of 81
106
 T raining Types Offered
 T o further promote open 
communication, we introduced the 
‘Write to Know’ initiative, 
encouraging employees to submit 
concerns or issues anonymously. 
Each month, we address these 
concerns and share a summary of 
the resolutions with all employees, 
demonstrating responsiveness and 
reinforcing trust.
 W e also organize quarterly team 
outings, with each team receiving 
a pre-approved budget to 
promote team bonding. 
 Furthermore , our HR team meets 
with every employee twice a year 
to address their concerns and offer 
tailored solutions, underscoring 
our focus on proactive support and 
individual attention.
 T o keep the work atmosphere 
lively, we host fun games every 
Monday for each department, 
offering employees an 
opportunity to unwind and foster 
camaraderie through interactive 
and team-based activities.
 W e actively engage employees in 
activities that allow them to 
showcase their talents. For 
instance, an employee skilled in 
Financial Prudence may conduct 
knowledge-sharing sessions, 
enhancing peer learning and 
cross-functional development.
 W e dedicate at least one man-day 
to social causes, such as voluntary 
service at government schools or 
hospitals, highlighting our 
commitment to community impact 
and civic responsibility.
 P articipation in both internal and 
external competitions covering 
areas like Quality, Kaizen, and 
Environment as well as sports 
events, enables employees to 
benchmark their skills against 
peers within and outside the 
Company, while fostering healthy 
competition and continuous 
improvement.
 Support was e xtended to the 
Rewari Unit by deploying 40 
trainees from the Hosur Unit for a 
period of two months. This 
initiative was taken to efficiently 
manage a sudden surge in 
customer demand at Unit 3 in 
Rewari, ensuring uninterrupted 
operations and timely fulfillment.
 W e maintained our commitment to 
a respectful and ethical workplace 
by continuing to enforce strict 
policies with zero tolerance for 
unethical behavior and issues 
related to sexual harassment. 
These measures reinforce a safe 
and inclusive working 
environment for all employees.
Note: The certiﬁcate is valid subject to the terms and conditions agreed to by the organization.
This is to certify that  Indian Nippon Electrical Ltd has
successfully completed the assessment conducted by
Great Place To Work®, India, and is certiﬁed as a great workplace.
Category: Mid-size organization
This certiﬁcate is valid from October 2024 to October 2025.
Balbir	Singh
Chief	Executive	Oficer
®
Great	Place	To	Work ,	India
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
37
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 41 =====
Awareness Initiatives
 Conducted a R oad Safety Rally in 
Thalli during Road Safety Month 
to promote traffic awareness and 
community engagement.
 Celebrated W orld Water Day for 
the first time through a quiz, 
awareness sessions, and a 
signature campaign focused on 
water conservation.
 Introduced digital certificates for 
all TEI training programs, 
enhancing efficiency and 
promoting paperless practices.
 R eplaced printed certificates with 
a cheque leaf format for 
distributing cash awards, 
streamlining recognition efforts.
 Enabled participation of Union 
Office Bearers for the first time
, 
who presented a Small Group 
Activity case study.
 Observed ‘No Bin Day’ in the 
canteen on International Farmers 
Day to raise awareness about 
food waste reduction.
Health and Wellness 
Initiatives
 Healthy meals introduced based 
on the recommendations of a 
dietitian aligned with employees
’ 
medical profiles and wellness 
goals. 
 R egular health awareness 
programs are conducted to 
educate and empower employees 
in making informed lifestyle 
choices.
 An annual Master Health Check -
up is organized for employees 
aged 45 and above.
 Physical fitness programs are held 
to encourage an active lifestyle 
and reduce workplace-related 
stress.
 Blood donation camps are 
organized periodically as part of 
our broader commitment to public 
health and community welfare
.
Gender Diversity
Our commitment to gender diversity 
is embedded in our recruitment 
practices, where we actively work to 
ensure balanced gender 
representation across all levels of the 
Company. We are dedicated to 
fostering a workplace where women 
have equal opportunities for career 
advancement and are supported 
through mentorship programs, 
leadership training, and flexible work 
arrangements. These initiatives are 
designed to attract, retain, and 
empower women across functions 
and roles. 
Talent Acquisition and 
Retention
Attracting Talent
 Career P age: We have launched a 
dedicated Career Page on the INEL 
website, where current opportunities 
for professionals are showcased. 
Candidates can explore and apply 
based on their skill sets, and our HR 
team proactively connects with them 
to discuss potential career paths 
within INEL. This platform enhances 
visibility, streamlines applications, 
and strengthens our employer 
brand.
 Employee R eferral Scheme: Our 
Employee Referral Program 
encourages team members to 
recommend qualified candidates 
for open positions through 
internal advertisements. 
Employees who successfully refer 
candidates are rewarded with 
attractive cash incentives. This 
initiative not only accelerates 
hiring but also fosters a sense of 
ownership and engagement 
among our workforce.
 Joining Bonus:  To enhance our 
ability to attract top talent for 
critical roles, we offer a joining 
bonus as an incentive. This bonus 
is disbursed upon successful 
completion of three months of 
employment, ensuring both 
commitment and alignment with 
organizational goals.
 T ech Recruiter: Hired to expedite 
the induction of technical talents 
for future products.
38
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 42 =====
Retaining Top Talent
 Each year , based on 
recommendations from Heads of 
Departments (HODs), we identify 
high-potential employees (Hi-Pots) 
for fast-track career growth 
opportunities.
 W e offer them expanded roles that 
allow them to showcase their 
leadership and technical capabilities.
 Additionally , INEL supports 
continuous learning by providing 
opportunities for pursuing higher 
education and skill enhancement.
Employee Health and 
Safety (EHS)
We are committed to fostering a 
secure and supportive work 
environment through stringent safety 
protocols, comprehensive training 
programs, and continuous risk 
assessments.
Our approach is built on strict 
compliance with safety standards and 
thorough risk assessments, including 
Hazard Identification and Risk 
Assessment (HIRA), Occupational 
Control Procedures, and Fire Risk 
Assessments. These assessments are 
conducted at regular intervals, and 
insights are translated into actionable 
improvements, ensuring workplace 
hazards are proactively minimized on 
an ongoing basis.
A dedicated Safety Committee 
periodically reviews safety 
compliance to ensure ongoing 
adherence and effectiveness. Our 
Safety Team actively participates in 
external competitions to benchmark 
against industry standards and gather 
insights into emerging best practices, 
which are then implemented 
internally. Regular safety audits are 
carried out, with observations 
reviewed weekly in the ECW 
(Executive Committee Weekly) 
meeting by the leadership team, 
reinforcing our commitment to 
proactive risk management and the 
timely resolution of safety-related 
concerns.
We emphasize robust onboarding 
safety training and conduct regular 
safety drills, including first aid, 
firefighting, and emergency response 
exercises, to prepare employees for 
any eventuality. Additionally, our 
well-established Occupational Health 
Center operates round the clock, 
supported by a dedicated medical 
team and fully equipped ambulance 
facilities on standby. Beyond 
compliance, we actively promote a 
culture of safety through targeted 
awareness programs and health-
focused initiatives, embedding safety 
as a shared responsibility and 
ensuring that every employee feels 
protected, informed, and empowered 
in their workplace.
 Nominated one employee for an 
M.
Tech program in E-Mobility in 
collaboration with IIT, and three 
employees for a three-month 
crash course with IIT focused on 
Motors and Controllers to 
strengthen technical capabilities 
in emerging technologies.
 Conducted a year-long 
L
eadership Development Program 
for five cross-functional team 
members, aimed at building key 
managerial competencies. The 
curriculum included modules on 
design thinking for innovation, 
execution for goal alignment, 
winning habits for personal 
effectiveness, strategic planning, 
and change management, 
fostering agile and results-
oriented leadership.
 Organized a specialized Customer 
Intimacy Program for Sales and 
Business Development Managers 
to deepen customer engagement 
and enhance value-driven selling.
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
39
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 43 =====
Founder’s Day 2025
We marked Founder’s Day 2025 with a vibrant celebration of innovation, recognition, and 
culture. From recognitions to the Values Book launch, the day was full of meaningful 
moments. A heartfelt thanks to our distinguished guests for their presence, and to all our 
employees, organizing teams, and participants whose contributions made the event 
meaningful
 
and
 
memorable.
40
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 44 =====
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
41
Corporate Overview
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 45 =====
Connected Communities.            
Smarter Tomorrows.
 Communities
We believe that progress is most powerful when it is shared. Our vision of a smarter 
tomorrow begins with empowering the communities we serve - through innovation, 
inclusion, and sustainable action. Whether it is uplifting livelihoods, fostering 
education, or driving green initiatives, we are committed to building deep 
connections that create long-term impact and reflect our values beyond commerce. 
Together with our people, partners, and neighbours, we are shaping ecosystems 
where opportunity thrives and collective futures are transformed.
Education
Education forms the cornerstone of 
individual empowerment and 
community progress, equipping 
individuals with the knowledge, skills, 
and critical thinking needed to lead 
independent and meaningful lives.
Health and Sanitation
Health and sanitation remain pressing 
challenges in India, impacting millions 
and hindering national development. 
In response, we have implemented a 
range of proactive initiatives focused 
on improving access, awareness, and 
preventive care to tackle these issues 
and promote public well-being.
`115.1 Lakhs
 T otal CSR Contribution 
for 2024-25 `84,73,000
 Hosur
`12,71,000
 P ondy
`17,66,000
 R ewari
CSR Fund
42
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 46 =====
Sustainable Governance.          
Scalable Innovation.
Governance
We believe that sustainable progress begins 
with strong, transparent, and ethical 
governance. As we drive innovation across 
the mobility landscape, our commitment to 
principled leadership remains unwavering. 
Our governance framework is designed not 
just to ensure compliance, but to empower 
resilience, foster accountability, support 
agile, forward-looking decision-making in a 
rapidly evolving industry.
Our Board of Directors reflects a 
thoughtful balance of Executive and 
Non-Executive members, structured 
to meet statutory requirements while 
fostering a leadership team enriched 
with a wide range of perspectives 
and expertise. Their role transcends 
compliance, actively shaping strategic 
direction and contributing to a 
dynamic, forward-thinking leadership 
model.
As stewards of the Company, the 
Board champions our core values—
integrity, sustainability, and 
innovation. Independent Directors 
play a pivotal role in upholding the 
highest standards of governance. 
Their impartial perspectives and 
specialized knowledge strengthen 
oversight in areas such as strategy, 
risk management, internal controls, 
and performance evaluation, ensuring 
that decision-making remains both 
equitable and future-focused.
Our approach to governance is 
rooted in a strong tradition of ethics, 
fairness, and transparency. It is not 
merely a regulatory framework, but 
an integral part of who we are and 
how we operate. The Board is 
committed to overseeing strategic 
direction, maintaining financial 
discipline, and ensuring that ethical 
standards are consistently upheld 
across the organization.
We are guided by a commitment to all 
stakeholders including regulators, 
employees, customers, partners, 
investors, and the wider community. 
In every engagement, we prioritize 
fairness, responsibility, and long-term 
value creation. This approach fosters 
a culture of openness, mutual trust, 
and accountability, reinforcing our 
role as a responsible corporate 
citizen and a trusted industry leader.
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
43
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 47 =====
Fueled by Purpose.             
Powered by Vision.
BOD
Mr. T. K. Balaji
Chairman
Mr. T K Balaji is the Chairman of the ₹7,000 Crores (USD800 Million) Lucas-TVS 
Group of Companies, engaged in cutting-edge technology products in the field of 
Mechatronics through Lucas-TVS Limited and India Nippon Electricals Limited, 
Common Rail Diesel Fuel Injection Technology through Delphi-TVS Technologies 
Limited and India’s oldest leader in after-market distribution and service of these 
products through Lucas Indian Services Limited.
Under his vision and leadership, Lucas-TVS has become a fully Indian owned company 
and diversified into many high technology areas. Lucas-TVS is now venturing into the 
manufacturing of Next-Generation Li-Ion Cells and Batteries. Through TVS Indeon, a 
newly formed subsidiary of Lucas-TVS, a dedicated plant to manufacture battery packs 
has been set up near Chennai with a capacity of 1 GWh.  Currently, the packs from this 
plant are being supplied to a leading 2W EV manufacturer.
Mr. Balaji was one of the early pioneers and adopters of the Japanese quality and 
manufacturing systems and under his leadership, Lucas-TVS received Deming 
Application Prize by JUSE in 2004 and Deming Grand Prize by JUSE in 2012. These 
are world renowned awards for practicing Total Quality Management (TQM).
Mr. Balaji is the Past President of ACMA and has served as a Member of the CII 
National Council for a number of years. He was a Member of the Development 
Council for Automobiles & Allied Industries, Government of India. In 1995, Mr. 
Balaji was conferred a special award, by the FIE Foundation of Maharashtra for 
his contribution to the Auto Component Industry. He has also served on the 
Boards of leading NSE 100 Corporates during his illustrious career.
He has a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Madras University 
where he secured first rank and is also a gold medallist alumnus of the Indian 
Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.
Mr. Arvind Balaji 
Managing Director
Mr. Arvind Balaji was born on 8th December, 1974, and did his B.E. in Mechanical 
Engineering from Birla Institute of Technology and Science and M.S. in 
Manufacturing System Engineering from Stanford University. He has also done an 
MBA in Finance from the Wharton School, Pennsylvania. He worked as a Staff and 
Senior Consultant at Oracle Consulting Group of Oracle Corporation between 
1998 and 2000 followed by a stint in 2001 as a Summer Associate in Credit 
Suisse First Boston Technology Group in San Francisco. It was here that he 
acquired valuable experience in the field of mergers and acquisitions. Between 
2002 and 2004, he worked as an Associate in Bank of America Securities LLC, 
New Y ork in the field of Investment Banking. Mr. Arvind Balaji joined Lucas Indian 
Service Limited as Whole-time Director in 2004 and his services were placed at 
the disposal of Lucas-TVS for appointment as Vice President - Business Planning. 
He became Joint Managing Director of M/s Lucas TVS Limited, Chennai, in April 
2008 and Managing Director in August 2022. He was the past President of 
ACMA. He was appointed as Managing Director of INEL in 2008.
M
M MM
44
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 48 =====
Ms. Priyamvada Balaji  
Non-Executive Director
Ms. Priyamvada Balaji, (DIN 00730712), was appointed as a Non-Executive 
Director on the Board of the Company on 29th January, 2018. She holds a Post 
Graduate Diploma from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, and a 
Bachelor’s in Economics from Stella Maris College, Chennai.
She is also a member of the Board of Directors of Lucas Indian Service, Lucas 
TVS Limited, Delphi-TVS Technologies Limited, and TVS Training and Services. 
She has been working with the group in various roles from 2014 and is currently 
an Executive Director in Lucas TVS Limited and Lucas Indian Service Limited, 
where she has responsibilities for the aftermarket business as well as for new 
project initiatives. Prior to joining the group, Ms. Balaji was in the Financial 
Services sector for over 12 years. She is also a member of the Southern Region 
Council of the Automotive Component Manufacturers Association (ACMA).
Note: She retires by rotation and being eligible, offers herself for re-appointment at the AGM to be held 
in September 2025.
Mr. Anant Jaivant 
Talaulicar  
Independent Director
Mr. Anant Jaivant Talaulicar, (DIN 00031051), was appointed as the Independent 
Director of the Company on 6th April, 2019.  He has a Bachelor’s degree in 
Mechanical Engineering from Mysore University in India and has also received a 
Master’s degree in Engineering from the University of Michigan in 1985 and an 
MBA from Tulane University in 1987. He is engaged as an advisor and Board 
member of several Indian companies across the manufacturing and service 
sectors. Mr. Talaulicar  is also an advisor and lecturer at the S P Jain Institute of 
Management and Research.
He started his career with Cummins in the US in 1986 as an intern and subsequently 
held several positions both in the United States and in India. 
Mr. Talaulicar was a member of the Cummins Inc. global leadership team from August 
2009 till October 2017. He was also the President of the Cummins Inc. Components 
Group from 2010 through 2014. During this timeframe, he also served as the 
Managing Director of Tata Cummins Private Limited, a 50:50 joint venture between 
Cummins Inc. and Tata Motors Limited. He also chaired the Board of four other 
Cummins legal entities in India. Mr. Talaulicar has undertaken various profiles in his 
career such as financial analyst, manufacturing engineer, project manager, product 
manager, and strategy manager. He also served as joint managing director of 
Cummins India Limited, overseeing the power generation and distribution businesses 
for a year, before becoming chairman and managing director of the company.
M CC
MM
Audit
Committee
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
Stakeholders’
Relationship Committee
Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee
Risk Management 
Committee
Member
M MemberC
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
45
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 49 =====
Mr. Heramb Ravindra 
Hajarnavis 
Independent Director
Mr. Heramb Ravindra Hajarnavis (DIN 01680435) has been appointed as an 
Independent Director of the Company w.e.f 10th August, 2022. He earned his S.B. 
from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and an MBA from Harvard 
Business School (HBS). He was awarded an Aspen Institute Fellowship in 2008.
Mr. Hajarnavis is the Founder and Managing Partner of SeaLink Capital Partners 
(SCP), an investment firm focused on high-potential companies in technology 
enabled business services, healthcare services and cross-border opportunities 
between the US and Asia. He is passionate about collaborating and partnering 
with entrepreneurs to accelerate their growth with global best practices. He was 
the head of KKR’s Indian private equity business from 2010 to 2014. Prior to KKR, 
he was with Goldman Sachs & Co., based out of their New Y ork, Hong Kong, 
Singapore, and Mumbai offices, where he focused on evaluating investment 
opportunities for the firm’s global private equity and mezzanine debt funds.
He was a founding member of Goldman Sachs’ India office and served as 
Managing Director and Co-Head of private equity. His prior experience also 
includes being part of the senior management team at Centennial 
Communications Corp. (a NASDAQ-listed telecommunications services provider 
with operations in the United States and the Caribbean that was subsequently 
acquired by AT&T). He also currently serves as an Independent Director on the 
Board of Sundram Fasteners Limited and as an Additional Director on the Board 
of JM Financial Asset Management Limited.
M CM
46
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 50 =====
Ms. Gangapriya 
Chakraverti  
Independent Director
Ms. Gangapriya Chakraverti has over three decades of experience in the 
corporate world. Her experience comprises corporate and leadership roles in the 
Murugappa Group and Ford Motor Company’s Business Services organization 
and business development and consulting roles in Mercer Consulting. Her 
specific areas of interest include leadership development, change management, 
executive coaching, total rewards and diversity and inclusion.
Starting with her last role as Director – Human Resources and continuing into her 
present role as the Managing Director for Ford Business Services, she has played 
a significant role managing all aspects of human resources and change 
management. She has supported its transformation into a truly global, multi-
functional innovation hub, scaling from 4,000 to 9,000+ employees. Under her 
people-oriented leadership and focus on building a great workplace culture, Ford 
Business Services has been featured amongst the top companies across the 
country by the Great Place to Work Institute. It has been recognized for its 
employee-oriented practices and policies by organizations like NASSCOM, 
Working Mothers Media, and the National HRD Network.
She lends her voice frequently and advocates for diversity and inclusion at the 
workplace, while actively championing greater representation of women in 
leadership roles across industries. She mentors and coaches several senior and 
experienced women, encouraging them to achieve their full potential. Ms. 
Chakraverti is an ardent spokesperson for workplace wellness and has an abiding 
interest in promoting wellness as part of employee engagement. As an HR and 
Business Leader, Ms. Chakraverti is a regular speaker at international and national 
conferences and forums.
Ms. Chakraverti has been the first lady President of the Chennai chapter of the 
NHRDN (2019-2021) and served on its National Board for two consecutive terms. 
She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Arts (Psychology) from the Women’s Christian 
College, Chennai and completed her Master’s degree in Personnel Management 
and Industrial Relations from the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai as a 
gold medalist. She is pursuing her Professional Certified Coach credential from 
the International Coaching Federation and is a Certified Diversity Professional 
from the Diversity Training University International, San Francisco. She was 
recently awarded the Women of World Awards 2023 instituted by The Hindu, in 
the Business Leadership category.
Audit
Committee
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
Stakeholders’
Relationship Committee
Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee
Risk Management 
Committee
Member
M MemberC
C CM
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
47
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 51 =====
Tomorrow’s Engineers.              
Today’s Champions.
Awards
We received the CII Industrial Intellectual Property Award in 
the Large Manufacturing – Design category for achieving 
the highest ratio of design grants to publications in India for 
the period 2019–2024. This recognition was awarded by 
the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
48
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 52 =====
Competition : SMED 
Competition 
Award : 1  Rhodium & 
1 Platinum
Competition: 38th National 
Convention on Quality Concepts
Award: Excellent Award
Competition: QC Competition
Award : 3
rd Prize 
Competition: 9th Hosur Chapter
Quality Circle Convention Award: 7-Gold, 3-Silver   
My Sustainability Index Survey 
(First Time) carried out in Pondy. 
Award: Gold 
Award: Innovation Partner GENERAC
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
49
Annual Report 2024-25
===== PAGE 53 =====
Corporate
Information
Board of Directors
T. K. Balaji 
Chairman
Arvind Balaji 
Managing Director
Anant Jaivant Talaulicar
Heramb Ravindra Hajarnavis
Gangapriya Chakraverti
Priyamvada Balaji
Audit Committee
Anant Jaivant Talaulicar 
Chairman
Heramb Ravindra Hajarnavis
Priyamvada Balaji
Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee
Heramb Ravindra Hajarnavis 
Chairman/Chairperson
Arvind Balaji
Gangapriya Chakraverti
Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee
Gangapriya Chakraverti 
Chairperson
T. K. Balaji
Anant Jaivant Talaulicar
CSR Committee
Gangapriya Chakraverti 
Chairperson
Arvind Balaji
Priyamvada Balaji
Risk Management Committee
Anant Jaivant Talaulicar 
Chairman
Arvind Balaji
Heramb Ravindra Hajarnavis
Ravinder Sharma
President
Ravinder Sharma
Chief Technology Officer
R. Umashankar
Chief Financial Officer
Elango Srinivasan
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer
Logitha S.
Auditors
Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, 
Chennai
Cost Auditor
K. Suryanarayanan
Secretarial Auditor
S.A.E & Associates LLP
Bankers
Bank of Baroda
ICICI Bank Limited
Axis Bank Limited
HDFC Bank Limited
Listed on
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, Mumbai
BSE Limited, Mumbai
Registered Office
11 & 13, Patullos Road,
Chennai - 600 002, Tamil Nadu
Ph: 044 - 2846 0063
Email: investors@inel.co.in
CIN: L31901TN1984PLC011021
Website: www.indianippon.com
Subsidiary Company
PT Automotive Systems Indonesia
Factories
Hosur Unit 
Thalli Road 
Uliveeranapalli - 635 114, Tamil Nadu 
Ph: 04347-233432/233438
Email: inelcorp@inel.co.in
Puducherry Unit
Madukarai Road 
Kariamanickam,
Nettapakkam Commune
Puducherry - 605 106, Tamil Nadu 
Ph: 0413-2697801/2697827
Rewari Unit  
Masani Village 
Rewari District,
Haryana - 122 106
Ph: 01274-240860/240212
R&D Tech Center
SIPCOT Industrial Complex,
Plot No-137, Phase-1, Hosur, 
Tamil Nadu
50
India Nippon Electricals Limited
===== PAGE 54 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
51
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice to Shareholders
NOTICE is hereby given that the 40th Annual General Meeting 
of the Shareholders of INDIA NIPPON ELECTRICALS 
LIMITED (“the Company”) will be held on Friday,  
19th September, 2025 at 10:00 A.M. (I.S.T .) through Video 
Conferencing (VC)/ Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM) to 
transact the following businesses:
ORDINARY BUSINESS
1.
 T
o receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial 
Statements of the Company for the Financial Year 
ended 31st March, 2025
	 To
	consider	and
	if
	thought	fit,
	to
	pass
	the
	following
	
r
esolution
	
as
	
an
	
ORDINARY
	
RESOLUTION:
 
“RESOLVED THAT
	 the
	 aud
ited
	 standalone
	 financ
ial
	
statements
	of
	the
	Company
	for
	th
e
	financial
	y
ear
	ended
	
31st
	Mar
ch,
	2025
	together
	with
	th
e
	r
eports
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	
of
	Dir
ectors
	and
	A
uditors,
	be
	and
	ar
e
	her
eby
	consider
ed
	
and
	
adopted.
 RESOL
VED FURTHER THAT
	the
	audited
	consolidated
	
financial
	statem
ents
	of
	the
	Company
	for
	the
	financial
	
y
ear
	ended
	31st
	Mar
ch,
	2025
	toge
ther
	with
	the
	A
uditors
	
r
eport,
	
be
	
and
	
are
	
hereby
	
considered
	
and
	
adopted.”
2.	 To
	
confirm
	the
	
Interim
	
Dividend
	
for
	
the
	
year
	
2024-25
	 To
	consider	and
	if
	thought	fit,
	to
	pass
	the
	following
	
r
esolution
	
as
	
an
	
ORDINARY
	
RESOLUTION:
 
“RESOLVED THAT the interim dividend of `
	 12.50
	
declar
ed
	and
	paid
	for
	e
very
	equity
	shar
e
	of
	face
	v
alue
	of
	
`
	5
	each
	on
	2,26,21,424
	equity
	shar
es,
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	
Dir
ectors
	of
	the
	Company
	as
	per
	Resolution
	passed
	on
	
13th	F ebruary, 	2025, 	absorbing 	a 	total 	sum 	of 	` 	2,827.67 	
Lakhs,
	be
	and
	is
	her
eby
	noted
	and
	confirmed
	as
	the
	
final
	
dividend
	
for
	
the
	
year
	
ended
	
31st	March,	2025.”
3.
 T
o appoint a director in place of Mrs. Priyamvada 
Balaji (DIN: 00730712), who retires by rotation and 
being eligible offers herself for re-appointment.
	 To
	consider	and
	if
	thought	fit,
	to
	pass
	the
	following
	
r
esolution
	
as
	
an
	
ORDINARY
	
RESOLUTION:
 
“RESOLVED THAT
	 pursuant	 to
	 the
	 pr
ovisions
	 of
	
Section
	 152
	 an
d
	 Rules
	 made
	 ther
eunder
	 (including
	
any
	stat
utory
	modification(s)
	an
d/or
	r
e-enactment(s)
	
ther
eof,
	for
	the
	time
	being
	in
	for
ce)
	r
ead
	with
	Ar
ticle
	
100
	of
	the
	Ar
ticles
	of
	Association
	of
	the
	Company
,
	
Mrs.
	Priy
amvada
	Balaji
	(DIN:
	00730712),
	who
	r
etires
	b
y
	
r
otation,
	be
	and
	is
	her
eby
	r
e-appointed
	as
	a
	Dir
ector
	of
	
the
	
Company,
	
liable
	
to
	
retire
	
by
	
rotation.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS
4.
 T
o ratify the remuneration payable to Mr. K 
Suryanarayanan, the Cost Auditor of the Company for 
the
	
financial
	
year
	
ending
	
31st
	
March,
	
2026.
	 To
	consider	and
	if
	thought	fit,
	to
	pass
	the
	following
	
r
esolution
	
as
	
an
	
ORDINARY
	
RESOLUTION:
 
“RESOLVED THAT
	pursuant	to
	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	Section
	
148
	 and
	 other
	 applicable
	 pr
ovisions,
	 if
	 any
,
	 of
	 the
	
Companies
	Act,
	2013
	r
ead
	with
	the
	Companies
	(A
udit
	
and
	A
uditors)
	Rules,
	2014
	and
	the
	Companies
	(Cost
	
Recor
ds
		and
	A
udit)
	Rules,
	2014
	(i
ncluding
	any
	statutor
y
	
modification(s)
	and/or
	r
e-enactment(s)
	ther
eof,
		for
	the
	
time
	being
	in
	for
ce),
	the
	Members
	of
	the
	Company
	do
	
her
eby
	ratify
	the	r
emuneration
	of
	`
	3,80,000/-
	(Rupees
	
Thr
ee
	Lakhs
	Eighty
	Thousand
	only),
	plus
	applicable
	
tax
es
	 an
d
	 r
eimbursement
	 of
	 actual
	 tra
vel
	 and
	 out-
of-pock
et
	 expenses
	 to
	 Mr
.
	 K
	 Sur
yanarayanan,
	 Cost
	
Accountant
	(Reg
istration
	No.24946),
	as
	appr
oved
	b
y
	
the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors,
	for
	condu
cting
	audit
	of
	the
	cost
	
r
ecords
	of
	the
	Company
	for
	the	financial
	y
ear
	ending
	
31st	March,	2026.”
5.
 T
o consider and approve minimum remuneration and 
annual remuneration in excess of ` 5 Crores payable to 
Mr. Arvind Balaji, Managing Director for the remaining 
period of his tenure
	 To
	consider	and
	if
	thought	fit,
	to
	pass
	the
	following
	
r
esolution
	
as
	
a
	
SPECIAL
	
RESOLUTION:
 
“RESOLVED THAT
	 pursuant	 to
	 the
	 pr
ovisions
	 of
	
Sections
	196,
	197,
	198
	and
	other	applicable
	pr
ovisions,
	
if
	any
,
	of
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	201
3
	r
ead
	with
	Schedule
	
V
	ther
eto
	(includ
ing
	any
	statuto
ry
	modification(s)
	or
	
r
e-enactment(s)
	ther
eof
	for
	the	time
	being
	in
	for
ce),
	
and
	in
	continuation
	of
	the
	r
esolution
	passed
	b
y
	the
	
shar
eholders
	at
	the
	Annual
	General
	Meeting
	held
	on
	
21st	September , 	2022 	appr oving 	the 	r e-appointment 	
of
	 Mr
.
	 Ar
vind
	 Balaji
	 (DIN:
	 00557711)
	 as
	 Managing
	
Dir
ector
	of
	the
	Company
	for
	a
	term
	of
	fiv
e
	y
ears
	fr
om
	 
10th	A ugust, 	2022 	to 	9th	A ugust, 	2027, 	the 	appr oval 	of 	the 	
Members
	be
	and
	is
	her
eby
	acco
rded
	for
	the
	pa
yment
	
of minimum r
emuneration of `
	4
	Cr
ores
	per
	annum
	to
	
Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji,
	in
	the
	e
vent
	of
	absence
	or
	inadequacy
	
of
	pr
ofits
	in
	any	financial
	y
ear
	during
	the
	r
emaining
	
===== PAGE 55 =====
52
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
tenure	of 	his 	app ointment, 	i.e., 	fr om 	1st	April, 	2025 	to 	9th 
August,
	2027,
	as
	r
ecommended
	b
y
	the
	Nomination
	and
	
Remuneration
	Committee
	and
	appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d
	
of
	
Directors
	
at
	
its
	
meeting
	
held
	
on
	
30th	May,	2025.
 RESOL
VED FURTHER THAT
	 in
	 terms
	 of
	 Regulation
	
17(6)(e)
	
of
	
the
	SEBI
	(Listing
	Obligations
	and
	Disclosur
e
	
Requir
ements)
	Regulations,
	2015	and
	other
	applicable
	
pr
ovisions,
	 if
	 any
,
	 the
	 consent
	 of
	 the
	 Members
	 be
	
and
	 is
	 her
eby
	accor
ded
	for
	 the	 pa
yment
	 of
	 annual
	
r
emuneration exceeding `
	5
	Cr
ores
	to
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji
	
during
	the
	r
emaining
	period
	of
	his
	tenur
e
	as
	Managing
	
Dir
ector
	(fr
om
	1st	April, 	2025 	to 	9th	A ugust, 	2027), 	as 	
ma
y
	be
	determined
	b
y
	the
	Boa
rd
	of
	Dir
ectors
	fr
om
	
time
	 to
	 time
	ba
sed
	 on
	 the
	r
ecommendation
	of
	 the
	
Nomination
	and
	Remuneration
	Committee
	and
	subject
	
to
	
applicable
	
laws
	
and
	
shareholder
	
approval.
 RESOL
VED FURTHER THAT
	 ex
cept
	 to
	 the
	 extent
	
modified
	 b
y
	 th
is
	 r
esolution,
	 all
	 other
	 terms
	 and
	
conditions
	of
	ap
pointment
	and
	r
emuneration
	of
	Mr
.
	
Ar
vind
	 Balaji
	 as
	 appr
oved
	 b
y
	 the
	 shar
eholders
	 at
	
the
	A
GM	held
	on
	21st	Septemb er, 	2022 	shall 	r emain 	
unchanged
	and
	continue
	to
	r
emain
	in
	full
	for
ce
	and
	
eff
ect.
 RESOL
VED FURTHER THAT
	 the
	 Boar
d
	 of
	 Dir
ectors
	
of
	the
	Company
	be
	and
	is
	her
eby
	authorised
	to
	tak
e
	
all
	such
	steps,
	actions
	and
	measur
es
	and
	to
	do
	all
	
such
	acts,
	deeds,
	and
	things
	as
	ma
y
	be
	necessar
y,
	
desirable
	or
	expedient
	to
	giv
e
	eff
ect
	to
	this
	r
esolution,
	
including
	making
	necessar
y
	filing
s
	with
	the
	Registrar
	of
	
Companies
	and
	other
	applicable
	r
egulatory
	authorities.”
6.	
To
	
approve
	
the
	
appointment
	
of
	
Secretarial
	
Auditor
	 To
	consider	and
	if
	thought	fit,
	to
	pass
	the
	following
	
r
esolution
	
as
	
an
	
ORDINARY
	
RESOLUTION:
 
“RESOLVED THAT
	pursuant	to
	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	Section
	
204
	and
	other
	ap
plicable
	pr
ovisions
	of
	the
	Companies
	
Act,
	 2013,
	 if
	 any
	 and
	 Rule
	 9
	 of
	 the
	 Companies
	
(Appointment
	 and
	 Remuneration
	 of
	 Managerial
	
P
ersonnel)
	 Rules,
	 2014,
	 r
ead
	 with
	 Regulation
	 24A
	
of
	 the
	 SEBI
	 (
Listing
	 Obligati
ons
	 and
	 Disclosur
e
	
Requir
ements)
	 Regulations,
	 2015
	 (including
	 any
	
statutor
y
	modific
ation(s)
	or
	r
e-enactment(s)
	ther
eof
	for
	
the
	time
	being
	in
	for
ce)
	and
	subject
	to
	r
eceipt
	of
	such
	
other
	ap
provals,
	consents
	and
	permissions
	as
	ma
y
	
be
	r
equired,
	M/s.
	S.A.E.
	&
		Associates
	LLP
,
	Practicing
	
Company
	Secr
etaries,
	(Firm
	Reg.
	No.:
	L2018TN004700)
	
be
	and
	ar
e
	her
eby
	appointed
	as
	th
e
	Secr
etarial
	A
uditors
	
of
	th
e
	Company
	for
	a
	term
	of
	up
	to
	5
	(Fiv
e)
	consecutiv
e
	
y
ears,
	to
	hold
	office
	fr
om
	the
	con
clusion
	of
	this
	Annual
	
General
	Meeting
	(‘
AGM’)
	till
	the
	co
nclusion
	of
	45th	(F orty 	
Fifth)
	A
GM
	of
	the
	Company
	to
	be
	held
	in
	the
	Y
ear
	2030,
	
(audit
	pe
riod
	co
vering
	the
	financi
al
	y
ears
	fr
om
	2025-26
	
to
	2029-30)
	at
	such
	r
emuneration,
	as
	ma
y
	be
	mutually
	
agr
eed
	between
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	of
	the
	Company
	
and
	
the
	
Secretarial
	
Auditor
	
from
	
time
	
to
	
time.
 RESOL
VED FURTHER
	that
	the
	Boar
d
	be
	and
	is
	her
eby
	
authoriz
ed
	to
	do
	all
	such
	acts,
	dee
ds,
	things
	and
	to
	sign
	
all
	such
	documents
	as
	ma
y
	be
	ne
cessary
	to
	giv
e
	eff
ect
	
to
	this
	r
esolution	and
	for
	matters
	connected
	ther
ewith
	
or
	
incidental
	
thereto.”
By Order of the Board
S Logitha
Place:
	
Chennai Company
	
Secretary
	
&
	
Compliance
	
Officer
Date:
	
13th	August,	2025 Membership 	 No. 	 A29260
Registered
	
Office:
No.11
	
&
	
13,
	
Patullos
	
Road,
	
Chennai
	
-
	
600002,
Tamil
	
Nadu,
	
India.
	
•
	
Tel:
	
044-28460073
Email:
	
logitha.s@inel.co.in;
	
investors@inel.co.in
Website:
	
www.indianippon.com
	
CIN:
	
L31901TN1984PLC011021
===== PAGE 56 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
53
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
IMPORTANT NOTES TO SHAREHOLDERS:
1)	 The 	Ministr
y
	of
	Corporate
	Affairs
	 (“MCA
”) has vide 
General
	 Cir
cular
	 No.
	 14/2020
	 dated
	 8th	 April, 	 2020, 	
General
	 Cir
cular
	 No.
	 17/2020
	 dated
	 April
	 13,
	 2020,
	
General
	Cir
cular
	No.
	20/2020
	dated
	5th	Ma y, 	2020 	r ead 	
with
	General
	Cir
cular
	no.
	9/2024
	dated
	September
	19,
	
2024
	and
	other
	cir
culars
	issued
	in
	this
	r
egard
	 (“MCA 
Cir
culars”)
	 and
	 the
	 Securities
	 and
	 Ex
change
	 Boar
d
	
of
	In
dia
	 (“SEBI”)	has
	vide
	its
	Cir
cular
	No.
	SEBI/
HO/
CFD/
	 CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79
	 dated
	 12th	 Ma y, 	 2020, 	
r
ead
	 with
	 Cir
cular
	 No.
	 SEBI/HO
/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/
CIR/2024/133
	 dated
	 3rd	 October , 	 2024 	 and 	 other 	
cir
culars
	 issued	 in
	 this
	 r
egard
	 (“SEBI 
Circulars”) 
(collectively
	 r
eferred
	 to
	 as
	 “Cir
culars”),
	 permitted
	
companies
	to
	conduct
	their
	Annual
	General
	Meeting
	
thr
ough
	 Video
	 Conf
erencing
	 (
VC)
	 or
	 Other
	 A
udio-
Visual
	Means
	 (O
AVM)
	without
	the
	physical
	pr
esence
	
of
	Members
	at
	a
	common
	v
enue
	till
	30th	September , 	
2025.
	 I
n
	 accor
dance
	 with
	 th
e
	 Cir
culars
	 and
	 in
	
compliance
	with	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	
2013
	 (“
Act”)
	 and
	 the
	 SEBI
	 (Listing
	 Obligations
	 and
	
Disclosur
e
	 Requir
ements)
	 Regulations,
	 2015
	 (“SEBI 
Listing 
Regulations”),
	the
	40th	Annual 	General 	Meeting 	
(“
AGM”)
	of
	the
	Company
	is
	bein
g
	conducted
	thr
ough
	
V
C/OAVM.
2)	 The 	Compa
ny
	has
	enabled
	the
	Members
	to
	par
ticipate
	
and
	v
ote
	at
	the
	40th	A GM 	thr ough 	V C/OAVM 	facility 	
pr
ovided
	b
y
	Cent
ral
	Depositor
y
	S
ervices
	(India)
	Limited
	
(CDSL).
	The
	instructions
	for
	par
ticipation
	b
y
	Members
	
in
	the
	A
GM,
	r
emote
	e-v
oting
	and	e-v
oting
	at
	the
	A
GM
	
ar
e
	
given
	
in
	
the
	
subsequent
	
paragraphs.
3)	 A
	 statemen
t
	 pursuant
	 to	 Sec
tion
	 102(1)
	 of
	 the
	
Companies
	Act,
	2013
	r
elating
	to
	the
	special
	business
	
to
	be
	transacted
	at
	the
	A
GM
	is
	annex
ed
	her
eto.
	All
	
documents
	 r
eferred
	 to
	 in
	 the
	 accompanying
	 Notice
	
and
	 the	 Explan
atory
	 Statement
	 shall
	 be
	 a
vailable
	
for
	 inspection
	 electr
onically
	 at
	 the
	 link
	 mentioned
	
ther
ein
	wher
ever
	applicable.
	In
	other
	cases,
	Members
	
seeking
	to
	inspect
	the
	documents
	can
	send
	an
	email
	to
	
inv
estors@inel.co.in.
4)	 The 	A
GM
	shall
	be
	deemed
	to
	be
	held
	at
	the
	Register
ed
	
office
	of
	the
	Company
	at
	No.
	11
	&
	13,
	(Old
	No
	6
	&
	7),
	
P
atullos
	Road,
	Chennai
	–
	600002
	as
	pr
escribed
	under
	
the
	
Circulars.
5)	 Pursuant
	to	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	the
	Act,
	a
	member
	entitled
	
to
	attend	and
	v
ote
	at
	the
	A
GM
	is
	entitled
	to
	appoint
	
a
	pr
oxy
	to
	atten
d
	and
	v
ote
	on
	his/her
	behalf
	and
	the
	
pr
oxy
	need
	not
	be
	a
	Member
	of
	the
	Company
.
	Since
	
this
	A
GM	is
	being
	held
	pursuant
	to
	the
	MCA
	&
	SEBI
	
Cir
culars
	thr
ough
	V
C/
	O
AVM,
	ph
ysical
	attendance
	of
	
Members
	has
	been
	dispensed
	with.
	Accor
dingly,
	the
	
facility
	for
	appointment
	of
	pr
oxies
	b
y
	the
	Members
	
will
	not
	be
	a
vailable
	for
	this
	A
GM	and
	hence
	the
	Pr
oxy
	
F
orm
	and
	A
ttendance
	Slip
	including
	r
oute
	map
	ar
e
	not
	
annex
ed
	
to
	
this
	
Notice.
6)	 In
	pursuanc
e
	of
	Section
	112
	and
	Section
	113
	of
	the
	
Companies
	Act
	2013,
	r
epresentatives
	of
	the
	Members
	
ma
y
	be
	appointed
	for
	the
	purpo
se
	of
	v
oting
	thr
ough
	
r
emote
	e-v
oting	or
	for
	the
	purp
ose
	of
	attending
	the
	
A
GM
	 thr
ough
	 V
C/
	 O
AVM.
	 Institutional/
	 Corporate
	
Members
	(i.e.
	other
	than
	individuals,
	HUF
,
	NRI,
	etc.)
	ar
e
	
r
equired
	to
	send
	a
	scanned
	cop
y
	(PDF/JPG
	F
ormat)
	
of
	its
	Bo
ard
	or
	go
verning
	body
	Resolution,
	authorizing
	
its
	 r
epresentative
	 to
	 attend
	 th
e
	 A
GM
	 thr
ough
	 V
C/
OAVM
	 on
	 its
	 behalf
	 and
	 to
	 v
ote
	 thr
ough
	 e-v
oting.
	
The
	 said
	 Resolution/A
uthorization
	 shall
	 be
	 sent
	 to
	
the
	Scrutiniz
er
		b
y
	email
	thr
ough	
	its
	r
egistered
	email
	
addr
ess
	 to
	 prabhakar@bpcorpadvisors.com
	 with
	 a
	
cop
y
	
marked
	
to
	
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.
7)	 The 	 Company
’s
	 Statutor
y
	 A
uditors,
	 M/s.
	 Deloitte,
	
Haskins 	& 	Sells 	LLP 	Firm 	Registration 	No.: 	117366W/
W
-100018,
	 wer
e
	 appointed
	 for
	 a
	 period
	 of
	 5
	 (Fiv
e)
	
consecutiv
e
	y
ears
	at
	the
	37th	(Thir ty 	Se venth) 	Annual 	
General
	Meeting	(“
AGM”)
	of
	the
	Members
	held
	on
	21st 
September,
	2022
,
	at
	a
	r
emuneration
	as
	decided
	b
y
	the
	
Boar
d
	
of
	
Directors
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
8)	 Members
	ar
e
	r
equested
	to
	intimate
	changes,
	if
	any
,
	
per
taining
	to
	their
	name,
	postal
	addr
ess,
	email
	addr
ess,
	
telephone/
	 mobile
	 numbers,
	 P
ermanent
	 Account
	
Number
	(P
AN),
	nominations,
	power
	of
	attorne
y,
	bank
	
details
	such
	as,
	name
	of
	the
	ban
k
	and
	branch
	details,
	
bank
	 ac
count
	 number
,
	 MICR
	 code,
	 IFS
	 Code,
	 etc.,
	
to
	their
	DPs
	in
	case
	the
	shar
es
	ar
e
	held
	b
y
	them
	in
	
electr
onic
	form
	and
	to
	Cameo
	in
	case
	the
	shar
es
	ar
e
	
held
	
by
	
them
	
in
	
physical
	
form.
9)	 In
	 case
	 of
	 joint
	 holders,
	 the
	 Member
	 whose
	 name
	
appears
	as
	the
	first
	holder
	in
	the
	or
der
	of
	names
	as
	
per
	the
	Register
	of
	Members
	of
	the
	Company
	will
	be
	
entitled
	
to
	
vote
	
at
	
the
	
AGM.
===== PAGE 57 =====
54
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
10)	 Pursuant	 to 	 IEPF 	 (Accoun ting, 	 A udit, 	 T ransfer 	 and 	
Refund)
	Rules,
	2016,
	the
	compan
y
		has
		uploaded
			the
			
details
	of
	unclai
med/
	unpaid
	dividends
	lying
	with
	the
	
company
	on
	the
	website
	of
	the
	company
	viz.,
	https://
indianippon.com/inv
estors.
	 The
	 dividends
	 r
emaining
	
unpaid
	for
	a
	period
	of
	o
ver
	7
	y
ears
	shall
	be
	transf
erred
	
to
	th
e
	In
vestor
	E
ducation
	and
	Pr
otection
	F
und
	of
	the
	
Go
vernment
	of
	India.
	Hence,
	the
	Members
	who
	ha
ve
	
not
	claimed
	their
	dividends
	r
elating
	to
	the
	earlier
	y
ears
	
ma
y
	write
	to
	th
e
	company
	for
	claiming
	the
	amount
	
befor
e
	it
	is
	transf
erred
	to
	the
	F
und.
	The
	details
	of
	due
	
dates
	for
	transf
er
	of
	such
	uncla
imed
	dividend
	to
	said
	
fund
	
are
	
provided
	
in
	
the
	
Corporate
	
Governance
	
Report.
11)	 In
	accor
dance
	with
	Section	124(5)
	of
	the
	Companies
	
Act,
	2013
,
	the
	co
mpany
	has
	transf
erred
	the
	unclaimed/
	
unpaid
	dividends	lying
	with
	the
	co
mpany
	for
	a
	period
	of
	
o
ver
	7
	y
ears,
	to
	the
	IEPF
	establish
ed
	b
y
	the
	Go
vernment
	
of
	
India.
12)	 In
	accor
dance
	with
	Section
	124(6)
	of
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	
2013,
	r
ead
	with
	the
	Inv
estor
	E
ducation
	and
	Pr
otection
	
F
und
	 A
uthority
	 (Accounting,
	 A
uditing,
	 T
ransfer
	 and
	
Refund)
	Rules,
	2016,
	the
	shar
es
	in
	r
espect
	of
	which,
	
dividend
	has
	not
	been
	paid
	or
	clai
med
	for
	7
	consecutiv
e
	
y
ears
	or
	mor
e
	ha
ve
	been
	transf
erred
	b
y
	the
	company
	to
	
IEPF
.
	The
	shar
eholders/
	their
	legal
	heirs
	ar
e
	entitled
	to
	
claim
	the
	said
	shar
es
	and
	the
	dividend,
	so
	transf
erred,
	
fr
om
	the
	IEPF
	b
y
	making
	an
	onlin
e
	application
	in
	F
orm
	
No.
	IEPF-5
	to
	the	IEPF
	A
uthority.
	The
	pr
ocedure
	and
	the
	
form
	
are
	
available
	
at
	
www.iepf.gov.in.
13)	 In
	 compliance
	 with
	 the
	 afor
esaid
	 Cir
culars
	 of
	 MCA
	
&
	SEBI,
	the
	Notice
	of
	the
	A
GM
	along
	with
	the
	Annual
	
Repor
t
	2024-25
	is
	being
	sent
	only
	thr
ough
	electr
onic
	
mode
	to
	those
	Members
	whose
	email
	addr
esses
	ar
e
	
r
egistered
	with
	the
	Company/
	Depositories
	as
	on
	15th 
August,
	2025.
	Members
	ma
y
	note
	that
	the
	Notice
	and
	
Annual
	Repor
t
	2024-25
	will
	also
	be
	a
vailable
	on
	the
	
Company
’s
	webs
ite
	https://india
nippon.com,
	websites
	
of
	th
e
	S
tock
	Ex
changes
	i.e.
	BSE	Limited
	and
	National
	
Stock
	 Ex
change
	 of
	 India
	 Limited
	 at
	 www
.bseindia.
com
	and	www
.nseindia.com
	r
espectively,
	and
	on
	the
	
website
	of
	CDSL	viz,
	www
.cdslindia.com.
	The
	physical
	
copies
	of
	the
	Annual
	Repor
t
	of
	Financial
	Y
ear
	2024-25
	
along
	with
	Notice
	of
	A
GM
	will
	be	dispatched
	to
	those
	
shar
eholders
	
who
	
request
	
for
	
the
	
same.
	 Additionally, 	a 	letter 	pr oviding 	the 	web-link 	to 	access 	the 	
Notice
	of
	the
	40th	A GM 	and 	Annual 	Repor t 	is 	being 	sent 	
to
	th
ose
	Members
	whose
	e-mail
	ids
	ar
e
	not
	r
egistered
	
with
	
the
	
Company/RTA
	
or
	
the
	
Depositories
14)	 In
	 case
	 a
	 person
	 becom
es
	 a
	 Member
	 after
	 15th 
August,
	2025,
	such
	person
	ma
y
	write
	to
	the
	Company/
	
Cameo
	b
y
	e-mail
	at
	inv
estors@inel.co.in/
	inv
estor@
cameoindia.com	pr
oviding
	the
	e-mail
	addr
ess,
	mobile
	
number
,
	self-att
ested
	P
AN
	cop
y
	along
		 with
		 Client
		
Master
	cop
y
	(in
	case
	of
	electr
onic
	holding)/
	cop
y
	of
	
shar
e
	cer
tificate
	(in
	case
	of
	physic
al
	holding)
	for
	getting
	
the
	 weblink
	 for
	 the
	 Notice
	 and	 the
	 Annual
	 Repor
t.
	
Pr
ocedure
	for
	par
ticipation
	in
	A
GM
	and
	e-V
oting
	ar
e
	
giv
en
	in
	subsequent
	paragraphs.
	Only
	a
	member
	as
	on
	
12th	September , 	2025 	will 	be 	elig ible 	to 	par ticipate 	and 	
v
ote
	on
	the
	r
esolutions.
	A
	person
	who
	is
	not
	a
	member
	
as
	on
	the
	cut-off	date
	i.e.,
	12th	September , 	2025, 	should 	
tr
eat
	
this
	
Notice
	
for
	
information
	
purpose
	
only.
15)	 The	Registe
r
	of
	Members
	an
d
	Shar
e
	T
ransfer
	Books
	of
	
the
	Company
	will
	r
emain
	closed
	fr
om
	13th		September , 	
2025
	to
	19th	September , 	2025 	(bo th 	da ys 	inclusiv e) 	for 	
the
	
purpose
	
of
	
Annual
	
General
	
Meeting.
16)	 The	compa
ny
	is
	r
eleasing
	a
	public
	notice
	b
y
	wa
y
	of
	
adv
ertisement
	 in
	 newspapers
	 in
	 English
	 (Business
	
Standar
d)
	 and
	 T
amil
	 (Dinam
ani),
	 containing
	 the
	
following
	
information:
	 •	 Convening
	 of
	 A
GM	 thr
ough
	 V
C/OAVM
	 in
	
compliance
	
with
	
the
	
provisions
	
of
	
the
	
Act.
	 •	 Date
	
and
	
time
	
of
	
the
	
AGM.
	 •	 Availability
	of
	Notice
	of
	the
	Meeting
	on
	the
	website
	
of
	the
	company
,
	the
	Stock
	Ex
changes
	viz.,
	BSE
	
Limited,
	National
	Stock
	Ex
change
	of
	India
	Limited
	
wher
e
	th
e
	shar
es
	of
	the
	company	ar
e
	listed
	and
	at
	
https://www
.evotingindia.com.
	 •	 Requesting
	the
	membe
rs
	who
	ha
ve
	not
	r
egistered
	
their
	email
	addr
esses
	with
	the
	company
,
	to
	get
	the
	
same
	
registered
	
with
	
the
	
company.
17)	 The	 cut-of
f
	 date
	 will
	 be
	 12th	 September , 	 2025 	 for 	
determining
	the
	eligibility
	to
	v
ote
	b
y
	r
emote
	e-v
oting
	or
	
in
	
the
	
AGM.
18)	 The	 details	 r
equired
	 unde
r
	 Regulation
	 36(3)
	 of
	 the
	
Listing
	 Regulati
ons
	 and
	 Secr
etarial
	 Standar
ds
	 on
	
General
	 Meetings
	 (SS-2)
	 issued
	 b
y
	 the
	 Institute
	
===== PAGE 58 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
55
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
of	 Company 	 Secr etaries 	 of 	 India, 	 in 	 r espect 	 of 	 the 	
Dir
ectors
	pr
oposed
	to
	be
	appoin
ted
	/
	r
e-appointed
	at
	
this
	
AGM
	
forms
	
a
	
part
	
of
	
this
	
Notice.
19)	 The	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors,
	at	its
	meeting
	held
	on
	13th 
August,
	 2025
	 has
	 appointed
	 M/s.
	 BP
	 &
	 Associates
	
(Entity
	 ID
:83104),
	 Company
	 S
ecretaries,
	 Chennai,
	
r
epresented
	b
y
	Mr
.
	C
	Prabhakar
,
	P
artner,
	who
	is
	not
	in
	
full
	time
	emplo
yment
	of
	the
	company
,
	as
	Scrutiniz
er,
	
for
	
scrutinizing
	the
	r
emote
	e-v
oting
	and
	e-v
oting
	at
	the
	
A
GM
	
in
	
a
	
fair
	
and
	
transparent
	
manner.
20)	 The	Scrutiniz
er
	shall,
	immediately
	after
	the
	conclusion
	
of
	e-v
oting
	during
	the
	A
GM,
	first
	count
	the
	e-v
otes
	
cast
	 du
ring
	 the	 A
GM,
	 ther
eafter
	 unblock
	 the
	 v
otes
	
cast
	thr
ough
	r
emote
	e-v
oting
	and
	mak
e,
	not
	later
	than
	
2
	working
	da
ys
	fr
om
	the
	concl
usion
	of
	the
	A
GM,
	a
	
consolidated
	Scrutiniz
er’s
	Repor
t
	of
	the
	total
	v
otes
	cast
	
in
	fa
vour
	or
	again
st,
	if
	any
,
	to
	the
	Chairman
	or
	a
	person
	
authorised
	
by
	
him
	
in
	
writing.
21)	 The	r
esult
	declar
ed
	along
	with
	the
	Scrutiniz
er’s
	Repor
t
	
shall
	 be	 placed	 on
	 the
	 Company
’s
	 website
	 https://
indianippon.com/	
	and
	on
	the
	website
	of
	CDSL
	www
.
evotingindia.com
	 for
thwith.
	 The
	 Company
	 shall
	
simultaneously
	for
ward
	the
	r
esults
	to
	National
	Stock
	
Ex
change
	of
	India
	Limited
	and
	BSE
	Limited,
	wher
e
	the
	
shar
es
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
are
	
listed.
22)	 Subject
	to
	the
	r
eceipt
	of
	r
equisite
	number
	of
	fa
vourable
	
v
otes,
	th
e
	Resolutions
	set
	out
	in
	the
	Notice
	of
	A
GM
	shall
	
be
	deem
ed
	to
	be
	passed
	on
	the
	date
	of
	the
	Meeting
	
i.e.19th	September,	2025.
23)	
The	following
	documents
	will
	be
	a
vailable
	for
	inspection
	
b
y
	
the
	
Members
	
electronically
	
during
	
the
	
40th	AGM:
	
-	 Register
	 of
	 Dir
ectors
	 and
	 K
ey
	 Managerial
	
P
ersonnel
	
and
	
their
	
shareholding
	 -	 Register
	of
	Contracts
	or
	Arrangements
	in
	which
	
the
	Dir
ectors
	ar
e
	inter
ested,
	main
tained
	under
	the
	
Companies
	
Act,
	
2013.
24)	 Members
	who
	ha
ve
	not
	r
egistered
	their
	e-mail
	addr
ess
	
ar
e
	r
equested
	to
	r
egister
	the
	same
	in
	the
	following
	
manner
:
 F
or shares held in physical form:
	Members
	can
	submit	
their
	r
equests
	in
	electr
onic
	mode
	thr
ough
	the
	website
	of	
R
TA
	using
	the
	weblink
	https://wisdom.cameoindia.com/
 F
or shares held in Dematerialized form:	Members
	can
	
contact
	
the
	
concerned
	
Depository
	
Participant.
	 Please 	note	that 	r egistration 	of 	e-mail 	addr ess 	and 	
mobile
	number
	is
	mandator
y
	whi
le
	v
oting
	electr
onically
	
and
	
joining
	
virtual
	
meetings.
25)	 Pursuant
	to	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	Section
	72
	of
	the
	Act
	
r
ead
	with	the
	rules
	made
	ther
eunder,
	Members
	holding
	
shar
es
	 in
	 a
	 single
	 name
	 ma
y
	 a
vail
	 the
	 facility
	 of
	
nomination
	in
	r
espect
	of
	the
	sha
res
	held
	b
y
	them.
	All
	
holders
	of
	physical
	securities
	ar
e
	encouraged
	in
	their
	
own
	inter
est
	to
	pr
ovide
	choice
	of
	nomination.
	Members
	
ma
y
	 a
vail
	 this
	 facility
	 b
y
	 send
ing
	 a
	 nomination
	 in
	
the
	pr
escribed
	F
orm
	No.
	SH-13
	to
	the
	R
TA.
	The
	said
	
form
	 is
	 a
vailable
	 on
	 the
	 Company
’s
	 website
	 and
	
can
	 be
	 downlo
aded
	 using
	 http
s://indianippon.com/
investor/#tab-1641371617871-20-1	weblink.
	F
urther,
	
if
	shar
es
	ar
e
	held	in
	dematerializ
ed
	form,
	Members
	can
	
contact
	their
	 r
espective
	 Depositor
y
	 P
articipant(s)
	 to
	
update
	
their
	
nomination
	
details.
26)	 Members
	ma
y
	please
	note
	that
	SEBI
	vide
	its
	Cir
cular
	
No.
	 SEBI/HO/
MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8
	
dated
	 25th	 Janu ary, 	 2022, 	 has 	 mandated 	 the 	 listed 	
companies
	to
	issue
	securities
	in
	dematerializ
ed
	form
	
only
	wh
ile
	pr
ocessing
	ser
vice
	r
equests
	viz.
	Issue
	of
	
duplicate
	securities
	cer
tificate;
	claim
	fr
om
	unclaimed
	
suspense
	account;
	r
enewal
	/
	ex
change
	of
	securities
	
cer
tificate;
	 end
orsement;
	 sub-division/splitting
	 of
	
securities
	 cer
tificate;
	 consolidation
	 of
	 securities
	
cer
tificates
	 /
	 folios;
	 transmission
	 and
	 transposition.
	
Accor
dingly,
	Members
	ar
e
	r
equested
	to
	mak
e
	ser
vice
	
r
equests
	 b
y
	 submitting
	 a
	 duly
	 filled
	 and
	 signed
	
F
orm
	IS
R-
	4,
	the
	format
	of
	which
	is
	a
vailable
	on
	the
	
Company
’s
	 we
bsite
	 at
	 http
s://indianippon.com/
investor/#tab-1641371617871-20-1	and
	R
TA,
	Cameo
	
Corporate
	Ser
vices
	Limited
	(“Cameo
”)
	website
	https://
wisdom.cameoindia.com.
	 It
	 ma
y
	 be
	 noted
	 that
	 any
	
ser
vice
	r
equest
	can
	be
	pr
ocessed
	only
	after
	the
	folio
	is
	
KY
C
	
Compliant.
27)	 As
	per
	cir
culars
	issued
	b
y
	SEBI
	fr
om
	time
	to
	time,
	
inv
estors
	ha
ve
	been
	pr
ovided
	with
	an
	option
	for
	dispute
	
r
esolution
	 unde
r
	 the
	 Stock
	 Ex
change
	 arbitration
	
mechanism
	whe
re
	the
y
	can
	opt
	for
	arbitration
	with
	
Stock
	Ex
changes
	in
	case
	of
	an
y
	grie
vance
	with
	the
	
Company
	and/or
	R
TA.
	F
urther,
	in
	case
	of
	unr
esolved
	
issues,
	the
	inv
estors
	can
	also
	r
egister
	their
	complaint
	
on
	the
	Online
	Dispute
	Resolution	P
ortal,
	a
	mechanism
	
for
	online
	r
esolution
	of
	disputes
	arising
	in
	the
	Indian
	
Securities
	Mark
et
	thr
ough
	the
	ODR
	P
ortal
	at
	https://
smar
todr.in/login.
===== PAGE 59 =====
56
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 
102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT , 2013.
The following Explanatory Statement sets out all the 
material facts relating to the Special business mentioned 
under
	Ite
m
	Nos.
	4,
	5
	&
	6
	of
	the
	accompanying
	Notice
	dated
	
13th August, 2025.
ITEM NO: 04
At
	th
e
	meeting
	held
	on
	30th	Ma y, 	2025, 	the 	Boar d 	appr oved, 	
after
	 co
nsidering
	 the
	 r
ecommendations
	 of
	 the
	 A
udit
	
Committee,
	the
	r
e-appointment
	of
	Mr
.
	K
	Sur
yanarayanan,
	
Cost
	Accountan
t
	(Registration
	No.24946),
	for
	the
	conduct
	
of
	Cost
	A
udit
	of
	the
	Company
	at
	a
	r
emuneration
	of
	`
	3.80
	
Lakhs
	and
	r
eimbursement
	of
	actual
	tra
vel
	and
	out-of-pock
et
	
expenses
	for
	the
	financial
	y
ear
	ending
	31st	Mar ch, 	2026. 	The 	
r
emuneration
	ap
proved
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	needs
	to
	
be
	ratified
	b
y
	the	shar
eholders
	in
	terms
	of
	Section
	148
	of
	the
	
Companies
	Act,
	2013
	and
	Rule
	14
	of
	the
	Companies
	(A
udit
	
and
	
Auditors)
	
Rules,
	
2014.
None
	of
	the
	Dir
ectors
	and
	K
ey
	Managerial
	P
ersonnel
	of
	
the
	Company
	or
	their
	r
espective
	r
elatives
	ar
e
	concerned
	or
	
inter
ested,
	financially
	or
	other
wise
	in
	the
	r
esolution
	set
	out
	at
	
item
	no.4	of
	the
	Notice.
	The
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	r
ecommends
	
the
	
Ordinary
	
Resolution
	
for
	
approval
	
by
	
the
	
members.
ITEM NO: 05
At
	the
	A
GM
	held	on
	21st	Septemb er, 	2022, 	the 	shar eholders 	
appr
oved
	 the
	 r
e-appointment
	 of
	 Mr
.
	 Ar
vind
	 Balaji,
	 (DIN:
	
00557711)
	as
	th
e
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	of
	the
	company
	for
	
a
	pe
riod
	of
	5
	y
ears
	commencing
	fr
om
	10th	A ugust, 	2022. 	
The
	 sha
reholders
	 also
	 appr
oved
	 r
evision
	 in
	 terms
	 of
	
r
emuneration
	in
	accor
dance
	with	Sections
	196,
	197(1),
	198
	
of
	
the
	
Companies
	
Act,
	
2013
	
effective
	
from
	
1st	April,	2022.
F
urther,
	the
	sha
reholders
	appr
oved
	pa
yment
	of
	minimum
	
r
emuneration not exceeding `
	3
	Cr
ores
	per
	annum
	to
	Mr
.
	
Ar
vind
	 Balaji,
	 in
	 the
	 e
vent
	 of
	 absence
	 or
	 inadequacy
	 of
	
pr
ofits
	in
	any
	financial
	y
ear,
	for
	a
	period
	of
	thr
ee
	y
ears
	with
	
eff
ect from 1st	April, 	2022. 	This 	was 	in 	accor dance 	with 	the 	
pr
ovisions
	of
	Se
ction
	197
	r
ead
	with
	Schedule
	V
	and
	other
	
applicable
	
provisions
	
of
	
the
	
Companies
	
Act,
	
2013.
In
	view
	of
	the
	expir
y
	of
	the
	minimum
	r
emuneration
	limit,
	the
	
Boar
d
	based
	on
	the
	r
ecommendations
	of
	the
	Nomination
	
and
	Remuneration
	Committee
	at
	its
	meeting
	dated
	30th	Ma y, 	
2025,
	r
ecommended
	a
	r
evision
	to
	the
	minimum
	r
emuneration
	
limit
	con
sidering	the
	contribution
	made
	b
y
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji,
	
to
	th
e
	o
verall
	pr
ogress
	of
	the
	Company
	under
	his
	leadership
	
and
	afte
r
	taking
	into
	considerati
on
	the
	complexities
	of
	the
	
r
esponsibilities
	 handled
	 b
y
	 him.
	 The
	 Boar
d
	 accor
ded
	 its
	
consent
	to
	pa
y
	a
	minimum
	r
emuneration
	of
	`
	4
	Cr
ores
	per
	
annum
	to
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji,
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	in
	the
	e
vent
	
of
	inade
quacy
	or
	absence
	of
	pr
ofits,
	during
	his
	r
emaining
	
tenur
e
	as
	Managing
	Dir
ector,
	i.e.,
	fr
om
	1st	April, 	2025 	to 	9th 
August,
	
2027,
	
subject
	
to
	
shareholders
	
approval.
Further,
	 pursuant
	 to
	 Regulation
	 17(6)(e)
	 of
	 SEBI
	 (L
ODR)
	
Regulations,
	201
5
	appr
oval
	of
	th
e
	Shar
eholders
	b
y
	wa
y
	of
	
a
	specia
l
	r
esolution
	shall
	be
	obtained
	for
	pa
yment
	of
	annual
	
r
emuneration
	 to	 Ex
ecutive
	 Dir
ectors,
	 who
	 ar
e
	 pr
omoters
	
or
	members
	of
	the
	pr
omoter
	gr
oup,
	ex
ceeding
	 `
	5
	Cr
ores
	
or
	2.5%
	of
	the
	net
	pr
ofits
	of
	th
e
	Company
,
	whiche
ver
	is
	
higher
.
	Based
	on	the
	business
	pr
ospects
	of
	the
	Company
,
	
the
	annu
al
	r
emuneration
	pa
yable
	to
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	ma
y
	
ex
ceed `
	5
	Cr
ores,
	during
	the
	financial
	y
ear(s)
	falling
	within
	
the
	
remaining
	
tenure
	
of
	
his
	
appointment.
Accordingly
	cons
ent
	of
	the
	members
	is
	sought
	for
	passing
	
a
	Sp
ecial
	Resolution
	as
	set
	out
	at
	Item
	No.
	5
	of
	the
	Notice
	
for
	pa
yment
	of
	minimum
	r
emuneration
	to
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji,
	
Managing
	Dir
ector
	as
	detailed
	in
	the
	r
esolution.
	The
	Boar
d
	
r
ecommends
	the
	Special
	r
esolution
	as
	set
	out
	in
	Item
	No.
	5
	
for
	
approval
	
by
	
the
	
shareholders.
Mr.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji	is
	concerned/in
terested
	in
	this
	r
esolution.
	
Mr
.
	T
	K
	Balaji,
	Chairman
	and
	Mrs.	Priy
amvada
	Balaji,
	Dir
ector
	
ar
e
	
also
	
deemed
	
to
	
be
	
interested,
	
being
	
his
	
relatives.
None
	of
	the
	othe
r
	Dir
ectors
	or
	K
ey
	Managerial
	P
ersonnel
	of
	
the
	Company
	or
	their
	r
elatives
	ar
e
	concerned
	or
	inter
ested,
	
financially
	or
	oth
erwise,
	in
	the
	r
esolution
	as
	set
	out
	in
	Item
	
No.5
	
of
	
the
	
Notice.
===== PAGE 60 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
57
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
ITEM NO: 05
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 
II OF PART II OF SCHEDULE V OF THE COMPANIES ACT , 
2013 [INCLUDING SECRETARIAL STANDARD-2 AS 
APPLICABLE] IN RESPECT OF ITEM NO. 5 OF THE NOTICE
I.
 General Info
rmation: 
1)
 Natur
e of industry: 
	 	Ind
ia
	 Nipp
on
	 Electricals
	 Limited
	 is
	 manufacturing
	
Electr
onic
	 Ignition
	 Systems
	 for
	 two-wheelers,
	 thr
ee
	
wheelers
	 and
	 por
table
	 engines.
	 Ov
er
	 the
	 y
ears,
	 the
	
company
	has
	enlar
ged
	its
	cust
omer
	base
	and
	now
	
supplies
	to
	most
	of
	the
	manufact
urers
	of
	two-wheelers,
	
thr
ee
	
wheelers
	
and
	
gensets.
	
2)
  Date or expected date of commencement 
of 
commercial production: 
	 	The	compa
ny
	star
ted
	its
	co
mmercial
	pr
oduction
	in
	the
	
y
ear
	
1984.
	
3)
  In 
case of new companies, expected date of 
commencement of activities as per project approved 
by
	
financial
	
institutions
	
appearing
	
in
	
the
	
prospectus:
 Not	
Applicable
	
4)
 Fin
ancial performance based on given indicators: 
(Rs.
	
In
	
lakhs)
Particulars 2024-25 2023-24
Total
	
Revenue 84,483 72,408
Profit
	
before
	
tax 10,268 7,578
Net
	
Profit 8,203 5,930
Dividend
	
Paid 2,827 2,318
5)
 F
oreign investments or collaborations, if any: Nil
II.
 Info
rmation about the appointee: 
1)
 Back
ground details 
	 	Mr
.
	 Ar
vind
	 Balaji
	 is
	 the
	 Managing
	 Dir
ector
	 of
	 our
	
Company
.
	He
	is
	also
	the
	Manag
ing
	Dir
ector
	in
	L
ucas
	
T
VS
	Limited
	and
	is
	r
esponsible
	for
	all
	strategic
	and
	
k
ey
	 ope
rational
	 decisions
	 of
	 the
	 Companies.
	 Prior
	
to
	joining
	the
	company
,
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji
	work
ed
	in
	
the
	inv
estment
	banking
	division
	of
	Bank
	of
	America
	
in
	th
e
	general
	industrial
	gr
oup
	wher
e
	he
	focused
	on
	
helping
	automotiv
e
	companies
	in
	financing
	and
	M&A
	
transactions.
	He
	also
	work
ed
	at
	Oracle
	Corporation
	in
	
their
	consulting
	division.
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji
	has
	a
	master
’s
	
in
	 business
	 administration
	 specializing
	 in
	 Finance
	
fr
om
	the	Whar
ton
	School,
	Univ
ersity
	of
	P
ennsylvania
	
as
	 well
	 as
	 a
	 master
’s
	 degr
ee
	 in
	 manufacturing
	
systems
	enginee
ring
	fr
om
	Stanfor
d
	Univ
ersity.
	During
	
the
	financial
	y
ear
	under
	r
eview,
	ther
e
	wer
e
	5
	boar
d
	
meetings
	held
	all
	of
	which
	wer
e
	attended
	b
y
	him.
	As
	on
	
the
	date
	of
	notice,
	he
	is
	not
	holding
	any
	shar
es
	in
	the
	
Company
.
	He
	is
	not
	r
elated
	to
	any
	other
	person
	other
	
than
	Mr
.
	T
	K
	Ba
laji,
	Chairman
	an
d
	Managing
	Dir
ector,
	
Ms.
	
Priyamvada
	
Balaji,
	
Director.
	
2)
 P
ast remuneration: 
	 	The	 total
	 r
emuneration
	 of
	 Mr
.
	 Ar
vind
	 Balaji
	 for
	 the
	
financial
	y
ear
	en
ded
	31st	Mar ch 	2025 	is 	Rs. 	384 	Lakhs 	
comprising
	
of
	
salary,
	
perquisites
	
and
	
others.
3)	 Job 	
profile
	
and
	
his
	
suitability:
	
	 	He
	has
	bee
n
	appointed
	as
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	of
	the
	
Company
	since
	1st	April 	2013. 	He	has 	been 	r esponsible 	
for
	 r
estructuring
	 the
	 company
	 and
	 conceiving
	 and
	
implementing
	tu
rnaround
	strate
gy
	which
	r
esulted
	in
	
the
	Company
	emer
ging
	as
	one
	of
	the
	pr
emier
	auto
	
electrical
	component
	manufactur
ers
	with
	consistent
	
pr
ofitability.
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji
	as
	a
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	is
	
r
esponsible
	for
	o
verall
	management
	of
	the
	Company
	
and
	da
y-to-day
	operations
	of
	the
	Company
.
	Apar
t
	fr
om
	
o
verall
	managem
ent,
	He
	pla
ys
	an
	activ
e
	r
ole
	in
	business
	
strategy
	and
	business
	de
velopment.
	Considering
	his
	
qualifications,
	 v
ast
	 experience
	 and
	 deep
	 knowledge
	
of
	th
e
	bu
siness
	in
	which
	Compa
ny
	operates
	and
	also
	
contribution
	 made
	 b
y
	 him
	 towar
ds
	 gr
owth
	 of
	 the
	
Company
,
	the
	r
emuneration
	pr
oposed
	commensurate
	
with
	
his
	
job
	
profile
	
and
	
is
	
justified.
	
4)
 Remunerat
ion proposed: 
	 	It
	is
	pr
oposed
	to
	pa
y
	minimum
	r
emuneration
	of
	Rs.
	
4
	Cr
ores
	per
	an
num
	to
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji,
	Managing
	
Dir
ector
	with
	eff
ect
	fr
om
	01st	April 	2025 	to 	09th	A ugust 	
2027
	in
	the
	e
vent
	of
	loss
	or
	inadequacy
	of
	pr
ofits
	in
	
any
	financial
	y
ear
	and
	be
	r
eviewed
	annually
	which
	is
	
in
	ac
cordance
	with
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	2013,
	and
	the
	
Rules
	made
	ther
e
	under
	or
	any
	statutor
y
	modification
	
or
	r
e-enactment
	ther
eof.
	(Details
	of
	r
emuneration
	as
	
contained
	in
	the
	explanator
y
	stat
ement
	annex
ed
	to
	the
	
notice
	
of
	
AGM
	
sent
	
to
	
shareholders)
	
===== PAGE 61 =====
58
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
5)	 	Com parative 	 r emuneration 	 pr ofile 	 with 	 r espect 	 to 	
industr
y,
	siz
e
	of
	the
	company
,
	pr
ofile
	of
	the
	position
	
and person: 
	 	The	 r
emuneration
	 pa
yable
	 has
	 been
	 consider
ed
	 b
y
	
the
	Nom
ination
	and
	Remuneration
	Committee
	of
	the
	
Company
	at
	the
	meeting
	held
	on	30th	Ma y, 	2025. 	The 	
pr
ofile
	of
	the
	Managing
	Dir
ector,
	his
	r
esponsibilities,
	
complex
	 business
	 operations,
	 industr
y
	 benchmark
	
and
	siz
e
	of
	the
	Company
	justify	the
	pa
yment
	of
	said
	
r
emuneration.
	 The
	 r
emuneration
	 fix
ed
	 has
	 been
	
benchmark
ed
	with
	the
	r
emuneration
	being
	drawn
	b
y
	
peers
	in
	similar
	capacity
	in
	A
uto	electrical
	component
	
manufactur
ers
	of
	comparable
	siz
e
	in
	the
	A
uto
	electrical
	
Component
	
Industry.
	
6)	 	P
ecuniary
	 r
elationship
	 di
rectly
	 or
	 indir
ectly
	 with
	
the 
company, or relationship with the Managerial 
personnel, if any: 
	 	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji
	has
	no
	ot
her
	pecuniar
y
	r
elationship
	
with
	 the
	 company
	 ex
cept
	 to
	 the
	 extent
	 of
	 his
	
r
emuneration
	in
	the
	company
.
	He
	is
	the
	son
	of
	Mr
.
	T
	K
	
Balaji,
	Chairman
	and
	Br
other
	of
	Ms.
	Priy
amvada
	Balaji,
	
Dir
ector
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
	
III.
 Oth
er information: 
1)	 Reasons
	
of
	
loss
	
or
	
inadequate
	
profits:
	
	 	The	Company
	has
	been
	consistently
	r
egistering
	pr
ofits
	
in
	the
	past
	decad
es.
	The
	compan
y
	had
	r
egistered
	a
	Net
	
Pr
ofit
	of
	Rs.
	82.03
	Cr
ores
	for
	the
	financial
	y
ear
	2024-25.
	
Pr
esently
	
there
	is
	no
	
inadequacy
	of
	pr
ofits
	for
	pa
yment
	
of
	r
emuneration
	to
	the
	Dir
ectors,
	howe
ver,
	to
	enable
	the
	
continuity
	in
	pa
yment
	of
	r
emuneration,
	it
	is
	pr
oposed
	to
	
seek
	
the
	
approval
	
of
	
members
	
by
	
special
	
resolution.
2)
 Steps tak
en or proposed to be taken for improvement: 
	 Not 	
Applicable
3)	 	Expected
	 incr
ease
	 in
	 pr
oductivity
	 and
	 pr
ofits
	 in
	
measurable terms: 
	
Not	
applicable
	
as
	
the
	
Company
	
has
	
adequate
	
profits.
ITEM
	
NO:
	
06
Pursuant
	to
	Sect
ion
	204
	of
	the
	Act,
	the
	Company
	is
	r
equired
	
to
	annex	to
	the
	Boar
d’s
	Repor
t,
	a
	Secr
etarial
	A
udit
	Repor
t
	
giv
en
	b
y
	a
	pract
icing
	company
	secr
etary
	in
	the
	format
	as
	
pr
escribed.
	 Rule
	 9
	 of
	 the
	 Companies
	 (Appointment
	 and
	
Remuneration)
	Rules
	2014
	pr
escribes
	F
orm
	MR-3
	for
	the
	
said
	Sec
retarial
	A
udit
	Repor
t.
	F
urther,
	Section
	179
	of
	the
	
Act
	r
ead
	with
	Rule
	8
	of
	the
	Companies
	(Meetings
	of
	Boar
d
	
and
	its
	P
owers)
	Rules,
	2014
	pr
ovide
	that
	the
	appointment
	
of
	S
ecretarial
	A
uditor
	shall
	be
	made
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d
	at
	the
	
meeting
	
of
	
the
	
Board.
Moreover,
	SEBI
	vide
	its
	notification
	dated
	12th	December , 	
2024
	amended
	Regulation
	24A
	of
	the
	Listing
	Regulations.
	
The
	ame
nded
	r
egulation
	r
ead
	with	the
	SEBI
	cir
cular
	no.
	SEBI/
HO/CFD/CFDP
oD-2/CIR/P/2024/185
	dated
	31st	December , 	
2024
	(th
e
	Cir
cular)
	ha
ve
	inter-a
lia
	pr
escribed
	the
	term
	of
	
appointment/r
e-appointment,
	 eligibility
,
	 qualifications
	 and
	
disqualifications
	of
	Secr
etarial
	A
uditor
	for
	a
	Listed
	Company
.
As
	per
	th
e
	amend
ed
	Regulation
	24A
	of
	the
	Listing
	Regulations,
	
the
	Company
	and
	its
	material
	un
listed
	subsidiar
y
	company
	
incorporated
	in
	India
	is
	r
equired
	to
	under
take
	Secr
etarial
	
A
udit
	b
y
	a
	Secr
etarial
	A
uditor
	wh
o
	shall
	be
	a
	P
eer
	Re
viewed
	
Company
	Secr
etary
	and
	annex
	a
	Secr
etarial
	A
udit
	Repor
t
	in
	
such
	form
	as
	specified
	b
y
	SEBI,
	with
	the
	annual
	r
eport
	of
	the
	
Company
.
Further,
	w
.e.f.
	1st	April, 	2025, 	e very 	Listed 	Compa ny 	on 	the 	
r
ecommendation
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	shall
	appoint
	
or
	 r
e-appoint
	 (i
)
	 an
	 Individual
	 as
	 Secr
etarial
	 A
uditor
	 for
	
not
	mor
e
	than
	one
	term
	of
	fiv
e
	consecutiv
e
	y
ears
	or
	(ii)
	a
	
Secr
etarial
	A
udit	firm
	as
	Secr
etarial
	A
uditor
	for
	not
	mor
e
	
than
	two	terms
	of
	fiv
e
	consecutiv
e
	y
ears
	with
	the
	appr
oval
	
of
	
its
	
shareholders
	
in
	
its
	
Annual
	
General
	
Meeting.
In
	ac
cordance
	with
	the
	abo
ve,
	th
e
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	at
	its
	
meeting
	held
	on
	13th	A ugust, 	2025 	consider ed, 	appr oved 	and 	
r
ecommended
	to	the
	Shar
eholders
	of
	the
	Company
	for
	their
	
appr
oval,
	the
	app
ointment
	of
	M/s
.
	S.A.E.
	&
	Associates
	LLP
,
	a
	
firm
	of
	Company
	Secr
etaries
	in
	practice,
	(Firm
	r
egistration
	
number
:
	 L2018TN004700)
	 as
	 S
ecretarial
	 A
uditors
	 of
	 the
	
Company
	at
	the	ensuing
	40th	Annual 	General 	Meeting 	for 	
a
	term
	of
	5
	cons
ecutive
	Y
ears,
	to	conduct
	Secr
etarial
	A
udit
	
and
	issue
	(i)
	the
	Secr
etarial
	A
udit
	Repor
t
	under
	Section
	204
	
of
	th
e
	Act
	and
	(ii)
	the
	Secr
etarial
	A
udit
	and
	Compliance
	
Repor
t
	under
	Regulation
	24A
	of
	the
	Listing
	Regulations
	for
	
the
	
appointed
	
term.
The
	 Boa
rd
	 of
	 Dir
ectors
	 ha
ve
	 appr
oved
	 that
	 in
	 addition
	
to
	 issuing
	 the
	 Secr
etarial
	 A
udit
	 Repor
t,
	 the
	 Secr
etarial
	
A
uditors
	shall
	also
	issue
	to
	the
	Company
	(i)
	the
	Secr
etarial
	
Compliance
	Repor
t
	under
	Regul
ation
	24A(2)
	of
	the
	Listing
	
Regulations
	 for
	 the
	 T
erm
	 (ii)
	 the
	 Compliance
	 cer
tificate
	
r
egarding
	compli
ance
	of
	conditio
ns
	of
	corporate
	go
vernance
	
as
	ma
y
	be
	r
equired
	under
	P
ara
	E
	of
	Schedule
	V
	of
	the
	Listing
	
Regulations
	for
	the
	T
erms
	and
	(iii)
	the
	cer
tificate
	on
	non-
===== PAGE 62 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
59
Annual Report 2024-25
disqualification	of 	the 	dir ectors 	as 	ma y 	be 	r equired 	under 	
sub-clause
	(i)
	of
	clause
	10
	of
	P
aragraph
	C
	of
	Schedule
	
V
	of
	Listing
	Regulations
	for
	the	T
erm
	and
	(iv)
	such
	other
	
cer
tificates
	or
	r
eports
	or
	opinion
s
	which
	can
	be
	issued
	b
y
	
the
	
Secretarial
	
Auditors
	
under
	
Applicable
	
Laws.
M/s.
	S.A.E.
	&
	As
sociates
	LLP
	ha
ve
	consented
	to
	the
	said
	
appointment
	 an
d
	 confirmed
	 that
	 their
	 appointment,
	 if
	
made,
	would
	be
	within
	the
	limit
	specified
	b
y
	the
	Institute
	of
	
Companies
	Secr
etaries
	of
	India.
	The
y
	ha
ve
	fur
ther
	confirmed
	
that
	the
y
	ar
e
	not	disqualified
	to
	be
	appointed
	as
	Secr
etarial
	
A
uditors
	 in
	 term
	 of
	 pr
ovisions
	 of
	 the
	 Companies
	 Act,
	
2013,
	th
e
	Companies
	Secr
etaries
	Act,
	1980
	and
	Rules
	and
	
Regulations
	mad
e
	ther
eunder
	and
	the
	Listing
	Regulations
	
and
	
the
	
Circular.
Credentials of Secretarial Auditors:
Terms
	
and
	
Conditions
	
of
	
appointment
	
and
	
remuneration:
a)
 T
erm of appointment:
	 To
	 be
	 appoi
nted
	 for
	 fiv
e
	 (5)
	 consecutiv
e
	 y
ears
	
commencing
	fr
om
	the
	conclusio
n
	of
	40th	A GM 	till 	the 	
conclusion
	 of
	 45th	 A GM 	 (A udit 	 period 	 co vering 	 the 	
financial
	
years
	
from
	
2025-26
	
to
	
2029-30)
b)
 Remunerat
ion:
	 The 	 pr
oposed
	 f
ee
	 as
	 determined
	 b
y
	 the
	 A
udit
	
Committee
	and/
or
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	will
	be
	based
	
on
	 know
ledge,
	 exper
tise,
	 indus
try
	 experience,
	 time
	
and
	effor
ts
	r
equired
	to
	be
	put
	in
	b
y
	the
	Secr
etarial
	
A
uditor,
	which
	is
	in
	line
	with
	the	industr
y
	benchmark.
	
The
	pa
yment
	for
	ser
vices
	in
	the
	natur
e
	of
	cer
tifications
	
and
	other
	pr
ofessional
	work
	will
	be
	in
	addition
	to
	the
	
Secr
etarial
	A
udit	f
ee
	and
	shall
	be
	determined
	b
y
	the
	
A
udit
	
Committee
	
and/or
	
the
	
Board
	
of
	
Directors.
c)
 Basis of r
ecommendations:
	 Based
	on
	a
	compr
ehensive
	assessment
	of
	the
	Firm
’s
	
eligibility
,
	qualifications,
	experience,
	and
	independence,
	
as
	well
	as
	the
	exper
tise
	of
	its
	P
artners
	in
	deliv
ering
	
Secr
etarial
	A
udit
	ser
vices
	and
	th
e
	Company
’s
	positiv
e
	
past
	experience
	with
	the
	Firm,
	par
ticularly
	the
	quality
	
and
	eff
ectiveness
	of
	the
	audit
	work
	pr
eviously
	carried
	
out,
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	ha
ve
	r
eviewed
	and
	appr
oved
	
the
	afor
ementioned
	pr
oposal,
	and
	r
ecommended
	it
	to
	
the
	
Shareholders
	
for
	
their
	
approval
Accordingly,
	con
sent
	of
	the
	members
	is
	sought
	for
	passing
	
an
	Or
dinary
	Resolution
	as
	set
	out
	at
	Item
	No.6
	of
	the
	Notice
	
for
	appo
intment	of
	Secr
etarial
	A
uditor
	commencing
	fr
om
	
the
	conclusion
	of
	40th	A GM 	till 	the 	conclusion 	of 	45th	A GM 	
(A
udit
	pe
riod
	co
vering
	the
	financ
ial
	y
ears
	fr
om
	2025-26
	to
	
2029-30).
	The
	Boar
d
	r
ecommends
	the
	Or
dinary
	Resolution
	
at
	
Item
	
No.6
	
for
	
approval
	
by
	
the
	
Members.
None
	of
	the
	Dir
ectors
	/
	K
ey
	Managerial
	P
ersonnel
	of
	the
	
Company
	/
	thei
r
	r
elatives
	ar
e,
	in
	any
	wa
y,
	concerned
	or
	
inter
ested,
	financ
ially
	or
	other
wise,
	in
	the
	r
esolution
	set
	out
	
at
	
Item
	
No.
	
6
	
of
	
the
	
Notice.
ANNEXURE TO THE NOTICE
Particulars of the Director seeking re-appointment/
continuation at the 40th Annual General Meeting pursuant 
to
	 r
egulation
	 36(3)
	 of
	 SEBI
	 (Listing
	 Obligations
	 and
	
Disclosur
e Requirements), 2015:
ITEM NO. 3
Mrs.
	 Priy
amvada
	 Balaji,
	 (DIN:
	 00730712),
	 Non-ex
ecutive
	
dir
ector
	
of
	
the	Company
	was
	born
	on
	23rd	October , 	1978 	and 	
she	
has	been
	a
	Member
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	dir
ectors
	of
	many
	
companies
	inclu
ding
	L
ucas
	Indi
an
	Ser
vice
	Limited,
	Delphi
	
T
VS
	T
echnologies
	Limited
	and
	L
ucas
	T
VS
	Limited.
	Prior
	to
	
joining
	the
	T
VS
	gr
oup,
	she
	has
	14
	y
ears
	of
	experience
	in
	
Financial
	Ser
vices
	in
	Mumbai
	an
d
	Bangalor
e
	working
	with
	
many
	internation
al
	companies.
	S
he
	was
	a
	Senior
	Dir
ector,
	
and
	Regional
	Hea
d
	for
	the
	W
estern
	Region
	Corporate
	ratings
	
at
	In
dia
	Ratings
	(earlier
	Fitch
	Ratings
	India)
	as
	well
	as
	a
	
member
	of
	the
	National
	Rating
	Committee.
	She
	also
	has
	
experience
	
with
	
rating
	
large
	
international
	
bond
	
placements.
Within
	In
dia
	Ratings,
	she
	has
	had
	analytical
	experience
	in
	
the
	auto
motive,
	metals
	and
	mining
	and
	industrial
	sectors.
	
Prior	
to
	that,
	she
	has
	experience
	in
	leading
	corporates
	such
	
as
	HSBC
	in
	the
	Corporate
	bank
	and
	in
	Ar
thur
	Andersen
	in
	
corporate
	
finance.
She
	has	a
	P
ost
	Graduate
	Diploma
	fr
om
	the
	Indian
	Institute
	
of
	
Management,
	
Ahmedabad
	
(batch
	
of	 2000)
	 and
	 a
	 BA
	
in
	E
conomics
	(S
ilver
	Medalist)
	fr
om
	Stella
	Maris
	College,
	
Chennai.
	 She
	 was
	 nominated
	 b
y
	 L
ucas
	 Indian
	 Ser
vice
	
Limited
	
(Promoter)
	
to
	
the
	
Board.
She
	r
etires
	b
y
	r
otation
	and
	being
	eligible,
	off
ers
	herself
	for
	
r
e-appointment
	
at
	
the
	
AGM
	
to	be
	 held
	 on
	 19th	 September 	
2025.
	Sh
e
	is
	inte
rested
	in
	the
	r
esolution
	r
elating
	to
	her
	r
e-
appointment
	as
	Dir
ector
	besides
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji,
	Managing
	
Dir
ector
	and
	Mr
.
	T
	K
	Balaji,
	Dir
ector
	being
	her
	immediate
	
r
elatives.
	Other
	dir
ectors
	or
	k
ey
	managerial
	personnel
	or
		
their
	r
espective
	r
elatives
	ar
e
	not
	inter
ested
	in
	this
	r
esolution.
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
===== PAGE 63 =====
60
India Nippon Electricals Limited
S 
No.
Category Particulars
1. Name
	
of
	
the
	
Director Mrs.
	
Priyamvada
	
Balaji
	
(DIN:
	
00730712)
2. Designation/category
	
of
	
the
	
Director Non-Executive
	
(Non-Independent)
	
Director
3. Date
	
of
	
Birth
	
&
	
Age 23rd	October	1978	&	Age	46
4. Nationality Indian
5. Pr
ofile/
	
Qualification Post
	
Graduate
	
Diploma	 from
	the
	I
ndian
	I
nstitute
	of
	Management,
	Ahmedabad	
(
batch
	of
	2000)
	and
	a
	BA
	in
	E
conomics
	(
Silver
	Medalist)
	fr
om
	S
tella
	Maris
	College,	
Chennai
6. Exper
tise
	
in
	
specific
	
functional
	
areas She
	 has
	 analytical
	 experience
	 in
	 the
	 automotiv
e,
	 metals
	 and
	 mining
	 and
	
industrial
	sectors
	and
	she
	has
	exp
erience
	in
	leading
	corporates
	such
	as
	HSBC
	in
	
the
	
corporate
	
bank
	
and
	
in
	
Arthur
	
Andersen
	
in
	
corporate
	
finance.
7. Date
	
of
	
first
	
appointment
	
to
	
the
	
Board 29/01/2018
8. Terms
	an
d
	Cond
itions
	of
	appointm
ent
	/
	
r
eappointment
	
Re-appointment
	 as
	 a
	 Non-Ex
ecutive,
	 Non-Independent
	 Dir
ector
	 under
	 sec
	
152(6)
	
of
	
Companies
	
Act
	
2013.
9. Remuneration
	 last
	 drawn
	 for
	 the
	 FY
	
2024-25
`
	
4,35,000/-
	
(Sitting
	
Fees)
10. Revised
	
Remuneration
	
sought
	
to
	
be
	
paid
Sitting
	f
ees
	and
	commission
	as
	ma
y
	be
	appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors/
shareholders
	
in
	
accordance
	
with
	
the
	
applicable
	
provisions
	
of
	
law.
11. No.
	
of
	
Shares
	
held Nil
12. Relationship
	
between
	
director
	
inter-se
	
Relationship
	
with
	
Directors:
Relationship
	
with
	
Directors:
	
Daughter
	
of
	
Mr.
	
T
	
K
	
Balaji,
	
Director
	
and
	
Sister
	
of
	
Mr
.
	
Arvind
	
Balaji,
	
Managing
	
Director.
13. No.
	
of
	
Board
	
Meetings
	
attended
	
/
	
held
	
during
	
the
	
year
	
2024-25
4/5
14. Name(s)
	 of
	 oth
er
	 entities
	 in
	 which
	
holding
	
of
	
directorship
1.
				
SB
	
TVS
	
Industrial
	
Ventures
	
Private
	
Limited
2.
				
TVS
	
Indeon
	
Limited
3.
				
Lucas
	
Indian
	
Service
	
Limited
4.
				
Lucas
	
TVS
	
Limited
5.
				
Delphi-TVS
	
Technologies
	
Limited
6.
				
TVS
	
Automotive
	
Systems
	
Limited
7.
				
Cheema
	
TVS
	
Industrial
	
Ventures
	
Private
	
Limited
8.
				
Synergy
	
Shakthi
	
Renewable
	
Energy
	
Private
	
Limited
9.
				
Punarvasu
	
Swasthi
	
Private
	
Limited
10.
		
Hastham
	
Swasthi
	
Private
	
Limited
11.
		
Adyar
	
Property
	
Holding
	
Company
	
Private
	
Limited
12.
		
Tamil
	
Nadu
	
Skill
	
Development
	
Corporation
13.
		
Sai
	
Security
	
Printers
	
Private
	
Limited
14.
		
TVS
	
Training
	
and
	
Services
	
Limited
15.
		
Sai
	
Press
	
(India)
	
Pvt
	
Ltd
16.
		
Twentythree
	
80
	
Asset
	
Managers
	
LLP
15. Listed
	
entities
	
from
	
which
	
the
	
Director
	
has
	
resigned
	
in
	
the
	
past
	
three
	
years
Nil
16. Chairpersonship/Membership
	
in
	
committees
	
of
	
other
	
Entities
1.
				
Member
	
of
	
Audit
	
Committee
	
at
	
Lucas
	
Indian
	
Service
	
Limited
2.
						Member
	of
	CSR
	Committee
	at
	Delphi
	T
VS
	T
echnologies
	Limited
	and
	L
ucas
	
T
VS
	
Limited
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
===== PAGE 64 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
61
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
ITEM NO. 5
S 
No.
Category Particulars
1. Name
	
of
	
the
	
Director Mr.
	
Arvind
	
Balaji
	
(DIN:
	
00557711)
2. Designation/category
	
of
	
the
	
Director Managing
	
Director
3. Date
	
of
	
Birth
	
&
	
Age December
	
8,
	
1974
	
/
	
50
	
Years
4. Nationality Indian
5. Qualification Bachelor’s
	degr
ee
	in
	Mechanical	Engineering
	fr
om
	BI
TS
	Pilani
	Master
’s
	degr
ee
	
in
	Manuf
acturing
	Systems
	Engine
ering
	fr
om
	Stanfor
d
	Univ
ersity
	MBA
	in
	Finance
	
fr
om
	
Wharton
	
School,
	
University
	
of
	
Pennsylvania.
6. Brief
	Pr
ofile
	and
	natur
e
	of
	exper
tise
	in
	
specific
	functional
	ar
ea
	and
	expe
rience
Mr.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji
	pr
esently
	holds
	the
	position
	of
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	of
	L
ucas-
TVS
	Limited
	and	Managing
	Dir
ector
	of
	India
	Nippon
	Electricals
	Limited.
	Prior
	to
	
joining
	L
ucas
	T
VS,
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Bala
ji
	work
ed
	in
	the
	inv
estment
	bank
ing
	division
	of
	
Bank
	of
	America
	in
	the
	General
	I
ndustrials
	gr
oup
	wher
e
	he
	focus
ed
	on
	helping
	
automotiv
e
	companies
	in
	financin
g
	and
	M&A
	transactions.
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji
	also
	
work
ed
	at
	Oracle	Corporation
	in
	their
	consulting
	division.
																												 Mr
.
	
Ar
vind
	Balaji
	is
	also
	a
	P
ast
	Pr
esident
	(2015-16)
	of
	the
	A
utomotive
	Component
	
Manufactur
ers
	 Association
	 (A
CMA)
	 and
	 led
	 the
	 T
echnology,
	 Saf
ety
	 and
	
Regulator
y
	
(TSR)
	
Committee
	
of
	
ACMA
	
(2017-18).
7. Date
	
of
	
first
	
appointment
	
to
	
the
	
Board 25-10-2008
8. Terms
	an
d
	Cond
itions
	of
	appointm
ent
	/
	
r
eappointment
	
Not
	Applicable.
	The
	terms
	and
	conditions
	of
	his
	r
e-appointment
	is
	based
	on
	
the
	terms
	appr
oved
	b
y
	shar
eholders
	thr
ough
	a
	special
	r
esolution	at
	the
	Annual
	
General
	
Meeting
	
held
	
on
	
21st	September	2022.
9. Remuneration
	 last
	 drawn
	 for
	 the
	 FY
	
2024-25
Rs.
	
384.46
	
lakhs
10. Revised
	
Remuneration
	
sought
	
to
	
be
	
paid
The
	r
emuneration
	pa
yable
	to
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji
	consists
	of
	salar
y,
	allowances,
	
per
quisites,
	r
etirement
	benefits
	etc.
	as
	per
	the
	rules
	of
	the
	Company
	and
	in
	
accor
dance
	with
	the
	Remunerat
ion
	P
olicy
	adopted
	b
y
	the
	Company
.
	Appr
oval
	
of
	th
e
	shar
eholders
	is
	r
equested
	b
y
	wa
y
	of
	an
	enabling
	r
esolution
	in
	case
	the
	
r
evised
	r
emuneration
	ex
ceeds
	the
	limits
	pr
escribed
	under
	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	
Regulation
	
17(6)(e)
	
of
	
the
	
Listing
	
Regulations.
11. No.
	
of
	
Shares
	
held Nil
12. Relationship
	
between
	
director
	
inter-se
	
Relationship
	
with
	
Directors:
	
Son
	
of
	
Mr.
	
T
	
K
	
Balaji,
	
Chairman
	
and
	
Brother
	
of
	
Ms.
	
Priyamvada
	
Balaji,
	
Non
	
–
	
Ex
ecutive
	
Director
13. No
	
of
	
Board
	
Meetings
	
attended
	
/
	
held
	
during
	
the
	
year
	
2024-25
5/5
14. Name(s)
	 of
	 oth
er
	 entities
	 in
	 which
	
holding
	
of
	
directorship
1.	 SB
	T
VS
	
Industrial
	
Ventures
	
Private
	
Limited
2.	 TVS
	
Indeon	
Limited
3.	 Lucas
	
Indian
	
Service
	
Limited
4.	 Lucas
	
TVS
	
Limited
5.	 Delphi-TVS
	
Technologies
	
Limited
6.	 Cheema
	
TVS
	
Industrial
	
Ventures
	
Private
	
Limited
7.	 Punarvasu
	
Swasthi
	
Private
	
Limited
8.	 Hastham
	
Swasthi
	
Private
	
Limited
9.	 TVS
	
Training
	
and
	
Services
	
Limited
10.	 Blue
	
Star
	
Engineering
	
&
	
Electronics
	
Limited
11.	 34PG
	
Private
	
Limited
12.	 TVS
	
Motor
	
Services
	
Limited
13.	 Schaeffler
	
India
	
Limited
15. Listed
	
entities
	
from
	
which
	
the
	
Director
	
has
	
resigned
	
in
	
the
	
past
	
three
	
years
Nil
===== PAGE 65 =====
62
India Nippon Electricals Limited
CDSL E-Voting System – For Remote E-Voting and Joining 
Virtual meetings:
1.	 The 	Ministr
y
	of
	Corporate
	Affairs
	and
	the
	Securities
	and
	
Ex
change
	Boar
d
	of
	India
	ha
ve,
	vide
	General
	Cir
cular
	no.
	
9/2024
	dated
	19th	September , 	2024 	and 	Cir cular 	No. 	
SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-P
oD-2/P/CIR/2024/133
	 dated
	 3rd 
October,
	2024,
	r
espectively,
	permitted
	companies
	to
	
conduct
	their
	Annual
	General
	Meetings
	(A
GMs)
	thr
ough
	
video
	conf
erencing
	(
VC)
	or
	Other
	A
udio
	-
	Visual
	Means
	
(O
AVM)
	up
	to
	30th	September 	2025. 	Accor dingly, 	the 	
for
thcoming
	A
GM	of
	the
	Company
	will
	be
	held
	thr
ough
	
video
	co
nferencing
	(
VC)
	or
	othe
r
	audio-visual
	means
	
(O
AVM).
2.	 Pursuant
	 to	 the
	 pr
ovisions
	 of
	 Section
	 108
	 of
	 the
	
Companies
	 Act,
	 2013
	 r
ead
	 with
	 Rule
	 20
	 of
	 the
	
Companies
	(Management
	and
	Administration)
	Rules,
	
2014
	(as
	amended)
	and
	Regulation
	44
	of
	SEBI
	(Listing
	
Obligations
	&
	Disclosur
e
	Requi
rements)
	Regulations
	
2015
	(as
	amended),
	and
	MCA
	Cir
culars
	dated
	8th	April, 	
2020,
	13th	April, 	2020 	and 	5th	Ma y, 	2020, 	the 	Company 	is 	
pr
oviding
	the
	facility
	of
	r
emote
	e-v
oting
	to
	its
	Members
	
in
	r
espect
	of
	the
	business
	to
	be
	transacted
	at
	the
	A
GM.
	
F
or
	this
	purpose,
	the
	Company
	has
	enter
ed
	into
	an
	
agr
eement
	 with	 Central
	 Depos
itory
	 Ser
vices
	 (India)
	
Limited
	(
CDSL)
	for
	facilitating
	v
oting
	thr
ough
	electr
onic
	
means,
	as
	the
	au
thorised
	e-v
oting
	agency
.
	The
	facility
	
of
	casting
	v
otes
	b
y
	a
	member
	using
	r
emote
	e-v
oting,
	as
	
well
	as
	th
e
	e-v
oting
	system
	on
	th
e
	date
	of
	the
	A
GM,
	will
	
be
	
provided
	
by
	
CDSL.
3.	 The 	 Membe
rs
	 can
	 join
	 th
e
	 A
GM
	 in
	 the
	 V
C/OAVM
	
mode
	15
	minutes
	befor
e
	and
	after
	the
	scheduled
	time
	
of
	the
	commen
cement
	of
	the
	Meeting
	b
y
	following
	
the
	pr
ocedure
	mentioned
	in
	the
	Notice.
	The
	facility
	
of
	 par
ticipation
	 at
	 the
	 A
GM
	 th
rough
	 V
C/OAVM
	 will
	
be	made 	a vailable 	to 	at 	least 	1000 	members 	on 	first 	
come
	first
	ser
ved
	basis.
	This
	will
	not
	include
	lar
ge
	
Shar
eholders
	 (S
hareholders
	 ho
lding
	 2%
	 or
	 mor
e
	
shar
eholding),
	 Pr
omoters,
	 Ins
titutional
	 Inv
estors,
	
Dir
ectors,
	K
ey
	Managerial
	P
ersonnel,
	the
	Chairpersons
	
of
	the
	A
udit
	Committee,
	Nominat
ion
	and
	Remuneration
	
Committee
	and
	Stak
eholders
	Relationship
	Committee,
	
A
uditors
	 etc.
	 who
	 ar
e
	 allowed
	 to
	 attend
	 the
	 A
GM
	
without
	r
estriction
	on
	account
	of
	first
	come
	first
	ser
ved
	
basis.
4.	
The	attend
ance
	of
	the
	Members
	attending
	the
	A
GM
	
thr
ough
	 V
C/OAVM
	 will
	 be
	 coun
ted
	 for
	 the
	 purpose
	
of
	ascer
taining
	the
	quorum
	under
	Section
	103
	of
	the
	
Companies
	
Act,
	
2013.
5.	 Pursuant
	to	MCA
	Cir
cular
	No.
	14/2020
	dated
	8th	April, 	
2020,
	the
	facility
	to
	appoint
	pr
oxy
	to
	attend
	and
	cast
	
v
ote
	for
	the
	members
	is
	not
	a
vailable
	for
	this
	A
GM.
	
Howe
ver,
	 in
	 pursuance
	 of
	 Section
	 112
	 and
	 Section
	
113
	of
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	2013,
	r
epresentatives
	of
	
the
	members
	such
	as
	the
	Pr
esident
	of
	India
	or
	the
	
Go
vernor
	of
	a
	St
ate
	or
	body
	corporate
	can
	attend
	the
	
A
GM
	thr
ough
	V
C/OAVM
	and
	cast
	their
	v
otes
	thr
ough
	
e-v
oting.
6.	 In
	line
	with	the
	Ministr
y
	of
	Corporate
	Affairs
	(MCA)
	
Cir
cular
	No.
	17/2020
	dated
	13th	April, 	2020, 	the 	Notice 	
calling
	the
	A
GM
	has
	been
	upload
ed
	on
	the
	website
	of
	
the
	 Company
	 at
	 https://indian
ippon.com/investor/.
	
The
	Notice
	can
	also
	be
	accesse
d
	fr
om
	the
	websites
	
of
	th
e
	S
tock
	Ex
changes
	i.e.
	BSE	Limited
	and
	National
	
Stock
	Ex
change
	of
	India
	Limited
	at
	www
.bseindia.com
	
and www
.nseindia.com	r
espectively.
	The
	A
GM
	Notice
	
is
	also
	disseminated
	on
	the
	web
site
	of
	CDSL
	(agency
	
for
	pr
oviding
	the	Remote
	e-V
oting
	facility
	and
	e-v
oting
	
system
	
during
	
the
	
AGM)
	
i.e.
	www
.evotingindia.com.
S 
No.
Category Particulars
16. Chairpersonship/Membership
	
in
	
committees
	
of
	
other
	
Entities
Schaeffler
	
India
	
Limited:
	
Corporate
	
Social
	
Responsibility
	
Committee
	
-
	
Chairperson
	
A
udit
	
Committee
	
-
	
Member
	
Nomination
	
and
	
Remuneration
	
Committee
	
-
	
Member
	
L
ucas
	
TVS
	
Limited:
Audit
	
Committee
	
-
	
Member
CSR
	
Committee
	
-
	
Member
Delphi
	
-
	
TVS
	
Technologies
	
Limited:
Audit
	
Committee
	
-
	
Member
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
===== PAGE 66 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
63
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
INSTRUCTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING AND 
JOINING VIRTUAL MEETINGS ARE AS UNDER:
(i)	 The 	v
oting
	period	begins
	on
	T
uesday,
	16th September, 
2025 at 9.00 A.M. and ends on Thursday, 18 th 
September, 2025 at 05.00 P .M. (IST).
	During
	this
	period,
	
the
	shar
eholders
	of
	the
	Company	holding
	shar
es
	either
	
in
	physical
	form
	or
	in
	demateria
lized
	form,
	as
	on
	the
	
cut-off
	date
	i.e.,
	F
riday, 12th September, 2025, 	ma y 	cast 	
their
	v
ote
	electr
onically.
	The
	e-v
oting
	module
	shall
	be
	
disabled
	
by
	
CDSL
	
for
	
voting
	
thereafter.
(ii)	 Shareholders
	 who
	 ha
ve
	 alr
eady
	 v
oted
	 prior
	 to
	 the
	
meeting
	 date
	 would
	 not
	 be
	 en
titled
	 to
	 v
ote
	 at
	 the
	
meeting
	
venue.
(iii)	 Pursuant
	 to
	 SEBI
	 Cir
cular	 No
.
	 SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/
CIR/P/2020/242
	 dated
	 9th	 December , 	 2020 	 and 	 the 	
pr
ovisions
	 contained
	 in
	 Regulation
	 44
	 of
	 Securities
	
and
	Ex
change
	Boar
d
	of
	India
	(Li
sting
	Obligations
	and
	
Disclosur
e
	 Requir
ements)
	 Regulations,
	 2015,
	 listed
	
entities
	ar
e
	r
equired
	to
	pr
ovide
	r
emote
	e-v
oting
	facility
	
to
	 its
	 shar
eholders.
	 Howe
ver,
	 it
	 has
	 been
	 obser
ved
	
that
	the	par
ticipation
	b
y
	the
	public
	non-institutional
	
shar
eholders/retail
	shar
eholders	
is
	
at
	
a
	
negligible
	
level.
	
Curr
ently,
	ther
e
	ar
e
	multiple
	e-v
oting
	ser
vice
	pr
oviders
	
(ESPs)
	pr
oviding
	e-v
oting
	facilit
y
	to
	listed
	entities
	in
	
India.
	Th
is
	nece
ssitates
	r
egistration
	on
	v
arious
	ESPs
	
and
	maintenanc
e
	of
	multiple
	user
	IDs
	and
	passwor
ds
	
b
y
	
the
	
shareholders.
	 In
	 or
der
	 to	 incr
ease
	 the
	 efficiency
	 of
	 the
	 v
oting
	
pr
ocess,
	it
	has
	been
	decided
	to
	enable
	e-v
oting
	to
	all 
the demat 
account holders, by way of a single login 
credential, through their demat accounts/ websites 
of Depositories/ Depository Participants. 	 Demat
	
account
	 holders	 would
	 be
	 able
	 to
	 cast
	 their
	 v
ote
	
without
	ha
ving
	to
	r
egister
	again
	with
	the
	ESPs,
	ther
eby,
	
not
	only
	facilitat
ing
	seamless
	au
thentication
	but
	also
	
enhancing
	ease
	and
	conv
enience
	of
	par
ticipating
	in
	
e-v
oting
	
process.
Step 1:
	Access
	thr
ough
	Deposit
ories
	CDSL/NSDL
	e-v
oting
	
system
	in
	case
	of
	individual
	shar
eholders
	holding
	shar
es
	in
	
demat 	 mode.
(iv)	 In
	 terms
	 of
	 SEBI
	 Cir
cular
	 No
.
	 SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/
CIR/P/2020/242
	 dated
	 9th	 December , 	 2020, 	 on 	
e-V
oting
	 facility
	 being
	 pr
ovided
	 b
y
	 Listed
	 entities,
	
Individual
	 shar
eholders
	 holding	 securities
	 in
	 demat
	
mode
	 ar
e
	 allowed
	 to
	 v
ote
	 thr
ough
	 their
	 demat
	
account
	maintai
ned
	with
	Depositories
	and
	Depositor
y
	
P
articipants.
	Shar
eholders
	ar
e
	advised
	to
	update
	their
	
mobile
	number
	and
	Email
	Id
	in
	th
eir
	Demat
	accounts
	in
	
or
der
	
to
	
access
	
e-Voting
	
facility.
===== PAGE 67 =====
64
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
Pursuant to the said SEBI Circular, Login method for e-voting and joining the AGM through VC/ OAVM for individual 
shareholders holding shares in Demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual
	
Shar
eholders
	
holding
	
securities
	
in
	
Demat
	
mode
	
with
	
CDSL
1)					Users 	who 	ha ve 	opted 	for 	CDSL 	Easi 	/ 	Easiest 	facility , 	can 	login 	thr ough 	their 	existing 	user 	id 	
and
	passwor
d.
	Option
	will
	be
	made
	a
vailable
	to
	r
each
	the
	e-V
oting
	page
	without
	any
	fur
ther
	
authentication.
	The
	users
	to
	login
	to
	Easi
	/
	Easiest
	ar
e
	r
equested
	to
	visit
	CDSL
’s
	website
	www
.
cdslindia.com
	
and
	
click
	
on
	
login
	
icon
	
&
	
New
	
System
	
Myeasi
	
Tab.
2)
						After
	successful
	login
	the
	Easi
	/
	Easiest
	user
	will
	be
	able
	to
	see
	the
	e-V
oting
	option
	for
	eligible
	
companies
	wher
e
	the
	e-v
oting
	is
	in
	pr
ogress
	as
	per
	the
	information
	pr
ovided
	b
y
	company
.
	On
	
clicking
	the
	e-v
oting
	option,
	the
	user
	will
	be
	able
	to
	see
	e-V
oting
	page
	of
	the
	e-V
oting
	ser
vice
	
pr
ovider
	for
	cast
ing
	y
our
	v
ote
	du
ring
	the
	r
emote
	e-V
oting
	period	or
	joining
	vir
tual
	meeting
	&
	
v
oting
	during
	the	meeting.
	Additi
onally,
	ther
e
	ar
e
	also
	links
	pr
ovided
	to
	access
	the
	system
	of
	
all
	e-V
oting
	Ser
vice
	Pr
oviders,
	so
	that
	the
	user
	can
	visit
	the
	e-V
oting
	ser
vice
	pr
oviders’
	website
	
dir
ectly.
3)
						If
	th
e
	user
	is
	not
	r
egistered
	for
	Easi/Easiest,
	option
	to
	r
egister
	is
	a
vailable
	at
	CDSL
’s
	website
	
www
.cdslindia.com
	and
	click
	on
	login
	&
	New
	System
	My
easi
	T
ab
	and
	then
	click
	on
	r
egistration
	
option.
4)
						Alternativ
ely,
	the
	user
	can
	dir
ectly
	access
	e-V
oting
	page
	b
y
	pr
oviding
	Demat
	Account
	Number
	
and
	P
AN
	No.
	fr
om
	a
	e-V
oting
	link
	a
vailable
	on
		www
.cdslindia.com	home
	page.
	The
	system
	will
	
authenticate
	the
	user
	b
y
	sending	O
TP
	on
	r
egistered
	Mobile
	Number
	&
	Email
	Id
	as
	r
ecorded
	in
	
the
	Demat
	Accou
nt.
	After
	succes
sful
	authentication,
	user
	will
	be
	able
	to
	see
	the
	e-V
oting
	option
	
wher
e
	th
e
	e-v
oting
	is
	in
	pr
ogress
	and
	also
	able
	to
	dir
ectly
	access
	the
	system
	of
	all
	e-V
oting
	
Ser
vice
	
Providers.
Individual
	
Shar
eholders
	
holding
	
securities
	
in
	
demat
	
mode
	
with
	
NSDL
1)				If 	 you 	 are 	 already 	 registered 	 for 	 NSDL 	 IDeAS 	 facility, 	 please 	 visit 	 the 	 e-Services 	 website 	 of 	
NSDL.
	
Open
	
web
	
browser
	
by
	
typing
	
the
	
following
	
URL:
	https://eser
vices.nsdl.com either on a 
Personal
	
Computer
	
or
	
on
	
a
	
mobile.
	
Once
	
the
	
home
	
page
	
of
	
e-Services
	
is
	
launched,
	
click
	
on
	
the
	
“Beneficial
	
Owner”
	
icon
	
under
	
“Login”
	
which
	
is
	
available
	
under
	
‘IDeAS’
	
section.
	
A
	
new
	
screen
	
will
	
open.
	
You
	
will
	
have
	
to
	
enter
	
your
	
User
	
ID
	
and
	
Password.
	
After
	
successful
	
authentication,
	
y
ou
	
will
	
be
	
able
	
to
	
see
	
e-Voting
	
services.
	
Click
	
on
	
“Access
	
to
	
e-Voting”
	
under
	
e-Voting
	
services
	
and
	
you
	
will
	
be
	
able
	
to
	
see
	
e-Voting
	
page.
	
Click
	
on
	
company
	
name
	
or
	
e-Voting
	
service
	
provider
	
name
	
and
	
you
	
will
	
be
	
re-directed
	
to
	
e-Voting
	
service
	
provider
	
website
	
for
	
casting
	
your
	
vote
	
during
	
the
	
remote
	
e-Voting
	
period
	
or
	
joining
	
virtual
	
meeting
	
&
	
voting
	
during
	
the
	
meeting.
2)
				If
	the
	user
	is
	not
	r
egistered
	for
	IDeAS
	e-Ser
vices,
	option
	to
	r
egister
	is
	a
vailable
	at
	https://
eser
vices.nsdl.com.
	Select
	“Register
	Online
	for
	IDeAS
	“P
ortal
	or
	click
	at
	https://eser
vices.nsdl.
com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3)
				Visit
	the
	e-V
oting
	website
	of
	NSDL.
	Open
	web
	br
owser
	b
y
	typing
	the
	following
	URL:
	https://
www
.evoting.nsdl.com/
	either
	on	a
	P
ersonal
	Computer
	or
	on
	a
	mobile.
	Once
	the
	home
	page
	of
	
e-V
oting
	system
	is
	launched,
	clic
k
	on
	the
	icon
	“Login
”
	which
	is
	a
vailable
	under
	‘Shar
eholder/
Member’
	section.
	A
	new
	scr
een
	will
	open.
	Y
ou
	will
	ha
ve
	to
	enter
	y
our
	User
	ID
	(i.e.
	y
our
	sixteen
	
digit
	demat
	account
	number
	held
	with
	NSDL),
	P
assword/OTP
	and
	a
	V
erification
	Code
	as
	shown
	
on
	th
e
	scr
een.
	After
	successful
	authentication,
	y
ou
	will
	be
	r
edirected
	to
	NSDL
	Depositor
y
	site
	
wher
ein
	y
ou
	can	see
	e-V
oting
	page.
	Click
	on
	company
	name
	or
	e-V
oting
	ser
vice
	pr
ovider
	name
	
and
	y
ou
	will
	be
	r
edirected
	to
	e-V
oting
	ser
vice
	pr
ovider
	website
	for
	casting
	y
our
	v
ote
	during
	the
	
r
emote
	
e-Voting
	
period
	
or
	
joining
	
virtual
	
meeting
	
&
	
voting
	
during
	
the
	
meeting.
4)
				F
or
	 O
TP
	 based
	 login
	 y
ou
	 can
	 click
	 on
	 https://eser
vices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
evotinglogin.jsp.
	Y
ou
	will
	ha
ve
	to	enter
	y
our
	8-digit
	DP
	ID
,8-digit
	Client
	Id,
	P
AN
	No.,
	V
erification
	
code
	and	genera
te
	O
TP.
	Enter
	the
	O
TP
	r
eceived
	on
	r
egistered
	email
	id/mobile
	number
	and
	click
	
on
	login.	After
	successful
	authent
ication,
	y
ou
	will
	be
	r
edirected
	to
	NSDL
	Depositor
y
	site
	wher
ein
	
y
ou
	can
	see
	e-v
oting
	page.
	Click
	on
	company
	name
	or
	e-v
oting
	ser
vice
	pr
ovider
	name
	and
	y
ou
	
will
	be
	r
e-directed
	to
	e-v
oting
	ser
vice
	pr
ovider
	website
	for
	casting
	y
our
	v
ote
	during
	the
	r
emote
	
e-v
oting
	
period
	
or
	
joining
	
virtual
	
meeting
	
&
	
voting
	
during
	
the
	
meeting.
===== PAGE 68 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
65
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve 
User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User 
ID and Forget Password option available at above 
mentioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and 
NSDL
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual
	
Shar
eholders
	
holding
	
securities in 
Demat
	
mode
	
with
	CDSL
Members	facing	any	technical	issue	
in
	
login
	
can
	
contact
	
CDSL
	
helpdesk
	
b
y
	
sending
	
a
	
request
	
at
	helpdesk.
e
voting@cdslindia.com or contact at 
toll
	
free
	
no.:
	
1800
	
21
	
09911
	
Individual
	
Shar
eholders
	
holding
	
securities in 
Demat
	
mode
	
with
	NSDL
Members
	
facing
	
any
	
technical
	
issue
	
in
	
login
	
can
	
contact
	
NSDL
	
helpdesk
	
b
y
	
sending
	
a
	
request
	
at
	
evoting@nsdl.
com
	
or
	
call
	
at
	
:
	
022
	
-
	
4886
	
7000
	
and
	
022
	
-
	
2499
	
7000
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-voting system in case of 
shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-
individual shareholders in demat mode.
(v)	 Login method for Remote e-Voting for Physical 
shareholders and shareholders other than individual 
holding in Demat form.
	 1)	 The
	shar
eholders
	should
	log
	on
	to
	the
	e-v
oting
	
website
	www
.evotingindia.com.
	 2)	 Click
	
on
	
“Shareholders”
	
module.
	 3)	 Now
	
enter
	
your
	
User
	
ID	
	
	 a.	 For
	
CDSL:
	
16
	
digits
	
beneficiary
	
ID,
	
	
	 b.	 For
	NSDL:
	8
	Character
	DP
	ID
	followed
	b
y
	8
	
Digits
	
Client
	
ID,
	
	
	 c.	 Shareholders
	 holding
	 shar
es
	 in
	 Physical
	
F
orm
	should
	enter
	F
olio
	Number
	r
egistered
	
with
	
the
	
Company.
	 4)	 Next 	enter 	the 	Image 	V erification 	as 	displa yed 	and 	
Click
	
on
	
Login.
	 5)	 If
	y
ou
	ar
e
	holding
	shar
es
	in
	demat
	form
	and
	had
	
logged
	 on
	 to
	 www
.evotingindia.com and voted 
on
	an
	ea
rlier
	e-v
oting
	of
	any
	company
,
	then
	y
our
	
existing
	
password
	
is
	
to
	
be
	
used.
	
	
6)	 If
	y
ou
	ar
e
	a
	first-time
	user
	follow
	the
	steps
	giv
en
	
below
:
For Physical shareholders and other than 
individual shareholders holding shares in 
Demat
PAN Enter
	y
our
	‘10’
	digit
	alpha-numeric
	
P
AN
	 issued
	 b
y
	 Income
	 T
ax
	
Depar
tment
	 (Applicable
	 for
	 both
	
demat
	 shar
eholders
	 as
	 well
	 as
	
physical
	
shareholders)
Shareholders
	 who
	 ha
ve
	 not
	
updated
	 their
	 P
AN
	 with
	 the
	
Company/Depositor
y
	 P
articipant
	
ar
e
	r
equested
	to	use
	the
	sequence
	
number
	sent
	b
y
	Company/R
TA
	or
	
contact
	
Company/RTA.
Dividend
	
Bank
	
Details
	OR
 
Date
	
of
	
Bir
th
	
(DOB)
Enter
	 the
	 Dividend
	 Bank
	 Details
	
or
	 Date
	 of
	 Bir
th
	 (in
	 dd/mm/yyyy
	
format)
	as
	r
ecorded
	in
	y
our
	demat
	
account
	or
	in
	th
e
	company
	r
ecords
	
in
	
order
	
to
	
login.
If
	both
	the
	details
	ar
e
	not
	r
ecorded
	
with
	 the
	 depositor
y
	 or
	 company
,
	
please
	enter
	the
	member
	id
	/
	folio
	
number
	in
	the
	Dividend
	Bank
	details
	
field.
(vi)	
After
	 entering
	 these
	 deta
ils
	 appr
opriately,
	 click
	 on
	
“
SUBMIT”
	
tab.
(vii)	 Shareholders
	holding
	shar
es
	in
	physical
	form
	will
	then
	
dir
ectly
	r
each
	the	Company
	selec
tion
	scr
een.
	Howe
ver,
	
shar
eholders
	holding
	shar
es
	in
	demat
	form
	will
	now
	
r
each
	 ‘P
assword
	 Cr
eation’
	 menu
	 wher
ein
	 the
y
	 ar
e
	
r
equired
	to
	man
datorily
	enter
	th
eir
	login
	passwor
d
	in
	
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual
	
Shar
eholders
	
(holding
	
securities
	
in
	
demat
	
mode)
	
login
	
through
	
their 
Depository 
Participants (DP)
You
	can
	also
	log
in
	using
	the
	log
in
	cr
edentials
	of
	y
our
	demat
	account
	thr
ough
	y
our
	Depositor
y
	
P
articipant
	r
egistered
	with
	NSDL/CDSL
	for
	e-V
oting
	facility
.
		 Af
ter
	Successful
	login,
	y
ou
	will
	be
	
able
	to
	see
	e-V
oting
	option.
	Once
	y
ou
	click
	on
	e-V
oting
	option,
	y
ou
	will
	be
	r
edirected
	to
	NSDL/
CDSL
	Depositor
y
	site
	after
	successful
	authentication,
	wher
ein
	y
ou
	can
	see
	e-V
oting
	f
eature.
	Click
	
on
	company
	name
	or
	e-V
oting
	ser
vice
	pr
ovider
	name
	and
	y
ou
	will
	be
	r
edirected
	to
	e-V
oting
	ser
vice
	
pr
ovider
	website
	for
	casting
	y
our
	v
ote
	during
	the
	r
emote
	e-V
oting
	period
	or
	joining
	vir
tual
	meeting
	
&
	
voting
	
during
	
the
	
meeting.
===== PAGE 69 =====
66
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
the	new 	passwor d 	field. 	Kindly 	no te 	that 	this 	passwor d 	
is
	to
	be
	also
	used
	b
y
	the
	demat
	holders
	for
	v
oting
	for
	
r
esolutions
	of
	any
	other
	company
	on
	which
	the
y
	ar
e
	
eligible
	to
	v
ote,
	pr
ovided
	that
	com
pany
	opts
	for
	e-v
oting
	
thr
ough
	CDSL
	platform.
	It
	is
	str
ongly
	r
ecommended
	
not
	to
	shar
e
	y
our
	passwor
d
	with	any
	other
	person
	and
	
tak
e
	
utmost
	
care
	
to
	
keep
	
your
	
password
	
confidential.
(viii)	For
	shar
eholders
	holding
	shar
es
	in
	physical
	form,
	the
	
details
	can
	be
	used
	only
	for
	e-v
oting
	on
	the
	r
esolutions
	
contained
	
in
	
this
	
Notice.
(ix)	 Click
	on
	the	EVSN
	of
	“India
	Nippon
	Electricals
	Limited”
	
to
	
vote.
(x)	 On
	 the
	 v
oting
	 page,
	 y
ou
	 will
	 see
	 “RESOL
UTION
	
DESCRIPTION”
	 and
	 against
	 the
	 same
	 the
	 option
	
“YES/NO”
	for
	v
oting.
	Select
	the
	option
	YES
	or
	NO
	as
	
desir
ed.
	The
	option
	YES
	implies
	that
	y
ou
	assent
	to
	the
	
Resolution
	and
	option
	NO
	implies
	that
	y
ou
	dissent
	to
	
the
	
Resolution.
(xi)	 Click
	on
	the	“RESOL
UTIONS	FILE
	LINK”
	if
	y
ou
	wish
	to
	
view
	
the
	
entire
	
Resolution
	
details.
(xii)	 After
	 selec
ting
	 the
	 r
esolution,
	 y
ou
	 ha
ve
	 decided
	 to
	
v
ote
	on,
	click
	on	“SUBMI
T”.
	A
	co
nfirmation
	bo
x
	will
	be
	
displa
yed.
	If
	y
ou
	wish
	to
	confirm
	y
our
	v
ote,
	click
	on
	
“OK”,
	else
	to
	cha
nge
	y
our
	v
ote,
	click
	on
	“CANCEL
”
	and
	
accor
dingly
	
modify
	
your
	
vote.
(xiii)	Once
	y
ou
	“C
ONFIRM”
	y
our
	v
ote
	on
	the
	r
esolution,
	y
ou
	
will
	
not
	
be
	
allowed
	
to
	
modify
	
your
	
vote.
(xiv)	You	can
	also
	tak
e
	a
	print
	of
	the
	v
otes
	cast
	b
y
	clicking
	on
	
“Click
	
here
	
to
	
print”
	
option
	
on
	
the
	
Voting
	
page.
(xv)	 If
	 a
	 demat	 account
	 holde
r
	 has
	 for
gotten
	 the
	 login
	
passwor
d
	 then
	 Enter
	 the
	 User
	 ID
	 and
	 the
	 image
	
v
erification
	code	and
	click
	on
	F
orgot
	P
assword
	&
	enter
	
the
	
details
	
as
	
prompted
	
by
	
the
	
system.
(xvi)	There
	 is
	 also
	 an
	 optional	 pr
ovision
	 to
	 upload
	 BR/
PO
A,
	if
	any
	uplo
aded,
	which
	will
	be
	made
	a
vailable
	to
	
scrutiniz
er
	
for
	
verification.
(xvii)	Additional
	F
acility
	for
	Non
	–
	Individual
	Shar
eholders
	
and
	
Custodians
	
–For
	
Remote
	
Voting
	
only.
	 •	 Non-Individual
	 shar
eholders
	 (i.e.
	 other
	 than
	
Individuals,
	 HUF
,
	 NRI
	 etc.)
	 and	 Custodians
	 ar
e
	
r
equired
	to
	log
	on
	to
	www
.evotingindia.com and 
register
	
themselves
	
in
	
the
	
“Corporates”
	
module.
	 •	 A 	scan ned 	cop y 	of 	the	Registration 	F orm 	bearing 	
the
	stamp
	and
	sign
	of
	the
	entity
	should
	be
	emailed
	
to 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.
	 •	 After
	 r
eceiving
	 the
	 login
	 details
	 a
	 Compliance
	
User
	should
	be
	cr
eated
	using
	the
	admin
	login
	and
	
passwor
d.
	The
	Compliance
	User
	would
	be
	able
	to
	
link
	
the
	
account(s)
	
for
	
which
	
they
	
wish
	
to
	
vote
	
on.
	 •	 The
	list
	of
	accounts
	link
ed
	in
	the
	login
	will
	be
	
mapped
	automatically
	&
	can
	be
	delink
ed
	in
	case
	
of
	
any
	
wrong
	
mapping.
	 •	 It
	is
	mandator
y
	that,
	a
	scanned
	cop
y
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	
Resolution
	and
	P
ower
	of
	A
ttorney
	(PO
A)
	which
	
the
y
	ha
ve
	issued	in
	fa
vour
	of
	the
	Custodian,
	if
	any
,
	
should
	be
	uploaded
	in
	PDF
	format
	in
	the
	system
	
for
	
the
	
scrutinizer
	
to
	
verify
	
the
	
same.
	 •	 Alternatively
	 Non
	 Ind
ividual
	 shar
eholders
	 ar
e
	
r
equired
	 to
	 send
	 mandatoril
y
	 the
	 r
elevant
	
Boar
d
	Resolution/
	A
uthority
	letter
	etc.
	together
	
with
	 att
ested
	 specimen
	 signatur
e
	 of
	 the
	 duly
	
authoriz
ed
	signator
y
	who
	is
	au
thorized
	to
	v
ote,
	
to
	 th
e
	 S
crutinizer
	 and
	 to
	 the
	 Company
	 at
	 the
	
email
	ad
dress
	viz;
	inv
estors@inel.co.in.
	and/
	or
	
prabhakar@bpcorpadvisors.com,
	 if
	 the
y
	 ha
ve
	
v
oted
	fr
om
	individual
	tab
	&
	not
	uploaded
	same
	in
	
the
	CDSL
	e-v
oting
	system
	for
	the
	scrutiniz
er
	to
	
v
erify
	
the
	
same.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING THE 
AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING MEETING 
ARE AS UNDER:
1.	 The
	pr
ocedure
	for
	attending	meeting
	&
	e-V
oting
	on
	the
	
da
y
	of
	the
	A
GM
	is
	same
	as
	the
	instructions
	mentioned
	
abo
ve
	
for
	
e-voting.
2.	 The 	link
	for
	V
C/OAVM
	to
	att
end
	meeting
	will
	be
	a
vailable
	
wher
e
	the
	EVSN
	of
	Company
	will
	be
	displa
yed
	after
	
successful
	 login
	 as
	 per
	 the
	 instructions
	 mentioned
	
abo
ve
	
for
	
e-voting.
3.	 Shareholders
	who
	ha
ve
	v
oted
	thr
ough
	Remote
	e-V
oting
	
will
	be
	eligible
	to	attend
	the
	meet
ing.
	Howe
ver,
	the
y
	will
	
not
	
be
	
eligible
	
to
	
vote
	
at
	
the
	
40th	AGM.
4.	
Shareholders
	 ar
e
	 encourage
d
	 to
	 join
	 the
	 Meeting
	
thr
ough
	
Laptops
	
/
	
IPads
	
for
	
better
	
experience.
5.	 Further
	sha
reholders
	will
	be	r
equired
	to
	allow
	Camera
	
and
	 use
	 Internet
	 with
	 a
	 good
	 speed
	 to
	 a
void
	 any
	
disturbance
	
during
	
the
	
meeting.
===== PAGE 70 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
67
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice to Shareholders (Contd.)
6.	 Please 	note 	that 	P articipants 	Connecting 	fr om 	Mobile 	
De
vices
	or
	T
ablets
	or
	thr
ough
	Laptop
	connecting
	via
	
Mobile
	Hotspot
	ma
y
	experience
	A
udio/Video
	loss
	due
	
to
	Fluctuation
	in
	their
	r
espective
	network.
	It
	is
	ther
efore
	
r
ecommended
	to
	use
	Stable
	Wi-Fi
	or
	L
AN
	Connection
	
to
	
mitigate
	
any
	
kind
	
of
	
aforesaid
	
glitches.
7.	 Shareholders
	who
	would
	lik
e
		to
		expr
ess
	their
		views/
		
ask
	 que
stions
	 during
	 the
	 meeting
	 ma
y
	 r
egister
	
themselv
es
	as
	a
	speak
er
	b
y
	send
ing
	in
	their
	r
equest
	b
y
	
email
	 to
	 inv
estors@inel.co.in/
	 inv
estor@cameoindia.
com
	on
	or
	befor
e
	12th	September 	2025 	mentioning 	their 	
name,
	demat
	ac
count
	number/
	folio
	number
,
	email
	id,
	
mobile
	number
.
	The
	queries
	ma
y
	be
	raised
	pr
ecisely
	
and
	in
	brief
	to
	enable
	the
	Company
	to
	answer
	the
	same
	
suitably
	depend
ing
	on
	the
	a
vailability
	of
	time
	at
	the
	
meeting.
	Membe
rs
	who
	do
	not
	wish
	to
	speak
	during
	
the
	A
GM
	but
	ha
ve
	queries
	ma
y
	send
	in
	their
	queries
	on
	
or
	be
fore
	12th	September , 	2025 	mentioning 	their 	name, 	
demat
	account
	number/folio
	number
,
	email
	id,
	mobile
	
number
	at
	inv
estors@inel.co.in/
	inv
estor@cameoindia.
com.
	Th
ese
	que
ries
	will
	be
	r
eplied
	to
		b
y
	the
	company
	
suitably
	b
y
	email.
	The
	Company
	r
eserves
	the
	right
	to
	
r
estrict
	 the
	 num
ber
	 of
	 speak
ers
	 depending
	 on
	 the
	
a
vailability
	
of
	
time
	
for
	
the
	
AGM.
8.	 Those
	Shar
eholders
	who
	ha
ve
	r
egistered
	themselv
es
	
as
	a
	speak
er
	will
	only
	be
	allowed
	to
	expr
ess
	their
	views/
	
ask
	
questions
	
during
	
the
	
meeting.
9.	 Only
	those
	shar
eholders,
	who
	ar
e
	pr
esent
	in
	the
	A
GM	
thr
ough
	V
C/OAVM
	facility
	and
	ha
ve
	not
	cast
	their
	v
ote	
on
	the
	Resolutions
	thr
ough
	r
emote
	e-V
oting
	and
	ar
e	
other
wise
	not
	barr
ed
	fr
om
	doing
	so,
	shall
	be
	eligible
	to	
v
ote
	
through
	
e-Voting
	
system
	
available
	
during
	
the
	
AGM.
10.	 If
	any
	V
otes	ar
e
	cast
	b
y
	the
	shar
eholders
	thr
ough
	the
	
e-v
oting
	a
vailable
	during
	the
	A
GM
	and
	if
	the
	same
	
shar
eholders
	 ha
ve
	 not
	 par
ticipated
	 in
	 the
	 meeting
	
through	V C/OAVM 	facility , 	then 	the 	v otes 	cast 	b y 	such 	
shar
eholders
	ma
y
	be
	consider
ed
	inv
alid
	as
	the
	facility
	
of
	e-v
oting
	during
	the
	meeting
	is
	a
vailable
	only
	to
	the
	
shar
eholders
	
attending
	
the
	
meeting.
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/
MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANY/
DEPOSITORIES.
1.
	
	 For
	Physica
l
	shar
eholders-	please
	pr
ovide
	necessar
y
	
details
	lik
e
	F
olio
	No.,
	Name
	of
	shar
eholder,
	scanned
	
cop
y
	 of
	 the
	 sha
re
	 cer
tificate
	 (fr
ont
	 and
	 back),
	 P
AN
	
(self-attested
	scanned
	cop
y
	of
	P
AN
	car
d),
	AADH
AAR
	
(self-attested
	scanned
	cop
y
	of
	Aadhaar
	Car
d)
	b
y
	email
	
to inv
estors@inel.co.in/	R
TA
	at
	inv
estor@cameoindia.
com.
2.	 For
	Demat
	shar
eholders
	-
	Please
	update
	y
our
	email
	id
	&
	
mobile
	no.
	with
	y
our
	r
espective
	Depositor
y
	P
articipant
	
(DP).
3.
	
	 For
	Individu
al
	Demat
	shar
eholders
	–
	Please
	update
	y
our
	
email
	id
	&
	mobile
	no.
	with
	y
our
	r
espective
	Depositor
y
	
P
articipant
	(DP)
	which
	is
	manda
tory
	while
	e-V
oting
	&
	
joining
	
virtual
	
meetings
	
through
	
Depository.
	 If
	y
ou
	ha
ve
	any
	queries
	or
	issues
	r
egarding
	attending
	
A
GM
	&
	e-V
oting
	fr
om
	the
	CDSL
	e-V
oting
	System,
	y
ou
	
can
	write
	an
	ema
il
	to
	helpdesk.e
voting@cdslindia.com 
or
	
contact
	
at
	
toll
	
free
	
no.
	
1800
	
21
	
09911.
	 All
	grie
vances
	connected
	with
	the
	facility
	for
	v
oting	
b
y
	electr
onic
	means
	ma
y
	be
	addr
essed
	to
	Mr
.
	Ra
kesh	
Dalvi,
	S
r.
	Manager
,
	(
CDSL)
	Central
	Depositor
y
	S
ervices	
(
India)
	Limited,
	A
	Wing,
	25th	Floor , 	Marathon 	F uturex,	
Mafatlal
	 Mill
	 Compounds,
	 N
	 M
	 Joshi
	 Mar
g,
	 Lower	
P
arel
	(
East),
	Mumbai
	-
	400013
	or
	send
	an
	email
	to	
helpdesk.e
voting@cdslindia.com
	or
	call
		 toll
	fr
ee
	no.	
1800
	
210
	
99
	
11.
===== PAGE 71 =====
68
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Boards’ Report
Dear Members,
The
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	ar
e
	please
d
	to
	pr
esent
	the
	40th	Annual 	Repo rt 	of 	India 	Nippon 	Electricals 	Limited 	(“the 	Company ”) 	along 	
with
	
the
	
audited
	
financial
	
statements
	
(Standalone
	
and
	
Consolidated)
	
for
	
the
	
financial
	
year
	
ended
	
31st	March,	2025.
1.
 FIN
ANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
(` 	 In 	 Lakhs)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
Year ended 
31st March, 
2025
Year ended 
31st March, 
2024
Year ended 
31st March, 
2025
Year ended 
31st March, 
2024
Total
	
Income 87,462 74,887 87,494 74,895
Profit
	
before
	
depreciation,
	
exceptional
	
items
	
and
	
taxes 12,324 9,087 12,349 9,087
Less:
	
Depreciation 2,056 1,509 2,056 1,509
Profit
	
before
	
tax
	
and
	
exceptional
	
items 10,268 7,578 10,293 7,578
Exceptional
	
items - - - -
Profit
	
before
	
tax 10,268 7,578 10,293 7,578
Tax 2,065 1,648 2,065 1,648
Profit
	
after
	
tax 8,203 5,930 8,228 5,930
Add:
	
Balance
	
in
	
statement
	
of
	
profit
	
and
	
loss
	
including
	
general
	
r
eserve
49,648 46,037 49,648 46,037
Total
	
Comprehensive
	
income
	
available
	
for
	
Appropriation 57,851 51,966 57,876 51,966
Appropriations: 
Dividend
	
and
	
Dividend
	
Distribution
	
tax 2,828 2,318 2,828 2,318
Surplus
	
carried
	
forward 55,023 49,648 55,048 49,648
2.
 FIN
ANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
	 	Our
	 total
	 r
evenue
	 gr
ew
	 b
y
	 16%
	 y
ear-on-year
	 (
YoY)
	
to ₹
84,483
	 Lakhs,
	 r
eflecting
	 the
	 gr
owing
	 demand
	
for
	our
	pr
oducts
	and
	the
	str
ength
	of
	our
	customer
	
r
elationships.
	Pr
ofit
	After
	T
ax
	(P
AT)
	stood
	at
	₹
₹8,203
	
Lakhs,
	a
	commendable
	38%
	incr
ease
	fr
om
	the
	pr
evious
	
y
ear.
	 W
e
	 conti
nued
	 to
	 enhan
ce
	 pr
ofitability,
	 with
	
EBI
TDA
	 incr
easing
	 fr
om
	 ₹
₹9,126
	 Lakhs
	 to
	 ₹
₹12,363
	
Lakhs.
	This
	impr
ovement
	was
	driv
en
	b
y
	our
	focused
	
effor
ts
	on
	optimizing
	material
	costs
	and
	expanding
	our
	
footprint
	in
	expo
rts
	and
	afterma
rket
	segments,
	which
	
contributed
	to
	a
	healthy
	uptick
	in
	gr
oss
	mar
gin
	fr
om
	
31.2%
	
in
	
2023-24
	
to
	
32.1%
	
in
	
2024-25.
2.1. 
 T
ransfer to Reserves
		 	The	Compa
ny
	r
etained
	the
	entir
e
	surplus
	in
	the
	Pr
ofit
	
and
	Loss
	Account
	and
	hence
	no
	transf
er
	to
	General
	
Reser
ve
	
was
	
made
	
during
	
the
	
Year.
3.
  IN
TERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS SYSTEMS AND 
ADEQUACY
	 	The	 Company
	 has
	 estab
lished
	 a
	 r
obust
	 internal
	
financial
	framework
	including
	Internal
	Contr
ols
	o
ver
	
Financial
	 Repor
ting
	 and
	 anti-fraud
	 framework.
	 The
	
Company
’s
	internal
	contr
ol
	systems
	ar
e
	commensurate
	
with
	the
	natur
e
	of
	its
	business,
	th
e
	siz
e
	and
	complexity
	
of
	its
	op
erations
	and
	such
	inter
nal
	financial
	contr
ols
	
concerning
	the
	financial
	statements
	ar
e
	adequate.
	The
	
Company
	has
	engaged
	an
	auditor
	who
	is
	a
	str
ong
	and
	
independent
	
external
	
firm
	
specializing
	
in
	
internal
	
audit.
	 	Inte
rnal
	A
udit
	firm
	functiona
lly
	r
eports
	to
	the
	Chairman
	of
	
the
	A
udit	Committee,
	ther
eby
	maintaining
	its
	objectivity
	
and
	 independence.
	 The
	 framework
	 is
	 r
egularly
	
r
eviewed
	b
y
	the
	management
	and	audit
	committee
	and
	
str
engthened,
	fr
om
	time
	to
	time
	to
	ensur
e
	adequacy
	
and
	eff
ectiveness
	of
	internal
	financial
	contr
ols.
	While
	
Internal
	contr
ols
	o
ver
	Financial
	Repor
ting
	is
	cer
tified
	b
y
	
the
	S
tatutory
	A
uditors,
	the
	Chief
	Financial
	Officer
	and
	
the
	Man
aging
	Dir
ector
	cer
tifying
	the
	adequacy
	of
	o
ver-
	
all
	Financial
	Contr
ols
	to
	the
	A
udit
	Committee
	and
	Boar
d
	
on
	
quarterly/
	
annual
	
basis.
	
	
The	 Curr
ent	 system
	 of
	 intern
al
	 financial
	 contr
ol
	 is
	
aligned
	 with
	 statutor
y
	 r
equirements.
	 	E
ffectiveness
	
of
	 inter
nal
	 fina
ncial
	 contr
ol
	 is
	 ensur
ed
	 thr
ough
	
===== PAGE 72 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
69
Annual Report 2024-25
management	r eviews, 	contr olled 	self-assessment 	and 	
independent
	testing
	b
y
	external
	independent
	Internal
	
A
uditor.
4.
 CORPORA
TE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
	 In
	 complian
ce
	 with
	 Section
	 135
	 of
	 the
	 Act,
	 the
	
Company
	has
	un
dertaken
	CSR
	activities,
	pr
ojects
	and
	
pr
ograms,
	ex
cluding
	activities
	un
dertaken
	in
	pursuance
	
of
	its
	no
rmal
	co
urse
	of
	busines
s.
	W
e
	ar
e
	committed
	
to
	activ
ely
	contr
ibute
	towar
ds
	the
	de
velopment
	of
	a
	
sustainable
	
society.
	 For
	 the
	 y
ear
	 2024-25,
	 a
	 number
	 of
	 CSR
	 pr
ojects/
	
pr
ograms
	 wer
e
	 under
taken
	 and
	 based
	 on
	 the
	
r
ecommendation
	 of
	 the
	 CSR
	 Committee,
	 the
	 Boar
d
	
had
	appr
oved
	an
	amount
	of
	 `
	1,06,23,000
	i.e.,
	2%
	of
	
the
	 a
verage
	 qualifying
	 net
	 pr
ofits
	 of
	 the
	 last
	 thr
ee
	
financial
	y
ears
	on
	CSR
	activities.
	After
	setting
	off
	the
	
pr
evious
	y
ear’s
	ex
cess
	spent
	of
	`
	11,563,
	the
	balance
	
`
	1,0
6,11,437
	was
	r
equired
	to
	be
	spent
	towar
ds
	CSR
	
pr
ojects
	 against
	 which
	 the
	 Company
	 had
	 spent
	 
`
	1,15,09
,492
	wh
ich
	is
	`
	8,98,055
	in
	ex
cess
	of
	the
	CSR
	
obligation
	for
	the
	y
ear
	which
	shall
	be
	carried
	for
ward
	to
	
the
	
FY
	
2025-26.
	 In
	addition
	to
	the
	pr
ojects
	specified
	as
	CSR
	activities
	
under
	Section
	135
	of
	the
	Act,
	th
e
	Company
	has
	also
	
carried
	 out
	 se
veral
	 other
	 sustainability/
	 r
esponsible
	
business
	initiativ
es
	to
	the
	community
	and
	most
	of
	the
	
activities
	wer
e
	carried
	out
	near
	to
	the
	locations
	of
	the
	
factor
y.
	 The 	Annual	Repor
t
	on
	CSR
	containing
	the
	Composition
	
of
	the
	CSR
	Committee,
	salient
	f
eatures
	of
	the
	CSR
	P
olicy,
	
details
	of
	activiti
es,
	and
	other
	information
	as
	r
equired
	
under
	 Companies
	 (Corporate
	 Social
	 Responsibility
	
P
olicy)
	Rules,
	2014
	ar
e
	pr
ovided
	in
	Annexur
e
	to
	this
	
r
eport.
	 The
	 CSR
	 P
olicy
	 ma
y
	 be
	 accessed
	 on
	 the
	
Company
’s
	website
	at
	the
	link:
	https://
	indianippon.
com/policies/
5.
  SUBSIDI
ARY COMPANY AND THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
 a)
  Subsid
iary Company: PT Automotive Systems 
Indonesia (PTASI)
	 	 	PT
	A
utomotive
	Systems
	Indonesia
	(PT
ASI)
	had
	
applied
	for
	liquid
ation,
	and
	the
	final
	accountability
	
r eport 	of 	the 	liqu idator, 	dated 	10th	Januar y 	2025, 	
was
	duly
	appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	sha
reholders
	of
	the
	
company
.
	
	
	 	Subse
quently,
	the
	wind
ing-up
	pr
ocess
	of
	PT
ASI
	
has
	been	comple
ted,
	and
	the
	liquidation
	pr
oceeds
	
wer
e
	r
eceived
	on
	24th	June 	2025. 	The 	company 	
is
	 curr
ently
	 awaiting
	 confirmation
	 fr
om
	 the
	
Indonesian
	authorities
	r
egarding
	the
	r
emoval
	of
	its
	
name
	fr
om
	the
	Register
	of
	Companies.	Financial
	
position
	 of
	 the
	 subsidiar
y
	 is
	 pr
ovided
	 in
	 F
orm
	
A
OC-1
	as
	r
equired
	under
	Section
	129
	(3)
	of
	the
	
Companies
	
Act
	
2013.
 b) 
 Conso
lidated Financial Statements
	 	 	The
	 Consolidated
	 Fin
ancial
	 Statements
	 of
	 the
	
Company
	 is
	 pr
epared
	 in
	 acco
rdance
	 with
	 the
	
pr
ovisions
	of
	Section
	129
	(3)
	of
	the
	Companies
	
Act
	201
3
	r
ead
	with
	the
	Companies
	(Accounts)
	
Rules,
	2014
	and
	Regulation
	33
	of
	the
	SEBI
	(Listing
	
Obligations
	 an
d
	 Disclosur
e
	 Requir
ements)
	
Regulations,
	 2015.
	 Pursuant
	 to
	 the
	 pr
ovisions
	
of
	S
ection
	136
	of
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	2013,
	the
	
audited
	 financial
	 statements
	 of
	 the
	 subsidiar
y
	
ha
ve
	been
	placed
	on
	the
	website
	of
	the
	Company
	
at
	https
://indianippon.com/investor/
	and
	will
	be
	
made
	a
vailable
	to
	the
	members
	on
	r
eceipt
	of
	a
	
r
equest
	
from
	
them.
 c) 
 Joint v
enture or Associates
	 	 	The
	Company
	does
	not
	ha
ve
	any
	Joint
	v
enture
	or
	
Associate
	
Company.
6.	 	REMUNERA
TION
	 RECEIVED
	 B
Y
	 M
ANAGING/
	 WHOLE
	
TIME 
DIRECTOR FROM THE COMPANY, HOLDING OR 
SUBSIDIARY COMPANY
	 	F
or
	 the
	 financial
	 y
ear
	 202
4–25,
	 a
	 r
emuneration
	 of
	 
`
	384.46
	Lakhs,
	including
	commission
	of
	`
	150
	Lakhs,
	
subject
	to
	applicable
	tax
es,
	was
	appr
oved
	for
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	
Balaji,
	Managing
	Dir
ector,
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	
at
	their
	meeting
	held
	on
	30th	Ma y 	2025. 	This 	appr oval 	
was
	based
	on
	the
	r
ecommendation
	of
	the
	Nomination
	
and
	Remuneratio
n
	Committee
	and
	is
	within
	the
	limits
	
appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	shar
eholders
	at
	the
	Annual
	General
	
Meeting
	 held
	 on
	 21st	 Septemb er 	 2022. 	 During 	 the 	
y
ear,
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	r
eceived
	a
	commission
	of
	`
	8
	
Lakhs
	fr
om
	the
	holding
	company
,
	L
ucas
	Indian
	Ser
vice
	
Limited.
Boards’ Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 73 =====
70
India Nippon Electricals Limited
7. DIVIDEND
 a.
 Declar
ation and Payment of Dividend
	 	 	The
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors,
	at
	their
	meeting
	held
	on
	
13th	F ebruary 	2025, 	declar ed 	an	interim 	dividend 	
of ` 12.50
	pe
r
	eq
uity
	shar
e
	of
	fac
e
	v
alue
	` 5
	each,
	
r
epresenting
	a
	dividend
	rate
	of
	250%
	on
	the
	face
	
v
alue,
	for
	the
	financial
	y
ear
	under
	r
eview.
	Y
our	
Dir
ectors
	r
ecommend
	consideration
	of
	the
	same	
as
	 final
	 dividend
	 for
	 the
	 y
ear
	 which
	 absorbs
	 a	 
total
	sum
	of
	 `	2827.68
	Lakhs
	for
	the
	y
ear
	ended	
31st	March,	2025.
	
	 	As
	per
	the
	Income-T
ax
	Act,
	1961,
	dividends
	paid
	
or
	distributed
	b
y
	the
	Company
	shall
	be
	taxable
	in
	
the
	hand
s
	of
	th
e
	shar
eholders.
	Accor
dingly,
	the
	
Company
	 mak
es
	 the
	 pa
yment
	 of
	 the
	 dividend
	
fr
om
	time
	to
	time
	after
	deduction	of
	tax
	at
	sour
ce.
 b.
 Dividend Distribution P
olicy
	 	 	The
	Dividend
	r
ecommended
	is
	in
	accor
dance
	with	
the
	Dividend
	Distribution
	P
olicy
	of
	the
	Company
.	
Accor
ding
	 to
	 Regulation
	 43A
	 of
	 the
	 S
ecurities	
and
	Ex
change
	Boar
d
	of
	I
ndia
	(
Listing
	Obligations	
and
	Disclosur
e
	Requir
ements)
	Regulations,
	2015	
(
“Listing
	Regulations”)
	the
	Boar
d
	had
	adopted
	a	
Dividend
	Distribution
	P
olicy,
	which
	has
	been
	placed	
on
	the
	website
	of
	the
	Company
	and
	can
	be
	accessed	
at
	
the
	
link:
	
https://indianippon.com/policies/.
8.
 PUBLIC DEPOSI
TS
	 	During
	the
	y
ear,
	the
	Compan
y
	has
	not
	accepted
	any
	
deposits
	fr
om
	the
	public
	falling
	within
	the
	ambit
	of
	
Section
	73
	or
	Se
ction
	76
	of
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	2013
	
r
ead
	with
	Compa
nies
	(Acceptance
	of
	Deposits)
	Rules,
	
2014.
	No
	amount
	
on
	account
	of
	principal
	
or
	inter
est
	on
	
deposits
	fr
om
	th
e
	public
	was
	outstanding
	as
	on
	31st 
March,
	
2025.
9.
 F
AMILIARIZATION PROGRAM
	 	The	 Company
	 has
	 put
	 in
	 pla
ce
	 a
	 familiarization
	
pr
ogram
	for
	all
	its
	Dir
ectors
	including
	the
	Independent
	
Dir
ectors.
	The
	familiarization
	pr
ogram
	for
	Independent
	
Dir
ectors
	in
	terms
	of
	pr
ovisions
	of
	Regulation
	46(2)(i)
	
of
	the
	Listing
	Regulations
	is
	uploa
ded
	on
	the
	website
	of
	
the
	
Company
	
at
	
https://indianippon.com/investor/
10.
  CONSER
VATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY 
ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS 
AND OUTGO:
	 	The	 information
	 on
	 the
	 Conser
vation
	 of
	 ener
gy,
	
technology
	abso
rption
	and
	F
oreign
	ex
change
	earnings
	
and
	outgo
	as
	stipulated
	under
	Se
ction
	134(3)
	(m)
	of
	the
	
Act,
	r
ead
	with
	Rule
	8(3)
	of
	the
	Companies
	(Accounts)
	
Rules,
	
2014
	
is
	
set
	
out
	
in
	
the
	
Annexure
	
to
	
this
	
Report.
11.
  BUSINESS RESPONSIBILI
TY AND SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORT
	 	Pursuant
	 to	 Regulation
	 34(2)(f
)
	 of
	 the
	 SEBI
	 Listing
	
Regulations,
	201
5
	r
ead
	with
	SEB
I
	Master
	Cir
cular
	No.
	
SEBI/HO/CFD/P
oD2/CIR/P/2023/120
	dated
	11th	July , 	
2023,
	th
e
	Busin
ess
	Responsibility
	and
	Sustainability
	
Repor
t
	(
‘BRSR’)
	for
	2024-25
	ha
s
	been
	pr
epared
	on
	
a
	 v
oluntary
	 basis,
	 based
	 on
	 th
e
	 framework
	 of
	 the
	
National
	Guidelines
	on
	Responsible
	Business
	Conduct
	
and
	
in
	
the
	
format
	
prescribed
	
by
	
SEBI.
12. 
 P
ARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
	 	Disclosur
e
	per
taining
	to
	r
emuneration
	and
	other
	details
	
as
	 r
equired
	 under
	 Section
	 197(12)
	 of
	 the
	 Act
	 r
ead
	
with
	Rule
	5(1)
	of
	the
	Compani
es
	(Appointment
	and
	
Remuneration
	of
	Managerial
	P
ersonnel)
	Rules,
	2014
	is
	
annex
ed
	
to
	
this
	
Report.
	
	
Disclosures
	 with
	 r
espect
	 to
	 the
	 r
emuneration
	 of
	
Dir
ectors
	and
	emplo
yees
	as
	r
equired
	under
	Section
	
197
	 of
	 the
	 Companies
	 Act,
	 2013
	 and
	 Rule
	 5(1)
	 of
	
the
	 Companies
	 (Appointment
	 and
	 Remuneration
	 of
	
Managerial
	P
ersonnel)
	Rules,
	2014,
	has
	been
	appended
	
as
	
Annexure
	
to
	
this
	
Report.
	
	
The	 statement
	 containing
	 names
	 of
	 the
	 top
	 ten
	
emplo
yees
	in
	te
rms
	of
	r
emuneration
	drawn
	and
	the
	
par
ticulars
	 of
	 emplo
yees
	 as
	 r
equired
	 under
	 Section
	
197(12)
	of
	the
	Act
	r
ead
	with
	Rule
	5(2)
	and
	5(3)
	of
	
the
	 Companies
	 (Appointment
	 and
	 Remuneration
	 of
	
Managerial
	P
ersonnel)
	Rules,
	2014,
	as
	amended,
	forms
	
par
t
	of
	this
	Repor
t.
	In
	terms
	of
	Section
	136(1)
	of
	the
	
Act,
	the
	Annual
	Repor
t
	is
	being
	sent
	to
	the
	Members,
	
ex
cluding
	the
	afor
esaid
	statement.
	The
	statement
	is
	
open
	for
	inspection
	upon
	r
equest
	b
y
	the
	Members
	and
	
any
	Member
	desir
ous
	of
	obtaining
	the
	same
	ma
y
	write
	
to
	
the
	
Company
	
Secretary
	
at
	
investors@inel.co.in.
Boards’ Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 74 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
71
Annual Report 2024-25
13.  ANN UAL RETURN
	 	The	 cop
y
	 of
	 draft
	 Annual	 Return
	 in
	 F
orm
	 MGT
-7,
	
pr
epared
	as
	per
	Section
	92(3)
	of
	the
	Act
	r
ead
	with
	Rule
	
11
	of
	the
	Compan
ies
	(Manageme
nt
	and
	Administration)
	
Rules,
	2014
	is
	placed
	on
	the
	we
bsite
	of
	the
	Company
	
at
	 https
://indianippon.com/.
	 Th
e
	 Annual
	 Return
	 will
	
be
	submitted
	to
	the
	Registrar
	of
	Companies
	within
	the
	
timelines
	
prescribed
	
under
	
the
	
Act.
14. 
 RIS
K MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
	 	The	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	of
	th
e
	Company
	has
	formed
	a
	
Risk
	Man
agement
	Committee
	to
	frame,
	implement,
	and
	
monitor
	the
	risk
	management
	plan
	for
	the
	Company
.
	
The
	Committee
	is
	r
esponsible
	for
	r
eviewing
	the
	risk
	
management
	 plan
	 and
	 ensuring
	 its
	 eff
ectiveness.
	
The
	Committee
	considers
	the
	risks
	that
	impact
	the
	
mid-term
	to
	the
	long-term
	objectiv
es
	of
	the
	business,
	
including
	
those
	
reputational
	
in
	
nature.
	
	
The	Compa
ny
	has
	an
	elab
orate
	risk
	char
ter
	and
	risk
	
policy
	 defining
	 the
	 risk
	 management
	 go
vernance
	
model,
	risk
	assessment,
	and
	prioritization
	pr
ocess.
	As
	
per
	Schedule
	II
	to
	SEBI
	(L
ODR)
	Regulations,
	the
	Risk
	
Management
	P
olicy
	was
	amende
d
	and
	appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	
Boar
d
	in
	its
	mee
ting
	held
	on
	13th	No vember, 	2024. 	The 	
policy
	 can
	 be
	 accessed
	 at
	 http
s://indianippon.com/
policies/.
	 Further,
	the
	Risk
	Manageme
nt
	Committee
	r
eviews
	and
	
monitors
	the
	k
ey
	risks
	and
	their	mitigation
	measur
es
	
periodically
	and
	pr
ovides
	an
	update
	to
	the
	Boar
d
	on
	the
	
Company
’s
	risks	outlined
	in
	the
	risk
	r
egisters.
	Ther
e
	ar
e
	
no
	risks
	which
	in
	the
	opinion
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	thr
eaten
	the
	
existence
	of
	the	Company
.
	The
	A
udit
	Committee
	has
	
additional
	o
versight
	in
	the
	ar
ea
	of
	financial
	risks
	and
	
contr
ols.
	
15.
  CORPORA
TE GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT 
DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS
	 The 	 Company
	 has
	 comp
lied	 with
	 the
	 corporate
	
go
vernance
	 r
equirements
	 under
	 the
	 Act,
	 and
	 the
	
Listing
	Regulations.
	A
	separate
	section
	on
	Corporate
	
Go
vernance
	alon
g
	with
	a
	cer
tificate
	fr
om
	the
	Practicing
	
Company
	Secr
etary
	confirming
	compliance
	forms
	an
	
integral
	par
t
	of
	this
	Annual
	Repor
t.
	A
	detailed
	r
eport
	
on
	Mana
gement
	Discussion
	and
	Analysis
	also
	forms
	
an
	integral
	par
t
	of
	this
	Annual
	Repor
t
	and
	co
vers
	the
	
consolidated
	operations
	r
eflecting
	the
	natur
e
	of
	our
	
business.
16.
	
	 DIRECTORS’
	
RESPONSIBILITY
	
STATEMENT
	 Based
	on
	the
	framework
	of
	internal
	financial
	contr
ols
	
and
	compliance
	systems
	establ
ished
	and
	maintained
	
b
y
	 the
	 Company
,
	 work
	 per
formed
	 b
y
	 the
	 internal,
	
statutor
y,
	 cost,
	 and
	 secr
etarial
	 auditors
	 including
	
the
	audi
t
	of
	internal
	financial
	contr
ols
	o
ver
	financial
	
r
eporting
	b
y
	the	statutor
y
	audi
tors
	and
	the
	r
eviews
	
per
formed
	b
y
	the	management
	and
	the
	r
elevant
	Boar
d
	
Committees,
	including
	the
	A
udit
	Committee,
	the
	Boar
d
	
is
	of
	the	opinion	that
	the
	Compa
ny’s
	internal
	financial
	
contr
ols
	 wer
e
	 adequate
	 and
	 operating
	 eff
ectively
	
during
	
the
	
financial
	
year
	
2024-25.
	 Pursuant
	to	Section
	134
	(5)
	of
	the
	Act,
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	
Dir
ectors,
	to
	the
	best
	of
	their
	knowledge
	and
	ability
,
	
confirm
	that
	for
	the
	financial
	y
ear
	ended
	31st	Mar ch, 	
2025:
a.	
In
	the
	pr
eparation
	of
	the
	ann
ual
	accounts,
	the
	
applicable
	 accounting
	 standar
ds
	 ha
ve
	 been
	
followed
	
and
	
there
	
are
	
no
	
material
	
departures;
b.	 They
	ha
ve
	selected
	such
	ac
counting
	policies
	and
	
applied
	them
	co
nsistently
	and
	made
	judgments
	
and
	estimates
	that
	ar
e
	r
easonable
	and
	prudent
	so
	
as
	to	giv
e
	a
	true
	and
	fair
	view
	of
	the
	state
	of
	affairs
	
of
	th
e
	Company	at
	the
	end
	of
	the
	financial
	y
ear
	
and
	
of
	
the
	
profits
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
for
	
that
	
period;
c.	 They
	ha
ve
	tak
en
	pr
oper
	and	sufficient
	car
e
	for
	the
	
maintenance
	of
	adequate
	accounting
	r
ecords
	in
	
accor
dance
	with
	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	the
	Companies
	
Act,
	 201
3
	 for
	 saf
eguarding
	 the	 assets
	 of
	 the
	
Company
	and
	for
	pr
eventing
	and	detecting
	fraud
	
and
	
other
	
irregularities;
d.	 They
	ha
ve
	pr
epared
	the
	annual
	accounts
	on
	a
	
‘
going
	
concern
	
basis’;
e.	 They
	ha
ve
	laid
	down
	inter
nal
	financial
	contr
ols
	
for
	 the
	 Compan
y
	 which
	 ar
e
	 ad
equate
	 and
	 ar
e
	
operating
	
effectively;
	 f.	 	The
y
	ha
ve
	de
vised
	a
	pr
oper
	system
	to
	ensur
e
	
compliance
	with
	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	all
	applicable
	
laws
	an
d
	such
	systems
	 ar
e
	adequate
	and
	ar
e
	
operating
	
effectively.
Boards’ Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 75 =====
72
India Nippon Electricals Limited
17.  DIREC TORS & KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL (KMP)
17.1.
 Independent and Non-Ex
ecutive Directors: Appointment, Re-appointment, Resignation, Retirement etc.:
	 There
	wer
e
	no
	appointment
	or
	r
e-appointment
	of
	Indepe
ndent
	Dir
ectors
	during
	the
	y
ear
	2024-25.
	F
ollowing
	table
	
r
epresents
	
the
	
appointment
	
and
	
tenure
	
of
	
Independent
	
Directors
	
of
	
your
	
Company:
Name of the Director Date of Appointment  
(first
	
term)
Date of Appointment 
(second term)
Term
Mr.
	
Anant
	
J
	
Talaulicar 6th
	
April,
	
2019 6th
	
April,
	
2023 5
	
Years
Mr.
	
Heramb
	
R
	
Hajarnavis 10th
	
August,
	
2022 - 4
	
Years
Mrs.
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti 10 th	August,	2022 - 4 	 Years
 
 Retir
ement by rotation and subsequent  
re-appointment:
	 In
	 accor
dance
	 with
	 the
	 pr
ovisions
	 of
	 Section
	 152
	
and
	 other
	 applicable
	 pr
ovisions,
	 if
	 any
,
	 of
	 the
	 Act
	
and
	 the	 Ar
ticles
	 of
	 Associatio
n
	 of
	 the
	 Company
,
	 
Mrs.
	Priy
amvada	Balaji
	(DIN:
	00730712),
	Non-Ex
ecutive
	
Dir
ector
	of
	the
	Company
,
	is
	liable
	to
	r
etire
	b
y
	r
otation
	at
	
the
	ensuing
	A
GM
	and
	being
	eligib
le
	has
	off
ered
	herself
	
for
	
re-appointment.
	
	
Based
	on
	pe
rformance
	e
valuation
	and
	r
ecommendation
	
of
	the
	Nominatio
n
	and
	Remuner
ation
	Committee,
	the
	
Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	r
ecommends
	her
	r
e-appointment
	
as
	a
	Non
-Executive
	Dir
ector
	of
	the
	Company
,
	liable
	to
	
r
etire
	b
y
	r
otation.
	The
	appr
opriate
	r
esolution
	for
	the
	 
r
e-appointment
	 of
	 Mrs.
	 Priy
amvada
	 Balaji
	 is
	 being
	
placed
	 for
	 the
	 appr
oval
	 of
	 the	 shar
eholders
	 of
	 the
	
Company
	at
	the	ensuing
	A
GM.	Details
	with
	r
espect
	
to
	 her
	 experien
ce,
	 attributes,
	 skills,
	 disclosur
e
	 of
	
r
elationship
	between
	dir
ectors
	inter-se,
	dir
ectorships
	
held
	in
	other
	com
panies
	and
	committee
	memberships,
	
etc.,
	as
	stipulated
	under
	Regulation
	36
	of
	the
	Listing
	
Regulations
	 and	 Secr
etarial
	 S
tandard
	 on
	 General
	
Meetings
	issued	b
y
	ICSI,
	ha
ve
	been
	disclosed
	in
	the
	
Annexur
e
	to
	the
	Notice
	of
	the
	A
GM.
	The
	Managing
	
Dir
ector
	and
	Inde
pendent
	Dir
ectors
	of
	the
	Company
	ar
e
	
not
	
liable
	
to
	
retire
	
by
	
rotation.
17.2. Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs):
	
	Mr
.
	 Ar
vind
	 Balaji,
	 Manag
ing
	 Dir
ector,
	 Mr
.
	 Elango
	
Sriniv
asan,
	CFO
	&
	Ms.
	S
	Logitha
	Company
	Secr
etary,
	ar
e
	
the
	K
ey
	Manager
ial
	P
ersonnel
	(“KMP”)
	of
	the
	Company
	
in
	ac
cordance
	with
	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	Sections
	2(51)
	and
	
203
	of
	th
e
	Act
	r
ead
	with
	the
	Companies
	(Appointment
	
and
	 Remunerat
ion
	 of
	 Managerial
	 P
ersonnel)
	 Rules,
	
2014.
	 	During
	the
	y
ear
	under
	r
eview,
	ther
e
	wer
e
	no
	changes
	to
	
the
	
KMP
	
or
	
Directors
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
17.3.  Declaration b
y Independent Directors as required u/s 
149:
	 	In
	terms
	of
	Section
	149
	of
	the
	Act
	and
	SEBI
	Listing
	
Regulations,
	 Mr
.
	 Anant
	 J
	 T
alaulicar,
	 Mr
.
	 Heramb
	 R
	
Hajarna
vis
	 and
	 Ms.
	 Gangapriy
a
	 Chakra
verti
	 ar
e
	 the
	
Independent
	Dir
ectors
	of
	the
	Company
,
	as
	on
	the
	date
	
of
	
this
	
report.
	
	 	All
	I
ndependent
	Dir
ectors
	of
	the
	Company
	ha
ve
	giv
en
	
r
equisite
	 declarations
	 under
	 Section
	 149(7)
	 of
	 the
	
Act,
	that
	the
y
	meet
	the
	criteria	of
	independence
	as
	
laid
	down
	under
	Section
	149(6)
	of
	the
	Act
	along
	with
	
Rules
	framed
	th
ereunder,
	Regulation
	16(1)(b)
	of
	SEBI
	
Listing
	Regulations
	and
	ha
ve
	complied
	with
	the
	Code
	
of
	Conduct
	of
	th
e
	Company
	as
	applicable
	to
	the
	Boar
d
	
of
	
Directors
	
and
	
Senior
	
Management
	
Personnel.
	
	 	In
	 terms
	 of
	 Regulation
	 25(8)
	 of
	 the
	 SEBI
	 Listing
	
Regulations,
	the
	Independent
	Dir
ectors
	ha
ve
	confirmed
	
that
	the
y
	ar
e
	not
	awar
e
	of
	any
	cir
cumstance
	or
	situation,
	
which
	exists
	or
	ma
y
	be
	r
easonably
	anticipated,
	that
	
could
	 impair
	 or
	 impact
	 their
	 ability
	 to
	 dischar
ge
	
their
	dut
ies
	with	an
	objectiv
e
	independent
	judgment
	
and
	 without
	 an
y
	 external
	 influence.
	 The
	 Company
	
has
	r
eceived
	co
nfirmation
	fr
om
	all
	the
	Independent
	
Dir
ectors
	 of
	 th
eir
	 r
egistration
	 on
	 the
	 Independent
	
Dir
ectors
	Database
	maintained
	b
y
	the
	Indian
	Institute
	
of
	Corporate
	Affairs,
	in
	terms
	of
	Section
	150
	r
ead
	with
	
Rule
	6
	of
	the
	Companies
	(Appointment
	and
	Qualification
	
of
	
Directors)
	
Rules,
	
2014.
	
	
In
	the
	opini
on
	of
	the
	Boar
d,
	the
	Independent
	Dir
ectors
	
possess
	the
	r
equisite
	exper
tise,
	integrity
	and
	experience
	
and
	ar
e
	persons
	of
	high
	integr
ity
	 and
	r
epute.
	The
y
	
fulfill
	the
	conditions
	specified
	in
	the
	Act
	as
	well
	as
	the
	
Boards’ Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 76 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
73
Annual Report 2024-25
Rules	made 	the reunder 	and 	ar e 	independent 	of 	the 	
management.
	
	
Declaration	 of
	 Independe
nce
	 comprising
	 all
	 the
	
r
equirements
	of
	Companies
	Act,
	2013
	and
	SEBI
	Listing
	
Regulations
	wer
e
	r
eceived
	b
y
	the
	Company
	and
	was
	
tak
en
	on
	r
ecord
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d
	afte
r
	v
erifying
	the
	v
eracity
	
of
	th
e
	declarations,
	fr
om
	Mr
.
	Anant
	J
	T
alaulicar,
	Mr
.
	
Heramb
	
R
	
Hajarnavis
	
and
	
Ms.
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti.
	
	
Further,
	 a
	 r
eport
	 b
y
	 Practicing
	 Company
	 Secr
etary
	
cer
tifying
	that
	none
	of
	the
	Dir
ectors
	of
	the
	Company
	ar
e
	
debarr
ed
	or
	disqualified
	is
	giv
en
	as
	an
	annexur
e
	to
	this
	
Repor
t.
18. 
 MEETINGS OF THE BO
ARD
	 	During
	the
	y
ear
	under
	r
eview,
	5
	meetings
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	
of
	Dir
ectors
	wer
e
	held
	on
	30th	Ma y, 	2024, 	6th	A ugust, 	
2024,
	13th	No vember, 	2024, 	13th	F ebruary, 	2025 	and 	
25th	Mar ch, 	2025 . 	The 	maximum 	inter val 	between 	any 	
two
	meetings
	did
	not
	ex
ceed
	120
	da
ys,
	as
	pr
escribed
	
b
y
	the
	Act
	and
	the
	Listing
	Regul
ations.
	The
	details
	on
	
attendance
	b
y
	the
	Dir
ectors
	during
	Financial
	y
ear
	2024-
25
	ar
e
	giv
en
	in
	the
	Repor
t
	of
	Corporate
	Go
vernance
	
forming
	
part
	
of
	
this
	
Annual
	
Report.
18.1. Committees of the Board
	 	The	Committees
	of
	the
	Boa
rd
	focus
	on
	cer
tain
	specific
	
ar
eas
	 and
	 mak
e
	 informed
	 decisions
	 in
	 line
	 with
	
the
	 dele
gated
	 authority
.
	 The
	 following
	 Committees
	
constituted
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d
	functi
on
	accor
ding
	to
	their
	
r
espective
	
roles
	
and
	
defined
	
scope:
•	 Audit
	
Committee
•	 Nomination 	
and
	
Remuneration
	
Committee
•	 Corporate
	
Social
	
Responsibility
	
Committee
•	 Stakeholders’
	
Relationship
	
Committee
•	 Risk
	
Management
	
Committee
Details
	of
	compo
sition,
	terms
	of
	r
eference
	and
	number
	
of
	meetings
	held
	for
	r
espective
	co
mmittees
	ar
e
	giv
en
	in
	
the
	Repor
t
	on
	Corporate
	Go
vernance,
	which
	forms
	par
t
	
of
	th
is
	r
eport.
	Du
ring
	the
	y
ear,
	all
	r
ecommendations
	of
	
the
	Committees
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	which
	wer
e
	mandatorily
	
r
equired
	
have
	
been
	
accepted
	
by
	
the
	
Board.
18.2.  Sep arate meeting of Independent Directors & Board 
evaluation:
	 The 	 Company
	 conducted
	 a
	 separate
	 meeting
	 of
	
Independent
	Dir
ectors
	as
	per
	th
e
	r
equirements
	of
	the
	
Companies
	Act,
	2013
	and
	SEBI
	Listing
	Regulations
	on
	
13th	February,	2025.
	
The	annual
	e
valuation
	pr
ocess
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors,
	
individual
	Dir
ectors
	and
	committees
	wer
e
	conducted
	
in
	accor
dance
	with
	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	the
	Act
	and
	the
	
SEBI
	 Listing
	 Regulations.
	 The
	 Boar
d
	 was
	 e
valuated
	
on
	 following
	 pa
rameters:
	 The
	 Boar
d
	 e
valuated
	 its
	
per
formance
	after
	seeking
	inputs
	fr
om
	all
	the
	Dir
ectors
	
on
	th
e
	basis
	of
	criteria
	such
	as
	Strategy
,
	P
erformance
	
Management
	 &
	 Succession
	 Plan,
	 Ex
ecution,
	
Inv
estments,
	 M&A
	 and
	 Financial
	 Contr
ols,
	 T
alent
	
Management,
	 Risk
	 Management,
	 Cor
e
	 Go
vernance
	
&
	Compliance,
	Re
view
	of
	Information,
	Monitoring
	of
	
Committee.
	
Committees	 wer
e
	 e
valuated	 on
	 the
	 parameters
	 lik
e
	
F
unctions
	and
	Duties,
	Management
	Relations,
	Suppor
t
	
to
	
the
	
Committee
	
and
	
overall.
	 The 	Boar
d
	and
	the
	NRC
	r
eviewed
	the
	per
formance
	of
	
individual
	Dir
ectors
	on
	the
	basis
	of
	criteria
	such
	as
	the
	
contribution
	of
	the
	individual
	Dir
ector
	to
	the
	Boar
d
	and
	
committee
	meet
ings
	lik
e
	pr
eparedness
	on
	the
	issues
	to
	
be
	discussed,
	meaningful
	and
	constructiv
e
	contribution
	
and
	
inputs
	
in
	
meetings,
	
etc
	 In
	 a
	 separat
e
	 meeting
	 of
	 Ind
ependent
	 Dir
ectors,
	
per
formance
	 of
	 Non-Independent
	 Dir
ectors
	 and
	 the
	
Boar
d
	 as
	 a
	 who
le
	 was
	 e
valuated.
	 Additionally
,
	 the
y
	
also
	e
valuated
	the
	Chairman
	of
	the
	Boar
d,
	taking
	into
	
account
	 the
	 views
	 of
	 Ex
ecutive
	 and
	 Non-ex
ecutive
	
Dir
ectors
	 in
	 the
	 afor
esaid
	 meeting.
	 The
	 Boar
d
	 also
	
assessed
	the
	quality
,
	quantity
	and
	timeliness
	of
	flow
	of
	
information
	betw
een
	the
	Compa
ny
	management
	and
	
the
	Boar
d
	that
	is
	necessar
y
	for
	th
e
	Boar
d
	to
	eff
ectively
	
and
	 r
easonably
	 per
form
	 their
	 duties.
	 The
	 abo
ve
	
e
valuations
	wer
e
	then
	discussed
	in
	the
	Boar
d
	meeting
	
and
	per
formance
	e
valuation
	of
	Independent
	Dir
ectors
	
was
	 carried
	 out
	 b
y
	 the
	 entir
e
	 Boar
d,
	 ex
cluding
	 the
	
Independent
	Dir
ectors
	being
	e
valuated.
	The
	separate
	
Boards’ Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 77 =====
74
India Nippon Electricals Limited
meeting	of 	Independent 	Dir ectors 	for 	2024-25 	was 	held 	
pursuant
	to
	Schedule
	IV
	to
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	2013
	
&
	Regulations
	17
	&
	25
	of
	SEBI
	(Listing
	Obligations
	&
	
Disclosur
e
	
Requirements)
	
Regulations,
	
2015.
19.
  POLICY 
ON DIRECTORS’ APPOINTMENT AND 
REMUNERATION
	 The 	Company
’s
	P
olicy
	on
	Dir
ectors’
	appointment
	and
	
r
emuneration
	and
	other
	matters
	pr
ovided
	in
	Section
	
178(3)
	of
	the
	Act
	has
	been
	briefly
	disclosed
	her
eunder
	
and
	in
	the
	Repor
t
	on
	Corporate
	Go
vernance,
	which
	
forms
	
part
	
of
	
this
	
report.
19.1.  Selection and pr ocedure for nomination and 
appointment of Directors:
	 The 	Nomina
tion
	and
	Remun
eration
	Committee
	(“NRC”)
	
of
	th
e
	Boar
d
	is
	entrusted
	with
	the
	r
esponsibility
	for
	
de
veloping
	com
petency
	r
equirements
	for
	the
	Boar
d,
	
based
	on
	the
	industr
y
	and
	strategy
	of
	the
	Company
.
	
The
	Boa
rd
	comp
osition
	analysis
	r
eflects
	an
	in-depth
	
understanding
	of
	the
	Company
,
	including
	its
	strategies,
	
envir
onment,
	 operations,
	 financial
	 condition
	 and
	
compliance
	
requirements.
	 The 	 NRC
	 mak
es
	 r
ecommendations
	 to
	 the
	 Boar
d
	
r
egarding
	 the	 appointment
/re-appointment
	 of
	
Dir
ectors,
	and
	K
ey
	Managerial
	P
ersonnel
	(“KMP”)
	and
	
other
	members
	of
	the
	Senior
	Management.
	The
	r
ole
	
of
	the
	NRC
	enco
mpasses
	conducting
	a
	gap
	analysis
	
to
	r
efresh
	the
	Bo
ard
	periodically
,
	including
	each
	time
	a
	
Dir
ector’s
	
appointment
	
or
	
re-
	
appointment
	
is
	
required.
	 The 	 NRC
	 is
	 also
	 r
esponsible
	 for
	 r
eviewing
	 the
	
pr
ofiles
	of
	poten
tial
	candidates
	vis-à-vis
	the
	r
equired
	
competencies,
	 under
taking
	 r
eference,
	 and
	 due
	
diligence,
	 and
	 meeting
	 potenti
al
	 candidates
	 befor
e
	
making
	 r
ecommendations
	 of
	 their
	 nomination
	 to
	
the
	Boar
d.
	The
	appointee
	is
	also
	brief
ed
	 about
	the
	
specific
	r
equirements
	for
	the
	position
	including
	exper
t
	
knowledge
	
expected
	
at
	
the
	
time
	
of
	
appointment.
	 The 	Company
	has
	a
	Nomination
	and
	Remuneration
	
P
olicy
	 in
	 place
	 and
	 the
	 same
	 can
	 be
	 accessed
	 at
	
https://indianippon.com/policies/.
20.
 
AUDITORS
20.1
 Statutor
y Auditors
	 M/s 	 Deloitte
	 Haskins
	 &
	 Sells
	 LLP
,
	 Char
tered
	
Accountants,
	we
re
	appointed
	for
	a
	period
	of
	fiv
e
	y
ears
	
fr
om
	the
	conclusion
	of
	the
	32nd	Annual 	General 	Meeting 	
held
	on
	24th	A ugust, 	2017 	and 	wer e 	r e-appointed 	for 	
a
	secon
d
	term
	of
	5
	y
ears
	fr
om
	the
	conclusion
	of
	the
	
Annual
	General
	Meeting
	held
	on	21st	September , 	2022 	
until
	the
	conclusion
	of
	the
	Annu
al
	General
	Meeting
	to
	
be
	held
	in
	the
	y
ear
	2027.
	Based
	on
	the
	appr
oval
	of
	the
	
Shar
eholders
	at
	the
	A
GM
	held
	in
	2022,
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	
Dir
ectors
	had
	fix
ed
	a
	f
ee
	of
	`
	26
	Lakhs
	per
	annum
	plus
	
applicable
	tax
es
	and
	r
eimbursement
	of
	out-of-pock
et
	
expenses
	for
	the
	Statutor
y
	A
uditors
	for
	2
	y
ears
	fr
om
	
2022-23.
	
Further,
	the	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	at
	their
	meeting
	held
	on
	
6th	A ugust, 	2024 	had 	incr eased 	the 	f ee 	fr om 	` 	26 	Lakhs 	
to `
	30
	Lakhs
	per
	annum
	plus
	app
licable
	tax
es
	and
	
r
eimbursement
	of
	out-of-pock
et
	expenses
	for
	2
	y
ears
	
fr
om
	
2024-25.
	
	
The	 Statutor
y
	 A
uditors
	 ha
ve
	 issued
	 an
	 unmodified
	
opinion
	on
	the
	financial
	statements
	for
	the
	FY
	2024-
25.
	The
	Statuto
ry
	A
uditor’s
	r
eport
	does
	not
	contain
	
any
	 qua
lifications,
	 r
eservations,	 adv
erse
	 r
emarks
	 or
	
disclaimers,
	whic
h
	would
	be
	r
equired
	to
	be
	dealt
	with
	in
	
the
	
Boards’
	
Report.
20.2. Cost Auditors
	
Pursuant
	to	Section
	148(1)
	of
	the
	Act
	r
ead
	with
	Rule
	
3
	and
	5
	of
	the
	Companies
	(Cos
t
	Recor
ds
	and
	A
udit)
	
Rules,
	2014,
	the
	Company
	has
	maintained
	cost
	r
ecords
	
for
	FY
	2024-25.
	The
	Cost
	A
udit
	Repor
t
	for
	the
	FY
	2024-
	
25
	does	not
	con
tain
	any
	qualific
ation,
	r
eservation,
	or
	
adv
erse
	r
emark
	and
	the
	Repor
t
	has
	been
	filed
	with
	
MCA.
	Th
e
	Boar
d
	at
	its
	meeting
	held
	on
	30th	Ma y, 	2025, 	
appr
oved
	r
e-appointment
	of
	Mr
.
	K
	Sur
yanarayanan
	as
	
cost
	auditor
	for
	the
	FY
	2025-26	at
	a
	r
emuneration
	of
	 
`
	3.80
	La
khs.
	Th
e
	ratification
	of
	his
	r
emuneration
	shall
	
be
	included
	as
	an
	item
	in
	the
	Notice
	of
	the
	Annual
	
General
	 Meeting
	 as
	 r
equired
	 under
	 Section
	 148
	 (3)
	
of
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	2013
	r
ead
	with
	Rule
	14
	of
	the
	
Companies
	
(Audit
	
and
	
Auditors)
	
Rules,
	
2014.
20.3. Secretarial Auditors
	
Pursuant
	to	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	Section
	204
	of
	the
	Act
	
and
	the
	Compan
ies
	(Appointme
nt
	and
	Remuneration
	
of
	Mana
gerial
	P
ersonnel)
	Rules,
	2014,
	the
	Company
	
appointed
	 M/s
	 S.A.E.
	 &
	 Associates
	 LLP
,
	 Company
	
Secr
etaries
	 LLP
IN:
	 AAM-6181
	 (ICSI
	 Registration
	 no:
	
L2018TN004700),
	to
	carr
y
	out
	th
e
	Secr
etarial
	A
udit
	of
	
the
	
Company
	
for
	
FY
	
2024-25.
Boards’ Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 78 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
75
Annual Report 2024-25
	 The 	Repor t 	of 	the 	Secr etarial 	A uditor 	for 	the 	FY 	2024-25 	
is
	at
tached
	her
ewith
	as
	Annexur
e
	to
	this
	Repor
t.
	Ther
e
	
ar
e
	no
	qualificati
ons,
	obser
vations,
	adv
erse
	r
emarks,
	or
	
disclaimer
	
in
	
the
	
said
	
Report.
	 The 	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors,
	bas
ed
	on
	the
	r
ecommendation
	
of
	th
e
	A
udit
	Committee,
	ha
ve
	ap
pointed
	M/s.
	S.A.E.
	&
	
Associates
	LLP
,
	Practicing
	Company
	Secr
etaries
	as
	the
	
Secr
etarial
	A
uditors
	of
	the
	Company
	for
	a
	term
	of
	fiv
e
	
y
ears
	commencing
	fr
om
	the
	conclusion
	of
	40th	A GM 	
till
	the
	conclusion
	of
	45th		A GM 	(A udit 	period 	co vering 	
the
	 fina
ncial
	 y
ears
	 fr
om
	 2025-
26
	 to
	 2029-30)
	 and
	
as
	per
	Regulation
	24A
	of
	the
	Listing
	Regulations,
	the
	
appointment
	of
	the
	Secr
etarial
	A
uditor
	is
	subject
	to
	
appr
oval
	of
	the
	Shar
eholders
	of
	the
	Company
	in
	the
	
ensuing
	
Annual
	
General
	
Meeting.
	 M/s.
	S.A.E.
	&
	Associates
	LLP
	ha
ve
	confirmed
	that
	the
y
	
ar
e
	not
	disqualified
	to
	be
	appoin
ted
	as
	the
	Secr
etarial
	
A
uditors
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
	 As
	r
equired	b
y
	Schedule
	V
	of
	the
	Listing
	Regulations,
	
the
	 A
uditor’s
	 Cer
tificate
	 on
	 Corporate
	 Go
vernance
	
r
eceived
	fr
om
	M/s.
	S.A.E.
	&
	Associates
	LLP
	is
	annex
ed
	
to
	th
e
	Repor
t
	on
	Corporate
	Go
vernance
	forming
	par
t
	of
	
this
	
Annual
	
Report.
20.4. Internal Auditors
	
M/s.
	 R.G.N.
	 Price
	 &
	 Co.,
	 Internal
	 A
uditors
	 of
	 the
	
Company
	ha
ve
	carried
	out
	Internal
	A
udit
	for
	FY
	2024-
	
25.
	The
	r
eports
	and
	findings
	of
	th
e
	Internal
	A
uditors
	ar
e
	
periodically
	
reviewed
	
by
	
the
	
Audit
	
Committee.
	 Pursuant
	to	Section
	138
	of
	the
	Act
	r
ead
	with
	Rule
	13
	
of
	th
e
	Companies
	(Accounts)
	Rules,
	2014,
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	
Dir
ectors,
	based
	on
	the
	r
ecommendation
	of
	the
	A
udit
	
Committee,
	ha
ve
	r
e-
	appointed
	M/s.
	R.G.N.
	Price
	&
	Co.
	
as
	
Internal
	
Auditors
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
for
	
FY
	
2025-26.
21. 
 SEC
RETARIAL STANDARDS
	 The 	 Company
	 has
	 compli
ed	 with
	 all
	 the
	 applicable
	
pr
ovisions
	 of
	 Secr
etarial
	 Standar
ds
	 on
	 Meetings
	
of
	 Boar
d
	 of
	 Dir
ectors
	 (SS-1),
	 Secr
etarial
	 Standar
ds
	
on
	 General
	 Meetings
	 (SS-2)
	 issued
	 b
y
	 Institute
	 of
	
Company
	
Secretaries
	
of
	
India.
22. 
 UNCL
AIMED DIVIDEND
	 In
	terms
	of
	applicable
	pr
ovisions
	of
	the
	Act
	r
ead
	with
	
the
	Inv
estor
	E
ducation
	and
	Pr
otection
	F
und
	A
uthority
	
(Accounting,
	A
udit,
	T
ransfer
	and
	Refund)
	Rules,
	2016
	
(“IEPF
	Rules”),
	un
claimed
	dividend
	amounting
	to
	`
	8.66
	
Lakhs
	was
	transf
erred
	b
y
	the
	Company
	to
	the
	Inv
estor
	
E
ducation
	and
	Pr
otection
	F
und
	(“IEPF”),
	established
	b
y
	
the
	
Government
	
of
	
India,
	
during
	
the
	
year
	
under
	
review.
	
	
The	shar
es
	on
	which
	dividen
d
	has
	not
	been
	paid
	or
	
claimed
	b
y
	the
	Shar
eholder
	for
	se
ven
	consecutiv
e
	y
ears
	
or
	mor
e
	shall
	also
	be
	transf
erred
	to
	demat
	account
	
of
	th
e
	IEPF
	A
uthority.
	Accor
dingly,
	6576
	shar
es
	wer
e
	
transf
erred
	to
	the
	demat
	account
	of
	the
	IEPF
	A
uthority
	
during
	the
	y
ear
	under
	r
eview,
	in
	accor
dance
	with
	the
	
IEPF
	Rules,
	as
	th
e
	dividend(s)
	ha
s
	not
	been
	claimed
	b
y
	
the
	
Shareholders
	
for
	
7
	
consecutive
	
years
	
or
	
more.
	
	
The	Compa
ny
	had
	sent
	individual
	notices
	to
	all
	the
	
members
	whose
	dividends
	ar
e
	lying
	unpaid/
	unclaimed
	
against
	 their
	 na
me(s)
	 for
	 7
	 co
nsecutive
	 y
ears
	 and
	
followed
	 other
	 pr
ocedures
	 seeking
	 action
	 fr
om
	 the
	
members.
	The
	list
	of
	such
	members
	is
	displa
yed
	on
	the
	
website
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
23.   
 P
ARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS 
WITH RELATED PARTIES
	 All
	 contra
cts/arrangements/transactions
	 enter
ed
	
into
	b
y
	the
	Company
	during
	the	financial
	y
ear
	under
	
r
eview
	with
	r
elated
	par
ties
	(as
	defined
	in
	the
	Act
	and
	
Listing 	 Regulatio ns) 	 wer e 	 in 	 th e 	 or dinary 	 course 	 of 	
business
	and
	on
	an
	arm
’s
	leng
th
	basis.
	During
	the
	
y
ear,
	the
	Company
	did
	not
	ent
er
	into
	any
	contract/
	
arrangement/transaction
	 with
	 r
elated
	 par
ties
	 which
	
could
	be
	consider
ed
	as
	material
	in
	accor
dance
	with
	
the
	P
olicy
	of
	the	Company
	on
	Materiality
	of
	Related
	
P
arty
	T
ransaction
	(RPT
	P
olicy).
	F
orm
	A
OC-2
	pursuant
	
to
	S
ection
	134(3)(h)
	of
	the
	Act
	r
ead
	with
	Rule
	8(2)
	of
	
the
	Companies
	(Accounts)
	Rules,
	2014,
	is
	set
	out
	as
	
Annexur
e
	
to
	
this
	
Report.
	
	
The	details
	of
	the
	r
elated
	pa
rty
	transactions
	as
	per
	Ind
	
AS-24
	on
	Related
	P
arty
	Disclosur
es
	ar
e
	set
	out
	in
	the
	
financial
	
statements
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
24. 
 REL
ATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
	 All
	transact
ions
	with
	r
elated	par
ties
	during
	the
	 	FY
	
2024-25
	 wer
e
	 r
eviewed
	 and
	 ap
proved
	 b
y
	 the
	 A
udit
	
Committee
	and
	ar
e
	in
	accor
dance
	with
	the
	P
olicy
	on
	
dealing
	with
	materiality
	of
	Relate
d
	P
arty
	T
ransactions
	
and
	 the	 Related	 P
arty
	 F
ramework,
	 formulated
	 and
	
adopted
	b
y
	the
	Company
.
	Prior
	omnibus
	appr
oval
	of
	
the
	A
udit
	Committee
	is
	obtained
	on
	a
	y
early
	basis
	for
	
Boards’ Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 79 =====
76
India Nippon Electricals Limited
the	transactions 	which 	ar e 	of 	r epetitive 	natur e. 	The 	
transactions
	 enter
ed
	 into
	 pursuant
	 to
	 the
	 omnibus
	
appr
oval
	 so
	 gra
nted
	 ar
e
	 audit
ed
	 peridically
	 and
	 a
	
statement
	giving	details
	of
	all
	r
elated
	par
ty
	transactions
	
is
	placed
	befor
e
	the
	A
udit
	Committee
	for
	their
	r
eview/
	
appr
oval
	
on
	
a
	
quarterly
	
basis.
	 All
	contract
s/arrangements/transactions
	enter
ed
	into
	
b
y
	the
	Company
	during
	the
	y
ear
	under
	r
eview
	with
	
r
elated
	par
ties
	wer
e
	in
	the
	or
dinary
	course
	of
	business
	
and
	on
	arm
’s
	length
	basis
	in
	terms
	of
	pr
ovisions
	of
	the
	
Act.
	The
re
	ar
e
	no
	materially
	significant
	r
elated
	par
ty
	
transactions
	 that
	 ma
y
	 ha
ve
	 potential
	 conflict
	 with
	
inter
est
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
at
	
large.
	
	
The	Compa
ny’s
	P
olicy
	on
	de
aling
	with
	and
	materiality
	
of
	 r
elated
	 par
ty
	 transactions
	 was
	 amended
	 during
	
FY
	2024-25
	and
	the
	updated
	P
olicy
	is
	a
vailable
	on
	its
	
website
	
at
	
https://indianippon.com/policies/.
25.
  P
ARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR 
INVESTMENTS
	
U/S
	
186
	 The 	Compa
ny
	has
	not
	giv
en
	any
	loans
	or
	guarantee
	
as
	specified
	under
	Section
	186
	of
	the
	Companies
	Act
	
2013.
	The
	details
	of
	inv
estments
	ar
e
	giv
en
	in
	Note
	No.
	
8
	of
	Notes
	to
	Accounts
	for
	the
	FY
	2024-25.
	The
	same
	is
	
within
	th
e
	pr
escribed
	limits
	under	pr
ovisions
	of
	Section
	
186
	
of
	
the
	
Companies
	
Act
	
2013.
26.
	
	 VIGIL
	
MECHANISM
	
/
	
WHISTLE-BLOWER
	
POLICY
	 The 	Compa
ny
	belie
ves
	in
	th
e
	conduct
	of
	the
	affairs
	of
	
its
	constituents
	in
	a
	fair
	and
	transpar
ent
	manner
	b
y
	
adopting
	 the
	 highest
	 standar
ds
	 of
	 pr
ofessionalism,
	
honesty
,
	integrity	and
	ethical
	beha
vior.
	In
	line
	with
	the
	
policy
,
	 any
	 actu
al
	 or
	 potential
	 violation,
	 howsoe
ver
	
insignificant
	or
	per
ceived
	as
	such,
	would
	be
	a
	matter
	
of
	serious
	concern
	for
	the
	Company
.
	The
	r
ole
	of
	the
	
emplo
yees
	in
	pointing
	out
	such
	violations
	of
	the
	policy
	
of
	
the
	
Company,
	
cannot
	
be
	
undermined.
	 Pursuant
	to	Section
	177(9)
	of
	the
	Act,
	a
	vigil
	mechanism
	
was
	established
	for
	dir
ectors
	and
	emplo
yees
	to
	r
eport
	
to
	the
	managem
ent,
	instances
	of
	unethical
	beha
vior,
	
actual
	or
	suspected
	fraud
	or
	violation
	of
	the
	Company
’s
	
code
	of
	conduct
	or
	ethics
	policy
.
	The
	Vigil
	Mechanism
	
pr
ovides
	a
	mech
anism
	for
	emplo
yees
	of
	the
	Company
	
to
	ap
proach
	the
	Chairperson
	of
	th
e
	A
udit
	Committee
	of
	
the
	Company
	for
	r
edressal.
	No
	pe
rson
	has
	been
	denied
	
access 	to 	the 	Chairperson 	of 	the 	A udit 	Committee. 	
Details
	 of
	 the
	 Vigil
	 Mechanism	 and
	 Whistle
	 Blower
	
P
olicy
	is
	a
vailable
	at
	the
	link:
	http
s://indianippon.com/
policies/.
27.  
 PRE
VENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN 
AT WORKPLACE
	 The 	Compa
ny
	has
	adopted
	z
ero
	tolerance
	for
	sexual
	
harassment
	at
	the
	workplace
	and
	has
	formulated
	a
	
policy
	on
	pr
evention,
	pr
ohibition,
	and
	r
edressal
	of
	sexual
	
harassment
	at
	the
	workplace
	in
	line
	with
	the
	pr
ovisions
	
of
	th
e
	S
exual
	Harassment
	of
	W
omen
	at
	W
orkplace
	
(Pr
evention,
	Pr
ohibition
	and
	Redr
essal)
	Act,
	2013
	and
	
the
	rules
	made
	ther
eunder
	for
	pr
evention
	and
	r
edressal
	
of
	comp
laints
	of
	sexual
	harassment
	at
	workplace
	and
	
an
	In
ternal
	Complaints
	Committee
	has
	also
	been
	set
	up
	
to
	
redress
	
any
	
such
	
complaints
	
received.
	 The 	Compa
ny
	is
	committed	to
	pr
oviding
	a
	saf
e
	and
	
conduciv
e
	work
	envir
onment
	to	all
	of
	its
	emplo
yees
	
and
	associates.
	F
urther,
	the
	P
olicy
	also
	giv
es
	shelter
	to
	
contract
	work
ers,
	trainees,
	appr
entices
	of
	the
	Company
	
and
	
any
	
person
	
visiting
	
the
	
Company.
	 During
	the
	y
ear
	under
	r
eview,
	following
	is
	the
	status
	of
	
complaints
	
received
	
by
	
your
	
Company:
a)	 Number
	 of
	 complaints
	 of
	 sexual
	 harassment
	
r
eceived
	
in
	
the
	
year:
	
2
b)	 Number
	of
	complaints
	dispo
sed
	off
	during
	the
	
y
ear:
	
2
c)	 Number
	of
	cases
	pending
	for
	mor
e
	than
	ninety
	
da
ys:
	
0
	 The 	 Company
	 periodically
	 conducts
	 sessions
	 for
	
emplo
yees
	acr
oss
	the
	or
ganization
	to
	build
	awar
eness
	
about
	the
	P
olicy
	and
	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	the
	Pr
evention
	of
	
Sexual
	
Harassment
	
Act.
28.
	
	 MATERNITY
	
BENEFIT
	
ACT ,
	
1961
	 The 	 Compa
ny
	 has
	 compli
ed
	 with
	 the
	 pr
ovisions
	 of
	
Maternity
	
Benefit
	
Act,
	
1961.
29. 
 GENERAL
	
Your
	Dir
ectors
	state
	that
	no	disclosur
e
	or
	r
eporting
	is
	
r
equired
	in
	r
espect
	of
	the
	follow
ing
	matters
	as
	ther
e
	
wer
e
	no
	transactions
	on
	these
	items
	during
	the
	y
ear
	
under
	
review:
Boards’ Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 80 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
77
Annual Report 2024-25
a)		 There 	ar e 	no 	significant 	material 	or ders 	passed 	b y 	
the
	Regu
lators
	or
	Cour
ts
	or
	T
ribunal,
	which
	would
	
impact
	the
	going
	concern
	status
	of
	the
	Company
	
and
	 its
	 futur
e
	 operation.
	 How
ever,
	 Members
	
attention
	is
	draw
n
	to
	the
	Statement
	on
	contingent
	
liabilities
	and
	co
mmitments
	in
	th
e
	notes
	forming
	
par
t
	
of
	
the
	
Financial
	
Statements.
b)
	
	 No
	fraud
	ha
s
	been
	r
eported	b
y
	the
	A
uditors
	to
	the
	
A
udit
	
Committee
	
or
	
the
	
Board.
c)
	
	 There
	 has
	 been
	 no
	 change
	 in
	 the
	 natur
e
	 of
	
business
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
d)
	
	 No
	r
evision
	of
	Financial
	Stat
ements
	or
	the
	Boar
d’s
	
Repor
t
	
occurred
	
during
	
the
	
year.
e)
	
	 There
	wer
e
	no
	material
	changes
	and
	commitments	
aff
ecting
	 the
	 fina
ncial
	 position
	 of
	 the
	 Company	
which
	has
	occurr
ed
	between
	the
	end
	of
	the
	financia
l	
y
ear
	 of
	 the
	 Company
	 to
	 which
	 the
	 Financial	
S
tatements
	
relate
	
and
	
the
	
date
	
of
	
the
	
Report.
30. 
 CH
ANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL:
30.1. Changes in Share Capital:
	 During
	the
	financial
	y
ear
	202
4-25,
	ther
e
	was
	no
	change
	
in
	the
	authoriz
ed,
	issued,
	subscrib
ed,
	and
	paid-up
	shar
e
	
capital
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
30.2. Issue of E quity shares with differential rights
	 During
	the
	financial
	y
ear,
	th
e
	Company
	has
	not
	issued
	
any
	
equity
	
shares
	
with
	
differential
	
rights.
30.3. Issue of Sweat E quity Shares
	 During
	the
	financial
	y
ear,
	th
e
	Company
	has
	not
	issued
	
any
	
sweat
	
equity
	
shares.
30.4. Issue of Emplo yee Stock Options
	 During
	the
	financial
	y
ear,
	th
e
	Company
	has
	not
	issued
	
any
	
Shares
	
under
	
employee
	
stock
	
options.
30.5.	 Issue	of	shares	to	Trustees	for	benefit	of	employees
	
During
	the
	financial
	y
ear,
	th
e
	Company
	has
	not
	issued
	
any
	
shares
	
to
	
Trustees
	
for
	
the
	
benefit
	
of
	
employees.
30.6.  Issuance of any other securities which carries a right 
or option to convert into equity shares
	 During
	the
	financial
	y
ear,
	th
e
	Company
	has
	not
	issued
	
any
	securities
	which
	carr
y
	a
	right
	or
	option
	to
	conv
ert
	
such
	
securities
	
into
	
equity
	
shares.
31.
  THE
 DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR ANY 
PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE INSOLVENCY 
AND
	BANKRUPT
CY
	CODE,
	2016
	(31
	OF
	2016)
	DURING
	
THE YEAR 
 ALONG WITH THEIR STATUS AS AT THE 
END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR:
	 During
	the
	y
ear
	under
	r
eview,
	no
	application
	was
	made
	
nor
	any
	pr
oceedings
	ar
e
	pending	against
	the
	Company
	
under
	
the
	
Insolvency
	
and
	
Bankruptcy
	
Code,
	
2016.
32.  
 THE
 DETAILS OF DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AMOUNT OF 
THE VALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF ONE TIME 
SETTLEMENT AND THE VALUATION DONE WHILE 
TAKING LOAN FROM THE BANKS OR FINANCIAL 
INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH THE REASONS THEREOF :
	 There
	wer
e
	no
	such
	instan
ces
	during
	the
	y
ear
	under
	
r
eview.
33. 
 A
CKNOWLEDGMENTS
	 The 	Dir
ectors
	wish
	to
	conv
ey
	their
	deep
	appr
eciation
	to
	
all
	the
	emplo
yees,
	customers,
	v
endors,
	inv
estors,
	and
	
consultants/advisors
	of
	the
	Company
	for
	their
	sincer
e
	
and
	 dedicated
	 ser
vices
	 as
	 well
	 as
	 their
	 collectiv
e
	
contribution
	
to
	
the
	
Company’s
	
performance.
	 Your
	 Dir
ectors
	 acknowledg
e
	 the
	 continued
	 suppor
t
	
r
eceived
	fr
om
	L
ucas
	T
VS
	Limited,
	L
ucas
	Indian
	Ser
vice
	
Limited
	and
	also
	wish
	to
	thank	the
	Go
vernments
	at
	
the
	Center
	and
	in
	the
	States
	of
	T
amil
	Nadu,
	Har
yana
	
and
	Pud
ucherry
	and
	our
	Bank
ers
	for
	the
	assistance
	
r
endered
	
by
	
them
	
from
	
time
	
to
	
time.
Boards’ Report (Contd.)
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
T K Balaji
Place:
	
Chennai DIN:
	
00002010
Date:
	
13th	August,	2025 Chairman
===== PAGE 81 =====
78
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Annexure to Boards’ Report
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY AND ABSORPTION 
AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
[Pursuant	to 	S ection 	134( 3)(m) 	of 	the 	Companies 	Act, 	2013 	( “the 	Act”) 	r ead 	with 	Rule 	8( 3) 	of 	the 	Companies 	( Accounts) 	Rules, 	2014]
1. Con servation of Energy:
 a)
  The r
esults of energy conservation measures 
taken up during the year under review are:
	 	 	The
	 power
	 consumed
	 per
	 Standar
d
	 Unit
	 of
	
Pr
oduction
	is
	being
	monitor
ed
	as
	a
	par
t
	of
	ener
gy
	
conser
vation measures and achieved the targeted 
level
	of
	0.58
	EU
	b
y
	implementing
	v
arious
	activities
	
as
	
follows:
1.	 Converted
	 the
	 existing
	 single-tier
	 r
otor
	
curing
	o
ven
	with	two-tier
	curing	system
	to
	
r
educe
	the
	powe
r
	consumption
	fr
om
	90
	kW
	
to
	45
	KW
	per
	tier
,
	r
esulting
	in
	annual
	ener
gy
	
sa
vings
	
of
	
96,768
	
units.
2.	 100 	T
on
	ca
pacity
	hy
draulic
	pr
ess
	cir
culation
	
water
	pump
	capacity
	optimiz
ed
	b
y
	r
eplacing
	
the
	old
	3.00
	HP
	Monoblock
	pump
	with
	1.00
	
HP
	high
	pr
essure
	pump
	and
	achie
ved
	11,000
	
kwh
	
savings
	
per
	
annum.
3.	 Introduced
	an
	auto
	sleep
	timer
	for
	hy
draulic
	
pr
esses
	and
	br
oaching
	machines
	to
	r
educe
	
ener
gy
	 consum
ption
	 b
y
	 11,070
	 units
	
annually
.
4.	 The 	age
	old	conv
entional
	co
ld
	storage
	facility
	
has
	 bee
n
	 r
eplaced
	 with
	 new
	 50mm
	 thick
	
double
	insulated	wall
	panels
	co
ld
	r
oom
	to
	
conser
ve
	
around
	
7,550
	
kwh/year.
5.	 Replaced
	 th
e
	 existing
	 galv
alume
	 r
oof
	
sheets
	with
	30m
m
	thick
	puff
	insulated
	r
oof
	
panels
	along
	with
	poly
	carbonat
e
	sheets
	to
	
a
vail
	nat
ural
	ligh
t
	in
	the
	FWM
	shop
	floor
	to
	
conser
ve
	
around
	
5,050
	
units
	
per
	
annum.
6.	 Implemented
	 an
	 adv
anced
	 online
	 ener
gy
	
monitoring
	 syst
em
	 to
	 track
	 and
	 manage
	
non-v
alue-added
	activities
	and
	optimiz
e
	the
	
o
verall
	
energy
	
usage.
	
 b)
 F
uture plans for energy conservation
	 	 	The
	 Company
	 is
	 aiming
	 at
	 gr
eater
	 ener
gy
	
conser
vation
	b
y
	implementing
	v
arious
	measur
es
	
lik
e
•	 Replacing 	the 	existing 	water-based 	cooling 	
tower
	with
	new
	dr
y
	type
	coolin
g
	tower
	for
	
hy
draulic
	 oil
	 cooling
	 purpose
	 in
	 Riv
eting
	
pr
esses
•	 Introducing 	a
	new
	heat
	pum
p
	technology
	for
	
bin
	
washing
	
machines
•	 Providing
	 Electr
onically
	 Commutated
	 (EC
)
	
fans
	for
	the
	SM
T
	HV
AC
	system
	to
	conser
ve
	
ener
gy
•	 Introducing 	 1.30
	 MW
	 Solar
	 power
	 supply
	
under
	 Gr
oup
	 ca
ptive
	 system
	 to
	 enhance
	
r
enewable
	
energy
	
consumption
2.
 T
echnology absorption, adaptation and innovation
	 	The	 y
ear
	 2024-25
	 has
	 be
en
	 a
	 y
ear
	 of
	 significant
	
de
velopments
	
at
	
INEL,
	
both
	
for
	
ICE
	
&
	
EV
	
applications.
	
 ICE
 Applications
•	 New Starter Generator System: This
	de
velopment
	
for
	a
	major
	OEM,
	r
equiring
	about
	50%
	mor
e
	output
	
compar
ed
	to
	co
nventional
	systems
	in
	the
	same
	
categor
y.
	W
e
	wer
e
	able
	to
	meet
	the
	challenge
	
b
y
	application
	of
	INEL
’s
	patented
	technologies.
	
The
	syst
em
	is
	under
	v
ehicle
	v
alidation
	trials
	and
	
expected
	to
	go
	for
	mass
	pr
oduction
	in
	the
	coming
	
months.
	
•	 High
	 E
fficiency
	 System:
	IN
EL
	has
	been
	activ
ely
	
pr
omoting
	 intr
oduction
	 of
	 its
	 patented
	 system
	
for
	two
	/
	thr
ee-wheeler
	applicat
ions.
	OEMs
	ha
ve
	
now
	sho
wn
	k
een	inter
est
	r
ecently
	as
	the
	system
	
eliminates
	need
	for
	rar
e
	ear
th
	magnet
	usage
	in
	
high
	 po
wer
	 app
lications.
	 The
	 system
	 is
	 under
	
v
ehicle
	v
alidation
	trials
	in
	two
	applications,
	and
	
it’
s
	slated
	for
	mass
	pr
oduction
	b
y
	Q4
	of
	2025.
	
W
e
	ar
e
	also
	pursuing
	de
velopment
	for
	low
	power
	
applications
	as
	a
	V
A/VE
	idea.
	T
wo	applications
	ar
e
	
under
	
development.
	
EV A
pplications
•	 We
	 ha
ve
	 expanded
	 ou
r
	 DC-DC
	 conv
erter
	
off
ering
	b
y
	addi
ng
	new
	v
ariants	with
	enhanced
	
per
formance
	
and
	
range
	
===== PAGE 82 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
79
Annual Report 2024-25
•	 Motor 	& 	Contr oller: 	W e 	ha ve 	completed 	in-house 	
v
alidation
	&
	v
ehicle
	trials
	of
	a
	3KW
	f
errite-based
	
motor
	(p
atent
	pe
nding)
	and
	a
	matching
	contr
oller.
	
W
e
	ar
e
	pr
ogressing
	application
	de
velopment
	with
	
f
ew
	OEMs
	and
	ar
e
	in
	the
	pr
ocess
	of
	establishing
	
facilities
	
for
	
mass
	
production
	
 
Sensors: 
•	 Applicable
	 for
	 both
	 ICE
	 &
	 EV	 applications,
	 we
	
continue
	to
	exp
and
	our
	por
tfolio
	of
	sensors
	for
	
diff
erent
	 applications.
	 The
	 range
	 now
	 includes
	
TPMS,
	 RP
AS,
	 mid
	 pr
essure
	 sensors
	 amongst
	
others
•	
Liquid
	 Le
vel
	 Sensing:
	 The
	 pr
oduct
	 which
	 was
	
under
	de
velopment
	for
	the
	past
	f
ew
	y
ears
	went
	into
	
mass
	pr
oduction.
	W
e
	ar
e
	pr
oud
	to
	announce
	that
	
we
	won
	the
	pr
estigious
	“
Innovation Award”
	fr
om
	a
	
USA
	based
	OEM
	for
	the
	design,
	de
velopment
	and
	
intr
oduction
	
of
	
the
	
product
 Software: 
•	 We
	ha
ve
	up
graded
	the
	softwar
e
	for
	CAN-based
	
field
	pr
ograming
	of
	INEL
	contr
ollers
	to
	suppor
t
	
softwar
e
	 updates
	 and
	 diagnostics,
	 in
	 line
	 with
	
automotiv
e standards
Expenditure on R&D ` In Lakhs
Capital 585
Revenue 2,311
Total 2,896
%
	
on
	
Net
	
turnover 3.45%
3.
 F
oreign exchange outgo and earnings:
 Expor
t activities:
Exports
	 during
	 the
	 y
ear
	 ended
	 31st	 Mar ch, 	 2025 	
amounted 
to `
	3,
363
	Lakhs
	as
	against
	`
	3,578
	Lakhs
	of
	
the
	
previous
	
year.
 T
otal foreign exchange used and earned:
The foreign exchange outgo and earnings of the 
Company
	for
	the
	period
	under
	r
eview
	wer
e
	`
	6,777.46
	
Lakhs
	
and
	`
	
2,749.84
	
Lakhs
	
respectively.
Annexure to Boards’ Report (Contd.)
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
T K Balaji
Place:
	
Chennai DIN:
	
00002010
Date:
	
13th	August,	2025 Chairman
===== PAGE 83 =====
80
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Annexure to Boards’ Report
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
A.  
 Dis
closure with respect to the remuneration of Directors and employees as required under Section 197 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and Rule 5 of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is as 
follows:
1 The 	ratio	of 	the 	r emuneration 	of 	each 	Dir ector 	to 	the 	median 	r emuneration 	of 	the 	emplo yees 	of 	the 	Company 	and 	the 	
per
centage
	incr
ease
	in
	r
emuneration
	of
	each
	Dir
ector,
	Chief
	Ex
ecutive
	Officer
,
	Chief
	Financial
	Officer
	and
	Company
	
Secr
etary
	
for
	
the
	
financial
	
year
	
2024-25:
S 
No
Name of the Director/KMP Designation % increase or 
decrease in 
remuneration
Ratio to median 
remuneration
1. Mr.
	
T.K.
	
Balaji Non-Executive
	
Chairman 19.40 1:1.21
2. Mr.
	
Arvind
	
Balaji Managing
	
Director 25.27 1:57.97
3. Mrs.
	
Priyamvada
	
Balaji Non-Executive
	
Director 44.74 1:1.66
4. Mr.
	
Anant
	
Talaulicar Independent
	
Director 63.93 1:3.02
5. Mr.
	
Heramb
	
Hajarnavis Independent
	
Director 29.31 1:2.26
6. Mrs.
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti Independent
	
Director 46.79 1:2.41
7. Mr.
	
Elango
	
Srinivasan Chief
	
Financial
	
Officer 8.50 1:12.56
8. Mrs.
	
S
	
Logitha* Company
	
Secretary - -
2.	 Percentage 	
increase
	
in
	
Median
	
Remuneration
	
of
	
employees:	
8.98%
3.	 a)	 Average
	
percentile
	
increase
	
in
	
the
	
salaries
	
of
	
employees
	
other
	
than
	
managerial
	
personnel:-6.02%
	 b)
	
	 Percentile
	
increase
	
in
	
managerial
	
remuneration:
	
15.95%
	 c)
	
	 	Ther
e
	has
	been
	an
	inc
rease
	in
	managerial
	r
emuneration
	in
	line
	with
	the
	o
verall
	per
formance
	of
	the
	Company
	
and
	
in
	
line
	
with
	
industry
	
standards
	
to
	
attract
	
and
	
retain
	
the
	
best
	
talent
4.	 The 	
total
	
number
	
of
	
permanent
	
employees
	
on	
the	
rolls
	
of
	
the	
Company
	
as
	
on	
31st	March	 2025: 	 2315.	
Remuneration
	of
	Managerial
	P
ersonnel
	is
	determined
	b
y
	the
	Nomin
ation
	and
	Remuneration
	Committee
	and
	the
	Boar
d
	
as
	
per
	
the
	
performance
	
criteria
	
which
	
includes
	
achievements
	
of
	
individual
	
as
	
well
	
as
	
the
	
Company’s
	
performance.
6.	 It
	
is
	
hereby
	
affirmed
	
that
	
the	
remuneration
	
paid
	
during
	
the
	
year
	
is
	
as
	
per
	
the
	
remuneration
	
policy
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
* Note: Remuneration
	
for
	
Mrs.
	
S
	
Logitha,
	
Company
	
Secretary
	
is
	
being
	
paid
	
by
	
the
	
Holding
	
Company.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
T K Balaji
Place:
	
Chennai DIN:
	
00002010
Date:
	
13th	August,	2025 Chairman
===== PAGE 84 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
81
Annual Report 2024-25
CERTIFICATE OF MD / CFO
(Pursuant
	
to
	
Regulation
	
17(8)
	
read
	
with
	
Part
	
B
	
of
	
Schedule
	
II
	
and
	
Regulation
	
33
	
of
	
SEBI
	
(Listing
	
Obligations
	
and
	
Disclosure
	
Requir
ements)
	
Regulations,
	
2015
The
	
Board
	
of
	
Directors
India
	
Nippon
	
Electricals
	
Limited
No.
	
11
	
&13,
	
Patullos
	
Road
Chennai
	
–
	
600
	
002
We
	
hereby
	cer
tify
	that,
	
for
	the
	
financial
	
year
	
ended
	31st	Mar ch, 	 2025, 	on 	 the 	 basis 	 of 	 the 	 review 	 of 	 the 	 financial 	statement s 	and 	
the
	
cash
	
flow
	
statement
	
and
	
to
	
the
	
best
	
of
	
our
	
knowledge
	
and
	
belief
	
that:
1.	 These
	statements
	do
	not
	contain
	any
	materially
	untrue
	state
ment
	or
	omit
	any
	material
	fact
	or
	contain
	statements
	that
	
might
	
be
	
misleading.
2.	 These
	statements
	together
	pr
esent
	a
	true
	and
	fair
	view
	of
	the	Company
’s
	affairs
	and
	ar
e
	in
	compliance
	with
	existing
	
accounting
	
standards,
	
applicable
	
laws
	
and
	
regulations.
3.	 There
	ar
e,
	to	the
	best
	of
	our
	knowledge
	and
	belief,
	no
	transac
tions
	enter
ed
	into
	b
y
	the
	Company
	during
	the
	y
ear
	which
	ar
e
	
fraudulent,
	
illegal
	
or
	
in
	
violation
	
of
	
the
	
Company’s
	
Code
	
of
	
Conduct.
4.	 	
We
	
accept
	r
esponsibility
	
for	
establishing
	
and
	
maintaining
	
internal
	
controls
	
for
	
financial
	
reporting.
5.	 We
	
have
	
evaluated
	
the
	
effectiveness
	
of
	
the
	
internal
	
control
	
systems
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
pertaining
	
to
	
financial
	
reporting.
6.	 We
	ha
ve
	disclosed
	to
	the
	A
uditors
	and
	the
	A
udit
	Committee,
	deficiencies,
	of
	which
	we
	ar
e
	awar
e,
	in
	the
	design
	or
	operation
	
of
	
the
	
internal
	
control
	
systems.
	
7.	
We
	
have
	
taken
	
the
	
required
	steps
	
to
	
rectify
	
these
	
internal
	
control
	
deficiencies.
	
8.	
We
	
further
	
certify
	
that:
a)	 There
	
have
	
been
	
no
	
significant
	
changes
	
in
	
internal
	
control
	
during
	
the
	
year;
b)	 There
	
have
	
been
	
no
	
significant
	
changes
	
in
	
accounting
	
policies
	
during
	
the
	
year;
c)	 There
	ha
ve
	been
	no
	instanc
es
	of
	significant
	fraud
	of
	which
	we
	ha
ve
	become
	awar
e
	and
	the
	inv
olvement
	ther
ein,
	
of
	mana
gement
	or
	an
	emplo
yee	ha
ving
	a
	significant
	r
ole
	in
	the
	Company
’s
	internal
	contr
ol
	systems
	o
ver
	financial
	
r
eporting.
Elango Srinivasan Arvind Balaji
Chief
	
Financial
	
Officer Managing
	
Director
DIN:
	
00557711
Place:
	
Chennai
Date:
	
30th	May,	2025
Annexure to Boards’ Report
===== PAGE 85 =====
82
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Annexure to Boards Report: FORM NO. AOC.1
STATEMENT CONTAINING SALIENT FEATURES OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT 
OF SUBSIDIARIES/ASSOCIATE COMPANIES/JOINT VENTURES
(Pursuant
	
to
	
first
	
proviso
	
to
	
sub
	
section
	
(3)
	
of
	
Section
	
129
	
read
	 
with
	
Rule
	
5
	
of
	
Companies
	
(Accounts)
	
Rules,
	
2014)
Part “A”: Subsidiaries
1. Name 	 of 	 the 	 Subsidiary PT 	 Automotive 	 Systems 	 Indonesia
2. Reporting
	
period 1st
	
April
	
2024
	
to
	
31st
	
March,
	
2025
3. The
	
date
	
since
	
when
	
the
	
Subsidiary
	
was
	
acquired 1st
	
July,
	
2006
4. Reporting
	
currency
	
and
	
Exchange
	
rate
	
as
	
on
	
the
	
last
	
date
	
of
	
the
	
relevant
	
financial
	
year
	
in
	
the
	
case
	
of
	
foreign
	
subsidiaries
Curr
ency:
	
IDR
Exchange
	
rate:
	
₹
1
	
=
	
IDR
	
189.94
	
(Balance
	
Sheet)
₹
1
	
=
	
IDR
	
189.60
	
(Profit
	
and
	
Loss)
Amount in Indonesian 
Rupiah
Equivalent amount in 
Indian Rupees
As on 31st March, 2025
5. Share
	
Capital 24,694,328,700 120,838,266
6. Reserves
	
and
	
Surplus 16,42,21,40,455 7,72,87,211
7. Total
	
Assets 8,339,570,245 43,905,805
8. Total
	
Liabilities 8,339,570,245 43,905,805
9. Investments -NIL- -NIL-
10. Turnover -NIL- -NIL-
11. Profit
	
before
	
taxation 4
	
77,351,281 2,517,669
12. Provision
	
for
	
taxation -NIL- -NIL-
13. Profit
	
after
	
taxation 4
	
77,351,281 2,517,669
14. Proposed
	
Dividend -NIL- -NIL-
15. Extent
	
of
	
shareholding
	
(in
	
percentage) 99.97%
The
	Sub
sidiary
	Company
	has
	successfully
	completed
	the
	winding-up
	pr
ocess,
	and
	the
	liquidation
	pr
oceeds
	wer
e
	r
eceived
	
on
	24th	June, 	2025. 	The 	Compan y 	is 	cu rrently 	awaiting 	confirmation 	fr om 	the 	r elevant 	Indonesian 	authorities 	r egarding 	the 	
r
emoval
	
of
	
the
	
Subsidiary’s
	
name
	
from
	
the
	
Register
	
of
	
Companies.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
T K Balaji Arvind Balaji
Chairman Managing
	
Director
DIN:
	
00002010 DIN:
	
00557711
Elango Srinivasan S. Logitha
Chief
	
Financial
	
Officer Company
	
Secretary
Membership
	
No.
	
A29260
Place:
	
Chennai
Date:
	
30th	May	2025
===== PAGE 86 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
83
Annual Report 2024-25
Annexure to Boards’ Report
FORM AOC - 2
[Pursuant
	
to
	
Section
	
134(3)(h)
	
of
	
Companies
	
Act,
	
2013
	
(“the
	
Act”)
	 
r
ead
	
with
	
Rule
	
8(2)
	
of
	
Companies
	
(Accounts)
	
Rules,
	
2014]
Form
	for
	disclosur
e
	of
	par
ticulars
	of
	contracts/arrangements
	en
tered
	into
	b
y
	the
	Company
	with
	r
elated
	par
ties
	r
eferred
	to
	
in
	sub
	section
	(1)
	of
	Section
	188	of
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	2013
	inc
luding
	cer
tain
	arm
’s
	length
	transaction
	under
	thir
d
	pr
oviso
	
ther
eto.
DISCLOSURE OF PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS/ ARRANGEMENTS ENTERED INTO BY THE COMPANY WITH RELATED 
PARTIES
1.
 Details of contracts or arran
gements or transactions not at arm’s length basis: Not
	
Applicable
2.
 Details of material contract
s or arrangements or transactions at arm’s length basis:
a.	 Name 	of	the	 related 	 party 	 and 	 nature 	 of 	 relationship 	
Not
	
Applicable
b.	 Nature
	
of
	
the
	
contracts/arrangements/transactions
c.	 Duration
	
of
	the
	
contracts/arrangements/transactions
d.	 Salient
	
terms
	
of
	
the
	
contracts
	
/
	
arrangements
	
/transactions
	including
	
the
	
value,
	
if
	
any
e.	 Date(s)
	
of
	
approval
	
by
	
the
	
Board,
	
if
	
any
f.	 Amount
	
paid
	
as
	
advances,
	
if
	
any
	 	During
	the
	financial
	y
ear
	2024-25,
	all
	r
elated
	par
ty
	transactio
ns
	enter
ed
	into
	b
y
	the
	Company
	wer
e
	in
	the
	or
dinary
	course
	
of
	
business
	
and
	
on
	
an
	
arm’s
	
length
	
basis
	
and
	
were
	
approved
	
by
	
the
	
Audit
	
Committee
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
T K Balaji
Place:
	
Chennai DIN:
	
00002010
Date:
	
13th	August	2025 Chairman
===== PAGE 87 =====
84
India Nippon Electricals Limited
DECLARATION REGARDING COMPLIANCE BY BOARD MEMBERS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL
To 
The
	
Shareholders
	
of
	
India
	
Nippon
	
Electricals
	
Limited, 
Chennai
On
	th
e
	basis
	of
	th
e
	written
	declara
tions
	r
eceived
	fr
om
	members
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	and
	Senior
	Management
	P
ersonnel
	in
	terms
	of
	the
	
r
elevant
	pr
ovisions
	of
	SEBI
	(Listing
	Obligations
	and
	Disclosur
e
	Requir
ements)
	Regulations,
	2015,
	it
	is
	her
eby
	cer
tified
	that
	both
	
the
	members
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	and
	S
enior
	Management
	P
ersonnel
	of
	the
	Company
	ha
ve
	affirmed
	compliance
	with
	the
	r
espective
	
pr
ovisions
	
of
	
the
	
Code
	
of
	
Conduct
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
as
	
laid
	
down
	
by
	
the
	
Board
	
for
	
the
	
year
	
ended
	
31st	March,	2025.
Ar
vind Balaji
Place:
	
Chennai Managing
	
Director
Date:
	
13th	August	2025 DIN: 	 00557711
Annexure to Boards’ Report
===== PAGE 88 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
85
Annual Report 2024-25
Annexure to Boards’ Report
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ACTIVITIES FOR FINANCIAL YEAR 2024-25
[Pursuant
	
to
	
Section
	
135
	
of
	
the
	
Companies
	
Act,
	
2013
	
read
	
with
	
Rule
	
8
	
of
	
the
	
Companies
	 
(Corporate
	
Social
	
Responsibility
	
Policy)
	
Rules,
	
2014]
1.
 Brief Outlin
e on CSR Policy of the Company:
	 	Corporate
	 S
ocial
	 Responsi
bility
	 has
	 been
	 embedded
	 into	 the	 business
	 model
	 of
	 the
	 Company
.
	 As
	 a
	 r
esponsible
	
or
ganization,
	the	Company
	compr
ehends
	the
	need
	for
	pr
omoting	education,
	health
	&
	sanitation,
	and
	suppor
ting
	childr
en
	
fr
om
	
lower
	
socio-economic
	
sections
	
of
	
society.
	 	During
	the
	y
ear,
	the
	Company
’s
	CSR
	activities
	ar
e
	focused
	on	the
	immediate
	vicinity
	of
	its
	locations
	wher
e
	the
	Company
’s
	
operations
	ar
e
	situated,
	ensuring	that
	the
	majority
	of
	CSR
	funds
	ar
e
	spent
	on
	activities
	addr
essing
	the
	needs
	of
	the
	local
	
community
.
2.
 Com
position of the CSR Committee:
SI. 
No.
Name of the Director Designation / Nature of 
Directorship
Number of meetings of 
CSR Committee held 
during the year
Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee 
attended during the year
1. Mrs.
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti Independent
	
Director 4 4
2. Mr.
	
Arvind
	
Balaji Managing
	
Director 4 4
3. Mrs.
	
Priyamvada
	
Balaji Non-Executive
	
Director 4 4
Mrs.
	
S.
	
Logitha,
	
Company
	
Secretary
	
acts
	
as
	
Secretary
	
to
	
the
	
CSR
	
Committee.
3.  
 The web-links 
where the Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are 
disclosed on the website of the Company:
The
	CSR
	P
olicy
	of
	the
	Company	and
	the
	details
	of
	composition	of
	the
	CSR
	Committee
	and
	Pr
ojects
	ar
e
	disclosed
	at
	
https://indianippon.com/policies/
4.
  The ex
ecutive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of sub 
rule (3) of Rule 8: Not applicable
5.	 (a)
	
	 Average
	
net
	
profit
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
as
	
per
	
Section
	
135(5):
	
`
	
53,11,50,000
	 (b)
		
Two
	
percent
	
of
	
the
	
average
	
net
	
profit
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	as
	
per
	
section
	
135(5): `
	
1,06,23,000
	 (c)
	
	 Surplus
	
arising
	
out
	
of
	
the
	
CSR
	
projects
	
or
	
programs
	
or	
activities
	
of
	
the
	
previous
	
financial
	
years:
	
Nil
	 (d)	 Amount
	
required
	
to
	
be	
set
	
off
	
for
	
the
	
financial
	
year,
	
if
	
any:
	
`
	
11,563
	 (e)
	
	 Total
	
CSR
	
obligation
	
for
	
the
	
financial
	
year
	
[(b)+(c)-(d)]:
	
`
	
1,06,11,437
6.	 (a)
	
	 Amount
	
spent
	
on
	
CSR
	
Projects
	
(both
	
Ongoing
	
Project
	
and
	
other
	
than
	
Ongoing
	
Project): `
	
1,15,09,492
 (b)  A
mount spent in Administrative Overheads: Nil
 (c) 
 A
mount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Not
	
applicable
 (d)
		
Total
	
amount
	
spent
	
for
	
the
	
financial
	
year
	
[(a)+(b)+(c)]:	
`
	
1,15,09,492
 
===== PAGE 89 =====
86
India Nippon Electricals Limited
 (e)  CSR am ount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
Total Amount 
Spent for the 
Financial Year  
(in `)
Amount Unspent (in `)
Total amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR
	
Account
	
as
	
per
	
sub
	
section
	
(6)
	
of Section 135
A
mount
	
transferred
	
to
	
any
	
fund
	
specified
	
under
	
Schedule VII as per second pr
oviso to Section 135(5)
Amount Date of transfer Name of the Fund Amount Date of Transfer
1,15,09,492 Nil
 f
)
 Ex
cess amount for set off, if any:
Sl. 
No.
Particulars Amount (in `)
(i) Two
	
percent
	
of
	
average
	
net
	
profit
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
as
	
per
	
Section
	
135(5) 1,06,23,000
(ii) Total
	amount
	spent
	for
	the
	Financial
	Y
ear
	(including
	amount
	of
	`
	11,563/-
	spent
	in
	
the
	
previous
	
financial
	
year) 1,15,21,055
(iii) Excess
	
amount
	
spent
	
for
	
the
	
financial
	
year
	
[(ii)-(i)] 8,98,055
(iv) Surplus
	
arising
	
out
	
of
	
the
	
CSR
	
projects
	
or
	
programs
	
or
	
activities
	
of
	
the
	
previous
	
financial
	
years,
	
if
	
any Nil
(v) Amount
	
available
	
for
	
set
	
off
	
in
	
succeeding
	
financial
	
years
	
[(iii)-(iv)] 8,98,055
7.
 Details of Unspent Corpora
te Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Years:
S  
No
Preceding 
Financial 
Year(s)
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR Account 
under sub- 
section
	
(6)
	
of
	
Section 135 
(in `
)
Balance 
Amount in 
Unspent 
CSR Account 
under sub- 
section
	
(6)
	
of
	
section 135 
(in `
)
Amount 
Spent in the 
Financial Year 
(in `)
Amount transferred to a fund 
as
	
specified
	
under
	
Schedule
	
VII as per second pr
oviso to 
sub-section (5) of Section 
135 of the Act, if any
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
Financial 
Years  
(` in Crores)
Deficiency, 	 if 	
any
A
mount  
(` in Crores)
Date of 
transfer
Nil
8.  Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the 
Financial Year: No
9.	 	Spe
cify
	the
	r
eason(s),
	if
	the
	Company
	has
	failed
	to
	spend
	two
	per
	cent
	of
	the
	a
verage
	net
	pr
ofit
	as
	per
	sub-
	section
	(5)
	
of Section 135: 
Not
	
applicable
Arvind Balaji Gangapriya Chakraverti
Managing
	
Director
	
&
	
Member
DIN:
	
00557711
Independent
	
Director
	
&
	
Chairperson
	
of
	
the
	
Committee
DIN:
	
00378385
Place:
	
Chennai
Date:
	
13th	August	2025
Annexure to Boards’ Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 90 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
87
Annual Report 2024-25
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS 
(PURSUANT TO REGULATION 34(3) AND SCHEDULE V PARA C CLAUSE (10)(I) OF THE SEBI 
(LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015)
To
The
	
Members,
INDIA NIPPON ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
No.
	
11
	
&
	
13,
	
(Old
	
No.
	
6
	
&
	
7)
	
Patullos
	
Road,
Chennai
	
-
	
600002.
We
	ha
ve
	examin
ed
	the
	r
elevant
	r
egisters,
	r
ecords,
	forms,
	r
eturns
	and
	disclosur
es
	r
eceived
	fr
om
	the
	Dir
ectors
	of
	India
	Nippon
	
Electricals
	Limited
	ha
ving
	CIN
	L31901TN1984PL
C011021
	and
	r
egistered
	office
	at
	No.
	11
	&
	13,
	(Old
	No.
	6
	&
	7)
	P
atullos
	Road,
	
Chennai
	-
	60000
2
	(her
einafter
	r
eferred
	to
	as
	‘the
	Company
’),
	pr
oduced
	befor
e
	us
	b
y
	the
	Company
	for
	the
	purpose
	of
	issuing
	
this
	Cer
tificate,
	in
	accor
dance
	with
	Regulation
	34(3)
	r
ead
	with
	Schedule
	V
	P
ara-C
	Sub
	clause
	10(i)
	of
	the
	Securities
	Ex
change
	
Boar
d
	
of
	
India
	
(Listing
	
Obligations
	
and
	
Disclosure
	
Requirements)
	
Regulations,
	
2015.
In
	our
	opinion
	an
d
	to
	the
	best
	of
	our
	information
	and
	accor
ding
	to	the
	v
erifications
	(including
	Dir
ectors
	Identification
	Number
	
(DIN)
	status
	at
	the
	por
tal
	www
.mca.gov.in)
	as
	consider
ed
	necess
ary
	and
	explanations
	furnished
	to
	us
	b
y
	the
	Company
	&
	its
	
officers,
	we
	her
eby
	cer
tify
	that
	none
	of
	the
	Dir
ectors
	on
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	the
	Company
	as
	stated
	below
	as
	on
	the
	financial
	y
ear
	
ended 
31st		Mar ch, 	2025 	ha ve 	bee n 	debarr ed	or 	disqualified 	fr om 	being 	appointed 	or 	continuing 	as 	Dir ectors 	of 	Company 	b y 	the 	
Securities
	
and
	
Exchange
	
Board
	
of
	
India,
	
Ministry
	
of
	
Corporate
	
Affairs,
	
or
	
any
	
such
	
other
	
Statutory
	
Authority.
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director DIN Date of appointment   
in the Company
1 Mr.
	
Tirumala
	
Kumara
	
Balaji 00002010 28th	July,	1986
2 Mr
.
	
Arvind
	
Balaji 00557711 25th	October,	2008
3 Ms.
	
Thirumalaikumarabalaji
	
Priyamvada 00730712 29th	January,	2018
4 Mr
.
	
Anant
	
Jaivant
	
Talaulicar 00031051 6th	April,	2019
5 Ms.
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti 00378385 10th	August,	2022
6 Mr
.
	
Heramb
	
Ravindra
	
Hajarnavis 01680435 10th	August,	2022
Ensuring
	the
	elig
ibility
	for
	the
	app
ointment
	/
	continuity
	of
	e
very
	Dir
ector
	on
	the
	Boar
d
	is
	the
	r
esponsibility
	of
	the
	management
	
of
	the
	Company
.
	Our
	r
esponsibility
	is
	to
	expr
ess
	an
	opinion
	based
	on
	our
	v
erification
	of
	the
	r
ecords
	and
	disclosur
es.
		This
	
cer
tificate
	is
	neither
	an
	assurance
	as
	to
	the
	futur
e
	viability
	of
	the
	Company
	nor
	of
	the
	efficiency
	or
	eff
ectiveness
	with
	which
	the
	
management
	
has
	
conducted
	
the
	
affairs
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
	
F
or S.A.E. & Associates LLP
Company
	
Secretaries
Sri Vidhya Kumar, Partner
FCS.
	
No.
	
11114,
	
C.P.
	
NO.
	
20181
FRN:
	
L2018TN004700
Place:
	
Chennai Peer
	
Review
	
Certificate
	
No.
	
2822/2022
Date:
	
13th	August	2025		 UDIN: 	 F011114G001005525 
===== PAGE 91 =====
88
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Report on Corporate Governance
1.  COMP ANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE:
	 The 	Compa
ny’s
	philosophy	on
	Corporate
	Go
vernance
	
is
	 founded
	 upon
	 a
	 rich
	 legacy	 of
	 fair
,
	 ethical
	 and
	
transpar
ent
	go
vernance
	practices,
	many
	of
	which
	wer
e
	
in
	place
	e
ven
	be
fore
	the
y
	wer
e
	mandated
	b
y
	adopting
	
the
	 highest
	 standar
ds
	 of
	 pr
ofessionalism,
	 honesty
,
	
integrity
	
and
	
ethical
	
behavior.
	 The 	Company
	belie
ves
	tha
t
	Corporate
	Go
vernance
	is
	
not
	only
	a
	princ
iple
	that
	the
	or
ganization
	follows
	but
	
it’
s
	a
	wa
y
	of
	lif
e
	that
	is
	embedded
	in
	its
	beha
vior
	&
	
cultur
e.
	The
	essence
	of
	Corporate
	Go
vernance
	is
	about
	
maintaining
	the
	right
	balance
	betw
een
	economic,
	social,
	
individual
	and
	co
mmunity
	goals.
	It
	also
	encompasses
	
the
	o
versight
	of
	business
	strategies
	and
	ensur
es
	fiscal
	
accountability
,
	ethical
	corporate
	beha
vior
	and
	fairness
	
to
	all
	stak
eholders
	comprising
	r
egulators,
	emplo
yees,
	
customers,
	v
endors,
	inv
estors
	and
	the
	society
	at
	lar
ge.
	
The
	Company
’s
	policies
	focus
	on	the
	augmentation
	of
	
long-term
	 shar
eholder
	 v
alue
	 without
	 compr
omising
	
integrity
,
	social
	
obligations,
	
and
	
regulatory
	compliance.
	
While
	 dealing
	 with
	 its
	 stak
eholders,
	 the
	 Company
	
functions
	 within
	 r
ecognized
	 standar
ds
	 of
	 pr
opriety,
	
fair
	pla
y,
	and
	justice
	and
	aims
	at
	cr
eating
	a
	cultur
e
	of
	
openness.
2.
 BO
ARD OF DIRECTORS
	 The 	Boar
d
	of
	the
	Company
	is
	formed
	with
	an
	optimum
	
combination
	of
	ex
ecutive
	and
	non-ex
ecutive
	dir
ectors,
	
which
	not
	only
	meets
	the
	legal
	ob
ligation
	but
	also
	mak
e
	
a
	div
ersified
	Boar
d
	with
	a
	mix
ed
	blend
	of
	exper
tise,
	
and
	 pr
ofessionals.
	 The
	 Boar
d,
	 while
	 dischar
ging
	 its
	
r
esponsibilities
	and
	pr
oviding
	eff
ective
	leadership
	to
	
the
	busin
ess,
	uph
olds
	the
	corpor
ate
	v
alue,
	pr
omote
	the
	
ethical
	cultur
e,
	 endorse
	 sustain
ability
	 and
	 le
verages
	
inno
vation.
	Independent
	Dir
ectors
	pla
y
	a
	piv
otal
	r
ole
	in
	
upholding
	Corpo
rate
	Go
vernance	norms
	and
	ensuring
	
fairness
	in
	decis
ion-making.
	Being
	exper
ts
	in
	v
arious
	
fields,
	th
ey
	also
	bring
	independen
t
	judgment
	on
	matters
	
of
	strate
gy,
	risk
	management,
	contr
ols
	and
	business
	
per
formance.
2.1.
  Com
position of the Board of Directors and changes in 
the Board:
	 The 	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	is
	entrusted
	with
	the
	ultimate
	
r
esponsibility
	 of
	 the
	 managem
ent,
	 general
	 affairs,
	
dir ection, 	and 	pe rformance 	of 	the	Company . 	The 	Boar d 	
has
	bee
n
	v
ested	with
	r
equisite
	powers
	&
	authorities
	
and
	
duties
	
towards
	
this
	
end.
	
 Compos
ition of the Board:
	The
	Boar
d
	comprises
	of
	
6
	Dir
ectors,
	whi
ch
	includes
	3
	Independent
	Dir
ectors
	
(r
epresenting
	50%
	of
	total
	Dir
ectors),
	2
	Non-ex
ecutive
	
and
	Non
-Independent
	Dir
ectors
	(r
epresenting
	33.33%
	
of
	to
tal
	Dir
ectors)
	and
	1
	Ex
ecutive
	Dir
ector
	(r
epresenting
	
16.67%
	of
	total
	Dir
ectors).
	Out
	of
	the
	6
	Dir
ectors
	stated
	
abo
ve,
	Company	has
	2
	W
omen	Dir
ectors
	which
	also
	
includes
	
1
	
Women
	
Independent
	
Director.
	 Independent
	 Dir
ectors
	 ar
e
	 non-ex
ecutive
	 dir
ectors
	
as
	 defined
	 under
	 Regulation
	 16(1)(b)
	 of
	 the
	 Listing
	
Regulations
	and	Section
	149(6)
	of
	the
	Act
	along
	with
	
rules
	framed
	ther
eunder.
	In
	terms
	of
	Regulation
	25(8)
	of
	
Listing
	Regulations,
	the
y
	ha
ve
	confirmed
	that
	the
y
	ar
e
	
not
	awar
e
	of
	any	cir
cumstance
	or
	situation
	which
	exists
	
or
	ma
y
	be
	r
easonably
	anticipated
	that
	could
	impair
	or
	
impact
	their
	ability
	to
	dischar
ge
	their
	duties.
	Based
	
on
	 the
	 declarat
ions
	 r
eceived
	 fr
om
	 the
	 Independent
	
Dir
ectors,
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	has
	confirmed
	that
	
the
y
	meet
	the
	criteria
	of
	independence
	as
	mentioned
	
under
	Section
	149(6)
	of
	the
	Act
	an
d
	Regulation
	16(1)(b)
	
of
	th
e
	Listing
	Regulations
	and
	tha
t
	the
y
	ar
e
	independent
	
of
	
the
	
management.
	 In
	terms
	of
	Section
	150
	of
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	2013
	
r
ead
	with
	Rule
	6
	of
	the
	Compan
ies
	(Appointment
	and
	
Qualification
	 of
	 Dir
ectors)
	 Rules,
	 2014,
	 Independent
	
Dir
ectors
	of
	the
	Company
	ha
ve
	co
nfirmed
	that
	the
y
	ha
ve
	
r
egistered
	themselv
es
	with
	the
	da
tabank
	maintained
	b
y
	
the
	
Indian
	
Institute
	
of
	
Corporate
	
Affairs.
 Cha
nges in the Board:
	The
re
	wer
e
	no
	changes
	in
	the
	
Boar
d
	
composition
	
during
		
FY
	
2024-25.
	 As
	stipulated
	under
	Listing	Regulations,
	a
	cer
tificate
	
fr
om
	a
	company
	secr
etary
	in
	practice
	that
	none
	of
	
the
	dir
ectors
	on
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	the	company
	ha
ve
	been
	
debarr
ed
	 or
	 disqualified
	 fr
om
	 being
	 appointed
	 or
	
continuing
	as
	dir
ectors
	of
	companies
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d/
Ministry
	 of
	 Corporate
	 Affairs
	 or
	 any
	 such
	 statutor
y
	
authority
	
is
	
enclosed
	
as
	
Annexure
	
to
	
this
	
Report.
2.2.
  Cor
e Skills/Expertise/ Competencies available with 
the Board
	 The 	 Boar
d
	 comprises
	 qualified
	 and
	 experienced
	
members
	who
	possess
	r
equired
	skills,
	exper
tise
	and
	
===== PAGE 92 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
89
Annual Report 2024-25
competencies	th at 	allow 	them 	to 	mak e 	eff ective 	contributions 	to 	the 	Boar d 	and 	its 	Committees. 	The 	following 	skills/
exper
tise/
	comp
etencies
	ha
ve
	been
	identified
	for
	the
	eff
ective
	func
tioning
	of
	the
	Company
	and
	ar
e
	curr
ently
	a
vailable
	with
	
the
	
Board:
	
Skill Description List of Directors possessing the core skill/ 
expertise/ competency (Mr./ Ms.)
Leadership/
	
Strategy Experience
	
in
	
playing
	
leadership
	
roles
	
in
	
r
eputed
	
Companies,
	
with
	
competencies
	
ar
ound
	
strategy
	
development
	
&
	
implementation,
	
sales
	
&
	
marketing,
	
business
	
administration,
	
operations
	
and
	
people
	
management.
T
	
K
	
Balaji,
	
Arvind
	
Balaji,
	
Anant
	
J
	
Talaulicar,
	
Priy
amvada
	
Balaji,
	
Heramb
	
Ravindra
	
Hajarna
vis,
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti
Industry
	
Experience Strong
	
knowledge
	
and
	
experience
	
in
	
the
	
automotiv
e
	
industry
	
and
	
in
	
managing
	
business
	operati
ons
	of
	a
	siz
eable
	or
ganization
	
in
	
the
	
business
	
of
	
manufacture
	
and
	
sale
	
of
	
automobiles,
	
automotive
	
electronics
	
and
	
other
	
auto
	
components.
T
	
K
	
Balaji,
	
Arvind
	
Balaji,
	
Anant
	
J
	
Talaulicar,
	
Priy
amvada
	
Balaji,
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti.
Financial
	
knowledge Practical
	
knowledge
	
and
	
experience
	
in
	
accounting
	
and
	
finance
	
to
	
analyze
	
statements,
	
assess
	
financial
	
viability,
T
	
K
	
Balaji,
	
Arvind
	
Balaji,
	
Priyamvada
	
Balaji,
	
Anant
	
J
	
Talaulicar,
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti,
	
Heramb
	
Ravindra
	
Hajarnavis
Executive
	
management Experience
	
in
	
evaluating
	
performance
	
of
	
senior
	
management,
	
and
	
overseeing
	
strategic
	
human
	
capital/
	
succession
T
	
K
	
Balaji,
	
Arvind
	
Balaji,
	
Anant
	
J
	
Talaulicar,
	
Priy
amvada
	
Balaji,
	
Heramb
	
Ravindra
	
Hajarna
vis,
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti.
Technology Relevant
	
knowledge
	
of
	
IT
	
governance
	
and
	
systems
	
including
	
privacy,
	
data
	
management
	
and
	
security.
Arvind
	
Balaji,
	
Anant
	
J
	
Talaulicar,
	
Priyamvada
	
Balaji,
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti,
	
Heramb
	
Ra
vindra
	
Hajarnavis
Risk
	
Management Ability
	
to
	
monitor
	
and
	
advise
	
the
	
Company
	
on
	
risks
	
as
	
applicable
	
to
	
the
	
industry
	
in
	
which
	
it
	
operates.
T
	
K
	
Balaji,
	
Arvind
	
Balaji,
	
Anant
	
J
	
Talaulicar,
	
Priy
amvada
	
Balaji,
	
Heramb
	
Ravindra
	
Hajarna
vis
	 Based
	on
	th
e
	abo
ve-mentioned
	skill/
	exper
tise/
	competency
,
	the
	Boar
d
	is
	well
	structur
ed
	to
	ensur
e
	div
ersity
	in
	experience
	
and
	com
plementarity
	of
	skills
	with	a
	balance
	in
	age,
	gender
,
	knowle
dge,
	and
	social-
	economic
	back
grounds.
	The
	Boar
d
	also
	
confirms
	that
	all
	the
	Independent
	Dir
ectors
	of
	the
	Company
	fulfill
	the
	conditions
	specified
	in
	the
	SEBI
	Listing
	Regulations
	
and
	
are
	
independent
	
of
	
management
2.3.
 A
ttendance of each Director at the Meetings of the Board of Directors and the last Annual General Meeting:
	 The 	Boar
d
	/
	Committee
	meetings
	ar
e
	pr
e-scheduled
	and
	an
	annual
	calendar
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	and
	Committee
	meetings
	is
	
cir
culated
	to
	the
	Dir
ectors
	well
	in
	adv
ance
	to
	facilitate
	them
	to
	pla
n
	their
	schedule
	and
	to
	ensur
e
	meaningful
	par
ticipation
	
in
	the
	meetings.
	In
	case
	of
	a
	special
	and
	ur
gent
	business
	need,
	the
	Boar
d’s
	appr
oval
	is
	tak
en
	b
y
	passing
	r
esolutions
	b
y
	
cir
culation,
	
as
	pe
rmitted
	b
y
	law
,
	which
	ar
e
	noted
	
in
	the
	subsequen
t
	Boar
d
	Meeting.
	
However,
	no
	Cir
cular
	r
esolutions
	
were
	
passed
	
by
	
the
	
Board
	
or
	
Committee
	
during
		
FY
	
2024-25.
	 The 	Boar
d
	met
	5
	times
	durin
g
		FY
	2024-25
	thr
ough
	physical
	or
	video
	conf
erencing/
	other
	audio-visual
	means
	b
y
	following
	
all
	th
e
	ne
cessary
	pr
otocols
	specified
	in
	the
	r
espective
	cir
culars/
	notifications
	of
	MCA/
	SEBI.
	The
	below
	table
	shows
	the
	
date of meeting and attendance
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 93 =====
90
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Date of Board 
meeting/ 
Directors 
attended
30
th May, 2024 6th August, 
2024
13th November, 
2024
13th February, 
2025
25th March, 
2025
Percentage of 
Attendance
Mr.
	
T.K.
	
Balaji
	
DIN:
	
00002010
	
Non-ex
ecutive
	
Chairman
√ √ √ √ √ 100%
Mr
.
	
Arvind
	
Balaji
		
DIN:
	
00557711
	
Managing 
Dir
ector
√ √ √ √ √ 100%
Mrs.
	
Priy
amvada
	
Balaji 
DIN:
	
00730712 
Non-Executive
	
Dir
ector
√ √ x √ √ 80%
Mr.
	
Anant
	
J
	
T
alaulicar 
DIN:
	
00031051 
Independent
	
Dir
ector
√ √ √ √ √ 100%
Mr.
	
Heramb
	
R
	
Hajarnavis
	
DIN:
	
01680435
	
Independent
	
Dir
ector
√ √ √ √ √ 100%
Mrs.
	Gangapriy
a
	
Chakra
verti
	
DIN:
	
00378385
	
Independent
	
Dir
ector
√ √ √ √ √ 100%
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 94 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
91
Annual Report 2024-25
Name Attendance Particulars Number of other directorships and committee 
memberships/ chairmanships as on  
31st March, 2025
Board 
meeting
Last  
AGM
Other 
Directorship*
Other 
Committee 
Memberships
Other Committee 
Chairmanships**
Non-Executive Directors
Mr.
	
T
	
K
	
Balaji
	
DIN:
	
00002010 5 Yes 9 - -
Mrs.
	
Priyamvada
	
Balaji
	 
DIN:
	
000730712
4 Yes 15 3 -
Managing Director
Mr.
	
Arvind
	
Balaji
	
DIN:
	
00557711 5 Yes 13 3 -
Independent Directors
Mr.
	
Anant
	
Jaivant
	
Talaulicar
	 
DIN:
	
00031051
5 Yes 10 6 1
Mr.
	
Heramb
	
Ravindra
	
Hajarnavis 
DIN:
	
01680435
	
5 Ye
s 7 1 -
Mrs.
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti
	
 
DIN:
	
00378385
	
5 Ye
s 2 - -
	 *
	
includes
	
private
	
companies.
	 **
	
includes
	committees
	
where
	
the
	
director
	
holds
	
the
	
position	
of
	
chairman.
	
  Names 
of listed entities wherein Directors are holding position of Director & the category of Directorship as on 31 st 
March, 2025:
Name of the director Name of the other listed Company Category of Directorship
T
	
K
	
Balaji - -
Arvind
	
Balaji Schaeffler
	
India
	
Limited Independent
	
Director
Anant
	
Jaivant
	
Talaulicar The
	
Hi-Tech
	
Gears
	
Limited Non-Independent
	
Director
Endurance
	
Technologies
	
Limited Independent
	
Director
KPIT
	
Technologies
	
Limited Independent
	
Director
Everest
	
Industries
	
Limited Independent
	
Director
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti - -
Heramb
	
Ravindra
	
Hajarnavis Sundram
	
Fasteners
	
Limited Independent
	
Director
Priyamvada
	
Balaji - -
None
	of
	the
	non
-executive
	dir
ectors
	holds
	dir
ectorships
	in
	mor
e
	than
	se
ven
	listed
	entities
	and
	neither
	ser
ves
	as
	an
	
Independent
	
Director
	
in
	
more
	
than
	
seven
	
listed
	
entities.
2.4.
 Dis
closure of relationships between directors inter-se
	 Mr.
	T
	K
	Bala
ji,
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji
	and
	Mrs.
	Priy
amvada
	
Balaji
	ar
e
	r
elated
	to
	the
	Pr
omoters
	of
	the
	Company
.
	
Ther
e
	is
	no
	inter-se
	r
elationships
	between
	the
	other
	
Dir
ectors.
2.5.
  Number of shar
es and convertible instruments held 
by non- executive directors;
	 No
	non-ex
ecutive
	Dir
ectors	holds
	any
	shar
es
	in
	the
	
Company
	ex
cept	Mr
.
	T
	K
	Balaji
	who
	holds
	1694
	E
quity
	
shar
es
	
in
	
the
	
Company
	
as
	
on
	
31st	March,	2025.
2.6.	 	F
amiliarization
	 pr
ogram
	 impar
ted
	 to
	 Independent
	
Dir
ectors:
	 The 	Listing
	Regulation
	r
equires
	listed
	companies
	to
	
conduct
	a
	familiarization
	pr
ogram
	for
	the
	Independent
	
Dir
ectors
	to
	familiariz
e
	them
	with
	the
	Company
,
	their
	
r
oles,
	rights,
	r
esponsibilities
	in
	the	Company
,
	the
	natur
e
	
of
	th
e
	industr
y
	in
	which
	the
	Company
	operates,
	the
	
business
	of
	the
	Company
,
	etc.
	The
	Company
	facilitates
	
the
	members
	of
	its
	Boar
d
	to
	familiariz
e
	themselv
es
	
with 	the 	industr y 	and 	its 	operatio ns. 	In 	this 	r egard, 	the 	
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 95 =====
92
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Company	r egularly 	communicate s 	with 	all 	Independent 	
Dir
ectors
	to
	pr
ovide
	a
	detailed
	understanding
	of
	the
	
activities
	of
	the
	Company
	inclu
ding
	specific
	pr
ojects
	
either
	 at
	 the
	 meeting
	 of
	 the
	 Boar
d
	 of
	 Dir
ectors
	 or
	
other
wise.
	 The
	 pr
ocess
	 is
	 de
signed
	 to
	 build
	 an
	
understanding
	 of
	 the
	 Company
’s
	 business
	 and
	 the
	
mark
ets
	to
	equip
	the
	Dir
ectors
	to	per
form
	their
	r
ole
	on
	
the
	Boar
d
	eff
ectively.
	Independent
	Dir
ectors
	ar
e
	also
	
tak
en
	th
rough
	v
arious
	business
	situations,
	the
	natur
e
	
of
	th
e
	industr
y,
	the
	business
	model,
	v
arious
	r
egulatory
	
de
velopments,
	 etc.,
	 b
y
	 wa
y
	 of
	 pr
esentations
	 and
	
discussions. 	In 	the 	FY 	2024-25 	all 	the 	Dir ectors 	of 	the 	
Company
	visited
	the
	Manufacturi
ng
	Plant
	at
	Hosur
.
	The
	
details
	of
	the
	F
amiliarization
	pr
ogram
	ar
e
	a
vailable
	at
	
https://indianippon.com/policies/
3.
 BO
ARD COMMITTEES:
	 The 	Compa
ny
	has
	5
	Committees
	of
	the
	Boar
d,
	namely
,
	
A
udit
	 Committee,
	 Nomination
	 and
	 Remuneration
	
Committee,
	 Sta
keholders
	 Relationship
	 Committee,
	
Corporate
	Social
	Responsibility
	Committee
	and
	Risk
	
Management
	
Committee.
4.
 A
UDIT COMMITTEE:
	 	The	A
udit
	Committee,
	pr
esently,
	comprises
	of
	3
	Dir
ectors
	ou
t
	of
	which
	2
	ar
e
	Independent
	Dir
ectors.
	The
	composition
	of
	
the
	A
udit
	Committee
	along
	with
	the
	details
	of
	the
	meetings
	held
	during
	the
	FY
	2024-25
	and
	attendance
	of
	the
	members
	
of
	
the
	
Committee,
	
in
	
person
	
or
	
through
	
video
	
conference,
	
is
	
detailed
	
below:
Name of 
Members
Nature of 
membership
Meeting dates % of 
attendance30th May, 
2024
5th August, 
2024
12th 
November, 
2024
13th   
February, 
2025
25th March, 
2025
Anant
	
J
	
T
alaulicar
Chairman √ √ √ √ √ 100%
Heramb
	
Hajarna
vis
Member √ √ √ √ √ 100%
Priyamvada
	
Balaji
Member √ √ √ v √ 100%
T
erms of reference:
	The
	A
udit
	Committee
	is,
	inter
	alia,
	entrusted
	with
	the
	following
	k
ey
	r
esponsibilities
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	
Dir
ectors
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
S 
No
Activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
1. Overseeing
	the
	Company
’s
	financ
ial
	r
eporting
	pr
ocess
	and
	r
eviewing,
	with
	the
	management,
	
the
	annual
	financial
	statements
	and
	auditor
’s
	r
eport
	ther
eon
	befor
e
	submission
	to
	the
	
Boar
d
	
for
	
approval.
Periodic
2. Reviewing
	with
	management,
	the
	standalone
	and
	consolidated	financial
	r
esults
	and
	
annual
	
financial
	
statements
	
and,
	
if
	
thought
	
fit,
	
recommend
	
to
	
the
	
Board
	
for
	
approval.
Quarterly/Annual
3. Reviewing,
	 appr
oving
	 or
	 subseq
uently
	 modifying
	 transactions
	 of
	 the
	 Company
	 with
	
r
elated
	
parties
Quarterly/Periodic
4. Evaluating
	
the
	
internal
	
financial
	
controls
	
and
	
risk
	
management
	
policies
	
of
	
the
	
Company Periodic
5. Recommending
	the
	appointment/
	r
e-appointment,
	r
emuneration,
	terms
	of
	appointment
	
and
	
scope
	
of
	
Auditors
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
and
	
approval
	
of
	
payment
	
for
	
any
	
other
	
service.
Periodic
6. Reviewing
	and
	monitoring
	the
	auditor
’s
	independence
	and
	per
formance
	and
	eff
ectiveness
	
of
	
audit
	
process
	
and
	
audit
	
reports
	
submitted
	
by
	
the
	
auditor
Quarterly/Annual
7. Reviewing
	the
	ad
equacy
	of
	intern
al
	audit
	function
	and
	discussing
	with
	the
	internal
	auditors
	
on
	
the
	
significant
	
findings
	
and
	
further
	
course
	
adopted
Quarterly
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 96 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
93
Annual Report 2024-25
S 
No
Activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
8. Reviewing
	the
	grie
vance
	r
edressal
	mechanism
	of
	the
	Compan
y
	and
	o
verseeing
	the
	
functioning
	
of
	
the
	
same.
Quarterly
9. Reviewing
	 compliance
	 with
	 the	 pr
ovisions
	 of
	 SEBI
	 (Pr
ohibition
	 of
	 Insider
	 T
rading)
	
Regulations,
	
2015
	
and
	
verify
	
adequacy
	
of
	
internal
	
controls.
Quarterly
The
	members
	of
	the
	A
udit
	Committee
	ar
e
	financially
	literate
	and
	ha
ve
	r
elevant
	experience
	in
	financial
	management.
	The
	
Committee
	
meets
	
quarterly
	
for
	
consideration
	
of
	
financial
	
results,
	
review
	
and
	
approval
	
of
	
related
	
party
	
transactions.
	
The
	Cha
irman
	of
	the
	A
udit
	Committee
	attended
	the
	39th	A GM 	of 	the 	Company 	for 	the 	financial 	y ear 	ended 	31st	Mar ch, 	
2024
	held
	on
	18th	September , 	2024. 	All 	the 	decision s 	and 	r ecommendations 	made 	b y 	the 	Committee 	during 	the 	y ear 	wer e 	
unanimously
	
approved
	
by
	
the
	
members
	
of
	
the
	
Committee.
5.
 NOMIN
ATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE:
The
	Nom
ination
	and
	Remunera
tion
	Committee,
	pr
esently,
	comp
rises
	of
	3
	Dir
ectors
	out
	of
	which
	2
	ar
e
	Independent
	
Dir
ectors.
	The
	co
mposition
	of
	the	Nomination
	and
	Remuneration
	Committee
	along
	with
	the
	details
	of
	the
	meetings
	held
	
during
	the
	FY
	2024-25
	and
	attendance
	of
	the
	members
	of
	the
	Committee,
	in
	person
	or
	thr
ough
	video
	conf
erence,
	is
	
detailed
	
below:
Name of Members Nature of membership Date of Meeting  
29th  May, 2024
% of Attendance
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti Chairman √ 100%
T.K.
	
Balaji Member √ 100%
Anant
	
J
	
Talaulicar Member √ 100%
	 	The	 Committee
	 per
forms
	 the
	 r
ole
	 as
	 envisaged
	 in
	
Section
	178
	of
	the
	Companies
	Act
	2013.
	The
	br
oad
	
terms
	 of
	 r
eference,
	 r
ole
	 and
	 scope
	 of
	 the
	 NRC
	 in
	
accor
dance
	
with
	
SEBI
	
LODR
	
are
	
as
	
under:
•	 formulation 	 of
	 the
	 crite
ria
	 for
	 determining
	
qualifications,
	 positiv
e
	 attributes
	 and
	
independence
	of
	a
	dir
ector
	and	r
ecommending
	
to
	th
e
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	a
	polic
y
	r
elating
	to,
	the
	
r
emuneration
	 of
	 the
	 dir
ectors,
	 k
ey
	 managerial
	
personnel
	
and
	
other
	
employees;
•	 For
	
every
	
appointment
	of
	an	
independent
	dir
ector,
	
the
	 Nom
ination
	 and
	 Remuneration
	 Committee
	
shall
	 e
valuate
	 the
	 balance
	 of
	 skills,
	 knowledge
	
and
	experience
	on
	the
	Boar
d
	and
	on
	the
	basis
	
of
	such
	e
valuation,
	pr
epare
	a
	description
	of
	the
	
r
ole
	and	capabil
ities
	r
equired
	of
	an
	independent
	
dir
ector.
	The
	person
	r
ecommended
	to
	the
	Boar
d
	
for
	appo
intment
	as
	an
	independ
ent
	dir
ector
	shall
	
ha
ve
	the	capabili
ties
	identified
	in
	such
	description.
	
F
or
	the
	purpose
	of
	identifying
	suitable
	candidates,
	
the
	
Committee
	
may:
a.	 use
	the
	ser
vices
	of
	an
	exte
rnal
	agencies,
	if
	
r
equired;
b.	 consider
	candidates
	fr
om
	a
	wide
	range
	of
	
back
grounds,
	ha
ving
	due
	r
egard
	to
	div
ersity;
	
and
c.	
consider
	 th
e
	 time
	 commitments
	 of
	 the
	
candidates
•	
formulation	 of
	 criteria
	 for
	 e
valuation
	 of
	 the
	
per
formance
	 of
	 independent
	 dir
ectors
	 and
	 the
	
boar
d
	
of
	
directors;
•	 devising
	 a
	 policy
	 on
	 div
ersity
	 of
	 the
	 boar
d
	 of
	
dir
ectors
•	 Identify
	 pe
rsons
	 who
	 ar
e
	 qualified
	 to
	 become
	
dir
ectors
	and
	who
	ma
y
	be
	appointed
	to
	senior
	
management
	in
	accor
dance
	with
	the
	criteria
	laid
	
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 97 =====
94
India Nippon Electricals Limited
down	and 	r ecommend 	to 	the 	boar d 	of 	dir ectors 	
their
	
appointment
	
and
	
removal
•	 whether
	 to	 extend
	 or
	 continu
e
	 the
	 term
	 of
	
appointment
	of
	the
	independent
	dir
ector,
	based
	
on
	 the
	 r
eport
	 of
	 per
formance
	 e
valuation
	 of
	
independent
	
directors
•	 recommend 	 to
	 the
	 boar
d,
	 all
	 r
emuneration,
	 in
	
whate
ver
	
form,
	
payable
	
to
	
senior
	
management
•	 	P
erforming
	such
	other
	dutie
s
	and
	r
esponsibilities
	
as
	 ma
y
	 be
	 consistent
	 with
	 th
e
	 pr
ovisions
	 of
	
the
	 Nom
ination
	 and
	 Remuneration
	 Committee
	
Char
ter
The
	composition	and
	terms
	of
	r
eference
	of
	NRC
	ar
e
	
in
	 line
	with
	the	applicable
	pr
ovisions
	 of
	 the
	Listing
	
Regulations
	 and	 the
	 Act.
	 The
	 Chairperson
	 of
	 NRC
	
attended
	the
	39th		A GM 	of 	the 	Company 	for 	the 	fina ncial 	
y
ear
	end
ed
	31st	Mar ch, 	2024 	he ld 	on 	18th	September , 	
2024.
	All
	the
	de
cisions
	and
	r
ecommendations
	made
	
b
y
	the
	Committee
	during
	the
	y
ear
	wer
e
	unanimously
	
appr
oved
	
by
	
the
	
members
	
of
	
the
	
Committee.
 Sen
ior Management
Name Designation
Ravinder
	
Sharma
	 Pr
esident
R
	
Umashankar
	 Chief
	
Technology
	
Officer
Elango
	
Srinivasan
	 Chief
	
Financial
	
Officer
	
(KMP)
S
	
Logitha
	
Company
	 Secr
etary
	&
	Compliance
	Officer
	
(KMP)
	 	The
re
	wer
e
	no
	changes
	in
	the
	Senior
	Management
	
during
	 2024-25.
	 Howe
ver,
	 Mr
.
	 K.
	 Kanakaraju
	 was
	
appointed
	 as
	 a
	 Senior
	 Management
	 P
ersonnel
	
and
	 Chief
	 T
echnology
	 Officer
	 -
	 D
	 with
	 eff
ect
	 fr
om
	 
13th	August,	2025.
 P
erformance evaluation of Independent Directors:
The
	 Nom
ination	 and
	 Remuneration
	 Committee
	 has
	
de
vised
	criteria
	for
	e
valuation
	of
	the
	per
formance
	of
	
the
	 Dir
ectors
	 including
	 Indepe
ndent
	 Dir
ectors.
	 The
	
criteria
	pr
ovide
	for
	cer
tain
	param
eters
	lik
e
	attendance
	
at
	meetings,
	pr
eparedness,
	adhe
rence
	to
	the
	code
	of
	
conduct,
	maintaining
	independence
	and
	contribution
	
at
	Bo
ard/
	Committee
	Meetings.
	Mor
e
	details
	on
	criteria
	
of
	e
valuation
	etc.,
	and
	the
	policy	can
	be
	accessed
	at
	
https://indianippon.com/policies/.
Separate 
meeting of independent directors:
	A
	separate
	
meeting
	of
	Indep
endent
	Dir
ectors
	for
	FY
	2024-25
	was
	
held
	on
	13th	F ebruary 	2025 	pursuant 	to 	Schedule 	IV 	
to
	th
e
	Companie
s
	Act,
	2013
	&
	Regulations
	17
	&
	25
	of
	
SEBI
	(Listing
	Ob
ligations
	&
	Disclosur
e
	Requir
ements)
	
Regulations,
	201
5.
	The
	meeting
	was
	attended
	b
y
	all
	the
	
Independent
	
Directors
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
The
	 Boa
rd
	 has
	 consider
ed
	 the	 impr
ovement
	 points
	
of
	 the
	 Indepen
dent
	 Dir
ectors
	 for
	 the
	 gr
owth
	 of
	
the
	 or
ganization	 and
	 to
	 follow
	 the
	 best
	 corporate
	
go
vernance.
6.	 STAKEHOLDERS’
	
RELATIONSHIP
	
COMMITTEE:
	 	In
	accor
dance
	with
	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	Section
	178
	of
	the
	
Act,
	and
	Regulation
	20
	of
	the
	Listing
	Regulations,
	the
	
Company
	has
	formed
	its
	Stak
eholders’
	Relationship
	
Committee
	(SRC
),
	composition
	and
	terms
	of
	r
eference
	
of
	which
	ar
e
	in
	conformity
	with
	th
e
	said
	pr
ovisions.
	The
	
Committee
	has
	3
	members
	consisting
	of
	2
	independent
	
dir
ectors
	(Mr
.
	Heramb
	Hajarna
vis
	as
	Chairperson
	of
	
the
	Committee
	and
	Mrs.
	Gangap
riya
	Chakra
verti
	as
	a
	
Member
	of
	the
	Committee)
	and
	the
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	
Mr
.
	
Arvind
	
Balaji
	
as
	
a
	
member.
	 	The	composition
	along
	with	the
	details
	of
	the
	meetings
	held
	during
	the
	FY
	2024-25
	and
	attendance
	of
	the
	members
	of
	the
	
Committee,
	
in
	
person
	
or
	
through
	
video
	
conference,
	
is
	
detailed
	
below:
Name of Members Nature of membership Date of Meeting  
12th November, 2024
% of Attendance
Heramb
	
R
	
Hajarnavis Chairman √ 100%
Arvind
	
Balaji Member √ 100%
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti Member √ 100%
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 98 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
95
Annual Report 2024-25
	 The 	 terms 	 of 	 reference 	 of 	 the 	 Committee 	 are 	 as 	 follows:
•
	
	 Resolving
	the
	grie
vances
	of
	the
	security
	holders
	of
	the
	listed	entity
	including
	complaints
	r
elated
	to
	transf
er/
	
transmission
	of
	shar
es,
	non-r
eceipt
	of
	annual
	r
eport,
	non-r
eceipt
	of
	declar
ed
	dividends,
	issue
	of
	new/duplicate
	
cer
tificates,
	
general
	
meetings,
	
etc.
•
	
	 Review
	
of
	
measures
	
taken
	
for
	
the
	
effective
	
exercise
	
of
	
voting	
rights
	
by
	
Members
•
	
	 Review
	of
	adher
ence
	to
	th
e
	ser
vice
	standar
ds
	adopted
	b
y
	the	listed
	entity
	in
	r
espect
	of
	v
arious
	ser
vices
	being
	
r
endered
	
by
	
the
	
Registrar
	
&
	
Share
	
Transfer
	
Agent
•
	
	 Review
	of
	the
	v
arious
	measur
es
	and
	initiativ
es
	tak
en
	b
y
	th
e
	listed
	entity
	for
	r
educing
	the
	quantum
	of
	unclaimed
	
dividends
	and
	ensuring
	timely
	r
eceipt
	of
	dividend
	warrants/annua
l
	r
eports/statutory
	notices
	b
y
	the
	Members
	of
	the
	
Company
•
	
	 Any
	
other
	
role/
	
responsibility
	
and
	
function
	
as
	
may
	
be
	
specified
	
by
	
the
	
Board
	
from
	
time
	
to
	
time
	 In
	addition
	to
	the
	abo
vementioned
	terms
	of
	r
eference,
	the
	SRC
	appr
oves
	transf
ers,
	transmission,
	consolidation
	and
	splitting
	
of
	shar
e
	cer
tificates
	and
	authoriz
es
	the
	officials
	to
	mak
e
	necessar
y
	endorsements
	on
	the
	shar
e
	cer
tificates
	etc.
	The
	Boar
d
	
has
	auth
orized
	th
e
	Company
	Sec
retary
	&
	Compliance
	Officer
	to
	appr
ove
	shar
e
	transf
er,
	transmissions,
	transpositions
	etc.,
	
periodically
,
	
which
	
shall
	
be
	
ratified
	
by
	
the
	
SRC.
	 The 	composition
	and
	terms
	of
	r
eference
	of
	the
	SRC
	ar
e
	in
	line
	with
	the
	applicable
	pr
ovisions
	of
	the
	Listing
	Regulations
	and
	
the
	
Act.
	
 Name
	
and
	
designation
	
of
	
Compliance
	
Officer: 
	 Ms.
	
S
	
Logitha
	
is
	
the
	
Company
	
Secretary
	
and
	
Compliance
	
Officer
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
	
	
The	Chairperson
	of
	SRC
	atte
nded
	the
	39th		A GM 	of 	the 	Company 	for 	the 	y ear 	ended 	31st	Mar ch, 	2024 	held 	on 	18th	September , 	
2024.
	All
	the
	decisions
	and
	r
ecommendations
	made
	b
y
	the
	Committee
	during
	the
	y
ear
	wer
e
	appr
oved
	b
y
	a
	r
equisite
	
majority
	
by
	
the
	
members
	
of
	
the
	
Committee.
 Statement 
of Shareholders Complaints:
No.	of	shareholders’	complaints	received	during	the	financial	year Nil
No.
	
of
	
complaints
	
not
	
resolved
	
to
	
the
	
satisfaction
	
of
	
shareholders Nil
No.
	
of
	
pending
	
complaints
	
as
	
on
	
31st	March,	2025 Nil
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
7. CORPORA TE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
In
	accor
dance
	with
	pr
ovisions
	of
	Section
	135
	of
	the
	
Companies
	 Act,
	 2013,
	 the
	 Boar
d
	 has
	 formed
	 the
	
Corporate
	Social	Responsibility
	(CSR)
	Committee.
	The
	
Composition
	and	terms
	of
	r
eference
	of
	the
	committee
	
ar
e
	
in
	
conformity
	
with
	
the
	
said
	
provisions.
The
	Corporate
	S
ocial
	Responsibility
	Committee
	(CSR
	
Committee)
	 co
mprises
	 3
	 Dir
ectors
	 as
	 members
	
with
	Chairperson
	being
	Ms.
	Gangapriy
a
	Chakra
verti,
	
Independent
	 dir
ector.
	 The
	 r
emaining
	 two
	 members
	
ar
e,
	 Mr
.
	 Ar
vind
	 Balaji,
	 Managin
g
	 Dir
ector
	 and
	 Ms.
	
Priy
amvada
	
Balaji,
	
Non-executive
	
Director.
On 	the 	r ecommendation 	of 	the 	CSR 	Committee, 	Boar d 	
had
	appr
oved
	the
	following
	and
	posted
	them
	on
	the
	
website
	of
	the
	Company
	and
	ar
e
	a
vailable
	at
	https://
indianippon.com/.
	The
	web
	link
	is
	also
	pr
ovided
	in
	a
	
separate
	
section
	
of
	
this
	
report
	
under
	
policies:
•
	
	 An
	
annual
	
action
	
plan
	
for
	
the
	
year
	
2025-26.
•
	
	 The 	
CSR
	
Policy.
The
	composition	along
	with
	the
	details
	of
	the
	meetings
	
held
	during
	the
	financial
	y
ear
	2024-25
	and
	attendance
	
of
	the
	members
	of
	the
	Committee
,
	in
	person
	or
	thr
ough
	
video
	
conference,
	
is
	
detailed
	
below:
	
===== PAGE 99 =====
96
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
8. RIS K MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE:
	 	The	Risk
	Management
	Committee
	(RMC
),
	pr
esently,
	comprises
	of
	4
	Members
	out
	of
	which
	3
	ar
e
	Dir
ectors.
	The
	composition
	
along
	with
	the
	de
tails
	of
	the
	mee
tings
	held
	during
	the
	FY
	2024-25	and
	attendance
	of
	the
	members
	of
	the
	Committee,
	in
	
person
	
or
	
through
	
video
	
conference,
	
is
	
detailed
	
below:
Name of Members Nature of 
membership
Date of Meeting % of 
Attendance
30th May, 2024 5th August, 2024 12th November, 2024
Anant
	
J
	
Talaulicar Chairman √ √ √ 100%
Heramb
	
R
	
Hajarnavis Member √ √ √ 100%
Arvind
	
Balaji Member √ √ √ 100%
Ravinder
	
Sharma Member √ √ √ 100%
The
	Committee
	has
	a
	Char
ter
	in
	place
	and
	the
	T
erms
	of
	Ref
erence
	of
	the
	Committee
	ar
e
	in
	line
	with
	the
	Listing
	Regulations.
	
The
	RMC
	is
	r
esponsible
	for
	o
versight
	of
	the
	o
verall
	risk
	management
	pr
ocesses
	of
	the
	Company
	and
	ensuring
	that
	k
ey
	
strategic
	
and
	
business
	
risks
	
are
	
identified
	
and
	
addressed
	
by
	
the
	
management.
	
The
	RM
	P
olicy
	/
	framework
	is
	de
signed
	to
	enable
	high
	
standar
ds
	of
	go
vernance,
	business
	conduct
	and
	risk
	
management
	
and
	
to
	
achieve
	
the
	
following
	
objectives:
	
•
	
	 	Info
rmed
	decision-making,	adequately
	factoring
	
risks
	
involved
•
	
	 Promoting
	
a	
risk-aware
	
culture
•
	
	 Achievement
	
of
	
sustainable	
business
	
growth
•
	
	 Planning
	
for
	
business
	
continuity
•
	
	 	Compliance	with
	applicable	legal
	and
	r
egulatory
	
r
equirements
Pursuant
	 to
	 Regulation
	 21,
	 th
e
	 Risk
	 Management
	
P
olicy
	was
	ame
nded
	during
	the	Financial
	Y
ear
	2024-
25
	and
	the
	upda
ted
	P
olicy
	can
	be
	accessed
	at
	https://
indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384530822-4-0
All
	 the
	 decision
s
	 and
	 r
ecommendations
	 made
	 b
y
	
the
	Committee
	during
	the
	y
ear
	wer
e
	appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	
r
equisite
	
majority
	
by
	
the
	
members
	
of
	
the
		
Committee.
9.
 REMUNERA
TION OF DIRECTORS:
 Managing D
irector:
Remuneration:
	The
	Boar
d,
	on
	th
e
	r
ecommendation
	of
	
the
	NRC,
	shall
	r
eview
	and
	appr
ove
	the
	r
emuneration
	
pa
yable
	to
	the
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	within
	the
	o
verall
	
limits
	ap
proved
	b
y
	the
	Membe
rs.
	The
	r
emuneration
	
structur
e
	of
	the	MD
	includes
	basic
	pa
y,
	per
quisites,
	
allowances,
	
commission
	
and
	
retirement
	
benefits.
For
	 the
	 FY
	 202
4-25,
	 a
	 r
emuneration
	 of
	 Rs.
	 384.46
	
Lakhs
	including
	commission
	of
	Rs.150
	Lakhs,
	subject
	
to
	tax,
	as
	applic
able
	was
	appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	
dir
ectors
	for
	Mr
.
	Ar
vind
	Balaji,
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	at
	
their
	meeting
	held
	on
	30th	Ma y, 	2025 	as 	r ecommended 	
Name of Members Nature of 
membership
Meeting dates % of 
Attendance
29th May 
2024
5th August 
2024
12th 
November 
2024
13th 
February 
2025
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti Chairperson √ √ √ √ 100%
Arvind
	
Balaji Member √ √ √ √ 100%
Priyamvada
	
Balaji Member √ √ √ √ 100%
  The	r
eport
	of
	the
	CSR
	activit
ies
	appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	CSR
	Committee	and
	the
	Boar
d
	is
	giv
en
	as
	an
	annexur
e
	to
	the
	Boar
d’s
	
Repor
t.
===== PAGE 100 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
97
Annual Report 2024-25
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
by	the 	Nominatio n 	and 	Remunera tion 	Committee 	within 	the 	limits 	as 	appr oved 	b y 	the 	Shar eholders 	at 	the 	annual 	general 	
meeting
	
held
	
on
	
21st	September,	2022.
 
`
	
in
	
Lakhs
Name of the Director Designation Salary Commission Perquisite Total
Mr.
	
Arvind
	
Balaji Managing
	
Director 144 150 90.46 384.46
The
	br
oad
	terms
	of
	agr
eement
	of
	appointment
	of
	Mr
.
	
Ar
vind
	Balaji,
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	ar
e
	as
	under
:
	P
eriod
	of
	
Agr
eement:
	
5
	
years
	
with
	
effect
	
from
	
1st	April,	2022.
Salar
y:
	In
	the
	salar
y
	range
	of
	 `
	10
	lacs
	to
	 `
	15
	lacs
	
per
	month
	subject
	to
	r
evision
	fr
om
	time
	to
	time,
	as
	
ma
y
	be
	determined
	b
y
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	on
	the
	
r
ecommendation
	of
	the
	Nominat
ion
	and
	Remuneration
	
Committee
	
(NRC).
Perquisites:
	Accommodation,
	Lea
ve
	tra
vel
	concession,
	
car
,
	T
elephone
	including
	T
elecommunication
	facilities,
	
etc
	as
	detailed
	out
	in
	the
	Explanator
y
	statement
	to
	
Notice
	of
	A
GM
	he
ld
	for
	the
	y
ear
	2021-22.
	The
	same
	can
	
be
	accessed
	at
	https://indianipp
on.com/wp-content/
uploads/2022/11/notice_2021_22.pdf.pdf
Commission:
	 Su
ch
	per
centage
	of
	net
	pr
ofits
	 of
	the
	
Company
	as
	per
	Section
	197
	&
	198
	of
	the
	Companies
	
Act
	as
	ma
y
	be
	appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	Bo
ard
	of
	Dir
ectors,
	at
	its
	
absolute
	discr
etion,
	based
	on
	th
e
	r
ecommendation
	of
	
the
	
NRC
	
for
	
each
	
financial
	
year.
 Non-ex
ecutive Directors
The
	Boar
d,
	on
	the	r
ecommendation
	of
	the
	NRC,
	r
eviews
	
and
	app
roves
	th
e
	r
emuneration
	pa
yable
	to
	the
	Non-
ex
ecutive
	Dir
ectors
	in
	the
	form
	of
	commission
	within
	
the
	
overall
	
limits
	
approved
	
by
	
the
	
Members.
The
	Non-Ex
ecutive
	Dir
ectors
	shall
	also
	be
	entitled
	to
	
sitting
	f
ees
	for
	at
tending
	the
	mee
tings
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	and
	
the
	Committees
	ther
eof.
	The
	details
	of
	the
	Commission
	
and
	
Sitting
	
fee
	
are
	
given
	
below:
 a)
 
Commission:
	 	Non -executive 	 Dir ectors 	 ar e 	 paid 	 r emuneration 	
b y 	wa y 	of 	commission 	not 	ex ceeding 	1% 	of 	the 	
net
	 pr
ofits
	 com
puted
	 in
	 accor
dance
	 with
	 the
	
pr
ovisions
	 of
	 S
ection
	 198
	 of
	 the
	 Companies
	
Act,
	2013
	as
	appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	Members
	of
	the
	
Company
	at
	their
	meeting
	held
	on
	27th		 A ugust, 	
2018.
	
For
	 the
	 FY
	 2024-25,
	 the
	 Boa
rd
	 appr
oved
	 the
	
pa
yment
	 of
	 commission
	 to
	 Non-ex
ecutive
	
Dir
ectors
	at
	the
	meeting
	held
	on	30th	Ma y, 	2025 	
based
	
on
	
the
	
recommendations
	
of
	
the
	
NRC.
	 The 	 NRC
	 had
	 r
ecommended	 to
	 distribute
	 the
	
commission
	to
	all
	dir
ectors
	on
	a
	formula
	basis
	
to
	giv
e
	due
	wei
ghtage
	to
	the
	membership
	and
	
chairmanship
	 of
	 v
arious
	 committees
	 and
	 the
	
o
verall
	 attendan
ce.
	 The
	 Commission
	 has
	 been
	
determined
	 to
	 tak
e
	 all
	 r
elevant
	 factors
	 into
	
account,
	 includ
ing
	 r
esponsibilities
	 dischar
ged
	
and
	par
ticipation
	in
	the
	Compan
y’s
	affairs.
	Ther
e
	
was
	 no
	 other
	 material
	 pecuniar
y
	 r
elationship
	
or
	 transactions
	 of
	 the
	 Non-Ex
ecutive
	 Dir
ectors
	
with
	the	Compa
ny
	other
	than
	commission
	and
	
sitting
	f
ee
	during
	the
	y
ear.
	The
	criteria
	of
	making
	
pa
yments
	 to
	 no
n-executive
	 dir
ectors
	 is
	 in
	 line
	
with
	 the
	 Nomination
	 and
	 Remuneration
	 P
olicy
	
of
	th
e
	Company
,
	a
vailable
	on
	the
	website
	at
	the
	
link:
	 https:/
/indianippon.com/policies/#tab-
1538384687615-11-6x
===== PAGE 101 =====
98
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
	 Commission 	to	Non-Executive	Directors	is	given	below:
Name of the Director Commission
` Lakhs
Mr.
	
T.
	
K.
	
Balaji 8.00
Mrs.
	
Priyamvada
	
Balaji 11.00
Mr.
	
Anant
	
J
	
Talaulicar 20.00
Mr.
	
Heramb
	
R
	
Hajarnavis 15.00
Mrs.
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti 16.00
Total 70.00
 b)
 Sitting
 fees:
	 	 	Remun
eration
	b
y
	wa
y
	of
	Sitting
	F
ee
	for
	attending
	Boar
d/
	Committee
	Meetings
	for
	the
	y
ear
	2024-25
	is
	tabulated
	
her
eunder
	
(in
	
actuals).
Name of the 
Directors
Board Audit 
Committee
Nomination 
Remuneration 
Committee
Stakeholders 
Relationship 
Committee
Corporate Social 
Responsibility 
Committee
Risk 
Management 
Committee
ID Total
Mr.
	
T.K.
	
Balaji 1,75,000 - 30,000 - - - - 2,05,000
Mr.
	
Arvind
	
Balaji - - - - - - - -
Mrs.
	
Priyamvada
	
Balaji
1,40,000 1,75,000 - - 1,20,000 - 4,35,000
Mr
.
	
Anant
	
J
	
T
alaulicar
1,75,000 1,75,000 30,000 - - 90,000 35,000 5,05,000
Mr.
	
Heramb
	
R
	
Hajarna
vis
1,75,000 1,75,000 - 30,000 - 90,000 35,000 5,05,000
Mrs.
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakra
verti
1,75,000 - 30,000 30,000 1,20,000 - 35,000 3,90,000
	 	 During 	 the 	 financial 	 year, 	 the 	 Company 	 has 	 not 	 issued 	 any 	 Shares 	 under 	 employee 	 stock 	 options.
10.
 A
nnual General Meetings:
	 	The	Annual
	General
	Meeting
s
	of
	the
	Company
	ar
e
	conv
ened
	within
	the
	statutor
y
	timelines.
	The
	details
	of
	location
	and
	time
	
of
	
the
	
previous
	
three
	
Annual
	
General
	
Meetings
	
are
	
as
	
below:
Meeting   Year Location Date Time
37th
	
AGM 2022 Video
	
Conference/
	
Other
	
Audio-Visual
	
Means 21 st	September,	2022 10:00 	 AM
38th
	
AGM 2023 Video
	
Conference/
	
Other
	
Audio-Visual
	
Means 20 th	September,	2023 10:00 	 AM
39th
	
AGM 2024 Video
	
Conference/
	
Other
	
Audio-Visual
	
Means 18 th	September,	2024 10:00 	 AM
Special
	
resolution
	
passed
	
in
	
previous
	
AGM/through
	
Postal
	
ballot:
During
	
the
	
last
	
3
	
years,
	
approval
	
of
	
the
	
Members
	
was
	
obtained
	
by
	
passing
	
the
	
following
	
special
	
resolutions:
AGM	2021-22 • 					 Appointment 	 of 	 Mr. 	 Heramb 	 R 	 Hajarnavis 	 as 	 an 	 Independent 	 Director
•
					
Appointment
	
of
	
Ms.
	
Gangapriya
	
Chakraverti
	
as
	
an
	
Independent
	
Director
•
					
Re-Appointment
	
of
	
Mr.
	
Arvind
	
Balaji
	
as
	
Managing
	
Director
AGM
	
2022-23 •
					
Alteration
	
of
	
Articles
	
of
	
Association
	
of
	
the
	
Company
AGM
	
2023-24 No
	
special
	
resolutions
The
	
above-mentioned
	
Special
	
Resolutions
	
were
	
passed
	
with
	
requisite
	
majority.
===== PAGE 102 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
99
Annual Report 2024-25
 P ostal Ballot:
No
	
resolution
	
was
	
passed
	
through
	
Postal
	
Ballot
	
during
	
the
	
year
	
under
	
review.
No
	item
	of
	busin
ess
	in
	r
elation
	to	matters
	specified
	in
	Listing
	Regu
lations
	and/or
	Section
	110
	of
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	2013
	
which
	
requires
	
voting
	
by
	
postal
	
ballot
	
is
	
included
	
in
	
the
	
notice
	
convening
	
the
	
AGM
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
for
	
the
	
year
	
2024-25.
11.
 MEANS OF COMMUNICA
TION:
	 	Quar
terly
	
financial
	
results
	
and
	
newspaper
	
publications:
The
	fina
ncial
	r
esults
	ar
e
	publishe
d
	in
	pr
ominent
	daily
	newspaper
s
	viz.
	Business
	Standar
d
	(English
	daily)
	and
	Dinamani
	
(T
amil
	
daily
	
–
	
vernacular)
	
and
	
are
	
also
	
uploaded
	
on
	
the
	
website
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
at
	
https://indianippon.com/investor/
	
 
Website
The
	Company
	ha
s
	dedicated
	“Inv
estors”
	section
	on
	its
	website
	viz.
	https://indianippon.com/inv
estor/
		wher
ein
	any
	person
	
can
	access
	the
	corporate
	policies,
	Boar
d
	committee
	char
ters,
	Annual
	Repor
ts,
	financial
	r
esults,
	inv
estor
	pr
esentation
	and
	
shar
eholding
	det
ails
	etc.
	The
	Company
	ensur
es
	dissemination
	of
	applicable
	information
	under
	Regulation
	46(2)
	of
	the
	
Listing
	
Regulations
	
on
	
the
	
Company’s
	
website.
	
F
urther,
	the
	Company
	also
	ensur
es
	that
	the
	content
	on
	the
	website
	of
	the
	Company
	is
	corr
ect
	and
	updated
	within
	
pr
escribed
	
timelines.
 Inv
estor Presentation:
The
	Company
	also
	mak
es
	a
	pr
esentation
	at
	the
	Inv
estors
	and
	Analysts
	meets,
	the
	par
ticulars
	of
	which
	ar
e
	disclosed
	to
	the
	
Stock
	Ex
changes
	befor
e
	such
	par
ticipation,
	as
	r
equired
	under
	the
	SEBI
	(Listing
	Obligations
	and
	Disclosur
e
	Requir
ements)
	
Regulations,
	
2015.
 Sto
ck Exchange:
The
	Company
	mak
es
	timely
	disclosur
es
	of
	necessar
y
	information
	to
	BSE
	Limited
	(BSE)
	and
	the
	National
	Stock
	Ex
change
	
of
	
India
	
Limited
	
(NSE)
	
in
	
terms
	
of
	
the
	
Listing
	
Regulations
	
and
	
other
	
applicable
	
rules
	
and
	
regulations
	
issued
	
by
	
the
	
SEBI.
12.
 O
THER DISCLOSURES:
 Related par
ty transactions:
The
	Company
	has
	adopted
	a
	P
olicy
	on
	Materiality
	of
	
Related
	P
arty
	T
ransactions
	and
	on
	dealing
	with
	Related
	
P
arty
	 T
ransactions.
	 During
	 FY
	 2024-25,
	 all
	 Related
	
P
arty
	T
ransactions
	enter
ed
	into
	b
y
	the
	Company
,
	wer
e
	
appr
oved
	 b
y
	 the
	 A
udit
	 Committee
	 and
	 wer
e
	 in
	 the
	
or
dinary
	course
	of
	business
	and
	at
	arm
’s
	length
	basis.
	
The
	stat
ement
	of
	Related
	P
arty
	T
ransactions
	enter
ed
	
into
	b
y
	the
	Company
	is
	also
	pla
ced
	befor
e
	the
	A
udit
	
Committee
	
for
	
its
	
review
	
on
	
a
	
quarterly
	
basis.
During
	FY
	2024-25,
	the
	Company
	has
	not
	enter
ed
	into
	
any
	 materially
	 significant
	 r
elated
	 par
ty
	 transactions
	
that
	ma
y
	ha
ve
	potential
	conflict
	with
	the
	inter
ests
	of
	
the
	Company
	at
	lar
ge.
	Pursuant
	to
	amendments
	to
	the
	
SEBI
	(L
ODR)
	Regulations,
	the
	P
olicy
	on
	Materiality
	of
	
Related
	P
arty
	T
ransactions
	and
	dealing
	with
	Related
	
P
arties
	 was
	 r
eviewed
	 b
y
	 the
	 A
udit
	 Committee
	 and
	
based
	on	the
	r
ecommendation
	of
	A
udit
	Committee,
	the
	
Boar
d
	appr
oved
	the
	amendments
	to
	the
	P
olicy.
		 The
	
amended
	P
olicy
	is
	a
vailable
	on
	its
	website
	at
	https://
indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384572765-6-10
 
 Pr
ohibition of insider trading and code of corporate 
disclosure practices:
Pursuant
	to
	the
	amendments
	in
	SEBI
	(Pr
ohibition
	of
	
Insider
	T
rading)
	Regulations
	2015,
	the
	Company
	had
	
adopted
	a
	r
evised
	Code
	of
	Conduc
t
	to
	Regulate,
	Monitor
	
and
	Repor
t
	trading
	b
y
	its
	Designa
ted
	P
ersons
	and
	their
	
Immediate
	Relativ
es
	at
	the
	Boar
d
	meeting
	held
	on
	13th 
November,
	
2024.
The
	 Company
	 also
	 has
	 a
	 Code
	 of
	 Practices
	 and
	
Pr
ocedures
	for
	F
air
	Disclosur
e
	of
	Unpublished
	Price
	
Sensitiv
e
	Information
	for
	its
	management
	and
	staff.
	
The
	code
	la
ys
	down
	guidelines,
	which
	advises
	them
	
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 103 =====
100
India Nippon Electricals Limited
on	pr ocedures 	to 	be 	followed 	and 	disclosur es 	to 	be 	
made,
	while
	dealing
	with
	the
	shar
es
	of
	the
	Company
	
and
	cautioning
	them
	of
	the
	consequences
	of
	violations.
As
	 r
equired
	 b
y
	 the
	 Insider
	 T
rading
	 Regulations,
	
compliance
	with
	internal
	contr
ol
	o
ver
	insider
	trading
	is
	
cer
tified
	annually	b
y
	the
	Managing
	Dir
ector
	to
	the
	A
udit
	
Committee.
	The
	Compliance
	Officer
	is
	r
esponsible
	for
	
r
eporting
	all
	the	other
	Complian
ces
	with
	the
	Insider
	
T
rading
	Regulati
ons
	and
	the
	Codes
	to
	the
	Boar
d/
	A
udit
	
Committee.
 Quar
terly report on share capital audit:
Regulation
	76
	of
	SEBI
	(Deposito
ries
	and
	P
articipants)
	
Regulations,
	2018
	r
equires
	all
	the
	Companies
	to
	carr
y
	
out
	 a
	 shar
e
	 ca
pital
	 audit
	 b
y
	 a
	 qualified
	 Char
tered
	
Accountant
	 or
	 Company
	 Secr
etary
	 to
	 co
ver
	 the
	
following
	 aspects
	 and
	 cer
tify
	 among
	 others
	 that:
	
(i)
	th
e
	total
	sha
res
	held
	in
	NSD
L,
	CDSL
	and
	in
	the
	
physical
	 form
	 tally
	 with
	 the
	 issued/paid-up
	 capital;
	
(ii)
	the
	r
egister
	of
	members
	is
	updated
	and;
	(iii)
	the
	
dematerialization
	r
equests
	ha
ve
	been
	confirmed
	within
	
the
	pr
escribed
	timelines.
	The
	A
udit
	Repor
t
	shall
	contain
	
changes
	in
	shar
e
	capital
	consequent
	to
	rights,
	bonuses,
	
pr
eferential
	issues,
	buy-back
	of
	shar
es,
	amalgamation
	
and
	de-
merger,
	etc.
	during
	the	quar
ter.
	The
	auditor
	
has
	to
	also
	r
eport
	whether
	in-principle
	appr
oval
	for
	
listing
	the
	shar
es
	has
	been
	obt
ained
	fr
om
	the
	Stock
	
Ex
changes
	
in
	
respect
	
of
	
the
	
further
	
issue
	
of
	
capital.
	
The
	 Repor
t
	 on
	 Reconciliation
	 of
	 Shar
e
	 Capital
	 was
	
submitted
	b
y
	the
	Company
	to
	th
e
	Stock
	Ex
changes
	on
	
a
	qu
arterly
	basis
	within
	30
	da
ys
	fr
om
	the
	end
	of
	each
	
quar
ter.
 Dis
closure on Financial Ratios:
The
	disclosur
e
	on
	financial
	ratios
	ar
e
	pr
ovided
	as
	par
t
	of
	
the
	
Management
	
Discussion
	
&
	
Analysis
	
Report
	
(MDA).
	
Details 
of non-compliance by the listed entity, 
penalties, strictures imposed on the listed entity 
by stock exchange(s) or the board or any statutory 
authority, on any matter related to capital markets, 
during the last three years;
No
	such
	e
vent
	was
	r
eported
	durin
g
	the
	last
	thr
ee
	y
ears.
 
 Dis
closure by listed entity and its subsidiaries of 
‘Loans
	and
	adv
ances
	in
	the
	nat
ure
	of
	loans
	to
	firms/
companies 
in which directors are interested by name 
and amount’:
During 	the 	y ear 	under 	r eview, 	no	loans 	wer e 	giv en 	to 	
firms/companies
	
in
	
which
	
Directors
	
are
	
interested.
 Vig
il mechanism and Whistle Blower Policy
The
	Company
	is
	committed
	to
	the
	highest
	standar
ds
	
of
	 ethic
al,
	 moral,
	 and
	 legal
	 bu
siness
	 conduct.
	 The
	
Company
	has
	adopted
	a
	Whistle
	Blower
	P
olicy
	and
	an
	
eff
ective
	vigil
	mechanism
	system
	to
	pr
ovide
	a
	formal
	
mechanism
	 to
	 its
	 Dir
ectors,
	 emplo
yees,
	 customers,
	
suppliers,
	 shar
eholders
	 and
	 business
	 associates
	 to
	
v
oice
	co
ncerns
	in
	a
	r
esponsible
	and
	eff
ective
	manner
	
r
egarding
	 suspected
	 unethical
	 matters
	 inv
olving
	
serious
	malpractice,
	abuse
	or
	wr
ongdoing
	within
	the
	
or
ganization
	and	also
	saf
eguards
	against
	victimization
	
of
	Dir
ectors/
	emplo
yees
	and
	bus
iness
	associates
	who
	
a
vail
	
of
	
the
	
mechanism.
	
The
	vigil
	mechan
ism
	as
	envisag
ed
	in
	the
	Act
	and
		the
	
Listing
	Regulations
	is
	implemented
	thr
ough
	the
	Code
	
of
	Conduct
	for
	Emplo
yees
	and
	Business
	Ethics
	and
	
Whistle
	Blower
	P
olicy.
	In
	accor
dance
	with
	the
	P
olicy,
	
an
	Ethics
	Committee
	has
	been
	constituted
	comprising
	
of
	senior
	members
	of
	the
	Company
	for
	r
eceiving
	and
	
inv
estigating
	all
	complaints
	and
	pr
otected
	disclosur
es
	
under
	Whistle
	Blo
wer
	P
olicy.
	Emplo
yees
	of
	the
	Company
	
or
	busin
ess
	par
tners
	can
	mak
e
	pr
otected
	disclosur
es
	
to
	the
	Ethics
	Committee
	thr
ough
	the
	Ethics
	Hotline
	
(toll-fr
ee
	number	1800
	100
	4635
	/web
	r
eporting
	facility
	
at
	http://
www.in.kpmg.com/ethicshelpline/inel)
	and/or
	
any
	other
	written
	communication
	b
y
	sending
	it
	to
	the
	
Register
ed
	Office
	of
	the
	Company
	or
	via
	email
	to
	inel@
ethicshelpline.in
		
or
	
oral
	
means
	
of
	
communication.
No
	person
	has
	been
	denied
	acce
ss
	to
	the
	Chairperson
	
of
	th
e
	A
udit
	Committee.
	Details
	of
	the
	Vigil
	Mechanism
	
and
	 Whistle
	 Blower
	 P
olicy
	 is
	 a
vailable
	 at
	 the
	 link:
	
https://indianippon.com/policies/.
	 During
	 the
	 y
ear
	
under
	r
eview,
	an	emplo
yee
	sensitization
	pr
ogram
	was
	
conducted
	
for
	
all
	
employees
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
 Details of compliance of ma
ndatory requirements: 
The
	 Company
	 complies
	 with
	 all
	 the
	 corporate
	
go
vernance
	 r
equirements
	 under
	 SEBI
	 L
ODR
	
Regulations,
	201
5
	as
	amended
	fr
om
	time
	to
	time
	and
	
specifically
	 to
	 the
	 r
equirements
	 under
	 Regulation
	
17
	to	27
	and
	cla
uses
	(b)
	to
	(i)
	of
	sub
	r
egulation
	(2)
	of
	
Regulation
	
46.
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 104 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
101
Annual Report 2024-25
  Details of compliance of non- mandatory Requirements: 
The
	Company
	ha
s
	fulfilled
	the
	following
	non-mandator
y
	
r
equirements
	as
	pr
escribed
	in
	P
art
	E
	of
	Schedule
	II
	
as
	mentioned
	under
	Regulation	27
	(1)
	of
	Securities
	
and
	 Ex
change
	 Boar
d
	 of
	 India	 (Listing
	 Obligations
	
and
	Disclosur
e
	Requir
ements)
	Regulations,
	2015
	as
	
amended.
	 	Modified 	 op inion(s) 	 in 	 aud it 	 r eport: 	During 	the 	
y
ear
	under
	r
eview,
	ther
e
	is
	no
	audit
	qualification
	
on
	 the
	 Compa
ny’s
	 financial
	 statements.
	 The
	
Company
	continues
	to
	adopt
	best
	practices
	to
	
ensur
e
	
regime
	
of
	
unmodified
	
audit
	
opinion.
  Rep orting of Internal Auditor: 	The 	Internal 	A uditor 	
r
eports
	functionally
	to
	the
	A
udit
	Committee
	of
	the
	
Company
	and
	administrativ
ely
	to
	the
	Managing
	
Dir
ector.
	He
	par
ticipates
	in
	the
	meetings
	of
	the
	
A
udit
	Committee
	of
	the
	Compa
ny
	and
	pr
esents
	
his
	 inte
rnal
	 au
dit
	 obser
vations
	 to
	 the
	 A
udit
	
Committee.
  Shareholder rights:	The 	Compa ny 	r egularly 	does 	
statutor
y
	filings
	as
	r
equired
	und
er
	SEBI
	(L
ODR)
	
Regulations,
	2015
	as
	amended
	and
	also
	updates
	
the
	website
	of
	the
	Company
	on
	a
	r
egular
	basis.
	
The
	financial
	r
esults
	as
	and
	when
	appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	
Boar
d
	ar
e
	hosted
	on
	the
	inv
estor
	column
	of
	the
	
Company
’s
	web
site
	fr
om
	which
	any
	shar
eholder
	
can
	 eas
ily
	 acc
ess
	 and
	 obtai
n
	 the
	 r
equisite
	
information
	
about
	
the
	
Company.
  Green Initiative: As 	 a 	 r esponsible 	 corporate 	
citiz
en,
	the
	Company
	welcomes
	and
	suppor
ts
	the
	
‘Gr
een
	 I
nitiative’
	 under
taken
	 b
y
	 the
	 Ministr
y
	 of
	
Corporate
	Affair
s,
	Go
vernment
	of
	India,
	enabling
	
electr
onic
	 deliv
ery
	 of
	 documen
ts
	 including
	 the
	
Annual
	 Repor
t,
	 to
	 Shar
eholders
	 at
	 their
	 e-mail
	
addr
ess
	pr
eviously
	r
egistered
	with
	the
	DPs
	and
	
R
TA.
	Sha
reholders
	who
	ha
ve
	no
t
	r
egistered
	their
	
e-mail
	addr
esses
	ar
e
	r
equested
	to
	do
	the
	same.
	
Those
	holding
	shar
es
	in
	Demat
	form
	can
	r
egister
	
their
	e-mail
	add
ress
	with
	their
	concerned
	DPs.
	
Shar
eholders
	who
	hold
	shar
es
	in
	physical
	form
	
ar
e
	r
equested
	to	r
egister
	their
	e-mail
	addr
esses
	
with
	the
	R
TA,
	b
y
	sending
	a
	letter
,
	duly
	signed
	b
y
	the
	
first/sole
	
holder
	
quoting
	
details
	
of
	
Folio
	
Number.
  P olicy for Material Subsidiaries:
	 	As
	 stipulat
ed
	 under
	 Regulat
ion
	 16(1)(c)
	 of
	 the
	
Listing
	Regulations,
	the
	Company
	has
	a
	policy
	
for
	deter
mining
	Material
	Subsidia
ries.
	With
	r
ecent
	
amendments
	 to	 SEBI
	 (L
ODR)
	 Regulations,
	 the
	
P
olicy
	was
	r
eviewed
	b
y
	the
	A
udit
	Committee
	and
	
based
	 on
	 its
	 r
ecommendations
	 the
	 amended
	
policy
	was
	appr
oved
	b
y
	the
	Bo
ard
	of
	Dir
ectors.
	
The
	 upd
ated
	 P
olicy
	 on
	 Mate
rial
	 Subsidiaries
	
is
	 a
vailable
	 at
	 https://i
ndianippon.com/
policies/#tab-1538384628717-9-10.
	 	How
ever,
	 the
	 Company
	 does	 not
	 ha
ve
	 any
	
material
	 Subsidiar
y.
	 PT
	 A
utomotive
	 Systems
	
Indonesia
	(PT
ASI)
	had
	applied
	for
	liquidation,
	and
	
the
	 fina
l
	 accoun
tability
	 r
eport
	 of
	 the
	 liquidator
,
	
dated
	10th	Janu ary 	2025, 	was 	duly 	appr oved 	b y 	
the
	
shareholders
	
of
	
the
	
company.
	 	Sub
sequently,
	the
	winding-
up
	pr
ocess
	of
	PT
ASI
	
has
	been	comple
ted,
	and
	the
	liquidation
	pr
oceeds
	
wer
e
	r
eceived
	on
	24th	June 	2025. 	The 	company 	
is
	 curr
ently
	 awaiting
	 confirmation
	 fr
om
	 the
	
Indonesian
	authorities
	r
egarding
	the
	r
emoval
	of
	
its
	
name
	
from
	
the
	
Register
	
of
	
Companies.
	 	Hen
ce,
	 the	 disclosur
e
	 on
	 details
	 of
	 material
	
subsidiaries
	of
	the
	listed
	entity;
	including
	the
	date
	
and
	place
	of
	incorporation
	and
	the
	name
	and
	date
	
of
	appointment
	of
	the
	statutor
y
	auditors
	of
	such
	
subsidiaries
	
is
	
not
	
applicable.
 
   Commodity Price & F
oreign Exchange Risk and 
hedging:
	 	The	 Compa
ny’s
	 exposur
e
	 to	 copper
	 was
	
material
	 for
	 the
	 y
ear
	 unde
r
	 r
eview.
	 Any
	
exposur
e
	 to
	 com
modities
	 is
	 managed
	 thr
ough
	
cost
	 co
mpensation
	 pr
ovisions
	 with
	 all
	 major
	
customers
	which
	pr
ovides
	for
	compensation
	for
	
major
	 raw
	 mate
rial
	 cost
	 v
ariations.
	 Quotations
	
ar
e
	giv
en
	and
	prices
	ar
e
	settled
	with
	the
	base
	
r
eference
	for
	raw
	material
	prices
	and
	F
orex
	rates
	
to
	facilita
te
	com
pensation
	for
	escalation
	of
	costs
	
b
y
	Customers.
	Costs
	ar
e
	also
	an
alyzed
	with
	that
	
of
	comp
etitors
	thr
ough
	financial
	benchmarking.
	
As
	such
	ther
e
	is
	no
	separate
	hedging
	carried
	out
	
b
y
	
the
	
Company
	
to
	
cover
	
the
	
commodity
	
risk.
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 105 =====
102
India Nippon Electricals Limited
 The followi ng table provides the details of exposure as on 31st March, 2025:
Commodity 
Name
Exposure in Rs. 
Lakhs towards 
particular 
commodity
Exposure in 
quantity terms 
towards particulars 
commodity (in Kgs)
% of such exposure hedged through commodity derivatives
Domestic market International market Total
OTC Exchange OTC Exchange
COPPER 17,379 1,990,759 Nil Nil Nil 			
Nil Nil
  Details 
of utilization of funds raised through 
preferential
	 allotment
	 or
	 qualified
	 institutions
	
placement
	
as
	
specified
	
under
	
Regulation
	
32
	
(7A)
	 The 	 Company
	 did
	 not
	 raise
	 any
	 funds
	 thr
ough
	
pr
eferential
	 allotment
	 or
	 qualified
	 institutional
	
placement
	
that
	
are
	
unutilized.
 Dis
closure relating to Audit fees
	 The 	total
	f
ee
	paid
	to
	Statuto
ry
	A
uditors
	of
	the
	Company
	
inclusiv
e
	of
	f
ee
	paid
	for
	all
	ser
vices
	r
eceived
	b
y
	the
	
Company
	
for
	
the
	
year
	
2024-25
	
is
	`
	
30
	
Lakhs.
 
 Dis
closure on outstanding Global Depository Receipts 
or American Depository Receipts or warrants or any 
convertible instruments, conversion date and likely 
impact on equity;
	 Not
	
applicable
 Dis
closure on credit ratings:
	 No
	cr
edit
	ratings
	wer
e
	obtai
ned
	b
y
	the
	Company
	during
	
the
	
FY
	
2024-25.
	 A
	 cer
tificate
	 fr
om
	 the
	 S
ecretarial
	 A
uditor
	 of
	 the
	
Company
	r
egarding
	non
	disqual
ification
	of
	any
	of
	the
	
Dir
ectors
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
is
	
annexed
	
to
	
this
	
Report.
 
 Dis
closure relating to Sexual Harassment of Women 
at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) 
Act, 2013:
	 The
	 Company
	 is
	 committed	 to
	 ensuring
	 that
	 all
	
emplo
yees
	 work
	 in
	 an
	 envir
onment
	 that
	 not
	 only
	
pr
omotes
	div
ersity
	and
	equality
	but
	also
	mutual
	trust,
	
equal
	
opportunity
	
and
	
respect
	
for
	
human
	
rights.
	
	
As
	per
	the
	r
equirement
	of
	the
	Sexual
	Harassment
	of
	
W
omen
	 at
	 W
orkplace
	 (Pr
evention,
	 Pr
ohibition
	 	and
	
Redr
essal)
	Act,
	2013
	and
	the
	Rules
	made
	ther
eunder,
	
the
	 Company
	 has
	 adopted
	 a
	 gender
	 neutral
	 P
olicy
	
for
	 Pr
evention,
	 Pr
ohibition
	 and
	 Redr
essal
	 of
	 Sexual
	
Harassment
	of
	W
omen
	at
	W
orkplace,
	for
	the
	pr
evention
	
of
	 sexua
l
	 haras
sment
	 which
	 is
	 aimed
	 at
	 pr
oviding
	
all
	 emplo
yees
	 a
	 saf
e,
	 secur
e
	 and
	 dignified
	 work
	
envir
onment
	and	constituted
	an
	Internal
	Complaints
	
Committee
	to
		deal
	with
	compla
ints
	r
elating
	to
	sexual
	
harassment
		at
	workplace.
	F
urther,
	the
	P
olicy
	also
	giv
es
	
shelter
	to
	contract
	work
ers,
	pr
obationers,
	temporar
y
	
emplo
yees,
	trainees,
	appr
entices
	of
	the
	Company
	and
	
any
	 person
	 visiting
	 the
	 Company
	 at
	 its
	 office.
	 The
	
Company
	 has
	 in
	 place
	 an
	 eff
ective
	 mechanism
	 for
	
dealing
	with
	com
plaints
	r
elating
	to
	sexual
	harassment
	
at
	
workplace.
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
	 The 	 number 	 of 	 complaints 	 received, 	 disposed 	 off 	 and 	 pending 	 as 	 on 	 31 	 March 	 2025 	 are 	 given 	 below:
Particulars Number of Complaints
Filed
	
during
	
the
	
financial
	
year 2
Disposed
	
off
	
during
	
the
	
year 2
Pending
	
at
	
the
	
end
	
of
	
the
	
financial
	
year 0
 Dis
closure related to Code of Conduct
	 The 	Company
’s
	Code
	of
	conduct
	and
	Business
	Ethics
	ha
ve
	been
	displa
yed
	on
	the
	website
	and
	is
	a
vailable
	at
	https://
indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384514950-3-5.
	
All
	members
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	and
	Senior
	Management
	P
ersonnel
	ha
ve
	confirmed
	compliance
	with
	the
	Code
	for
	the
	y
ear
	
ended 31st	March,	2025.	The	Annual	Report	contains	a	declaration	 to 	 this 	 effect 	 signed 	 by 	 Managing 	 Director. 	
	
The	Senior
	Management
	P
ersonnel
	ha
ve
	made
	disclosur
es
	to
	the
	Boar
d
	r
elating
	to
	all
	material,
	financial
	and
	other
	
transactions
	
stating
	
that
	
they
	
did
	
not
	
have
	
personal
	
interest
	
that
	
could
	
result
	
in
	
conflict
	
of
	
interest
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
===== PAGE 106 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
103
Annual Report 2024-25
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
 W ebsite disclosure of Policies
	 The 	Boar
d,
	in
	line
	with
	Companies
	Act,
	2013
	and
	SEBI
	(List
ing
	Obligations
	and
	Disclosur
e
	Requir
ements)
	Regulations,
	
2015
	had
	formulated
	following
	policies
	and
	can
	be
	accessed
	on
	the
	Company
’s
	website
	at
	https://indianippon.com/
policies/
Name of the Policy Weblink
Policy
	
for
	
determining
	
‘materiality’
	
for
	
disclosure
	
of
	
e
vents
	
/
	
information
	
to
	
Stock
	
Exchanges
https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384612071-8-1
	
P
olicy
	
for
	
preservation
	
and
	
archival
	
of
	
documents https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384669736-10-8	
Nomination
	
and
	
Remuneration
	
Policy https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384687615-11-6
	
Code
	
of
	
Conduct
	
and
	
Business
	
Ethics https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384514950-3-5	
Corporate
	
Social
	
Responsibility
	
Policy https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384386-2-40	
Code
	
of
	
Conduct
	
to
	
Regulate,
	
Monitor
	
and
	
Report
	
T
rading
	
by
	
Designated
	
Persons
	
and
	
their
	
Immediate
	
Relativ
es
https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384729246-12-3	
Material
	
Subsidiary
	
Policy https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384628717-9-10	
Related
	
Party
	
Transaction
	
Policy https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384572765-6-10	
Code
	
of
	
Practices
	
and
	
Procedures
	
for
	
Fair
	
Disclosure
	
of
	
Unpublished
	
Price
	
Sensitive
	
Information
https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384497094-2-8	
Whistle-Blower
	
Policy
	
&
	
Vigil
	
Mechanism https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384386-1-33	
Risk
	
Management
	
Policy https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384530822-4-0	
Dividend
	
Distribution
	
Policy https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1628351664078-13-5	
13.
 GENERAL INFORM
ATION FOR MEMBERS:
Annual	General	Meeting The 	 40th	AGM	of	the	Company	is	scheduled	to	be	held	on	19th	September,	2025	at	
10:00
	
A.M.
	
IST
	
through
	
Video
	
Conferencing
	
(‘VC’)/Other
	
Audio-Visual
	
Means
	
(‘OAVM’).
	
Deemed
	
venue
	
for
	
the
	
Meeting
	
will
	
be
	
Registered
	
Office
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
Financial
	
year 1st	April	to	31st March
Interim
	
Dividend
	
for
	
2024-25
	
@
	
`
	
12.5
	
per
	
equity
	
share
Declared
	
by
	
Board:
	
13th	February,	2025.	Record	Date:	21st	February,	2025	 
P
ayment
	
date:
	
10th	March,	2025
Book
	
closure
	
period
	
for
	
the
	
purpose
	
of
	
AGM
13th	September,	2025	to	19th	September,	2025	(both	days	inclusive)
Listing
	
on
	
Stock
	
exchange
	
&
	
pa
yment
	
of
	
listing
	
fee
The
	
Company’s
	
Shares
	
are
	
listed
	
on
	
BSE
	
Limited
	
and
	
National
	
Stock
	
Exchange
	
of
	
India
	
Limited.
The
	
annual
	
listing
	
fee
	
for
	
the
	
year
	
2024-25
	
has
	
been
	
paid
	
on
	
time.
The
	
address
	
of
	
the
	
exchanges
	
are
	
as
	
follows:
BSE
	
Limited:
	
Floor
	
25,
	
Phiroze
	
Jeejeebhoy
	
Towers,
	
Dalal
	
Street,
	
Mumbai
	
–
	
400
	
001.
National
	
Stock
	
Exchange
	
of
	
India
	
Limited:
Exchange
	
Plaza,
	
5th	Floor,	Plot	no	C	1,	G	Block,	IFB	Center,	Bandra	Kurla	Complex,	
Bandra,
	
Mumbai
	
-
	
400051.
Registrar
	
and
	
Share
	
Transfer
	
Agent
M/s
	
Cameo
	
Corporate
	
Services
	
Limited
ISIN INE092B01025
SEBI
	
Complaints
	
Redressal
	
Registration
	
Number
	
(SCORES)
i00062
CIN L31901TN1984PLC011021
===== PAGE 107 =====
104
India Nippon Electricals Limited
 Sha re transfer system:
M/s.
	Cameo
	Corporate
	Ser
vices
	Limited
	is
	the
	Registrar
	and
	Sha
re
	T
ransfer
	Agent
	of
	the
	Company
.
	All
	documents
	for
	
issue
	of
	letter
	of
	confirmation
	in
	r
elation
	to
	matters
	of
	transmission,
	duplicate
	shar
e
	cer
tificate(s),
	split,
	consolidation,
	
demat,
	r
emat
	an
d
	any
	other
	r
equest
	r
elating
	to
	securities
	of
	the
	Company
	should
	be
	sent
	to
	the
	addr
ess
	mentioned
	below
:
M/s.
	Cameo
	Corporate
	Ser
vices
	Limited,
	[Registration
	No.
	INR000003753]
	‘Subramanian
	Building’,
	No.1,
	Club
	House
	
Road,
	
Chennai
	
-
	
600002.
	
Tel:
	
(44)
	
40020734/735/
	
28460390
Pursuant
	to
	Regu
lation
	40
	of
	the
	SEBI
	Listing
	Regulations,
	2015,
	securities
	can
	be
	transf
erred
	only
	in
	dematerializ
ed
	form.
	
Members
	ar
e
	r
equested
	to
	conv
ert
	their
	physical
	holdings
	into
	demat
	form
	and
	ma
y
	write
	to
	the
	Company
	Secr
etary
	
at
	inv
estors@inel.co.in
	or
	to
	the
	Registrar
	and
	Shar
e
	T
ransfer
	Agent
	at
	https://wisdom.cameoindia.com.
	Shar
eholders’
	
r
equests
	for
	issue
	of
	letter
	of
	con
firmation
	for
	transmission/duplicate
	cer
tificates
	and
	other
	r
elated
	matters
	ar
e
	handled
	
b
y
	Registrar
	and	Shar
e
	T
ransfer
	Agent
	and
	ar
e
	eff
ected
	within
	the	stipulated
	timelines,
	if
	all
	the
	documents
	ar
e
	v
alid
	and
	
in
	
order.
 Dis
tribution of Equity Shareholding as on 31st March, 2025 (Pan Based)
Category (No. of Shares) No. of 
Shareholders
% to Total Shareholding % to Total
1-10 7,711 34.2422 34,643 0.1531
11-50 6,366 28.2695 1,88,183 0.8319
51-100 2,671 11.8611 2,25,494 0.9968
101-500 3,467 15.3959 8,79,303 3.8870
501-5,000 2,168 9.6274 31,89,201 14.0981
5,001-10,000 81 0.3597 5,60,916 2.4796
10,001-50,000 47 0.2087 10,15,172 4.4877
50,001-1,00,000 2 0.0089 1,37,500 0.6078
1,00,001
	
&
	
above 6 0.0266 1,63,91,012 72.4579
Total 22,519 100.0000 2,26,21,424 100.0000
 P
attern of Equity shareholding as on 31st March, 2025
Members No. of shares held % of total shares held
Promoter
	
&
	
Promoter
	
group 1,59,19,122 70.37
Foreign
	
Portfolio
	
Investor 44,055 0.20
HUF 3,29,074 1.45
Body
	
Corporate 3,49,134 1.54
IEPF
	
Authority 1,14,538 0.51
Individuals 56,65,041 25.04
NRIs 1,51,187 0.67
Others
	
(LLP,
	
Clearing
	
members
	
&
	
Unclaimed
	
Suspense
	
Account) 49,273 0.22
Total 2,26,21,424 100.00
 Demateriali
zation of Shares and Liquidity
As
	on
	31st	Mar ch, 	2025, 	ou t 	of 	the	total 	2,26,21,424 	shar es 	of 	the 	Company , 	2,24,64,631 	shar es 	wer e 	held 	in 	dematerializ ed 	
form
	
and
	
1,56,793
	
shares
	
were
	
held
	
in
	
physical
	
mode.
	
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 108 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
105
Annual Report 2024-25
The	shareholding	pattern	in	physical	and	demat	is	given	as	under:
Particulars Physical Mode Dematerialized 
mode
Total
A) Promoter holding
M/s.
	
Lucas
	
Indian
	
Service
	
Limited - 1,59,07,374 1,59,07,374
Ms.
	
Sheela
	
Balaji - 3,712 3,712
B) Promoter group holding
Mr.
	
T
	
K
	
Balaji - 1,694 1,694
Ms.
	
Vatsala
	
Raghu - 542 542
Mr.
	
Sowmyan
	
Ramakrishnan - 4,308 4,308
Mr.
	
V
	
A
	
Raghu - 8 8
Ms.
	
Mala
	
Ramakrishnan - 742 742
Ms.
	
Vijaya
	
Mohanram - 742 742
Total Promoter and Promoter group holding 1,59,19,122 1,59,19,122
C) Public holding 1,56,793 65,45,509 67,02,302
Total 1,56,793 2,24,64,631 2,26,21,424
Total
	
(In
	
%) 0.69% 99.31% 100.00%
As
	on
	31st	Mar ch, 	2025, 	th e 	total 	number 	of 	members 	holding 	shar es 	in 	phy sical 	mode 	has 	r educed 	fr om 	171 	members 	
holding
	
1,90,116
	
shares
	
at
	
the
	
beginning
	
of
	
the
	
year
	
to
	
136
	
members
	
holding
	
1,56,793
	
shares
	
at
	
the
	
end
	
of
	
the
	
year.
 Details of non-compliance,
 if any:
During
	th
e
	last
	th
ree
	y
ears,
	ther
e
	wer
e
	no
	instances
	of
	non-compliance
	b
y
	the
	Company
	and
	no
	penalty
	or
	strictur
es
	wer
e
	
imposed
	on
	the
	Company
	b
y
	the	Stock
	Ex
changes
	or
	SEBI
	or
	any	statutor
y
	authority
,
	on
	any
	matter
	r
elated
	to
	the
	capital
	
mark
ets.
	
There
	
were
	
no
	
instances
	
where
	
trading
	
in
	
securities
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
was
	
suspended.
The
	Company
	has
	also
	complied
	with
	the
	r
equirements
	of
	Corpora
te
	Go
vernance
	Repor
t
	of
	P
aras
	(2)
	to
	(10)
	mentioned
	in
	
P
art
	‘C’
	and
	P
arts
	‘D’
	to
	‘G’
	of
	Schedule
	V
	of
	the
	Listing
	Regulations
	and
	disclosed
	necessar
y
	information
	as
	specified
	in
	
Regulation
	17
	to	27
	and
	Regulatio
n
	46(2)
	(b)
	to
	(i)
	and
	(t)
	of
	the
	Listing
	Regulations
	in
	the
	r
espective
	places
	in
	this
	Repor
t.
 T
ransfer of shares to IEPF Authority
As
	per
	S
ection
	124(6)
	of
	the
	Companies
	Act,
	2013
	r
ead
	with
	the
	Inv
estor
	E
ducation
	and
	Pr
otection
	F
und
	A
uthority
	
(Accounting,
	A
udit,
	T
ransfer
	and
	Refund)Rules,
	2016
	(“IEPF
	Rules”)
	as
	amended
	fr
om
	time
	to
	time,
	all
	the
	shar
es
	in
	r
espect
	
of
	which	dividen
d
	has
	r
emained
	unpaid/
	unclaimed
	for
	se
ven
	consecutiv
e
	y
ears
	or
	mor
e
	ar
e
	r
equired
	to
	be
	transf
erred
	
electr
onically
	
to
	
the
	
Demat
	
Account
	
opened
	
in
	
the
	
name
	
of
	
IEPF
	
Authority
	
by
	
the
	
Ministry
	
of
	
Corporate
	
Affairs.
During
	the
	y
ear,
	the
	Company
	has
	sent
	individual
	notices
	to
	all
	the
	Members
	whose
	dividends
	ar
e
	lying
	unpaid/
	unclaimed
	
against
	their
	name
	for
	se
ven
	consecutiv
e
	y
ears
	and
	followed
	other
	pr
ocedures
	seeking
	action
	fr
om
	the
	Members.
	The
	list
	
of
	such
	Members
	is
	displa
yed
	on
	the
	website
	of
	the
	Company
.
	In
	compliance
	with
	the
	afor
esaid
	pr
ovisions,
	the
	Company
	
has
	
transferred
	
the
	
unclaimed
	
shares
	
to
	
IEPF
	
account
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 109 =====
106
India Nippon Electricals Limited
The	details	of	Dividend	remitted	to	IEPF:
Financial year to which the 
Dividend pertains
Dividend declared on Amount transferred to IEPF Date of transfer to IEPF
2016-17
	
(II
	
Interim) 30th	March,	2017 4,57,704 28th	May,	2024
2017-18
	
(I
	
Interim) 29th	January,	2018 4,07,952 26th	March,	2025
2017-18
	
(II
	
Interim) 8th	May,	2018 4,81,026 23rd	June,	2025
In
	accor
dance
	with
	IEPF
	Rules,
	the
	shar
es
	on
	which
	dividend
	has
	not
	been
	paid
	or
	claimed
	b
y
	the
	Shar
eholder
	for
	
se
ven
	co
nsecutive
	y
ears
	or
	mor
e
	shall
	also
	be
	transf
erred
	to
	dem
at
	account
	of
	the
	IEPF
	A
uthority.
	The
	details
	of
	shar
es
	
transf
erred
	
during
	
the
	
year:
Financial year Number of shares transferred to IEPF 
Authority
Date of transfer to IEPF Authority
2016-17
	
(I
	
Interim) 6,320 1st	May,	2024
2016-17
	
(II
	
Interim) 256 3rd	July,	2024
2017-18(I
	
Interim) 6,530 18th	April,	2025
2017-18(II
	
Interim) 666 10th	July,	2025
In
	case
	the
	divide
nds
	ar
e
	not
	clai
med
	within
	the
	due
	date(s)
	for
	th
e
	subsequent
	y
ears,
	necessar
y
	steps
	will
	be
	initiated
	b
y
	
the
	Company
	to
	transf
er
	shar
es
	held
	b
y
	the
	members
	to
	IEPF
.
	Please
	note
	that
	no
	claim
	shall
	lie
	against
	the
	Company
	in
	
r
espect
	of
	the
	shar
es
	so
	transf
erred
	to
	IEPF
.
	As
	r
equired
	under
	the	said
	pr
ovisions,
	all
	subsequent
	
corporate
	
benefits
	that
	
accrue
	
in
	
relation
	
to
	
the
	
above
	
shares
	
will
	
also
	
be
	
credited
	
to
	
the
	
said
	
IEPF
	
Account.
In
	the
	e
vent
	of
	a
	transf
er
	of
	shar
es
	and
	the
	unclaimed
	dividends	to
	IEPF
,
	Members
	ar
e
	entitled
	to
	claim
	the
	same
	fr
om
	
IEPF
	b
y
	submitti
ng
	an
	online
	app
lication
	in
	the
	pr
escribed
	F
orm
	I
EPF-5.
	Printout
	of
	the
	duly
	completed
	IEPF
	-
	5
	and
	the
	
acknowledgment
	issued
	after
	uploading
	the
	form
	will
	ha
ve
	to
	be
	submitted
	together
	with
	an
	Indemnity
	Bond
	in
	original
	
along
	with
	the
	other
	documents
	as
	mentioned
	in
	the
	F
orm
	IEPF-5
	to
	the
	Nodal
	Officer
	of
	the
	Company
	viz.,
	Ms.
	S
	Logitha,
	
in
	an	env
elope
	mark
ed
	“Claim
	for
	a
	r
efund
	fr
om
	IEPF
	A
uthority”.
	I
n
	the
	pr
ocess,
	general
	information
	about
	the
	Company
	
which
	
has
	
to
	
be
	
provided
	
are
	
as
	
under:
(a)
	
Corporate
	
Identification
	
Number
	
(CIN)
	
of
	
the
	
Company:-
	
L31901TN1984PLC011021,
	
(b)
	
Name
	
of
	
the
	
Company:-India
	
Nippon
	
Electricals
	
Limited,
	
(c)
	
Address
	
of
	
registered
	
office
	
of
	
the
	
Company:
	
No.11
	
&
	
13,
	
Patullos
	
Road,
	
Chennai-600002,
(d)
	
Email
	
ID:-
	
investors@inel.co.in
 Req
uest to Investors
Members
	who
	ha
ve
	not
	encashed
	their
	dividend
	warrants
	in
	r
espect
	of
	unpaid
	dividend
	declar
ed
	for
	the
	FY
	2018-19
	
and
	for
	any
	financial
	y
ear
	ther
eafter
	ma
y
	contact
	the
	Company
	and
	surr
ender
	their
	warrants
	for
	pa
yment
	or
	write
	to
	the
	
Company
	
with
	
folio
	
number
	
and
	
details.
	
Members
	ar
e
	r
equested
	to
	note
	that
	the
	dividend
	not
	claimed
	for
	a
	period
	of
	se
ven
	y
ears
	fr
om
	the
	date
	the
y
	became
	
due
	for
	pa
yment
	shall
	be
	transf
erred
	to
	Inv
estor
	E
ducation
	and
	Pr
otection
	F
und
	[IEPF]
	in
	terms
	of
	Section
	124
	of
	the
	
Companies
	
Act,
	
2013.
	
Information
	
in
	
respect
	
of
	
unclaimed
	
dividends
	
due
	
for
	
remittance
	
into
	
IEPF
	
is
	
given
	
below:
Financial Year Date of declaration % of 
Dividend
Date of transfer to 
special account
Due date for transfer 
of Dividend to IEPF
As of 31st March, 
2025 (`)
2018-19
	 
1st	Interim
9th	February,	2019 60 18 th	March,	2019 16 th	April,	2026 3,59,844.00
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 110 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
107
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Year Date of declaration % of 
Dividend
Date of transfer to 
special account
Due date for transfer 
of Dividend to IEPF
As of 31st March, 
2025 (`)
2018-19
	 
2nd	Interim
6th	April,	2019 80 13th	May,	2019 11th	June,	2026 4,76,676.00
2019-20 
1st	Interim
10th	February,	2020 60 18 th	March,	2020 16 th	April,	2027 3,50,112.00
2019-20
	 
2nd	Interim
16th	March,	2020 75 22 nd	April,	2020 21 st	May,	2027 4,85,140.00
2020-21
	
Interim 26 th	March,	2021 120 2 nd	May,	2021 31st	May,	2028 5,84,369.00
2021-22
	
Interim 10 th	February,	2022 125 19 th	March,	2022 17 th	April,	2029 5,82,698.25
2022-23
	
Interim 14 th	February,	2023 185 23 rd	March,	2023 21 st	April,	2030 6,63,599.25
2023-24
	
Interim 13th	February,	2024 205 21 st	March,	2024 19 th	April,	2031 7,86,441.75
2024-25
	
Interim* 13th	February,	2025 250 21 st	March,	2025 19 th	April,	2032 19,76,814.5
(*)
	
Interim
	
Dividend
	
for
	
2024-25
	
has
	
been
	
paid
	
on
	
10th	March,	2025
Inv
estors
	
are
	
requested
	
to
	
note
	
the
	
following:
•	 Investors
	ho
lding
	shar
es
	in
	physical
	mode
	ar
e
	r
equested
	to
	communicate
	the
	change
	of
	addr
ess,
	if
	any
,
	dir
ectly
	to
	the
	
Register
ed
	
Office
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
at
	
the
	
above
	
address
•	 As
	r
equired	b
y
	SEBI,
	inv
estors,
	who
	ha
ve
	not
	furnished
	so
	far
,
	ar
e
	advised
	to
	furnish
	details
	of
	their
	bank
	account
	
number
,
	name
	and
	addr
ess
	of
	th
e
	bank
	for
	incorporating
	the
	same
	in
	the
	dividend
	warrants.
	This
	information
	is
	
r
equired
	
to
	
avoid
	
wrong
	
credits
	
being
	
obtained
	
by
	
unauthorized
	
persons
•	 Investors
	who
	ha
ve
	not
	a
vailed
	nomination
	facility
	ar
e
	r
equested
	to
	fill
	in
	the
	nomination
	form
	and
	submit
	the
	same
	
to
	
the
	
Company
	
along
	
with
	
the
	
requisite
	
proof
	
of
	
nomination
•	 Investors
	ar
e
	r
equested
	to
	note
	that
	any
	dividend
	which
	r
emains
	unencashed
	for
	a
	period
	of
	se
ven
	y
ears
	will
	be
	
transf
erred
	
to
	
‘Investor
	
Education
	
and
	
Protection
	
Fund’
	
in
	
terms
	
of
	
Section
	
124
	
of
	
the
	
Companies
	
Act,
	
2013.
•	 Those
	who
	ha
ve
	not
	encash
ed
	their
	warrants
	ma
y
	contact
	the
	Company
	immediately
	and
	surr
ender
	their
	warrants
	
for fur
ther action
•	 Investors
	ho
lding
	shar
es
	in
	electr
onic
	form
	ar
e
	r
equested
	to
	deal
	only
	with
	their
	depositor
y
	par
ticipant
	in
	r
espect
	of
	
change
	
of
	
address,
	
nomination
	
facility
	
and
	
furnishing
	
bank
	
account
	
number.
•	 In
	terms
	of
	SEBI
	(L
ODR)
	Regulations,
	2015,
	a
	suspense
	acco
unt
	has
	been
	opened
	and
	all
	the
	unclaimed
	shar
es
	ha
ve
	
been
	
transferred
Disclosure
	in
	r
espect
	of
	equity
	shar
es
	transf
erred
	in
	the
	Company
’s
	unclaimed
	suspense
	account
	pursuant
	to
	the
	
r
equirement
	of
	Regulation
	34(3)
	and
	Schedule
	V
	P
art
	F
	of
	the
	Listing
	Regulations,
	the
	following
	table
	pr
ovides
	details
	in
	
r
espect
	
of
	
the
	
equity
	
shares
	
lying
	
in
	
the
	
suspense
	
account:
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
===== PAGE 111 =====
108
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Particulars Number of shareholders Number of equity shares
Aggregate
	
number
	
of
	
shareholders
	
and
	
the
	
outstanding
	
shar
es
	
in
	
the
	
suspense
	
account
	
lying
	
as
	
on
	
1st	April,	2024
19 21,232
Shar
eholders
	
who
	
approached
	
the
	
Company
	
for
	
transfer
	
of
	
shar
es
	
from
	
suspense
	
account
	
during
	
the
	
year
0 0
Shareholders
	
to
	
whom
	
shares
	
were
	
transferred
	
from
	
the
	
suspense
	
account
	
during
	
the
	
year
0 0
Unclaimed
	
shares
	
transferred
	
to
	
IEPF
	
during
	
the
	
year 5 4,174
Aggregate
	
number
	
of
	
shareholders
	
and
	
the
	
outstanding
	
shar
es
	
in
	
the
	
suspense
	
account
	
lying
	
as
	
on
	
31st		March,	2025
14 17,058
The
	Company
	ha
d
	alr
eady
	sent
	r
eminders
	to
	the
	Members
	for
	cla
iming
	those
	shar
es
	at
	their
	latest
	a
vailable
	addr
ess(es)
	
with
	
the
	
Company
	
or
	
Depository,
	
as
	
the
	
case
	
may
	
be.
All
	th
e
	co
rporate
	benefits
	in
	terms
	of
	securities
	accruing
	on
	those
	shar
es
	lik
e
	bonus
	shar
es,
	split
	etc.,
	would
	also
	be
	cr
edited
	
to
	unclaimed
	suspense
	account
	of
	the
	Company
.
	The
	v
oting
	rights
	on
	shar
es
	lying
	in
	unclaimed
	suspense
	account
	shall
	
r
emain
	
frozen
	
till
	
the
	
rightful
	
owner
	
claims
	
the
	
shares.
Plant Locations:
Unit	1 Hosur-Thalli 	 Road, 	 Uliveeranapalli, 	 Hosur 	 - 	 635114, 	 Tamil 	 Nadu. 	 Tel: 	 (4347) 	 233438
Unit
	
2 Madukarai
	
Road,
	
Kariamanickam
	
Village,
	
Nettapakkam
	
Commune,
	
Puducherry-605
	
106.
	
Tel:
	
(413)
	
2699052.
Unit
	
3 Masani
	
Village,
	
Rewari
	
District.
	
Haryana-122
	
106.
	
Tel:
	
(1274)
	
240860
R
	
&
	
D
	
Tech
	
Center Plot
	
No.137,
	
SIPCOT
	
Industrial
	
Complex,
	
Phase-I,
	
Mookandapalli,,
	
Zuzuvadi,
	
Hosur,
	
Krishnagiri-635126,
	
Tamil
	
Nadu
Address
	
for
	
Correspondence Registered
	
Office:
	
No.11
	
&
	
13,
	
Patullos
	
Road,
	
Chennai
	
600002.
	
Ph.
	
(44)
	
28460063/73.
	
F
or
	
investors
	
complaints:
	
investors@inel.co.in;
	
https://wisdom.cameoindia.com
Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)
Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding listed entities: 	The 	disclosur es 	made 	to 	the 	Stock 	Ex changes 	in 	this 	
connection
	
have
	
been
	
hosted
	
on
	
the
	
website
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
and
	
are
	
available
	
at
	
https://indianippon.com/investor/
===== PAGE 112 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
109
Annual Report 2024-25
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[Pursuant
	
to
	
SEBI
	
(Listing
	
Obligations
	
and
	
Disclosure
	
Requirements)
	
Regulations,
	
2015]
To
The
	
Members
INDIA NIPPON ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
No.
	
11
	
&
	
13,
	
(Old
	
No.
	
6
	
&
	
7)
	
Patullos
	
Road,
Chennai
	
-
	
600002
We,
	S.A.E
	&
	Associates
	LLP
,
	Company
	Secr
etaries
	ha
ve
	examined
	the
	compliance
	of
	conditions
	of
	Corporate
	Go
vernance
	b
y
	
India
	Nippon
	Electricals
	Limited
	(“the
	Company
”),
	ha
ving
	CIN
	L31901TN1984PL
C011021
	and
	r
egistered
	office
	at
	No.
	11
	&
	13,
	
(Old
	No.
	6
	&
	7)
	P
atullos
	Road,
	Che
nnai
	-
	600002,
	for
	the
	financial
	y
ear
	ended
	on
	31st	Mar ch, 	2025 	as 	stipulated 	in 	r egulations 	17 	
to
	27
	an
d
	clause
s
	(b)
	to
	(i)
	of
	r
egulation
	46
	(2)
	and
	paragraphs
	C,
	D
	and
	E
	of
	Schedule
	V
	of
	the
	Securities
	and
	Ex
change
	Boar
d
	
of
	
India
	
(Listing
	
Obligations
	
and
	
Disclosure
	
Requirements)
	
Regulations,
	
2015
	
(LODR).
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY:
The
	compliance
	of
	conditions
	of
	Corporate
	Go
vernance
	is
	the
	r
esponsibility
	of
	the
	management.
		This
	r
esponsibility
	includes
	
design,
	impleme
ntation
	and
	maintenance
	of
	internal
	contr
ol
	and
	pr
ocedures
	to
	ensur
e
	compliance
	with
	the
	conditions
	of
	
Corporate
	
Governance
	
as
	
stipulated
	
in
	
LODR.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY:
•	 Our
	r
esponsibility
	is
	limited
	to
	r
eview
	of
	the
	pr
ocedures
	and
	implementation
	ther
eof,
	adopted
	b
y
	the
	Company
	for
	ensuring
	
the
	com
pliance
	of
	the
	condition
s
	of
	corporate
	go
vernance.
		It
	is
	neither
	an
	audit
	nor
	an
	expr
ession
	of
	opinion
	on
	the
	
financial
	
statements
	
of
	
the
	
Company
	
•	
We
	ha
ve
	examined
	the
	r
ecords
	and
	documents
	of
	the
	Company
,
	to
	the
	extent
	r
elevant,
	for
	the
	purpose
	of
	pr
oviding
	
r
easonable
	
assurance
	
on
	
compliance
	
with
	
Corporate
	
Governance
	
requirements
	
by
	
the
	
Company
OPINION:
•	 To
	the
	best	of
	our
	informat
ion
	and
	based
	on
	our
	examinati
on
	of
	the
	r
elevant
	r
ecords
	and
	the
	explanations
	giv
en
	to
	us
	
and
	the
	r
epresentations
	pr
ovided
	b
y
	the
	dir
ectors
	and
	the
	manag
ement,
	we
	cer
tify
	that
	the
	Company
	has
	complied
	with
	
the
	cond
itions
	of
	corporate
	go
vernance
	as
	stipulated
	in
	Regulatio
n
	17
	to
	27
	and
	clauses
	(b)
	to
	(i)
	of
	r
egulation
	46(2)
	and
	
paragraphs
	
C,
	
D
	
and
	
E
	
of
	
Schedule
	
V
	
of
	
the
	
LODR,
	
during
	
the
	
financial
	
year
	
ended
	
31st	March,	2025
•	
We
	state
	th
at
	such
	complia
nce
	is
	neither
	an
	assurance
	as
	to
	the
	futur
e
	viability
	of
	the
	Company
	nor
	of
	the
	efficiency
	or
	
eff
ectiveness
	
with
	
which
	
the
	
management
	
has
	
conducted
	
the
	
affairs
	
of
	
the
	
Company
For S.A.E. & Associates LLP
Company
	
Secretaries
Sri Vidhya Kumar, Partner
FCS.
	
No.
	
11114,
	
C.P.
	
NO.
	
20181
FRN:
	
L2018TN004700
Place:
	
Chennai Peer
	
Review
	
Certificate
	
No.
	
2822/2022
Date:
	
13th	August	2025 UDIN: 	 F011114G001005591
===== PAGE 113 =====
110
India Nippon Electricals Limited
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR
	
THE
	
FINANCIAL
	
YEAR
	
ENDED
	
31st	MARCH,	2025
T
o
The
	
Members,
INDIA NIPPON ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
No.
	
11
	
&
	
13,
	
(Old
	
No.
	
6
	
&
	
7)
	
Patullos
	
Road,
Chennai
	
-
	
600002.
We
	ha
ve
	conduc
ted
	the
	secr
etarial
	audit
	of
	the
	compliance
	of
	applicable
	statutor
y
	pr
ovisions
	and
	the
	adher
ence
	to
	good
	
corporate
	practices
	b
y
	India
	Nippon
	Electricals
	Limited
	(her
einafter
	called
	“the
	Company
”).
	Secr
etarial
	audit
	was
	conducted
	in
	
a
	manner
	that
	pr
ovided
	us
	a
	r
easonable
	basis
	for
	e
valuating
	the	corporate
	conducts/statutor
y
	compliances
	and
	expr
essing
	
our
	
opinion
	
thereon.
Based
	on	our
	v
erification
	of
	the
	Company
’s
	books,
	papers,
	minute
	books,
	forms
	and
	r
eturns
	filed
	and
	other
	r
ecords
	maintained
	
b
y
	the
	Company
	and
	also
	the
	information
	pr
ovided
	b
y
	the
	Company
,
	its
	officers,
	agents
	and
	authoriz
ed
	r
epresentatives
	during
	
the
	conduct
	of
	secr
etarial
	audit,
	we
	her
eby
	r
eport
	that
	in
	our
	opin
ion,
	the
	Company
	has,
	during
	the
	audit
	period
	co
vering
	the
	
financial
	y
ear
	en
ded
	on
	31st	Mar ch, 	2025 	complied 	with 	the 	statu tory 	pr ovisions 	listed 	her eunder 	and 	also 	that 	the 	Company 	
has
	pr
oper
	boar
d-processes
	and	compliance-mechanism
	in
	plac
e
	to
	the
	extent,
	in
	the
	manner
	and
	subject
	to
	the
	r
eporting
	
made
	
hereinafter:
We
	ha
ve
	examin
ed
	the
	books,
	papers,
	minute
	books,
	forms
	and
	r
eturns
	filed
	and
	other
	r
ecords
	maintained
	b
y
	the
	Company
	for
	
the
	
financial
	
year
	
ended
	
on
	
31st	March,	2025	according	to	the	provisions	of:	
(i)	
The	
Companies
	
Act,
	
2013
	
(“the
	
Act”)
	
and
	
the
	
rules
	
made
	
thereunder;
(ii)	 The 	
Securities
	
Contracts
	
(Regulation)
	
Act,
	
1956
	
(‘SCRA’)
	
and	
the
	
rules
	
made
	
thereunder;
	
(iii)	
The	
Depositories
	
Act,
	
1996
	
and
	
the
	
Regulations
	
and
	
Bye-laws
	
framed
	
thereunder;
(iv)	 	F
oreign
	Ex
change
	Managem
ent
	Act,
	1999
	and
	the
	rules
	and
	r
egulations
	made
	ther
eunder
	to
	the
	extent
	of
	F
oreign
	Dir
ect
	
Inv
estment
	
and
	
Overseas
	
Direct
	
Investment.
	
The
	
Company
	
does
	
not
	
have
	
any
	
External
	
Commercial
	
Borrowings;
(v)	 	The	followin
g
	Regulations
	and
	Guidelines
	pr
escribed
	under
	the
	Securities
	and
	Ex
change
	Boar
d
	of
	India
	Act,
	1992
	(‘SEBI
	
Act’):-
a)	
The	
Securities
	
and
	
Exchange
	
Board
	
of
	
India
	
(Substantial
	
Acquisition
	
of
	
Shares
	
and
	
Takeovers)
	
Regulations,
	
2011;
b)	 Securities
	
And
	
Exchange
	
Board
	
of
	
India
	
(Prohibition
	
of
	
Insider
	
Trading)
	
Regulations,
	
2015;
c)	 The 	Securit
ies
	and
	Ex
change
	Boar
d
	of
	India
	(Issue
	of
	Capital	and
	Disclosur
e
	Requir
ements)
	Regulations,
	2018;
	(Not
	
applicable
	
to
	
the
	
Company
	
during
	
the
	
Review
	
Period).
d)	 Securities
	and
	Ex
change
	Bo
ard
	of
	India
	(Shar
e
	Based
	Emplo
yee
	Benefits
	and
	Sweat
	E
quity)
	Regulations,
	2021;
	(Not
	
applicable
	
to
	
the
	
Company
	
during
	
the
	
Review
	
Period).
e)	 The 	
Securities
	
and
	
Exchange
	
Board
	
of
	
India
	
(Listing
	
Obligations
	
and
	
Disclosure
	
Requirements)
	
Regulations,
	
2015;
f)	 The 	Securit
ies
	and
	Ex
change
	Boar
d
	of
	India
	(Registrars
	to
	an
	Issue
	and
	Shar
e
	T
ransfer
	Agents)
	Regulations,
	1993
	
(Not
	
applicable
	
as
	
the
	
Company
	
is
	
not
	
registered
	
as
	
a
	
Registrar
	
to
	
an
	
issue
	
and
	
as
	
a
	
Share
	
transfer
	
agent);
g)	 The 	
Securities
	
and
	
Exchange
	
Board
	
of
	
India
	
(Depositories
	
and
	
Participants)
	
Regulations,
	
2018;
h)	 Securities
	and
	Ex
change
	Boar
d
	of
	India
	(Issue
	and
	Listing
	of
	Non-Conv
ertible
	Securities)
	Regulations,2021
	as
	
amended
	
from
	
time
	
to
	
time;
	
(Not
	
applicable
	
to
	
the
	
Company
	
during
	
the
	
Review
	
Period).
i)	 Securities
	and
	Ex
change
	Bo
ard
	of
	India
	(Buyback
	of
	Securities)
	Regulations,
	2018
	as
	amended
	fr
om
	time
	to
	time;
	
(Not
	
applicable
	
to
	
the
	
Company
	
during
	
the
	
Review
	
Period).
===== PAGE 114 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
111
Annual Report 2024-25
As	r epresented 	b y 	the 	Company , 	we 	fur ther 	r eport 	that, 	ther e 	ar e 	no 	industr y 	specific 	laws 	which 	ar e 	applicable 	to 	the 	Company .
We
	
have
	
also
	
examined
	
compliance
	
with
	
the
	
applicable
	
clauses
	
of
	
the
	
following:
(i)	 	Sec
retarial
	S
tandards
	issued	b
y
	the
	Institute
	of
	Company
	Se
cretaries
	of
	India
	r
elating
	to
	Meetings
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	
(SS-1)
	
and
	
General
	
Meetings
	
(SS-2).
	
(ii)	
The	
Listing
	
Agreements
	
entered
	
into
	
by
	
the
	
Company
	
with
	
BSE
	
Limited
	
and
	
National
	
Stock
	
Exchange
	
of
	
India
	
Ltd.
During
	the
	perio
d
	under
	r
eview
	the
	Company
	has
	complied
	with
	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	the
	Act,
	Rules,
	Regulations,
	Guidelines,
	
Standar
ds,
	
etc.
	
mentioned
	
above.
We further report that
(i)	 The 	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors
	of
	the
	Company
	is
	duly
	constituted
	with
	pr
oper
	balance
	of
	Ex
ecutive
	Dir
ectors,
	Non-Ex
ecutive
	
Dir
ectors,
	
Independent
	
Directors
	
and
	
Woman
	
Director.
	
During
	
the
	
period
	
under
	
review:
	
•	
Mr.
	T
	K
	Balaji,
	Non-Ex
ecutive
	and
	Non-Independent
	Dir
ector
	r
etired
	b
y
	r
otation
	at
	the
	annual
	general
	meeting
	held
	on
	
18th	September,	2024	and	was	re-appointed
	
The	
was
	
no	
change
	
in
	
the
	
composition
	
of
	
the
	
Board
	
of
	
Directors
	
during
	
the
	
period
	
under
	
review.
(ii)	 Adequate
	notice
	is
	giv
en
	to
	all
	Dir
ectors
	to
	schedule
	the
	Boar
d
	Meetings;
	notice,
	agenda
	and
	detailed
	notes
	on
	agenda
	wer
e
	
sent
	at
	least
	se
ven
	da
ys
	in
	adv
ance,
	and
	a
	system
	exists
	for
	seeking
	and
	obtaining
	fur
ther
	information
	and
	clarifications
	
on
	the
	agenda
	items
	befor
e
	and
	at
	the
	meeting
	for
	meaningful
	par
ticipation
	at
	the
	meeting.
	Decisions
	of
	the
	Boar
d/
Committee
	meet
ings
	ar
e
	in
	consensus
	and
	r
esults
	ar
e
	r
ecorded
	in
	minutes
	with
	suggestions
	/
	dir
ections,
	if
	any
,
	made
	in
	
r
espect
	
of
	
any
	
agenda
	
item.
(iii)	 Based
	on
	th
e
	compliance
	system
	pr
evailing
	in
	the
	Company
,
	and
	after
	carr
ying
	out
	test
	checks
	of
	the
	r
elevant
	r
ecords
	and
	
documents
	main
tained
	b
y
	the
	Company
,
	we
	fur
ther
	r
eport
	that,
	ther
e
	ar
e
	adequate
	systems
	and
	pr
ocesses
	commensurate
	
with
	the
	siz
e
	and	operations
	of
	the
	Company
	to
	monitor
	and
	ensur
e
	compliance
	with
	applicable
	laws,
	rules,
	r
egulations
	
and
	
guidelines.
(iv)	 We
	fur
ther
	r
eport
	that
	the
	Company
	has
	r
esponded
	to
	communication
	r
eceived
	fr
om
	v
arious
	statutor
y
	/
	r
egulatory
	
authorities
	
including
	
initiating
	
actions
	
for
	
corrective
	
measures,
	
wherever
	
found/deemed
	
necessary.
We further report that:
PT
	A
utomotive
	Systems
	Indonesia,
	subsidiar
y
	of
	the
	Company
	has
	completed
	v
oluntary
	winding
	up
	pr
ocess
	and
	has
	r
eceived
	
the
	liqui
dation
	pr
oceeds
	on
	24th	June, 	2025. 	The 	Company 	is 	awaiting 	confirmation 	of 	r emoval 	of 	name 	fr om 	Register 	of 	
companies
	
from
	
Indonesian
	
authorities.
For S.A.E. & Associates LLP
Company
	
Secretaries
Sri Vidhya Kumar, Partner
FCS.
	
No.
	
11114,
	
C.P.
	
NO.
	
20181
FRN:
	
L2018TN004700
Place:
	
Chennai Peer
	
Review
	
Certificate
	
No.
	
2822/2022
Date:
	
13th	August	2025 UDIN: 	 F011114G001005580
===== PAGE 115 =====
112
India Nippon Electricals Limited
To
The
	
Members,
INDIA
	
NIPPON
	
ELECTRICALS
	
LIMITED
	
No.
	
11
	
&
	
13,
	
(Old
	
No.
	
6
	
&
	
7)
	
Patullos
	
Road,
Chennai
	
-
	
600002.
Our
	
Secretarial
	
Audit
	
Report
	
of
	
even
	
date
	
is
	
to
	
be
	
read
	
along
	
with
	
this
	
letter.
1.	 It
	is
	the
	Man
agement’s
	Responsibility
	to
	maintain
	secr
etarial	r
ecords,
	and
	to
	de
vise
	pr
oper
	systems
	to
	ensur
e
	compliance
	
with
	the
	pr
ovisions
	of
	all
	applicable
	laws,
	rules
	r
egulations
	and
	standar
ds
	and
	to
	ensur
e
	that
	the
	systems
	ar
e
	adequate
	
and
	
operate
	
effectively.
	
Our
	
examination
	
was
	
limited
	
to
	
the
	
verification
	
of
	
procedures
	
on
	
test
	
basis.
2.	 Our
	r
esponsibility
	as
	the
	Secr
etarial
	A
uditor
	is
	to
	expr
ess
	an
	opinion
	on
	these
	secr
etarial
	r
ecords,
	systems,
	standar
ds,
	and
	
pr
ocedures
	
based
	
on
	
our
	
audit.
3.	 We
	ha
ve
	followed
	the
	audi
t
	practices
	and
	pr
ocesses
	as
	wer
e
	appr
opriate
	to
	obtain
	r
easonable
	assurance
	about
	the
	
corr
ectness
	of
	the
	contents
	of
	the	secr
etarial
	r
ecords.
	The
	v
erification
	was
	done
	on
	test
	basis
	to
	ensur
e
	that
	corr
ect
	facts
	
ar
e
	r
eflected
	in
	secr
etarial
	r
ecords.
	W
e
	belie
ve
	that
	the
	pr
ocesses	and
	practices
	we
	followed
	pr
ovide
	a
	r
easonable
	basis
	
for
	
our
	
opinion.
4.	 We
	
have
	
not
	
verified
	
the
	
correctness
	
and
	
appropriateness
	
of	
financial
	
records
	
and
	
books
	
of
	
accounts
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
5.	 Wherever
	r
equired,
	we
	ha
ve
	obtained
	the
	management’
s
	r
epresentation
	about
	the
	compliance
	of
	laws,
	rules
	and
	r
egulations
	
and
	
happening
	
of
	
events
	
etc.
6.	 The 	Secr
etarial
	A
udit
	Repo
rt
	is
	neither
	an
	assurance
	as
	to	the
	futur
e
	viability
	of
	the
	Company
	nor
	of
	the
	efficacy
	or
	
eff
ectiveness
	
with
	
which
	
the
	
management
	
has
	
conducted
	
the
	
affairs
	
of
	
the
	
Company.
For S.A.E. & Associates LLP
Company
	
Secretaries
Sri Vidhya Kumar, Partner
FCS.
	
No.
	
11114,
	
C.P.
	
NO.
	
20181
FRN:
	
L2018TN004700
Place:
	
Chennai Peer
	
Review
	
Certificate
	
No.
	
2822/2022
Date:
	
13th	August	2025
===== PAGE 116 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
113
Annual Report 2024-25
Management Discussion and Analysis
GLOBAL ECONOMY
The
	 global
	 economy
	 enter
ed
	 2025
	 na
vigating
	 a
	 delicate
	
balance
	between	slowing
	momentum
	and
	the
	emer
gence
	
of
	new
	risks.
	Amid
	rising
	trade
	tensions,
	lingering
	inflation,
	
and
	poli
tical
	unc
ertainty,
	the
	Int
ernational
	Monetar
y
	F
und
	
(IMF)
	pr
ojects
	global
	GDP
	gr
owth
	to
	slow
	to
	2.8%
	in
	2025
	
-
	a
	mod
est
	but
	positiv
e
	pace
	th
at
	underlines
	the
	fragility
	
of
	the
	curr
ent
	r
ecovery.
	While
	th
e
	global
	economy
	is
	not
	in
	
contraction,
	gr
owth
	r
emains
	we
ll
	below
	the
	pr
e-pandemic
	
a
verage,
	 par
ticularly
	 in
	 adv
anced
	 economies
	 wher
e
	
persistent
	 headwinds
	 continue
	 to
	 weigh
	 on
	 output
	 and
	
sentiment.
GDP Gr
owth Projections (in %)
In
	a
	dramatic
	depar
ture
	fr
om
	decades
	of
	trade
	liberalization,
	
the
	 US
	 unv
eiled	 sweeping
	 new	 tariff
	 measur
es
	 in
	 April
	
2025,
	 inv
oking
	 a
	 ‘
national
	 emer
gency’
	 o
ver
	 global
	 trade
	
imbalances.
	A
	blank
et
	10%
	impor
t
	tariff
	now
	applies
	to
	all
	
inbound
	 goods,
	 eff
ectively
	 r
edrawing
	 the
	 map
	 of
	 global
	
commer
ce.
	The
	most
	se
vere
	escalation
	has
	emer
ged
	in
	 
US-China
	r
elations,
	wher
e
	tariffs
	on
	Chinese
	impor
ts
	sur
ged
	
to
	145%
,
	pr
ompting
	Beijing
	to
	r
etaliate
	with
	148%
	duties
	
on
	American
	expor
ts.
	The
	r
epercussions
	wer
e
	immediate,
	
disrupting
	supply	chains,
	inflatin
g
	input
	costs,
	and
	injecting
	
fr
esh
	
volatility
	
into
	
global
	
markets.
Amid
	mounting
	international
	backlash,
	the
	US
	mo
ved
	to
	
temper
	tensions
	b
y
	announcing
	a
	90-da
y
	moratorium
	on
	
additional
	 tariff
	 hik
es
	 for
	 59
	 countries,
	 including
	 major
	
par
tners
	such
	as
	the
	EU,
	Canada,
	Mexico,
	South
	K
orea,
	and
	
Vietnam.	These 	countries 	now 	face 	only 	the 	10% 	baseline 	
tariff,
	 escaping
	 mor
e
	 punitiv
e
	 measur
es
	 for
	 the
	 time
	
being.
	 Howe
ver,
	 China
	 r
emains
	 conspicuously
	 ex
cluded
	
fr
om
	 this
	 pause,
	 k
eeping
	 geopolitical
	 frictions
	 high
	 and
	
trade
	 uncer
tainties
	 ele
vated.
	 This
	 sharp
	 piv
ot
	 towar
d
	
pr
otectionism
	 marks
	 a
	 structu
ral
	 ruptur
e
	 fr
om
	 pr
evious
	
US
	trade	policy
,
	casting
	long
	shadows
	o
ver
	global
	gr
owth,
	
inflation
	
dynamics,
	
and
	
diplomatic
	
relations.
The
	 eco
nomic
	 ripple
	 eff
ects
	 ar
e
	 alr
eady
	 manif
esting.
	
Emer
ging
	 and
	 de
veloping
	 econ
omies
	 ar
e
	 now
	 pr
ojected
	
to
	gr
ow
	b
y
	just
	3.7%
	in
	2025,
	down
	fr
om
	4.3%
	in
	2024,
	as
	
the
y
	 gra
pple
	 with
	 constrained
	 policy
	 space
	 amid
	 high
	
debt
	 bu
rdens,
	 depr
eciating
	 curr
encies,
	 and
	 persistent
	
capital
	outflows.
	Nations
	such
	as
	Ar
gentina,
	South
	Africa,
	
and
	 Mexico
	 ar
e
	 par
ticularly
	 exposed,
	 confr
onting
	 tighter
	
financing
	
conditions
	
and
	
entrenched
	
inflationary
	
pressures.
Complicating
	the	pictur
e
	ha
ve
	be
en
	the
	v
ery
	trade
	tensions
	
r
eshaping
	the
	global
	landscape.
	The
	sur
ge
	in
	pr
otectionist
	
measur
es,
	par
ticularly
	the
	latest
	tariff
	hik
es,
	could
	r
everse
	
some
	of
	the
	gain
s
	fr
om
	disinflation.
	Higher
	impor
t
	costs
	risk
	
filtering
	thr
ough
	to
	consumer
	prices,
	r
eigniting
	inflationar
y
	
pr
essures
	just
	as
	central
	banks
	seek
	to
	anchor
	expectations.
	
In
	th
is
	v
olatile
	envir
onment,
	global
	policymak
ers
	face
	the
	
dual
	 cha
llenge
	 of
	 stabilizing
	 prices
	 while
	 na
vigating
	 an
	
incr
easingly
	
fragmented
	
trade
	
order.
(Source:https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/
Issues/2025/04/22/world-economic-outlook-april-2025)
Outlook
The
	 glo
bal
	 eco
nomic
	 landscap
e
	 is
	 incr
easingly
	 shaped
	
b
y
	 a
	 blend
	 of
	 enduring
	 structural
	 shifts
	 and
	 immediate
	
geopolitical
	disruptions.
	While
	th
e
	rise
	of
	pr
otectionism
	has
	
captur
ed
	much
	of
	the
	spotlight,
	deeper
,
	mor
e
	gradual
	for
ces,
	
especially
	in
	technology
	and
	automation,
	ha
ve
	been
	quietly
	
transforming
	lab
or
	mark
ets
	and
	manufacturing
	systems
	for
	
y
ears.
	Th
ese
	for
ces
	ha
ve
	usher
ed
	in
	both
	oppor
tunities
	and
	
uphea
vals,
	driving
	job
	displacem
ent,
	stagnant
	wages,
	and
	
a
	gr
owing
	sense	of
	inequality
,
	par
ticularly
	within
	adv
anced
	
economies.
	Addr
essing
	these
	challenges
	r
equires
	a
	mor
e
	
sophisticated
	 po
licy
	 appr
oach,
	 one
	 that
	 mo
ves
	 be
yond
	
the
	simplistic
	dic
hotomy
	of
	trad
e
	‘
winners
	and
	losers’
	and
	
instead
	focuses	on
	building
	a
	r
obust
	and
	inclusiv
e
	global
	
trade
	 framework
	 that
	 fosters
	 br
oad-based
	 economic
	
pr
osperity.
(Source:https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/
Issues/2025/04/22/world-economic-outlook-april-2025)
(Source: https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/
Issues/2025/04/22/world-economic-outlook-april-2025)
Global Economy
Advanced 
Economies
Emerging Markets 
and Developing 
Economies
3.3
2024 2024 20242025 2025 20252026 2026 2026
1.8
4.3
2.8
1.4
3.7
3.0
1.5
3.9
===== PAGE 117 =====
114
India Nippon Electricals Limited
INDIAN ECONOMY
India’s
	ec
onomy
	is
	r
eported
	at
	6.5%,
	highlighting
	the
	str
ength
	
of
	India
’s
	domest
ic
	economic
	structur
e
	and
	the
	eff
ectiveness
	
of
	its
	policy
	measur
es
	in
	na
vigating
	global
	challenges,
	such
	
as
	 trade	 tensio
ns
	 and
	 tariff
	 disruptions.
	 Central
	 to
	 this
	
stability
	is
	r
obust
	domestic
	cons
umption,
	par
ticularly
	fr
om
	
rural
	ar
eas,
	driv
en
	b
y
	solid
	agricultural
	per
formance
	and
	
go
vernment
	initiativ
es.
	Howe
ver,
	maintaining
	this
	gr
owth
	
momentum
	will
	r
equire
	br
oader	demand
	r
ecovery
	acr
oss
	
both
	rural
	and
	urban
	r
egions,
	especially
	with
	ongoing
	labor
	
mark
et
	
challenges
	
and
	
persistent
	
inflation
	
pressures.
GDP Growth Projection (in %)
Key
	 structural
	 r
eforms,
	 rapid	 digital
	 adoption,
	 and
	
significant
	 infrastructur
e
	 inv
estments
	 ar
e
	 r
einforcing
	
India
’s
	 macr
oeconomic
	 funda
mentals.
	 Y
et,
	 additional
	
r
eforms
	 ar
e
	 essential
	 to
	 attra
ct
	 mor
e
	 inv
estment
	 and
	
enhance
	the
	com
petitiveness
	of
	the
	manufacturing
	sector
.
	
F
avorable
	global	conditions,
	incl
uding
	lower
	oil
	prices
	and
	
a
	 mana
geable
	 curr
ent
	 account	 deficit,
	 contribute
	 to
	 the
	
countr
y’s
	stabilit
y.
	Ne
vertheless,
	inflation
	r
emains
	a
	critical
	
issue,
	gu
iding
	the	Reser
ve
	Bank
	of
	India
’s
	cautious
	appr
oach
	
to
	
monetary
	
policy.
Outlook
India
	is
	pr
ojected	to
	maintain
	a
	r
eal
	GDP
	gr
owth
	rate
	of
	6.5%
	
thr
ough
	 2025-2
6
	 to
	 2027-28,
	 underpinned
	 b
y
	 impr
oving
	
fundamentals
	 acr
oss
	 critical
	 sectors.
	 This
	 sustained
	
expansion
	is
	bein
g
	fuelled
	b
y
	rising
	manufacturing
	and
	expor
t
	
competitiv
eness,
	str
ong
	moment
um
	in
	ser
vices
	expor
ts,
	and
	
accelerated
	digital
	transformation.
	T
ogether,
	these
	driv
ers
	
are	set 	to 	boost 	pr oductivity, 	str eamline 	operations, 	and 	
str
engthen
	
India’s
	
long-term
	
growth
	
trajectory.
(Source: https://ddnews.gov.in/en/indias-real-gdp-growth-
projected-at-6-5-in-fy-2025-26-rbi/)
GLOBAL AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY
The
	 glo
bal
	 auto
motive
	 industr
y
	 in
	 2025
	 is
	 na
vigating
	 a
	
transformativ
e
	era
	mark
ed
	b
y
	tec
hnological
	adv
ancements,
	
e
volving
	consum
er
	pr
eferences,
	and
	strategic
	shifts
	among
	
manufactur
ers.
	 Electric
	 v
ehicles,
	 autonomous
	 driving
	
technologies,
	an
d
	digital
	connec
tivity
	ar
e
	r
eshaping
	mark
et
	
dynamics
	 and
	 r
edefining
	 mobility
	 solutions.
	 Additionally
,
	
sustainability
	init
iatives
	and
	r
egulatory
	pr
essures
	ar
e
	driving
	
inno
vation
	in
	design,
	pr
oduction,
	and
	supply
	chains,
	pushing
	
the
	 industr
y
	 towar
d
	 a
	 mor
e
	 ec
o-conscious
	 and
	 r
esilient
	
futur
e.
Global
	light
	v
ehicle
	sales
	r
eached	84.0
	Million
	units
	in
	2024
	
and
	ar
e
	poised
	for
	a
	modest
	uptick
	to
	85.1
	Million
	units
	
in
	2025,	r
eflecting
	a
	steady
	y
ear-on-year
	gr
owth
	rate
	of
	
1.3%.
	Driving
	much
	of
	this
	momentum
	is
	the
	Asia-P
acific
	
r
egion,
	which
	co
ntinues
	to
	com
mand
	nearly
	half
	of
	global
	
sales,
	un
derlining
	its
	critical
	r
ole	in
	shaping
	the
	industr
y’s
	
trajector
y.
	Centra
l
	to
	this
	r
egional
	str
ength
	is
	China,
	which
	
r
etains
	its
	status	as
	the
	world’
s
	lar
gest
	automotiv
e
	mark
et,
	
with
	pas
senger
	v
ehicle
	sales
	expected
	to
	ex
ceed
	26
	Million
	
units
	 in
	 2024.
	 India
	 is
	 also
	 gaining
	 gr
ound,
	 achie
ving
	
its
	 highe
st-ever
	 sales
	 of
	 o
ver
	 4.1
	 Million
	 units
	 in
	 2024,
	
highlighting
	the
	 countr
y’s
	 gr
owing
	demand
	and
	 e
volving
	
automotiv
e
	
landscape.
(Source: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-
Reports/global-automotive-industry-outlook-77960341.html)
The
	integration
	of
	r
obotics,
	ar
tificial
	intelligence
	(AI),
	and
	
the
	Inter
net
	of
	Things
	(IoT)
	is
	r
eshaping
	the
	landscape
	of
	
automotiv
e
	man
ufacturing,
	bringing
	unpr
ecedented
	le
vels
	
of
	 pr
ecision,
	 speed,
	 and
	 intelligence
	 to
	 pr
oduction
	 lines.
	
These
	adv
anced	technologies
	ar
e
	str
eamlining
	operations
	
b
y
	 boosting
	 efficiency
,
	 enabling
	 r
eal-time
	 monitoring,
	
and
	 suppor
ting
	 pr
edictive
	 maintenance
	 to
	 minimiz
e
	
downtime
	 and
	 optimiz
e
	 workflows.
	 Complementing
	 this
	
digital
	transformation
	is
	the
	rise
	of
	gigacasting
	technology
	
an
	 inno
vative
	 pr
ocess
	 that
	 casts
	 lar
ge,
	 single-piece
	
components.
	By
	r
educing
	the
	need
	for
	complex
	assembly
,
	
gigacasting
	 not
	 only
	 shor
tens
	 pr
oduction
	 time
	 but
	 also
	
enhances
	structu
ral
	integrity
,
	pa
ving
	the
	wa
y
	for
	lighter
,
	mor
e
	
fuel-efficient
	
vehicles
	
with
	
improved
	
overall
	
performance.
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
2020-21
2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
8.7
7.0
8.2
6.5
(6.6)
(Source:	https://www.indiabudget.gov.
in/economicsur
vey/doc/echapter.pdf
===== PAGE 118 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
115
Annual Report 2024-25
Amid	 th is 	 wa ve 	 of 	 technolo gical 	 adv ancement, 	 the 	
automotiv
e
	 indu
stry
	 must
	 also
	 contend
	 with
	 external
	
pr
essures
	that
	add
	la
yers
	of
	complexity
	to
	its
	operations.
	
Geopolitical
	insta
bilities,
	par
ticularly
	in
	r
egions
	lik
e
	the
	Middle
	
East
	and	Eastern
	E
urope,
	ha
ve
	disrupted
	ener
gy
	supplies,
	
leading
	to
	fuel
	price
	v
olatility
	and
	rising
	pr
oduction
	costs.
	A
t
	
the
	same
	time,
	the
	incr
easing
	digitalization
	of
	v
ehicles
	has
	
heightened
	cybe
rsecurity
	conce
rns.
	Regulator
y
	mandates
	
such
	as
	UNR155
	and
	UNR156
	ar
e
	pushing
	manufactur
ers
	
to
	 adop
t
	 stringe
nt
	 cybersecurit
y
	 pr
otocols
	 to
	 saf
eguard
	
against
	
potential
	
threats,
	
as
	
noted
	
by
	
arXiv.
	
On
	the
	consume
r
	fr
ont,
	the
	aftermark
et
	sector
	is
	e
volving
	
rapidly
.
	 The
	 gr
owing
	 age
	 of
	 v
ehicles
	 and
	 rising
	 annual
	
mileage
	 ar
e
	 fueling
	 demand,
	 while
	 tr
ends
	 such
	 as
	 the
	
global
	expansion	of
	Chinese
	EV
	brands
	and
	the
	integration
	
of
	 onlin
e-to-offline
	 (O2O)
	 chan
nels
	 ar
e
	 r
edefining
	 how
	
automotiv
e
	
parts
	
and
	
services
	
are
	
accessed
	
and
	
delivered.
(Source:https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-
Reports/global-automotive-industry-outlook-77960341.html)
GLOBAL TWO-WHEELER INDUSTRY
The
	glob
al
	two-
wheeler
	mark
et
	is
	pr
ojected
	to
	be
	v
alued
	
at
	USD
	706
	Billion
	in
	2025,
	with
	expectations
	to
	r
each
	USD
	
777.2
	Billion
	b
y
	2029,
	exhibiting
	a
	compound
	annual
	gr
owth
	
rate
	
(CAGR)
	
of
	
2.43%
	
over
	
the
	
forecast
	
period
	
(2025–2029).
(Source:https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-
reports/global-two-wheeler-market)
The
	indu
stry
	is
	under
going
	a
	dynamic
	shift
	fueled
	b
y
	rapid
	
technological
	 adv
ancements
	 and
	 e
volving
	 consumer
	
demands.
	 Lead
ing
	 manufact
urers
	 ar
e
	 ramping
	 up
	
inv
estments
	in
	r
esearch
	and
	de
velopment
	to
	br
oaden
	their
	
por
tfolios
	and
	sta
y
	ahead
	in
	an
	incr
easingly
	competitiv
e
	
landscape.
Pr
oduction
	 stra
tegies
	 ar
e
	 transitioning
	 swiftly
	 towar
d	
sustainability
,
	with
	electric
	two-wheelers
	at
	the
	for
efront
	of	
this
	e
volution.
	One
	of
	the
	most
	notable
	de
velopments
	is
	the	
sharp
	decline
	in
	lithium-ion
	batter
y
	costs
	-
	down
	nearly
	80%	
o
ver
	the
	last
	decade
	to
	ar
ound
	US
D
	220
	per
	kilowatt-hour
.	
This
	 dr
op
	 has
	 significantly
	 boosted
	 the
	 affor
dability
	 and	
appeal
	of
	electric
	two-wheelers
	for
	a
	br
oader
	consumer
	base.
Looking	ahead, 	the 	mark et’s 	trajector y 	is 	being 	shaped 	b y 	
inno
vation
	and
	gr
een
	initiativ
es.
	Industr
y
	pla
yers
	ar
e
	focusing
	
on
	 next-generat
ion
	 electric
	 po
wertrains,
	 the
	 integration
	
of
	lightweight
	and
	durable
	materials,
	and
	adv
anced
	saf
ety
	
technologies.
	 Additionally
,
	 ther
e
	 is
	 a
	 strategic
	 shift
	 in
	
supply
	chain
	op
erations,
	as
	com
panies
	establish
	r
egional
	
manufacturing
	 hubs
	 to
	 impr
ove
	 r
esponsiveness,
	 r
educe
	
costs,
	
and
	
cater
	
more
	
effectively
	
to
	
local
	
markets.
(Source:https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-
reports/global-two-wheeler-market)
INDIAN AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY
The
	 Ind
ian
	 aut
omotive
	 mark
et
	 is
	 one
	 of
	 the
	 fastest-
gr
owing
	in
	the
	world,
	driv
en
	b
y
	rising
	middle-class
	income,
	
urbanization,
	 an
d
	 go
vernment
	 initiativ
es
	 lik
e
	 ‘Mak
e
	 in
	
India.’
	It
	encomp
asses
	a
	wide
	range
	of
	segments
	including
	
passenger
	 v
ehicles,
	 two-wheel
ers,
	 commer
cial
	 v
ehicles,
	
and
	elec
tric
	v
ehicles
	(EVs).
	India	is
	the
	world’
s
	lar
gest
	two-
wheeler
	mark
et
	and
	a
	k
ey
	manufacturing
	hub
	for
	global
	
automak
ers.
The
	India
n
	passe
nger
	car
	mark
et
	is
	poised
	for
	r
obust
	gr
owth,
	
with
	its
	
size
	pr
ojected
	to
	rise
	
from
	USD
	42.72
	
std.
	in
	2025
	
to
	
USD
	53.04
	std.
	b
y
	2029,
	r
eflecting	a
	CA
GR
	of
	5.56%
	during
	the
	
for
ecast
	period.
	This
	expansion
	is
	underpinned
	b
y
	a
	dynamic
	
shift
	 in
	 consumer
	 pr
eferences,	 technological
	 inno
vation,
	
and
	a
	mor
e
	accessible
	financing	envir
onment.
	A
utomakers
	
ar
e
	 incr
easingly	 integrating
	 adv
anced
	 technologies
	 such
	
as
	 conn
ected
	 car
	 systems,
	 enhanced
	 saf
ety
	 f
eatures,
	
and
	 fuel-efficien
t
	 solutions
	 acr
oss
	 v
ehicle
	 categories
	 to
	
meet
	 e
volving
	 customer
	 expec
tations.
	 Concurr
ently,
	 the
	
industr
y
	is
	witnessing
	a
	strategic
	piv
ot
	towar
d
	localization
	
and
	 ind
igenous
	 manufacturing,	 as
	 companies
	 ramp
	 up
	
pr
oduction
	capacity
	and
	establish
	new
	facilities
	to
	cater
	
to
	rising
	demand
	while
	optimizing
	cost
	structur
es.
	These
	
de
velopments
	 collectiv
ely
	 signal
	 a
	 transformativ
e
	 phase
	
for
	India
’s
	passenger
	car
	segment,
	driv
en
	b
y
	inno
vation,
	
affor
dability,
	
and
	
scalability.
(Source:https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-
reports/india-passenger-car-market-outlook)
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
===== PAGE 119 =====
116
India Nippon Electricals Limited
DOMESTIC SALES TREND FOR AUTOMOBILES 
(No.s)
Category 2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
Passenger
	
Vehicles
	
Number/Units 27,73,519
	 27,11,457
	 30,69,523
	 38,90,114 42,18,746 43,01,848
Commer
cial
	
Vehicles 7,17,593 5,68,559 7,16,566 9,62,468 9,67,878 9,56,671
Three-Wheelers 6,37,065 2,19,446 2,61,385 4,88,768 6,91,749 7,41,420
Two-Wheelers 1,74,16,432 1,51,20,783 1,35,70,008 1,58,62,087 1,79,74,365 1,96,07,332
(Source: https://www.siam.in/statistics.aspx?mpgid=8&pgidtrail=9)
The	India -UK 	F ree 	T rade 	Agr eement 	(FT A) 	is 	set 	to 	deliv er 	a 	
str
ong
	impetus
	to
	India
’s
	autom
otive
	industr
y
	b
y
	unlocking
	
new
	opp
ortunities
	for
	expor
ts,
	inv
estments,
	and
	technological
	
collaboration.
	Th
e
	agr
eement
	pa
ves
	the
	wa
y
	for
	r
educed
	
tariff
	barriers
	and
	deeper
	supply
	chain
	integration,
	enabling
	
Indian
	automak
ers
	to
	expand
	th
eir
	footprint
	in
	the
	UK
	and
	
br
oader
	
European
	
markets.
According
	to
	a
	statement
	b
y
	the
	I
ndian
	Go
vernment,
	the
	FT
A
	
will
	par
ticularly
	benefit
	labour-in
tensive
	sectors,
	with
	k
ey
	
gains
	pr
ojected
	for
	engineering
	goods,
	auto
	components,
	
engines,
	and
	or
ganic
	chemicals
.
	The
	deal
	pr
omises
	tariff
	
elimination
	on
	appr
oximately
	99%
	of
	tariff
	lines,
	eff
ectively
	
co
vering
	 nearly
	 the
	 entir
e
	 trad
e
	 v
alue
	 between
	 the
	 two
	
countries,
	 an
	 ambitious
	 step
	 towar
d
	 boosting
	 bilateral
	
commer
ce.
On
	the
	other
	side,
	the
	UK
	go
vernment
	highlighted
	a
	major
	
br
eakthrough
	 for
	 automotiv
e
	 trade,
	 with
	 Indian
	 impor
t
	
tariffs
	set
	to
	fall
	dramatically
	fr
om
	o
ver
	100%
	to
	just
	10%.
	
Additionally
,
	the
	agr
eement
	inclu
des
	pr
ovisions
	for
	impor
t
	
quotas
	on
	v
ehicles
	fr
om
	both
	nations,
	ensuring
	a
	balanced
	
and
	
structured
	
trade
	
growth.
(Source: https://www.autocarpro.in/news/india-uk-free-
trade-agreement-to-boost-auto-sector-126295)
Indian Two-Wheeler Market
India’s
	two-whee
ler
	mark
et
	is
	on	a
	stable
	upwar
d
	trajector
y,
	
pr
ojected
	to
	gr
ow
	fr
om
	USD
	315.9
	Billion
	in
	2025
	to
	USD
	
347.4
	Billion
	b
y
	2029,
	r
eflecting
	a
	compound
	annual
	gr
owth
	
rate
	(CA
GR)
	of
	2.40%.
	This
	steady
	momentum
	highlights
	the
	
sector
’s
	r
esilience
	and
	r
esponsiveness
	to
	e
volving
	consumer
	
beha
vior,
	par
ticularly
	in
	the
	r
ealm
	of
	urban
	mobility
.
	Demand
	
is
	 incr
easingly
	 shifting
	 towar
d
	 f
eature-rich,
	 tech-enabled
	
two-wheelers,
	pr
ompting
	manuf
acturers
	to
	r
oll
	out
	models
	
with
	smar
t
	conn
ectivity,
	enhance
d
	saf
ety
	technologies,
	and
	
ele
vated
	
performance
	
standards.
(Source: https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-
reports/india-two-wheeler-market)
The	com petitive 	landscape 	is 	be coming 	mor e 	dynamic, 	as 	
established
	bran
ds
	consolidate
	their
	mark
et
	positions
	while
	
agile
	ne
wcomers
	intr
oduce
	disruptiv
e
	inno
vations.
	On
	the
	
infrastructur
e
	fr
ont,
	the
	sector
	has
	made
	notable
	strides
	
most
	
prominently
	
in
	
the
	
electric
	
vehicle
	
(EV)
	
ecosystem.
	
Concurr
ently,
	 the
	 industr
y
	 is
	 embracing
	 digital
	
transformation
	to
	r
eimagine
	the	customer
	experience.
	The
	
emer
gence
	 of
	 smar
t
	 dealershi
ps
	 and
	 integrated
	 digital
	
platforms
	 is
	 r
eshaping
	 sales
	 and
	 ser
vice
	 channels.
	 T
o
	
suppor
t
	this
	e
volution,
	companies
	ar
e
	inv
esting
	in
	upskilling
	
initiativ
es
	and
	modernizing
	after-sales
	networks,
	ensuring
	
the
y
	ar
e
	equippe
d
	to
	manage
	incr
easingly
	sophisticated
	and
	
electrified
	
vehicle
	
models.
The
	 Hybrid
	 and
	 Electric
	 V
ehicles
	 (HEVs)
	 segment
	 is
	
witnessing
	rapid	momentum
	in
	I
ndia’s
	two-wheeler
	mark
et,
	
with
	 an
	 estimat
ed
	 gr
owth
	 rate	 of
	 ar
ound
	 21%
	 between
	
2024
	an
d
	2029.
	This
	sur
ge
	is
	fueled
	b
y
	rising
	envir
onmental
	
awar
eness,
	 r
obust
	 go
vernment	 incentiv
es,
	 and
	 ongoing
	
adv
ancements
	in
	batter
y
	techno
logy.
	Escalating
	fuel
	costs
	
ar
e
	 also
	 nudgin
g
	 consumers
	 towar
d
	 mor
e
	 sustainable
	
mobility
	 solutio
ns,
	 acceleratin
g
	 the
	 shift
	 to
	 electric
	
alternativ
es.
(Source:https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-
reports/india-two-wheeler-market)
ICE
88.4%
Hybrid
	
and
	
Electric
	
Vehicles
India’s Two Wheeler Market Share by Propulsion Type (2024)
11.6%
Manufacturers	 ar e 	 activ ely 	 cap italizing 	 on 	 this 	 tr end 	 b y 	
launching
	next-generation
	electric
	two-wheelers
	that
	off
er
	
extended
	range,
	enhanced
	per
formance,
	and
	smar
t
	f
eatures.
	
A
t
	th
e
	same
	time,
	the
	r
ollout
	of
	char
ging
	infrastructur
e
	in
	
urban
	ce
nters
	and
	a
	steady
	decline
	in
	batter
y
	prices
	ar
e
	
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
===== PAGE 120 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
117
Annual Report 2024-25
significantly	impr oving 	accessib ility 	and 	affor dability. 	The 	
segment
	is
	also
	becoming
	a
	hotbed
	of
	inno
vation,
	as
	both
	
legacy
	manufact
urers
	and
	nimble
	star
tups
	enter
	the
	space
		
driving
	competit
ion,
	pushing
	tec
hnological
	boundaries,
	and
	
enabling
	
more
	
cost-effective
	
offerings.
Internal Combustion Engine Market
The
	Indi
a
	Interna
l
	Combustion
	Engines
	(ICE)
	Mark
et
	is
	set
	
to
	r
each
	USD
	8.3
	Billion
	b
y
	2031,	expanding
	at
	a
	compound
	
annual
	gr
owth
	rate
	(CA
GR)
	of
	7.6%
	fr
om
	2025
	to
	2031.
	
This
	gr
owth
	is
	primarily
	driv
en
	b
y
	the
	incr
easing
	demand
	
for
	 v
ehicles,
	 pa
rticularly
	 passenger
	 cars,
	 as
	 well
	 as
	 the
	
rising
	ad
option
	of
	adv
anced
	com
bustion
	engines
	and
	their
	
components
	 within
	 the
	 automotiv
e
	 sector
.
	 Additionally
,
	
stringent
	 go
vernment
	 r
egulations
	 aimed
	 at
	 impr
oving
	
fuel
	efficiency
	ar
e
	fur
ther
	fueling
	the
	mark
et’s
	expansion.
	
Go
vernment
	initiativ
es,
	such
	as
	the
	Mak
e
	in
	India
	campaign
	
and
	the
	allowanc
e
	of
	100%
	for
eign
	dir
ect
	inv
estment
	(FDI),
	
ha
ve
	also
	attracted
	significant
	global
	inv
estments
	into
	India
’s
	
automobile
	indu
stry,
	cr
eating
	a
	fa
vorable
	envir
onment
	for
	
continued
	
market
	
growth.
(Source: https://www.6wresearch.com/industry-report/
india-internal-combustion-engines-market-2020-2026)
Key Growth Drivers 
Surging Vehicle Demand
The
	 risi
ng
	 glob
al
	 population,
	 combined
	 with
	 incr
easing
	
disposable
	 inco
mes,
	 par
ticularly
	 within
	 the
	 expanding
	
middle
	class,
	has	significantly
	bo
osted
	the
	demand
	for
	both
	
two-wheelers
	and
	four-wheelers.
	In
	de
veloping
	countries
	
lik
e
	 Indi
a,
	 this
	 tr
end
	 is
	 e
ven
	 mor
e
	 pr
onounced.
	 Rapid
	
urbanization
	 and	 the
	 de
velopment
	 of
	 new
	 infrastructur
e
	
ha
ve
	fur
ther
	inte
nsified
	transpor
tation
	needs
	acr
oss
	sectors
	
such
	as
	logistics,
	deliv
ery
	ser
vices,
	and
	personal
	mobility
.
	
These
	 factors
	 ar
e
	 contributing
	 to
	 r
obust
	 gr
owth
	 in
	 the
	
internal
	
combustion
	
engine
	
(ICE)
	
market.
Technological Advancements in Combustion Engines
The
	internal
	combustion
	engine
	continues
	to
	e
volve
	thr
ough
	
adv
ancements
	such
	as
	electr
onic
	fuel
	injection
	systems,
	
turbochar
ging,
	and
	impr
oved
	combustion
	efficiency
.
	These
	
inno
vations
	ar
e
	driving
	pr
oduct
	enhancements
	in
	terms
	of
	
per
formance,
	fuel
	economy
,
	and
	emissions.
	As
	automak
ers
	
ramp
	 up	 inv
estments
	 in
	 R&D
,
	 modern
	 IC
	 engines
	 ar
e
	
becoming
	mor
e
	r
efined,
	r
eliable,
	and
	cost-eff
ective
	-
	factors
	
that
	
are
	
fueling
	
increased
	
adoption
	
and
	
market
	
expansion.
Regulatory 	Push 	for 	F uel 	E fficiency 	and 	Emission 	Compliance
Go
vernments
	worldwide,
	includi
ng
	India,
	ha
ve
	intr
oduced
	
stricter
	r
egulations
	to
	impr
ove
	v
ehicle
	fuel
	efficiency
	and
	
r
educe
	emissions.
	P
olicies
	such
	as
	Bharat
	Stage
	VI
	(BS-
VI)
	in
	India
	and
	equiv
alent
	global
	emission
	standar
ds
	ar
e
	
compelling
	manufactur
ers
	to
	optimiz
e
	engine
	per
formance.
	
In
	r
esponse,
	the
re
	is
	a
	gr
owing
	shift
	towar
d
	mor
e
	efficient
	
IC
	 engin
es
	 that	 meet
	 or
	 ex
ceed
	 r
egulatory
	 benchmarks.
	
This
	com
pliance-driven
	inno
vation
	is
	fur
ther
	accelerating
	
demand
	
across
	
automotive
	
segments.
HYBRID VEHICLE ENGINE MARKET
The
	Indi
an
	hybrid
	v
ehicle
	mark
et
	is
	under
going
	a
	dynamic
	
transformation,
	pr
opelled
	b
y
	technological
	adv
ancements,
	
e
volving
	consumer
	pr
eferences,
	and
	suppor
tive
	infrastructur
e
	
de
velopment.
	V
alued
	at
	USD
	0.53
	Billion
	in
	2025,
	the
	mark
et
	
is
	pr
ojected
	to
	r
each
	USD
	1.28
	Billion
	b
y
	2029,
	exhibiting
	a
	
str
ong
	CA
GR
	of
	24.81%.
	This
	gr
owth
	r
eflects
	the
	incr
easing
	
consumer
	shift
	towar
d
	envir
onmentally
	conscious
	mobility
	
options,
	 especia
lly
	 in
	 a
	 countr
y
	 wher
e
	 urbanization
	 and
	
transpor
tation
	
demands
	
are
	
rapidly
	
expanding.
Supporting
	this
	ecosystem
	is
	the
	parallel
	de
velopment
	of
	
infrastructur
e,
	 which
	 is
	 critical
	 to
	 addr
essing
	 consumer
	
concerns
	 ar
ound
	 practicality
	 and
	 accessibility
.
	 The
	
expanding
	 EV
	 infrastructur
e,
	 combined
	 with
	 ongoing
	
impr
ovements
	in
	hybrid
	power
train
	technology
,
	is
	helping
	
alle
viate
	range
	anxiety
	and
	enha
ncing
	the
	viability
	of
	hybrid
	
v
ehicles
	for
	daily
	use.
	Manufact
urers
	ar
e
	also
	inv
esting
	in
	
the
	localization
	of
	hybrid
	pr
oduction,
	tailoring
	off
erings
	to
	
suit
	
domestic
	
market
	
conditions
	
more
	
effectively.
Another
	k
ey
	enabler
	of
	mark
et
	gr
owth
	is
	the
	declining
	cost
	of
	
batter
y
	technolo
gy.
	In
	CY
	2023,
	batter
y
	pack
	prices
	dr
opped
	
to
	171
	USD/kWh
,
	making
	hybrid	v
ehicles
	mor
e
	affor
dable
	
and
	 cost-comp
etitive
	 in
	 the
	 Indian
	 mark
et.
	 Alongside
	
price
	dr
ops,
	adv
ancements
	in
	ba
ttery
	efficiency
	and
	power
	
management
	ar
e
	allowing
	man
ufacturers
	to
	deliv
er
	high-
per
formance
	v
ehicles
	without
	compr
omising
	affor
dability.
	
The
	 inte
gration
	of
	 smar
t
	 and
	connected
	technologies
	is
	
fur
ther
	enhancin
g
	the
	appeal
	of
	hybrid
	cars
	to
	tech-sa
vvy
	
consumers.
The
	r
obust
	expa
nsion
	of
	India
’s
	used
	car
	mark
et,
	which
	
r
eached
	USD
	37.57
	Billion
	in
	2023,
	also
	points
	to
	gr
owing
	
acceptance
	of
	hybrid
	v
ehicles
	and
	incr
eased
	confidence
	in
	
their
	r
esale
	v
alue.
	This
	shift
	is
	pr
ompting
	manufactur
ers
	to
	
br
oaden
	their
	hyb
rid
	por
tfolios
	an
d
	off
er
	inno
vative
	financing
	
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
===== PAGE 121 =====
118
India Nippon Electricals Limited
solutions	to 	r each 	a 	wider 	customer 	base. 	The 	industr y 	is 	
also
	seeing
	gr
eater
	collaboration	between
	automotiv
e
	firms
	
and
	tech	pr
oviders,
	aiming
	to
	de
velop
	efficient,
	localiz
ed,
	and
	
economically
	
viable
	
hybrid
	
solutions.
(Source:https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-
reports/india-hybrid-vehicles-market)
ELECTRIC VEHICLES MARKET
India’s
	Electric
	V
ehicle
	(EV
)
	mark
et
	is
	poised
	for
	exponential
	
gr
owth,
	with
	its
	v
alue
	pr
ojected
	to	rise
	fr
om
	USD
	54.41
	Billion
	
in
	2025
	to
	USD
	110.7
	Billion
	b
y
	202
9,
	r
eflecting
	a
	r
obust
	CA
GR
	
of
	19.44
%
	during	the
	for
ecast
	period.
	This
	rapid
	expansion
	
signals
	a
	major
	shift
	in
	the
	countr
y’s
	mobility
	landscape,
	
underpinned
	 b
y
	 str
engthening
	 domestic
	 manufacturing
	
capabilities
	
and
	
continuous
	
technological
	
innovation.
(Source:https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-
reports/india-electric-vehicle-market)
The
	 ind
ustry
	 has
	 seen
	 a
	 significant
	 ramp-up
	 in
	 local
	
pr
oduction,
	with
	manufactur
ers
	incr
easingly
	localizing
	k
ey
	
components,
	 pa
rticularly
	 in
	 the	 batter
y
	 and
	 power
train
	
segments,
	to
	r
educe
	r
eliance
	on
	impor
ts
	and
	tailor
	solutions
	
to
	Indian	conditio
ns.
	Indigenous
	technology
	de
velopment
	is
	
gaining
	moment
um,
	setting
	the
	stage
	for
	a
	mor
e
	self-r
eliant
	
and
	
sustainable
	
EV
	
ecosystem.
Government
	pol
icies
	ha
ve
	pla
yed
	a
	catalytic
	r
ole
	in
	this
	
transition.
	The
	F
aster
	Adoption
	an
d
	Manufacturing
	of
	Hybrid
	
and
	Electric
	V
ehicles
	(F
AME)
	sche
me,
	first
	launched
	in
	2015,
	
laid
	the
	foundati
on
	for
	widespr
ead
	EV
	adoption.
	Its
	second
	
phase,
	F
AME
	II,
	which
	extended
	until
	April
	2022,
	significantly
	
boosted
	electric
	v
ehicle
	sales,
	especially
	in
	2021,
	thr
ough
	
tar
geted
	incentiv
es,
	including
	subsidies
	of
	`
	10,000
	for
	EVs
	
with
	
battery
	
capacities
	
up
	
to
	
15
	
kWh.
The
	Union
	Budg
et
	2025–26
	marks
	a
	piv
otal
	moment
	for
	
India
’s
	 electric
	 v
ehicle
	 (EV
)
	 an
d
	 batter
y
	 manufacturing
	
ecosystem,
	 with
	 se
veral
	 strategic
	 measur
es
	 intr
oduced
	
to
	accel
erate
	do
mestic
	pr
oduction,
	ensur
e
	critical
	mineral
	
access,
	and
	enha
nce
	sustainabili
ty
	thr
ough
	r
ecycling.
	These
	
initiativ
es
	ar
e
	expected
	to
	pr
ovide
	significant
	momentum
	to
	
the
	EV
	industr
y
	acr
oss
	v
arious
	segments,
	fr
om
	lar
ge-scale
	
manufactur
ers
	to
	MSMEs.
	One
	of
	the
	major
	announcements
	
is
	the
	launch
	of
	a
	National
	Manufacturing
	Mission
	focused
	
on
	fostering
	the	pr
oduction
	of
	EV
	batteries,
	motors,
	and
	
contr
ollers.
	The
	mission
	aims
	to	suppor
t
	enterprises
	of
	all
	
siz
es
	-
	par
ticularly
	micr
o,
	small,
	and
	medium
	enterprises
	
(MSMEs)
	-
	and
	str
engthen
	India
’s
	position
	in
	the
	global
	EV
	
supply
	
chain.
	
In	 line 	 with 	 this 	 vision, 	 the 	 bu dgetary 	 allocation 	 for 	 k ey 	 
EV
-linked
	schem
es
	has
	seen
	a
	substantial
	incr
ease.
	The
	
PME-DRIVE
	 (Prime
	 Minister
	 Electric
	 Driv
e
	 Re
volution
	 in
	
Inno
vative
	V
ehicle
	Enhancement)	scheme
	r
eceived
	a
	funding
	
boost
		fr
om
	` 1,8
70.76
	Cr
ore
	in
	2024–25
	to
	`
	4,000
	Cr
ore
	in
	 
2025–26
	signaling
	the
	go
vernment’s
	str
ong
	commitment
	
to
	next-
generation
	mobility
	solutions.
	Similarly
,
	the
	outla
y
	
for
	 the
	 Pr
oduction
	 Link
ed
	 Inc
entive
	 (PLI)
	 scheme
	 for
	
A
utomobiles
	 an
d
	 A
uto
	 Compo
nents
	 has
	 sur
ged
	 fr
om
	 
` 346.87
	Cr
ore
	in
	2024-25
	to
	` 2,818.85
	Cr
ore
	for
	2025-26,
	
aiming 
to attract higher investments and drive innovation 
across
	
the
	
sector.
In
	a
	mo
ve
	to
	foster
	sustainability
	and
	cost
	efficiency
,
	the
	
go
vernment
	has	r
emoved
	Basic	Customs
	Duty
	(BCD)
	on
	
lithium-ion
	batter
y
	scrap,
	encouraging
	the
	r
ecycling
	of
	EV
	
batteries.
	This
	policy
	shift
	could	lower
	batter
y
	pr
oduction
	
costs
	 an
d
	 supp
ort
	 the
	 cr
eation
	 of
	 a
	 cir
cular
	 economy
,
	
although
	 the
	 industr
y
	 must
	 na
vigate
	 r
egulatory
	 and
	
operational
	
challenges
	
to
	
fully
	
realize
	
its
	
benefits.
(Source:https://www.downtoearth.org.in/energy/
budget-2025-26-evs-to-become-affordable-
government-announces-support-for-manufacturing-
tax-relief-for-critical-minerals#:~:text=In%20the%20
Union%20Budget%202025,EV%20and%20battery%20
manufacturing%20industry.)
Challenges Faced by the Electric Vehicles Industry
High Initial Costs
One
	of
	the
	for
emost
	challenges	hindering
	the
	widespr
ead
	
adoption
	of
	electric
	v
ehicles
	(EVs)
	in
	India
	is
	their
	high
	upfr
ont
	
cost.
	EV
s
	ar
e
	typically
	20–30%
	mor
e
	expensiv
e
	than
	their
	
internal
	combust
ion
	engine
	(ICE)
	counterpar
ts,
	primarily
	due
	
to
	th
e
	co
stly
	lithiu
m-ion
	batteries	that
	account
	for
	nearly
	half
	
the
	v
ehicle’s
	tota
l
	cost.
	Although	EVs
	off
er
	lower
	operating
	
and
	 maintenance
	 expenses
	 o
ver
	 time,
	 the
	 steep
	 initial
	
inv
estment
	dete
rs
	many
	buy
ers
	in
	a
	price-sensitiv
e
	mark
et
	
lik
e
	India
.
	This
	affor
dability
	barrie
r
	r
emains
	a
	k
ey
	constraint,
	
par
ticularly
	
in
	
the
	
passenger
	
vehicle
	
segment.
Inadequate Charging Infrastructure
India’s
	 EV
	 char
ging
	 infrastructur
e
	 is
	 still
	 at
	 a
	 nascent
	
stage,
	with
	the
	number
	of
	public
	char
ging
	stations
	falling
	
well
	shor
t
	of
	dem
and.
	Most
	EV
	users
	curr
ently
	depend
	on
	
home
	ch
arging,
	which
	is
	not
	viable
	for
	a
	lar
ge
	section
	of
	
the
	population,
	especially
	those
	living
	in
	urban
	apar
tments
	
without
	dedicated
	parking.
	The
	limited
	a
vailability
	of
	fast,
	
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
===== PAGE 122 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
119
Annual Report 2024-25
reliable	 char ging	 stations 	 inten sifies 	 range 	 anxiety 	 and 	
discourages
	consumers
	fr
om
	embracing
	electric
	v
ehicles,
	
especially
	
for
	
long-distance
	
journeys.
Supply Chain and Battery Dependency
The
	I
ndian
	EV
	ecosystem
	is
	hea
vily
	r
eliant
	on
	impor
ted	
batteries
	 and
	 critical
	 components,
	 as
	 domestic	
manufacturing
	 capabilities
	 ar
e
	 still
	 emer
ging.
	 This	
dependence
	 exposes
	 the
	 industr
y
	 to
	 globa
l
	 supply	
chain
	 disruptions
	 and
	 price
	 v
olatility.
	 Mor
eover,
	 I
ndia	
lacks
	 domestic
	 r
eserves
	 of
	 essential
	 raw
	 materials
	 lik
e	
lithium,
	cobalt,
	and
	nick
el,
	deepening
	its
	external
	r
eliance.	
Compounding
	the
	issue
	is
	the
	absence
	of
	a
	well-de
veloped	
batter
y
	 r
ecycling
	 and
	 disposal
	 system,
	 which
	 raises	
concerns
	
about
	
long-term
	
environmental
	
sustainability.
Policy and Regulatory Uncertainty
While
	the
	Indian
	go
vernment
	has
	intr
oduced
	v
arious
	policies
	
and
	 inc
entives
	 to
	 pr
omote
	 EV	 adoption,
	 inconsistency
	
and
	sho
rt-term
	planning
	continu
e
	to
	undermine
	pr
ogress.
	
Many
	 state-le
vel
	 EV
	 policies
	 ar
e
	 nearing
	 expiration,
	 and
	
central
	incentiv
es
	v
ary
	acr
oss
	segments,
	cr
eating
	ambiguity
	
for
	 stak
eholders.
	 The
	 absence
	 of
	 a
	 coher
ent,
	 long-term
	
national
	r
oadmap
	aff
ects
	inv
estor
	confidence
	and
	slows
	
infrastructur
e
	de
velopment.
	A
	stable
	and
	for
ward-looking
	
r
egulatory
	framework
	is
	essenti
al
	for
	sustained
	gr
owth
	in
	
the
	
EV
	
sector.
Consumer Awareness and Perception
Limited
	public
	awar
eness
	about
	electric
	v
ehicles
	and
	their
	
adv
antages
	r
emains
	a
	significa
nt
	barrier
.
	Many
	potential
	
buy
ers
	 ar
e
	 unawar
e
	 of
	 the
	 long-term
	 cost
	 sa
vings,
	
envir
onmental
	 benefits,
	 and
	 go
vernment
	 subsidies
	
associated
	with
	EVs.
	Misconcep
tions
	about
	batter
y
	saf
ety,
	
limited
	 driving
	 range,
	 char
ging
	 time,
	 and
	 inadequate
	
infrastructur
e
	 fur
ther
	 dissuade	 consumers.
	 Enhancing
	
public
	ed
ucation	and
	transpar
ent
	communication
	about
	EV
	
technologies
	
and
	
incentives
	
is
	
vital
	
to
	
accelerate
	
adoption.
Power Grid and Energy Infrastructure Constraints
The
	gr
owing
	ado
ption
	of
	EVs
	will
	place
	incr
easing
	demands
	
on
	India
’s
	power	grid,
	necessitati
ng
	substantial
	
investments
	
in
	 grid
	 infrastructur
e
	 and
	 en
ergy
	 management.
	 The
	
integration
	of
	r
enewable
	ener
gy
	sour
ces
	with
	EV
	char
ging
	
systems
	is
	crucial
	for
	achie
ving
	sustainability
	goals,
	but
	
pr
ogress
	in
	this
	ar
ea
	is
	slow
.
	Without
	pr
oactive
	planning,
	the
	
sur
ge
	in
	electrici
ty
	demand
	could	lead
	to
	grid
	instability
	and
	
operational
	 inefficiencies,
	 diminishing
	 the
	 envir
onmental
	
benefits
	
of
	
electric
	
mobility.
Investment and Localization Challenges
India’s
	EV
	industr
y
	continues
	to
	grapple
	with
	inadequate
	
inv
estment
	 in
	 r
esearch,
	 de
velopment,
	 and
	 domestic
	
manufacturing.
	 High
	 pr
oduction
	 costs
	 and
	 limited
	
localization
	 of
	 critical
	 compone
nts
	 hinder
	 the
	 industr
y’s
	
ability
	to	scale
	and
	driv
e
	down
	prices.
	Collaboration
	between
	
go
vernment
	enti
ties
	and
	priv
ate
	sector
	stak
eholders
	is
	often
	
fragmented,
	slowing
	inno
vation
	and
	the
	establishment
	of
	a
	
r
obust
	
domestic
	
supply
	
chain.
INDIAN AUTO COMPONENT INDUSTRY 
The
	India
n
	autom
otive
	industr
y
	stands
	at
	a
	piv
otal
	junctur
e,
	
poised
	for
	significant
	gr
owth
	and
	transformation
	driv
en
	b
y
	
emer
ging
	tr
ends	and
	technologic
al
	adv
ancements.
	In
	2024,
	
the
	secto
r
	r
eached
	a
	v
aluation
	of
	USD
	74
	Billion,
	surpassing
	
its
	pr
evious
	peak	of
	USD
	69
	Billion
	in
	2023.
	While
	challenges
	
persist
	in
	specific	segments,
	such
	as
	domestic
	two-wheeler
	
(2W
)
	sales,
	the
	component
	indu
stry
	continues
	to
	r
ecover
	
steadily
,
	suppor
ted
	b
y
	a
	rise
	in
	expor
ts
	and
	an
	expanding
	
v
ehicle
	par
c,
	whi
ch
	has
	also
	fueled
	gr
owth
	in
	the
	aftermark
et
	
segment.
Although
	 ICE
	 power
trains
	 still
	 dominate,
	 the
	 industr
y
	 is
	
witnessing
	the
	emer
gence
	of
	nine
	alternativ
e
	power
train
	
technologies.
	Th
is
	shift
	is
	expe
cted
	to
	r
eshape
	the
	auto
	
component
	land
scape
	b
y
	driving
	demand
	for
	specializ
ed
	
par
ts,
	 par
ticularly
	 as
	 electric
	 v
ehicles
	 and
	 other
	 next-
generation
	
powertrains
	
move
	
toward
	
standardization.
	
Simultaneously
,
	 the
	 gr
owing
	 tr
end
	 of
	 pr
emiumization,
	
especially
	 in
	 2Ws
	 and
	 passenger
	 v
ehicles
	 (PVs),
	 is
	
influencing
	 com
ponent
	 design	 and
	 manufacturing,
	 as
	
consumers
	incr
easingly
	seek
	softwar
e-defined
	f
eatures
	and
	
as
	
regulatory
	
mandates
	
push
	
for
	
advanced
	
safety
	
systems.
Software
	integration
	is
	set
	to
	pla
y
	an
	e
ven
	gr
eater
	r
ole
	with
	
the
	antic
ipated
	shift
	towar
d
	z
onal
	electrical/electr
onic
	(E/E)
	
ar
chitectures,
	enabling
	enhanced
	v
ehicle
	functionality
	and
	
efficiency
.
	This
	technological
	transformation
	underscor
es
	
the
	need
	for
	the
	auto
	component
s
	industr
y
	to
	sta
y
	agile
	and
	
inno
vation-driven.
Furthermore,
	Ind
ia
	has
	a
	strategic
	oppor
tunity
	to
	position
	
itself
	 as
	 a
	 global
	 automotiv
e
	 powerhouse.
	 Disruptions
	
in
	globa
l
	supply	chains
	ha
ve
	opened
	a
venues
	for
	Indian
	
manufactur
ers
	 to
	 access
	 high-demand
	 international
	
mark
ets.
	 By
	 str
engthening
	 dom
estic
	 supply
	 chains
	 and
	
aligning
	with
	emer
ging
	technolog
ical
	tr
ends,
	the
	Indian
	auto
	
components
	 industr
y
	 can
	 enhance
	 its
	 competitiv
eness,
	
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
===== PAGE 123 =====
120
India Nippon Electricals Limited
increase	expor ts, 	and 	contribute 	to 	the 	countr y’s 	br oader 	
goal
	 of
	 self-r
eliance.
	 These
	 de
velopments
	 not
	 only
	 hold
	
the
	pote
ntial
	to
	solidify
	India
’s
	status
	as
	a
	leader
	in
	next-
generation
	mobility
	solutions
	bu
t
	also
	to
	r
edefine
	its
	r
ole
	in
	
the
	
global
	
automotive
	
value
	
chain.
(Source: https://www.acma.in/uploads/publication/64-annual-
session/ACMA_Fostering_self_reliance_Report_v3_Print.pdf)
SWOT ANAL YSIS OF THE AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY
Strengths
•	
 Rob
ust Market Demand: 	Th
e
	industr
y
	benefits
	fr
om
	
incr
easing
	disposable
	incomes,
	an
	expanding
	middle
	
class,
	 and
	 ac
celerating
	 urba
nization,
	 par
ticularly
	
in
	 emer
ging
	 eco
nomies
	 such
	 as
	 India,
	 which
	 driv
e
	
sustained
	
vehicle
	
demand.
•	 Established Industry Players:
	 A
	 matur
e
	 ecosystem
	
comprising
	 both
	 domestic
	 and
	 international
	
manufactur
ers
	fosters
	healthy
	co
mpetition,
	continuous
	
inno
vation,
	
and
	
consumer
	
trust.
•	 Technological Advancement:
	 Rapid
	 integration
	 of
	
cutting-edge
	 technologies
	 such
	 as
	 electric
	 v
ehicles
	
(EVs),
	connected	mobility
,
	and
	autonomous
	systems
	
positions
	 the
	 sector
	 as
	 a
	 lea
der
	 in
	 the
	 futur
e
	 of
	
transpor
tation.
•	 Supportive Policy Frameworks:	Go
vernment
	initiativ
es
	
pr
omoting
	electrification,
	infrastructur
e
	expansion,
	and
	
local
	manufacturing
	cr
eate
	a
	fa
vorable
	envir
onment
	for
	
gr
owth
	
and
	
investment.
•	 Market Versatility:
	The
	ind
ustry’s
	capacity
	to
	ser
ve
	a
	
wide
	spectrum
	of
	consumer
	need
s,
	fr
om
	two-wheelers
	
and
	 pas
senger
	 cars
	 to
	 comme
rcial
	 and
	 specializ
ed
	
v
ehicles,
	
ensures
	
resilience
	
and
	
reach.
Weaknesses
•	 Cost and Operational Pressures: Rising
	input
	costs,
	
fuel
	 price
	 v
olatility,
	 and
	 persistent
	 supply
	 chain
	
disruptions
	 pose
	 ongoing
	 risks
	 to
	 pr
ofitability
	 and
	
operational
	
efficiency.
•	 Lagging Technological Adoption: 	 Some
	 legacy
	
pla
yers
	ar
e
	slow
	to
	embrace
	adv
anced
	technologies
	
and
	elec
trification,
	r
educing
	their
	competitiv
e
	edge
	as
	
consumer
	
preferences
	
evolve.
•
 Limited 
Premium Appeal: Certain segments continue 
to
	 lack
	 modern	 f
eatures
	 and	 aspirational
	 design,
	
constraining
	thei
r
	appeal
	in
	urban	and
	affluent
	mark
ets.
•	 Infrastructure Gaps: 	 Inad equate 	 EV 	 infrastructur e, 	
par
ticularly
	in
	ch
arging
	and
	batte
ry-swapping
	facilities,
	
slows
	
down
	
the
	
transition
	
to
	
sustainable
	
mobility.
•	 Regulatory Complexity:
	Stricter
	emissions
	and
	saf
ety
	
standar
ds
	incr
ease
	compliance
	costs
	and
	engineering
	
challenges
	
for
	
manufacturers.
Opportunities
•	 EV Market Expansion: Growing
	 envir
onmental
	
consciousness
	and
	suppor
tive
	go
vernment
	policies
	ar
e
	
fueling
	the
	rapid
	expansion
	of
	the
	EV
	sector
,
	off
ering
	
v
ast
	
potential
	
for
	
innovation
	
and
	
investment.
•	 Export Growth:	As
	global
	mark
ets
	seek
	cost-eff
ective
	
suppliers,
	 India
’s
	 auto
	 component
	 and
	 v
alue-added
	
v
ehicle
	
exports
	
can
	
gain
	
significant
	
traction.
•	 Technology-Driven Innovation: Emerging
	technologies
	
such
	as
	Adv
anced
	Driv
er
	Assistance
	Systems
	(AD
AS),
	
autonomous
	mobility
,
	and
	connected
	v
ehicle
	platforms
	
off
er
	opp
ortunities
	for
	diff
erentiation
	and
	new
	r
evenue
	
str
eams.
•	 Rural Market Penetration: Underserved
	 rural
	 ar
eas
	
off
er
	 gr
owth
	 pr
ospects
	 for
	 affor
dable
	 two-wheelers
	
and
	com
pact
	pa
ssenger
	v
ehicles,
	suppor
ted
	b
y
	rising
	
rural
	
incomes
	
and
	
infrastructure
	
development.
•
 New
 Mobility Models:	T
rends
	such
	as
	shar
ed
	mobility
,
	
subscription-based
	ownership,
	and
	fleet
	par
tnerships
	
open
	 up
	 fr
esh
	 business
	 models
	 and
	 customer
	
engagement
	
strategies.
Threats
•	 Disruptive Competition: Tech-driven
	 entrants,
	 both
	
domestic
	star
tups
	and
	global
	pla
yers,
	ar
e
	challenging
	
traditional
	automak
ers,
	especially
	those
	slow
	to
	adapt
	
to
	
digital
	
transformation.
•	 Policy Uncertainty: Shifts
	in
	emission
	norms,
	r
egulatory
	
frameworks,
	and
	subsidy
	schemes
	can
	hinder
	long-
term
	
planning
	
and
	
investment
	
confidence.
•	 Macroeconomic Instability:
	 Global
	 economic
	
downturns,
	 geopolitical
	 tensions,
	 and
	 curr
ency
	
fluctuations
	can	adv
ersely
	impact
	pr
oduction,
	costs,
	
and
	
consumer
	
sentiment.
•	 Evolving Consumer Expectations: 	 Shifts
	 towar
d
	
sustainability
,
	saf
ety,
	and
	digital
	integration
	demand
	
rapid
	inn
ovation;
	companies
	lagging
	in
	r
esponse
	risk
	
becoming
	
obsolete.
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
===== PAGE 124 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
121
Annual Report 2024-25
• Cap ital-Intensive Transition: 	 The 	 shift 	 towar d 	
electrification
	an
d
	smar
t
	mobilit
y
	r
equires
	substantial
	
inv
estment.
	 Firms
	 that
	 cannot
	 achie
ve
	 scale
	 or
	
localization
	
may
	
struggle
	
to
	
remain
	
competitive.
INDUSTRY OUTLOOK
The
	 Ind
ian
	 auto
motive
	 industr
y
	 is
	 poised
	 to
	 emer
ge
	 as
	
a
	significant
	for
ce
	in
	the
	global
	ar
ena.
	With
	the
	countr
y’s
	
economy
	showin
g
	r
esilience
	and	urban
	centers
	expanding
	
rapidly
,
	the
	secto
r
	is
	well-position
ed
	for
	sustained
	gr
owth
	in
	
2025.
	K
ey
	driv
ers
	include
	inno
vation
	in
	v
ehicle
	technology
	
and
	suppor
tive
	go
vernment
	initia
tives,
	especially
	within
	the
	
commer
cial
	v
ehicle
	segment.
	As	infrastructur
e
	for
	electric
	
and
	 hyb
rid
	 v
ehicles
	 continues
	 to
	 e
volve,
	 the
	 industr
y’s
	
adaptability
	to
	co
nsumer
	tr
ends
	and
	envir
onmental
	priorities
	
will
	be
	critical
	in
	maintaining
	momentum
	and
	expanding
	its
	
international
	
footprint.
Meanwhile,
	the
	I
nternal
	Combus
tion
	Engine
	(ICE)
	segment
	
is
	witnes
sing
	dyn
amic
	expansion
,
	spurr
ed
	b
y
	adv
ancements
	
in
	engin
eering,
	gr
owing
	consum
er
	demand,
	and
	strategic
	
policy
	 suppor
t.
	 T
echnological
	 inno
vations
	 ar
e
	 not
	 only
	
impr
oving
	the
	per
formance
	and	r
eliability
	of
	ICE
	systems
	
but
	also
	enabling	them
	to
	align
	with
	e
volving
	envir
onmental
	
standar
ds.
	The
	sur
ge
	in
	urban
	population
	and
	changing
	
transpor
tation
	
needs
	
are
	
further
	
fueling
	
demand.
	
In
	pa
rallel,
	go
vernment
	incentiv
es,
	ranging
	fr
om
	subsidies
	to
	
emission
	contr
ol
	mandates,
	ar
e
	pr
omoting
	
the
	de
velopment
	
of
	 clean
er,
	 mor
e
	 efficient
	 ICE
	 solutions.
	 Additionally
,
	
r
eductions
	in
	manufacturing
	costs,
	aided
	b
y
	technological
	
pr
ogress
	and
	competitiv
e
	scaling
,
	ar
e
	making
	these
	solutions
	
incr
easingly
	
viable
	
and
	
appealing
	
across
	
diverse
	
markets.
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Since
	 its
	 foundation
	 in
	 1984,
	 India
	 Nippon
	 Electricals
	
Limited
	(‘INEL
’
	or
	‘the
	Company
’)
	has
	gr
own
	into
	a
	k
ey
	pla
yer
	
in
	 the
	 automotiv
e
	 mechatr
onics
	 landscape,
	 r
ecognized
	
for
	 its
	 pr
ecision
	 engineering
	 and
	 r
eliable
	 solutions.
	 The
	
Company
	caters	to
	a
	div
erse
	range
	of
	segments
	including
	
two-wheelers,
	 thr
ee-wheelers,
	 por
table
	 generators,
	 and
	
small
	ga
soline
	engines.
	Ov
er
	the	y
ears,
	INEL
	has
	emer
ged
	
as
	 a
	 pr
eferred
	 supplier
	 for
	 leading
	 Indian
	 automobile
	
manufactur
ers,
	par
ticularly
	noted	for
	its
	contributions
	
to
	the
	
electr
onic
	
ignition
	
systems
	
segment.
	
T
oday,
	IN
EL
	cont
inues
	to
	div
ersify	its
	off
erings
	b
y
	integrating
	
cutting-edge
	co
mponents
	such
	as
	sensors,
	contr
ol
	units,
	
conv
erters,
	and
	adv
anced
	engin
e
	management
	systems.
	
As 	par t 	of 	its 	pr ogressive 	gr owth 	journe y, 	the 	Company 	is 	
also
	expanding
	its
	footprint
	in
	the
	electric
	v
ehicle
	space,
	
embracing
	
the
	
future
	
of
	
sustainable
	
mobility.
Building
	on
	its
	r
eputation
	for
	ex
cellence,
	INEL
	has
	de
veloped
	
a
	compr
ehensive
	suite
	of
	high-per
formance,
	diff
erentiated
	
pr
oducts
	that
	meet
	the
	e
volving
	needs
	of
	domestic
	and
	
global
	clients.
	The
	Company
’s
	dedication
	to
	enhancing
	its
	
aftermark
et
	 ser
vices
	 and
	 str
engthening
	 its
	 expor
t
	 base
	
has
	enabled
	a
	successful
	fora
y
	into
	international
	mark
ets,
	
notably
	acr
oss
	Nor
th
	America,
	E
urope,
	and
	ASEAN.
	Strategic
	
collaborations
	with
	major
	OEMs
	ha
ve
	fur
ther
	boosted
	INEL
’s
	
global
	standing,
	pa
ving
	the
	wa
y
	for
	continued
	gr
owth
	and
	
incr
eased
	
market
	
penetration.
INEL’s
	str
ong
	track
	r
ecord
	of
	adapting
	to
	shifting
	industr
y
	
dynamics
	 is
	 e
vident
	 in
	 its
	 financial
	 and
	 operational
	
milestones.
	The	Company
	achi
eved
	a
	r
ecord
	turno
ver
	of
	
`
	845
	Cr
ores
	in
	2024-25,
	r
eflecting
	a
	r
obust
	y
ear-on-year
	
gr
owth
	of
	16%.
	INEL
	has
	maintained
	its
	leadership
	position
	
in
	 the
	 compet
itive
	 two-wheel
er
	 segment.
	 Additionally
,
	
aftermark
et
	sales
	experienced
	significant
	gr
owth
	of
	12%
	
during
	th
e
	y
ear,
	underlining
	the
	Company
’s
	r
esponsiveness
	
to
	custom
er
	expe
ctations
	and
	its
	commitment
	to
	quality
	and
	
ser
vice.
The
	Company
’s
	manufacturing
	ca
pabilities
	ar
e
	suppor
ted
	b
y
	
thr
ee
	strategicall
y
	positioned
	facilities
	in
	Hosur
	(T
amil
	Nadu),
	
Puducherr
y,
	and
	Rewari
	(Har
yana).
	These
	plants
	ar
e
	cer
tified
	
under
	 IS
O
	 1400
1:2015
	 and
	 IS
O
	 45001:2018
	 standar
ds,
	
highlighting
	INEL
’s
	dedication
	to	sustainable
	practices
	and
	
workplace
	saf
ety.
	Be
yond
	manu
facturing,
	the
	Company
	is
	
hea
vily
	inv
ested	in
	r
esearch
	and	inno
vation.
	INEL
’s
	state-
of-the-ar
t
	 R&D
	 center
,
	 r
ecognized
	 b
y
	 the
	 Depar
tment
	
of
	S
cientific
	and	Industrial
	Resear
ch
	(DSIR),
	is
	a
	hub
	for
	
next-generation
	 pr
oduct
	 de
velopment
	 and
	 technological
	
adv
ancement.
At
	the
	cor
e
	of
	INEL
’s
	inno
vation
	ec
osystem
	lies
	the
	INEL
	T
ech
	
Center
,
	which
	focuses
	on
	emer
ging
	technologies
	and
	v
alue-
driven
	solutions	for
	the
	mobility
	sector
.
	Alongside
	pr
oven
	
off
erings
	 lik
e
	 fly
wheel
	 magneto
s,
	 ignition
	 coils,
	 r
egulator
	
r
ectifiers,
	 and
	 CDI/T
CI
	 units,
	 the
	 Company
	 is
	 pioneering
	
de
velopments
	 in
	 EFI
	 systems
,
	 ISG
	 contr
ollers,
	 motor
	
contr
ol
	units
	for
	EVs,
	DC-DC
	conv
erters,
	smar
t
	displa
ys,
	
and
	 adv
anced
	 sensor
	 technol
ogies.
	 INEL
	 T
ech
	 Center
	
emplo
ys
	 o
ver
	 100
	 engineers
	 engaged
	 in
	 compr
ehensive
	
pr
oduct
	de
velopment,
	fr
om
	con
cept
	to
	commer
cialization,
	
in
	accor
dance
	with
	I
ATF
	T
S16949
	standar
ds
	and
	guidelines.
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
===== PAGE 125 =====
122
India Nippon Electricals Limited
The	 Cen ter 	 hol ds 	 ISO/IEC 	 27001:2022 	 cer tification 	 for 	
its
	 Information
	 Security
	 Management
	 System,
	 r
eflecting
	
its
	 commitment	 to
	 data
	 security
	 and
	 risk
	 management.
	
INEL
	is
	also
	pr
oactively
	working
	towar
d
	achie
ving
	TISAX
	
Le
vel
	3
	cer
tification,
	a
	k
ey
	r
equirement
	for
	many
	E
uropean
	
customers.
	 In
	 addition,
	 INEL
	 T
ech
	 Center
	 maintains
	
compliance
	 with
	 ISO
	 14001:
2015
	 for
	 Envir
onmental
	
Management
	an
d
	ISO
	45001:201
8
	for
	Occupational
	Health
	
and
	Saf
ety,
	underscoring
	its
	dedication
	to
	sustainable
	and
	
saf
e
	
operational
	
practices.
OPERATIONAL OVERVIEW
During
	2024-25,
	INEL
	made
	significant
	strides
	in
	pr
oduct
	
de
velopment
	and	inno
vation
	acr
oss
	four
	strategic
	categories:
	
conv
entional
	ICE
	pr
oducts,
	next
-generation
	ICE+
	systems,
	
EV
	com
ponents,
	and
	pr
oducts
	with
	br
oader
	cr
oss-sector
	
applications
	
such
	
as
	
sensors,
	
displays,
	
and
	
controllers.
Advancements in Conventional ICE Products
INEL
	focused
	on	extending
	its
	existing
	por
tfolio
	of
	ignition
	
system
	 pr
oducts,
	 including
	 A
C
	 generators,
	 ignition
	
contr
ollers,
	ignit
ion
	coils,
	and
	v
oltage
	r
egulators,
	into
	new
	
applications.
	The	Company
	succ
essfully
	de
veloped
	tailor
ed
	
solutions
	 for
	 two-wheeler
,
	 thr
ee-wheeler,
	 and
	 general-
purpose
	engine
	mark
ets.
	By
	le
veraging
	its
	br
oad
	arra
y
	of
	
standar
d
	 off
erings,
	 INEL
	 was
	 able
	 to
	 r
espond
	 swiftly
	 to
	
customer
	needs
,
	off
ering
	custo
m
	solutions
	with
	minimal
	
lead
	times.
	Thr
ough
	tar
geted
	v
alue
	engineering
	effor
ts,
	INEL
	
also
	
achieved
	
substantial
	
cost
	
savings
	
for
	
customers.
	
Pr
ogress
	
in
	
ICE+
	
Technologies
Under
	th
e
	ICE+
	categor
y,
	INEL
	intr
oduced
	se
veral
	adv
anced
	
and
	 efficient
	 systems.
	 A
	 highli
ght
	 of
	 the
	 y
ear
	 was
	 the
	
de
velopment
	and	patenting
	of
	a
	power
	boost
	r
egulator,
	which
	
impr
oved
	 gener
ating
	 system
	 efficiency
	 b
y
	 appr
oximately
	
25%.
	 Th
is
	 inno
vation
	 was
	 successfully
	 intr
oduced
	 for
	
multiple
	customers,
	with
	at
	least
	one
	application
	entering
	
pr
oduction
	
in
	
2025.
The
	Company
	also
	launched
	an
	Electr
onic
	F
uel
	Injection
	
(EFI)
	ECU
	for
	motor
cycles,
	de
veloped
	thr
ough
	a
	technical
	
licensing
	par
tnership
	with
	globa
l
	collaborators.
	During
	the
	
y ear, 	the 	R&D 	team 	took 	effor ts 	to 	extend 	this 	solution 	to 	
scooter
	applicati
ons.
	Another
	no
table
	de
velopment
	was
	the
	
cr
eation
	
of
	
an
	
Integrated
	
Starter
	
Generator
	
(ISG)
	
controller.
	
Leadership in Electric V
ehicle Components
INEL
	fur
ther
	con
solidated
	its
	lea
dership
	in
	the
	EV
	segment
	
b
y
	expa
nding
	its
	range
	of
	DC-DC
	conv
erters
	to
	ser
ve
	the
	
rapidly
	e
volving
	electric
	mobility
	mark
et.
	Pr
oprietary
	pr
ocess
	
technologies
	 implemented
	 during
	 2024–25
	 significantly
	
impr
oved
	 pr
oductivity,
	 allowing	 the
	 Company
	 to
	 scale
	
pr
oduction
	
volumes
	
while
	
managing
	
a
	
diverse
	
product
	
mix.
Additionally,
	INE
L
	adopted
	an
	inno
vative
	design
	appr
oach
	
for
	 elec
tric
	 motors
	 and
	 contr
ollers
	 tar
geting
	 sub-3
	 kW
	
applications.
	The	r
esulting
	pr
oduct
	successfully
	passed
	in-
house
	v
alidation
	and
	under
went	customer
	trials,
	with
	full-
scale
	
market
	
introduction
	
scheduled
	
for
	
the
	
end
	
of
	
2026.
Strategic Customer Engagement and Global Expansion
To
	 str
engthen
	 aftermark
et
	 engagement
	 and
	 lo
yalty,
	
INEL
	 int
roduced	 a
	 dedicated
	 lo
yalty
	 points
	 pr
ogram
	 for
	
mechanics.
	 A
t
	 the
	 same
	 time,
	 the
	 Company
	 expanded
	
its
	globa
l
	footpr
int
	b
y
	tar
geting	gr
owth
	in
	Latin
	America
	
and
	Africa
	and
	le
veraging
	its
	par
ent
	company
’s
	pr
esence
	
to
	estab
lish
	business
	de
velopment
	offices
	in
	the
	US
	and
	
E
urope.
	Commission
	agents
	wer
e
	also
	appointed
	in
	v
arious
	
r
egions
	
to
	
further
	
broaden
	
international
	
reach.
Risk
	
Mitigation
	
and
	
Operational
	
Efficiency
With
	 th
e
	 scalin
g
	 of
	 aftermark
et
	 sales,
	 INEL
	 r
emained
	
vigilant
	about
	associated
	financ
ial
	and
	operational
	risks.
	
Looking
	ahead,
	the
	Company
’s
	plans
	to
	r
educe
	distribution
	
complexity
	 while
	 expanding
	 its
	 supplier
	 base.
	 Strategic
	
sour
cing,
	par
ticularly
	for
	electr
onic
	components,
	will
	be
	k
ey
	
to
	achie
ving
	economies
	of
	scale
	and
	sustaining
	v
olume
	
gr
owth.
Strengthening Compliance and Governance
INEL
	 made
	 meaningful
	 pr
ogress
	 in
	 impr
oving
	 financial
	
transpar
ency
	and
	r
egulatory
	co
mpliance.
	It
	implemented
	
legal
	compliance	softwar
e
	during
	2024–25
	and
	will
	fur
ther
	
integrate
	
its
	
GST
	
IMS
	
with
	
SAP
	
in
	
2025–26.
	
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
===== PAGE 126 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
123
Annual Report 2024-25
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW
Standalone Financial Snapshot 
(in ` Lakhs)
Particulars 2024-25 2023-24 Y-o-Y Change (in %)
Gross
	
Sales 84,055 72,603 16%
Net
	
Sales 83,194 71,670 16%
Operating
	
Profit 7,328 5,138 42%
Depreciation 2,056 1,509 36%
Profit
	
after
	
Tax
	
(PAT) 8,203 5,930 38%
Details of Key Standalone Financial Ratios
Ratios 2024-25 2023-24 Y-o-Y Change (in %)
Debtors’
	
Turnover
	
Ratio 5.43 5.54 (0.11)
Inventory
	
Turnover
	
Ratio 8.12 8.0 0.12
Current
	
Ratio
	
(x) 2.38 2.49 (0.11)
Operating
	
Profit
	
Margin
	 9% 7% 2%
Net
	
Profit
	
Margin
	 12% 10% 2%
Return
	
on
	
Net
	
Worth
	 12% 10% 2%
RISKS AND MI
TIGATION
Risk Impact Mitigation
Economic Risk Economic
	
fluctuations
	
present
	
a
	
risk
	
of
	
impacting
	
the
	
Company's
	
daily
	
operations
	
and
	
ma
y
	
also
	
hinder
	
its
	
efforts
	
to
	
expand
	
and
	
grow
	
the
	
business.
The
	
Company
	
takes
	
a
	
proactive
	
approach
	
by
	
r
egularly
	
evaluating
	
the
	
business
	
environment
	
and
	
implementing
	
strategies
	
to
	
mitigate
	
any
	
potential
	
disruptions
	
to
	
its
	
operations
	
or
	
growth
	
initiativ
es.
Geopolitical Risk Disruptions
	
in
	
supply
	
chain
	
and
	
cost
	
escalation
	
due
	
to
	
US-China
	
trade
	
tensions
	
impacting
	
rare
	
ear
th
	
magnet
	
availability.
The
	
Company
	
is
	
exploring
	
alternative
	
sources
	
and
	
methodologies
	
across
	
the
	
globe
	
to
	
mitigate
	
this
	
risk.
Customer Risk The
	
Company
	
faces
	
several
	
challenges,
	
including
	
a
	
heavy
	
reliance
	
on
	
a
	
small
	
group
	
of
	
key
	
customers,
	
which
	
could
	
lead
	
to
	
vulnerabilities
	
if
	
any
	
of
	
these
	
relationships
	
wer
e
	
to
	
shift.
	
Additionally,
	
there
	
is
	
insufficient
	
awar
eness
	
and
	
proactive
	
engagement
	
with
	
emer
ging
	
business
	
opportunities,
	
potentially
	
limiting
	
growth.
	
Furthermore,
	
the
	
Company
	
has
	
a
	
limited
	
presence
	
in
	
international
	
export
	
mark
ets,
	
which
	
increases
	
its
	
exposure
	
to
	
geopolitical
	
risks
	
that
	
could
	
impact
	
operations
	
and
	
profitability.
To
	
optimize
	
strategic
	
focus,
	
it
	
is
	
crucial
	
to
	
create
	
a
	
clear
	
distinction
	
between
	
current
	
operations
	
and
	
future
	
growth
	
initiatives.
	
This
	
approach
	
will
	
ensur
e
	
that
	
both
	
areas
	
receive
	
the
	
attention
	
they
	
r
equire.
	
Additionally,
	
expanding
	
market
	
reach
	
should
	
be
	
prioritized
	
by
	
combining
	
direct
	
sales
	
effor
ts
	
with
	
strategic
	
partnerships.
	
At
	
the
	
same
	
time,
	
exploring
	
export
	
opportunities
	
will
	
help
	
br
oaden
	
the
	
Company's
	
presence
	
in
	
international
	
mark
ets.
People Risk The
	
Company
	
faces
	
challenges
	
in
	
retaining
	
and
	
attracting
	
top
	
talent,
	
which
	
could
	
hinder
	
its
	
long-term
	
success.
	
Additionally,
	
there
	
is
	
a
	
misalignment
	
between
	
the
	
organizational
	
structur
e
	
and
	
the
	
strategic
	
goals,
	
potentially
	
aff
ecting
	
overall
	
efficiency
	
and
	
the
	
achievement
	
of
	
business
	
objectives.
The
	
Company
	
is
	
placing
	
a
	
strong
	
emphasis
	
on
	
branding
	
initiatives,
	
including
	
ramping
	
up
	
social
	
media
	
engagement
	
to
	
attract
	
top
	
talent.
	
In
	
addition,
	
enhanced
	
training
	
programs
	
are
	
being
	
implemented
	
to
	
develop
	
effective
	
managers,
	
with
	
a
	
particular
	
focus
	
on
	
establishing
	
key
	
result
	
ar
eas
	
(KRAs)
	
to
	
drive
	
performance
	
and
	
improve
	
emplo
yee
	
retention.
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
===== PAGE 127 =====
124
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Risk Impact Mitigation
IT and Cyber Risk There
	
are
	
inadequate
	
measures
	
in
	
place
	
to
	
saf
eguard
	
confidential
	
and
	
sensitive
	
information
	
fr
om
	
potential
	
threats,
	
both
	
internal
	
and
	
external.
The
	
Company
	
has
	
taken
	
several
	
steps
	
to
	
enhance
	
information
	
security,
	
including
	
conducting
	
a
	
SIEM
	
(Security
	
Incident
	
Event
	
Management)
	
audit
	
and
	
implementing
	
countermeasures
	
based
	
on
	
the
	
findings.
	
Additionally,
	
the
	
ISMS
	
(Information
	
Security
	
Management
	
Systems)
	
surveillance
	
audit
	
has
	
been
	
successfully
	
completed.
	
Periodic
	
cybersecurity
	
awareness
	
programs
	
have
	
been
	
conducted
	
throughout
	
the
	
year
	
to
	
ensure
	
staff
	
ar
e
	
well-informed.
	
An
	
audit
	
trail
	
has
	
been
	
enabled
	
acr
oss
	
all
	
critical
	
business
	
applications,
	
and
	
impor
tantly,
	
no
	
outages
	
or
	
attacks
	
have
	
been
	
r
eported.
Competition Risk The
	
intense
	
competition
	
within
	
the
	
automotive
	
industr
y
	
poses
	
a
	
risk
	
to
	
the
	
Company’s
	
mark
et
	
share,
	
margin
	
profile,
	
and
	
return
	
on
	
capital
	
employed,
	
potentially
	
impacting
	
overall
	
pr
ofitability
	
and
	
long-term
	
growth.
The
	
Company
	
leverages
	
its
	
technological
	
exper
tise,
	
strategic
	
partnerships,
	
strong
	
customer
	
r
elationships,
	
and
	
innovative
	
solutions
	
to
	
mitigate
	
the
	
risks
	
posed
	
by
	
intense
	
competition
	
and
	
maintain
	
its
	
market
	
position.
Technology Risk The
	
Company’s
	
growth
	
and
	
long-term
	
success
	
are
	
challenged
	
by
	
the
	
rapid
	
pace
	
of
	
technological
	
advancements,
	
which
	
require
	
ongoing
	
innovation
	
and
	
adaptability.
	
In
	
the
	
electric
	
vehicle
	
(EV)
	
segment,
	
the
	
Company
	
faces
	
intense
	
competition
	
from
	
both
	
established
	
industr
y
	
giants
	
and
	
agile
	
startups,
	
underlining
	
the need for diff
erentiation and strong strategic 
positioning.
	
Additionally,
	
product
	
obsolescence
	
poses
	
a
	
significant
	
risk,
	
as
	
the
	
fast-evolving
	
technological
	
landscape
	
demands
	
continuous
	
updates
	
and
	
improvements
	
to
	
maintain
	
consumer
	
interest
	
and
	
relevance.
The
	
Company
	
aims
	
to
	
explore
	
strategic
	
technology
	
partnerships
	
in
	
niche
	
areas
	
to
	
drive
	
inno
vation.
	
Additionally,
	
it
	
seeks
	
to
	
leverage
	
existing
	
relationships
	
with
	
OEMs
	
to
	
unlock
	
new
	
oppor
tunities.
	
By
	
closely
	
tracking
	
market
	
trends
	
and
	
emerging
	
technologies,
	
the
	
Company
	
plans
	
to
	
launch
	
innovative
	
products
	
that
	
meet
	
evolving
	
customer
	
needs.
	
Furthermore,
	
significant
	
inv
estment
	
in
	
R&D
	
will
	
ensure
	
that
	
new
	
products
	
ar
e
	
technologically
	
advanced,
	
sustainable,
	
and
	
adaptable
	
to
	
future
	
market
	
demands.
Supplier Risk The
	
procurement
	
process
	
has
	
been
	
optimized,
	
though
	
it
	
relies
	
heavily
	
on
	
single-source
	
vendors
	
and
	
has
	
limited
	
geographic
	
diversity
	
among
	
impor
t
	
suppliers.
	
While
	
lead
	
times
	
for
	
electronic
	
components
	
are
	
slightly
	
reduced,
	
automotive
	
par
ts
	
still
	
have
	
higher
	
lead
	
times.
	
Additionally,
	
the
	
supply
	
chain
	
remains
	
vulnerable
	
to
	
fluctuations
	
in
	
commodity
	
prices
	
and
	
other
	
cost
	
incr
eases,
	
which
	
can
	
impact
	
overall
	
costs
	
and
	
operations.
The
	
Company
	
has
	
developed
	
strategic
	
sourcing
	
strategies
	
aimed
	
at
	
mitigating
	
risks
	
associated
	
with
	
high-risk
	
vendors.
	
Additionally,
	
there
	
is
	
a
	
strong
	
focus
	
on
	
expanding
	
the
	
indexation
	
co
verage
	
for
	
commodities
	
that
	
are
	
currently
	
ex
cluded
	
from
	
customer
	
settlements,
	
ensuring
	
mor
e
	
comprehensive
	
cost
	
management.
Regulatory Risk The
	
automotive
	
industry
	
is
	
under
	
constant
	
pr
essure
	
to
	
adhere
	
to
	
strict
	
safety
	
and
	
envir
onmental
	
regulations.
	
Non-compliance
	
with
	
these
	
standards
	
can
	
lead
	
to
	
hefty
	
fines,
	
tarnished
	
brand
	
reputation,
	
and
	
significant
	
legal
	
r
epercussions.
INEL
	
has
	
implemented
	
a
	
strong
	
compliance
	
framework,
	
supported
	
by
	
a
	
software-driven
	
tool
	
designed
	
to
	
track
	
and
	
assess
	
regulatory
	
r
equirements
	
on
	
an
	
ongoing
	
basis.
	
Additionally,
	
the
	Company
	ensur
es
	continuous
	communication
	
with
	
regulators
	
to
	
stay
	
updated
	
on
	
any
	
changes
	
to
	
regulatory
	
policies.
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
===== PAGE 128 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
125
Annual Report 2024-25
HUMAN RESOURCES
INEL
	r
ecognizes
	that
	its
	people
	
are
	its
	gr
eatest
	str
ength
	
and
	
the
	driving
	for
ce
	behind
	the
	Company
’s
	continued
	gr
owth
	
and
	 success.
	 The
	 Company
	 is
	 committed
	 to
	 cr
eating
	 a
	
suppor
tive,
	inclusiv
e,
	and
	empowering
	work
	envir
onment
	
that
	pr
omotes
	bo
th
	personal
	and	pr
ofessional
	de
velopment.
	
Thr
ough
	compr
ehensive
	HR
	initia
tives,
	INEL
	striv
es
	to
	attract
	
and
	r
etain
	highly	capable
	individu
als
	while
	fostering
	a
	cultur
e
	
of
	contin
uous
	learning
	and
	coll
aboration.
	The
	Company
’s
	
focus
	r
emains
	on
	building
	a
	motiv
ated
	and
	futur
e-ready
	
workfor
ce
	b
y
	inv
esting
	in
	trainin
g,
	de
velopment
	pr
ograms,
	
and
	
career
	
advancement
	
opportunities.
As
	 of
	 31st	 Mar ch, 	 2025, 	 INEL	 pr oudly 	 emplo yed 	 2,315 	
individuals
	
across
	
various
	
functions.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)
INEL
	is
	deeply
	committed
	to
	building
	a
	sustainable
	futur
e
	
while
	 deliv
ering	 meaningful
	 economic
	 impact.
	 With
	 a
	
pr
oactive
	CSR
	Committee
	in
	plac
e,
	the
	company
	has
	crafted
	
a
	we
ll-defined
	CSR
	P
olicy
	that
	guides
	its
	effor
ts
	and
	aligns
	
with
	the
	vision
	of
	the
	Boar
d
	of
	Dir
ectors.
	In
	the
	r
eporting
	y
ear,
	
INEL
	con
tributed	₹115.10
	Lakhs
	to
wards
	transformativ
e
	CSR
	
initiativ
es,
	tar
geting
	critical
	ar
eas
	such
	as
	education,
	rural
	
upliftment,
	healt
hcare,
	and
	sanit
ation.
	The
	Company
’s
	goal
	
is
	to	cr
eate
	lasting,
	positiv
e
	change
	in
	the
	communities
	it
	
engages
	with,
	the
reby
	str
engthening
	its
	r
ole
	as
	a
	dependable,
	
purpose-driv
en
	
partner
	
in
	
social
	
progress.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUACY
The
	 Company
	 has
	 established
	 a
	 r
obust
	 internal
	 contr
ol
	
system
	co
vering
	business
	pr
ocesses,
	operations,
	financial
	
r
eporting,
	fraud
	pr
evention,
	and
	compliance
	with
	applicable
	
laws
	 an
d
	 r
egulations.
	 INEL
’s
	 audit
	 function
	 pr
ovides
	
r
easonable
	 assurance
	 r
egarding
	 the
	 eff
ectiveness
	 and
	
efficiency
	of
	ope
rations,
	saf
eguarding
	of
	assets,
	accuracy
	
of
	 finan
cial
	 r
ecords
	 and
	 r
eporting,
	 and
	 adher
ence
	 to
	
r
egulatory
	r
equirements.
	T
o
	enh
ance
	o
versight
	and
	r
eal-
time
	monitoring,	the
	Company
	utiliz
es
	an
	ERP
	system
	that
	
str
engthens
	 ana
lysis,
	 contr
ol,
	 and
	 compliance
	 thr
ough
	
integrated
	 tools
.
	 Regular
	 intern
al
	 audits
	 and
	 inspections
	
ensur
e
	 that
	 r
esponsibilities
	 ar
e
	 eff
ectively
	 dischar
ged.
	
The
	 A
udit
	 Committee
	 conduct
s
	 periodic
	 e
valuations
	 of
	
the
	per
formance	of
	both
	statuto
ry
	and
	internal
	auditors.
	It
	
also
	r
eviews
	the	adequacy
	and
	eff
ectiveness
	of
	the
	internal
	
contr
ol
	 framework
	 and
	 r
ecommends
	 enhancements
	 in
	
r esponse 	 to 	 evolving 	 business 	 needs.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
Statements
	 in
	 this
	 Manag
ement
	 Discussion
	 and
	
Analysis
	section	that
	describe
	the
	Company
’s
	objectiv
es,
	
expectations,
	or
	mak
e
	pr
edictions
	ma
y
	be
	‘for
ward-looking’
	
within
	 the
	 mea
ning
	 of
	 applica
ble
	 laws
	 and
	 r
egulations.
	
These
	 for
ward-looking
	 statements
	 b
y
	 the
	 Company
	
ar
e
	 based
	 on
	 cer
tain
	 assumptions
	 and
	 expectations
	 of
	
futur
e
	e
vents.
	The
	Company
	cannot
	guarantee
	that
	these
	
assumptions
	 an
d
	 expectations	 ar
e
	 accurate
	 or
	 will
	 be
	
r
ealized.
	The
	Company
	assumes
	no
	r
esponsibility
	to
	publicly
	
amend,
	modify
	or
	r
evise
	for
ward-looking
	statements
	based
	
on
	any
	subsequ
ent
	de
velopments,
	information,
	or
	e
vents.
	
Thus,
	 th
e
	 Company
’s
	 actual
	 per
formance/results
	 could
	
diff
er
	 fr
om
	 pr
ojected
	 estimates
	 made
	 in
	 the
	 for
ward-
looking
	statemen
ts.
	Discussion
	on
	the
	Company
’s
	operation
	
outcomes
	and
	financial
	conditio
n
	should
	be
	r
ead
	together
	
with
	 the	 audite
d,
	 consolidated
	 financial
	 statements
	 and
	
notes
	
to
	
these
	
statements
	
as
	
included
	
in
	
the
	
Annual
	
Report.
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
===== PAGE 129 =====
126
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
SECTION A
Details of Listed Entities
Question 1
Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity
L31901TN1984PLC011021 
Question 2
Name of the Listed Entity
India Nippon Electricals Limited  
Question 3
Year of incorporation
1984  
Question 4
Registered office address
No. 11 & 13, (Old No. 6 & 7) Patullos Road, Chennai - 600 002 
Question 5
Corporate address
No 11 & 13, (Old No. 6 & 7) Patullos Road, Chennai - 600 002 
Question 6
E-mail
investors@inel.co.in 
Question 7 
Telephone
044-2846 0073  
Question 8
Website
https://indianippon.com/  
Question 9
Financial year for which reporting is being done
April 1, 2024 – March 31, 2025
Question 10
Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed
1. 
 BSE
 Limited
2. 
 Nat
ional Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
Question 11
Paid-up Capital
` 11,31,07,120  
Question 12
Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the 
person who may be contacted in case of any queries on the 
BRSR report
Name: Ms. S Logitha
Designation: Company Secretary
Telephone: 044 - 2846 0073
E-mail: logitha.s@inel.co.in
Question 13
Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report 
made on a standalone basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on 
a consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and all the entities 
which form a part of its consolidated financial statements, 
taken together).
The disclosures made in this report are on a standalone 
basis. 
Question 14
Name of assurance provider
Not Applicable
Question 15
Type of assurance obtained
Not Applicable 
===== PAGE 130 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
127
Annual Report 2024-25
Products/services
Question 16
Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
S. 
No.
Description of Main Activity Description of Business Activity % of Turnover of the entity
1 Manufacturing INEL is a manufacturer within the automotive industry, 
specializing in producing cutting-edge electronic 
ignition systems, advanced mechatronic products 
including sensors and controllers.
100
Question 17
Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):
S. 
No.
Product/Service NIC Code % of total Turnover 
contributed
1 Stator 29304 7.9
2 Rotor 29304 5.3
3 Flywheel Magneto 29304 64.2
4 CDI 29304 2
5 Regulator & Rectifiers 29304 7.6
6 Ignition Coil 29304 3.0
7 Integral Unit 29304 3.4
Operations
Question 18
Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
Location Number of Plants Number of Offices Total
National 4 1 5
International - - -
Question 19
Markets served by the entity:
a.
 Number of locations
Locations Number
National (No. of States) 28 States and 8 Union Territories
International (No. of Countries) 11
b.
 What is the
 contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
4%
c.
 A b
rief on types of customers
INEL is one of the largest automotive electrical manufacturers in the world. We cater to two-wheeler, three-wheeler, 
general purpose engines, all terrain vehicles, snow mobiles, and recreational vehicles, among others.
Our major customers - TVS Motor Company Limited, Hero MotoCorp Limited and Bajaj Auto Limited.  
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 131 =====
128
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Employees
Question 20
Details as at the end of Financial Year:
a.
 Emplo
yees and workers (including differently abled):
S. 
No.
Particulars Total (A) Male Female Other
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A) No. (D) % (D/A)
Employees
1. Permanent (D) 369 336 91.057 33 8.943 0 0
2. Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
3. Total employees(D + E) 369 336 91.057 33 8.943 0 0
Workers
4. Permanent (D) 208 168 80.769 40 19.231 0 0
5. Other than Permanent (G) 1738 1412 81.243 326 18.757 0 0
6. Total workers (F + G) 1946 1580 81.192 366 18.808 0 0
b.
 Diff
erently abled Employees and workers:
S. 
No.
Particulars Total (A) Male Female Other
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A) No. (D) % (D/A)
Differently Abled Employees
1. Permanent (D) 1 0 0 1 100 0 0
2. Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
3 Total differently abled 
employees(D + E)
1 0 0 1 100 0 0
Differently Abled Workers
4. Permanent (D) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
5. Other than Permanent (G) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
6. Total differently abled 
workers (F + G)
0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Question 21
Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Position Total (A) No. and percentage of females
No. (B) % (B/A)
Board of Directors 6 2 33.333
Key Management Personnel 3 1 33.333
Question 22
Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers
Type 2024-25  
(Turnover rate in current FY)
2023-24  
(Turnover rate in previous FY)
 2022-23 (Turnover rate in the 
year prior to the previous FY)
Male Female Other Total Male Female Other Total Male Female Other Total
Permanent 
Employee (%)
18.26 12.12 0 15.19 13.29 15.69 0 13.47 20.71 33.33 0 21.62
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 132 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
129
Annual Report 2024-25
Type 2024-25  
(Turnover rate in current FY)
2023-24  
(Turnover rate in previous FY)
 2022-23 (Turnover rate in the 
year prior to the previous FY)
Male Female Other Total Male Female Other Total Male Female Other Total
Permanent 
Workers (%)
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
Question 23
Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures
S. 
No
Name of the holding / subsidiary / 
associate companies / joint ventures 
(A)
Indicate whether 
holding/Subsidiary/ 
Associate Company/ 
Joint Venture
% of shares held by 
listed entity
Does the entity 
indicated at column 
A, participate in the 
Business Responsibility 
initiatives of the listed 
entity? (Yes/No)
1 PT Automotive Systems Indonesia Subsidiary 99.97 No
2 Lucas Indian Service Limited Holding 0 No
CSR Details
Question 24
CSR Details
(i) 
 Whether CS
R is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act 2013: (Yes/No)
 
Yes
(ii)
 T
urnover (in `)
 
 8,44
8,244,921  
(iii)
 Net wor
th (in `)
 
 7,10
8,772,222 
Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
Question 25
Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible Business 
Conduct:
Stakeholder 
group from whom 
complaint is 
received
Grievance 
Redressal 
Mechanism 
in Place 
(Yes/No)
If yes, then provide web- link for 
grievance redress policy
 2024-25 (Current Financial Year)  2023-24 (Previous Financial Year) (If NA, 
then 
provide 
the 
reason)
Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks
Communities Yes https://indianippon.com/
policies/#tab-1538384386-1-33
0 0 0 0
Investors (Other 
than shareholder)
Yes https://indianippon.com/
policies/#tab-1538384386-1-33
0 0 0 0
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 133 =====
130
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Stakeholder 
group from whom 
complaint is 
received
Grievance 
Redressal 
Mechanism 
in Place 
(Yes/No)
If yes, then provide web- link for 
grievance redress policy
 2024-25 (Current Financial Year)  2023-24 (Previous Financial Year) (If NA, 
then 
provide 
the 
reason)
Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks
Shareholders Yes https://indianippon.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/
invcomp.pdf
0 0 0 0
Employees and 
Workers
Yes https://indianippon.com/
policies/#tab-1538384386-1-33
0 0 7 0
Customers Yes https://indianippon.com/
policies/#tab-1538384386-1-33 0 0 0 0
Value Chain 
Partners
Yes https://indianippon.com/
policies/#tab-1538384386-1-33
0 0 0 0
Others (please 
specify here)
Yes POSH policy is available and 
accessible to all employees on the 
HR portal maintained internally.
2 0 2 0
Question 26
Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues
Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social matters 
that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate the risk 
along-with its financial implications, as per the following format
S. 
No
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt or 
mitigate
Financial 
implications 
of the risk or 
opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
1 Corporate 
Social 
Responsibility 
(CSR)
Opportunity Build trust with stakeholders. 
Attract\socially conscious 
customers and investors. 
NA Elevated brand 
visibility and 
value via 
community and 
stakeholder 
engagement.
2 Employee Well-
Being
Opportunity Improved well-being can 
lead to better performance 
and higher quality of work 
and reduced absenteeism & 
employee turnover. Positive 
employee experience can 
lead to attraction of talent 
and improve the Company’s 
reputation.
NA Increase in 
efficiency, 
assisting in 
managing the 
employee cost.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 134 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
131
Annual Report 2024-25
S. 
No
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt or 
mitigate
Financial 
implications 
of the risk or 
opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
3 Occupation 
Health 
and Safety 
Management
Risk Safeguarding our workforce 
is a crucial component of our 
business strategy.
We have implemented ISO 45001 
for Health and Safety Management 
System and certified for EOHS. A 
Weekly Safety Audit is carried out 
zone-wise by the Safety Team and 
work related hazards are identified. 
A Safety Committee meeting is 
conducted every alternate month 
and the members highlight safety 
concerns noticed by them. An 
external agency being engaged once 
in a year to make a overall safety 
study.
Zero fatality or 
loss of asset and 
adherence to 
legal compliance.
4 Data Security 
and Privacy
Risk Inadequate information 
security and cyber 
framework to protect 
confidential and sensitive 
information from internal/
external threats.
1.
 SIE
M(Security Incident Event 
Management) study conducted, 
actions are identified and 
counter measures are 
implemented
2.
 An ISMS 27
001 surveillance 
audit is conducted to ensure 
that no non-conformances are 
noticed with reference to ISMS 
standards
3.
 Cybersecur
ity awareness 
programmes are conducted 
through various forums
Effective 
cybersecurity 
control measures 
are in place
5 Governance Risk & 
Opportunity
Demonstrating a strong 
governance framework can 
attract investments and 
improve the Company's 
repute. Moreover, the 
dynamic compliance 
landscape continues to be 
a risk for the organization, 
if the compliance is not 
monitored and adhered on 
time.
We have a Compliance tool 
to monitor the regulatory and 
compliance landscape
Positive 
implications
6 Climate change 
impact on 
products
Risk Climate change impact on 
availability of raw materials 
,power and natural resources 
like water acts as risk.
The Company has an internal 
risk framework to mitigate risks 
pertaining to raw materials and the 
Company continues to invest in 
renewable energy
The Company has an internal 
environment framework and 
monitors the Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions.
Negative 
and positive 
implications
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 135 =====
132
India Nippon Electricals Limited
S. 
No
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt or 
mitigate
Financial 
implications 
of the risk or 
opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
7 Global geo-
politics
Risk & 
Opportunity
Disruptions to supply chain, 
trade restrictions are few 
geopolitical risks faced by the 
Company. The geopolitical 
risks also lead to Innovation, 
technology adoption and 
new opportunities for 
the Company to explore 
emerging markets.
The Company is continuously 
monitoring the risks associated and 
has a plan in place to de-risk supply 
chain and other associated risks. 
NA
SECTION B
Policy and Management Processes
Question 1
Policy and management processes related questions
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
1.
 a.
  Wheth
er your entity’s policy/policies cover each 
principle and its core elements of the NGRBCs.
(Yes/No/NA)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
1.
 b.
  Has the 
policy been approved by the Board? (Yes/
No/NA)
Yes No Yes Yes Yes No No Yes No
1.
 c. W
eb Link of the Policies, if available
Code of Conduct and Business Ethics - https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384514950-3-5
Whistle Blower Policy and Vigil mechanism - https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384386-1-33
CSR Policy - https://indianippon.com/policies/#tab-1538384386-2-40
Question 2
Policy and management processes related questions
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
2.
  Whether the
 entity has translated the policy into 
procedures. (Yes/No/NA)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Question 3
Policy and management processes related questions
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
3.
  Do the enlis
ted policies extend to your value chain 
partners? (Yes/No/NA)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 136 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
133
Annual Report 2024-25
Question 4
Policy and management processes related questions
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
4.
  Nam
e of the national 
and international codes/
certifications/labels/standards 
(e.g. Forest Stewardship 
Council, Fairtrade, Rainforest 
Alliance, Trustea) standards 
(e.g. SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO, 
BIS) adopted by your entity 
and mapped to each principle.
IATF 
16949: 
2021
IATF 
16949: 
2021
ISO45001: 
2018
IATF 
16949: 
2021
ISO14001: 
2015
ISO9001: 
2015 
ISO27001. 
2022
Question 5
Policy and management processes related questions
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
5.
  Spe
cific commitment goals 
and targets set by the entity 
with defined timelines, if any.
The Company has  defined goals under each of the NGRBC principles and the same 
was submitted to CII - Green Co Certification.
Question 6
Policy and management processes related questions
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
6.
  P
erformance of the entity 
against the specific 
commitment goals and targets 
along-with reasons in case the 
same are not met. 
NA
Governance, leadership and oversight
Question 7
Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges, targets and 
achievements (listed entity has flexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure)
INEL is deeply committed to environmental stewardship and actively champions sustainable practices. Our dedication to 
minimizing carbon emissions is demonstrated through the adoption of eco-friendly technologies within our manufacturing 
operations—resulting in notable reductions in both energy use and greenhouse gas outputs. We’ve also implemented 
comprehensive waste recycling programs, advanced water-conservation initiatives across our facilities, and support 
reforestation efforts.
We’re pleased to share that our Hosur plant has earned the prestigious “Green Co” rating from the CII’s Green Company Rating 
System. By achieving a Green
 Co rating, our Hosur plant 
joins the ranks of industry leaders who are not only meeting today’s 
green benchmarks but also demonstrating measurable resource savings and lasting environmental impact. 
Looking forward, our ESG objectives remain firmly in place. We view sustainable growth as the cornerstone of our strategy, 
and ESG principles guide every facet of our business decisions. We thank our stakeholders for their ongoing support and invite 
continued collaboration as we work toward a greener, more sustainable future—together.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 137 =====
134
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Question 8
Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility policy (ies).
Name: Mr. Arvind Balaji,
Designation: Managing Director
Question 9
Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision making on sustainability related 
issues? (Yes/No/NA). If yes, provide details. 
No
The Managing Director and the President are responsible for decision-making on sustainability related issues.
Question 10
Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company
Subject for Review Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director / Committee of the Board/ Any 
other Committee
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against above 
policies and follow up action
The policies of the Company are reviewed periodically/on a need basis by department 
heads/ director/ Board committees/Board members, wherever applicable.
Compliance with statutory 
requirements of relevance to the 
principles, and, rectification of 
any noncompliances
The Company complies with all the applicable statutory requirements and rectifies 
noncompliance, if any. This is reviewed by the Audit Committee.
Subject for Review Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any other – please specify)
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against above 
policies and follow up action Ongoing basis.
Compliance with statutory 
requirements of relevance to the 
principles, and, rectification of 
any noncompliances
Quarterly and as & when required according to statutory requirements.
Question 11
Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation of the working of its policies by an external agency? (Yes/No). 
If yes, provide name of the agency.
Question P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Has the entity carried out 
independent assessment/ 
evaluation of the working of its 
policies by an external agency?
Yes Yes Yes
If yes, provide name of the 
agency.
CII - 
Godrej 
GBC
NA NA NA NA CII - 
Godrej  
GBC
NA NA ISMS 
policies and 
procedures 
were 
audited by 
independent 
agency by 
TUV Nord.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 138 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
135
Annual Report 2024-25
During the FY 2024-25 an Independent Assessment of INEL Hosur Plant was carried out by CII Green Co Assessment Panel. As 
the Company had met all the requirements in accordance with Green Company Rating System (Version-4.0 guidelines), it was 
awarded “GreenCo Gold” certification. This certification marks a significant milestone in the Company’s sustainability journey.
Question 12
If answer to question (1) of this section B is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated
Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
The entity does not consider 
the Principles material to its 
business (Yes/No)
NA
The entity is not at a stagewhere 
it is in a position to formulate 
and implement the policies on 
specified principles (Yes/No)
The entity does not have the 
financial or/human and technical 
resources available for the task 
(Yes/No)
It is planned to be done in the 
next financial year (Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify
SECTION C
P1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent and 
Accountable.
Question E1
Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the financial year. 
Segment Total number 
of training and 
awareness 
programmes held
Topics /principles covered under the training 
and its impact
%age of persons 
in respective 
category covered 
by the awareness 
programmes
Board of Directors - Nil -
Key Managerial Personnel 2 ESG Roadmap, POSH Awareness, Cybersecurity, 
Business Ethics
100
Employees other than BoD and 
KMPs
284 Green Certified Professional,Tryout Approval, 
Business Responsibility & Sustainability 
Reporting, Seminar on Quality 4.0, APQP , PPAP , 
VDA FMEA, SPC & MSA, GD&T, Samanvaya SOft 
SKill Training, Cardiac Awareness, Obstetrics 
& Gynaecology, ERT, Fire Fighting, TQM, Indian 
Production System/IPC Standards, POSH, Safety, 
Environment, Mental Health aawreness, Business 
Ethics & Code of Conduct Policies, Leadership 
and Design of Thinking
100
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 139 =====
136
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Segment Total number 
of training and 
awareness 
programmes held
Topics /principles covered under the training 
and its impact
%age of persons 
in respective 
category covered 
by the awareness 
programmes
Workers 568 Onboarding Training, PDI Operators, Gemba 
Starter Preparation, Measuring Gauges & 
Instruments, CNC, ERT, Fire Fighting, Obstetrics 
& Gynaecology, Skill Level Upgradation, POSH, 
Safety, Environment, Health, Road Safety, Water 
Management, Testing, Tool Box talks,ILR and 
CLR Handling, 5S Methodology, Problem Solving 
Tools, Production Do's and Dont's
100
Question E2
Details of fines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the entity or 
by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial year, in the following 
format (Noten: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s website)
Monetary
Details NGRBC 
Principle
Name of the regulatory/ 
enforcement agencies/ 
judicial institutions
Amount  
(In `)
Brief of the Case Has an appeal 
been preferred? 
(Yes/No)
Penalty/ Fine Principle 1 1.
  Sta
te Tax Officer 
– GST, Vellore 
Jurisdiction
9,01,158 The said penalty amount 
of ` 9,01,158/- pertains to 
the alleged contravention 
of Section 129 of the CGST 
Act, 2017 and the Rules 
appended therewith.
Yes
2.
  
Haryana State 
Pollution Control 
Board
60,000 Violation of CAQM direction 
No. 76 regarding regulation 
for use of DG set in NCR.
No
3.
  Sta
te Tax Officer 
(GST), Haridwar 
Jurisdiction
11,89,648 The said penalty amount 
of ` 11,89,648/- pertains to 
the alleged contravention 
of Section 129 of the CGST 
Act, 2017 and the Rules 
appended therewith.
Yes
Settlement Nil
Compounding 
fee
Nil
Non-Monetary
Details NGRBC 
Principle
Name of the regulatory/ 
enforcement agencies/ 
judicial institutions
Brief of the Case Has an appeal 
been preferred? 
(Yes/No)
Imprisonment Nil
Punishment Nil
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 140 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
137
Annual Report 2024-25
Question E3
Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/Revision preferred in cases where monetary or non-
monetary action has been appealed.
Case Details Name of the regulatory/ enforcement 
agencies/ judicial institutions
1.
  A 
penalty amount of Rs. 9,01,158/- was levied by State Tax Officer - GST, Vellore 
jurisdiction pertaining to the alleged contravention of Section 129 of the CGST 
Act, 2017 and the Rules appended therewith.
 
 A 
penalty amount of Rs 11,89,648/- was levied by State Tax Officer, Haridwar, 
pertaining to the alleged contravention of Section 129 of the CGST Act, 2017 and 
the Rules appended therewith.
1.
  Sta
te tax Officer - GST, Vellore 
Jurisdiction.
2.
  Sta
te tax Officer - GST Haridwar 
Jurisdiction
Question E4
Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a web-
link to the policy.
Yes. As a part of the Code of Conduct for all the employees, on discipline and misconduct, the Company states its anti-bribery 
policy as “Accepting bribe or illegal gratification, in any form, from anyone, in connection with the Company’s business is 
considered violation”. The policy emphasizes a zero tolerance approach towards corruption and bribery. The Company has 
appropriate internal controls to ensure that the Company or its employees do not engage in unethical practices. The Company 
conducts proactive reviews, audits and internal investigations to monitor compliance with the policy. The policy also provides 
information and guidance on how to recognize and deal with bribery and corruption issues. As a part of the training on the Code 
of Conduct, employees are also trained on Anti-Corruptionand Anti-bribery topics. The web-link of such policies covered under 
the Code of Conduct and Business Ethics are available on the Company’s website.  
Question E5
Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement agency 
for the charges of bribery/ corruption
 2024-25  
(Current Financial Year)
 2023-24  
(Previous Financial Year)
Directors 0 0
KMPs 0 0
Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
Question E6
Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest
Complaints  2024-25 (Current Financial Year)  2023-24 (Previous Financial Year)
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints received 
in relation to issues of Conflict of 
Interest of the Directors
0 0
Number of complaints received 
in relation to issues of Conflict of 
Interest of the KMPs
0 0
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 141 =====
138
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Question E7
Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by regulators/ 
law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.
NIL
Question E8
Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following format:
 2024-25  
(Current Financial Year)
 2023-24  
(Previous Financial Year)
Number of days of accounts payables 89 101
Question E9
Open-ness of business Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties 
along-with loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format
Parameter Metrics  2024-25  
(Current Financial Year)
 2023-24  
(Previous Financial Year)
Concentration of 
Purchases
a.
 Pur
chases from trading houses as % of 
total purchases
7.48 7.11
b.
 Num
ber of trading houses where 
purchases are made from
41 43
c.
 Pur
chases from top 10 trading houses as 
% of total purchases from trading houses
85.27 85.64
Concentration of 
Sales
a.
  Sal
es to dealer / distributors as % of total 
sales
11 12
b.
  Num
ber of dealers/distributors to whom 
sales are made
95 118
c.
  Sal
es to top 10 dealers / distributors as 
% of total sales to dealer / distributors
74 43.8
Share of RPTs i a.
  Pur
chases (Purchases with related 
parties as % of Total Purchases)
- -
b.
  Sal
es (Sales to related parties as % of 
Total Sales)
5.92 6.97
c.
  Loa
ns & advances given to related 
parties as % of Total loans & advances
- -
d.
  Inv
estments in related parties as % of 
Total Investments made
- -
Question L1
Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the principles during the financial year:
Total number 
of awareness 
programmes held
Topics / principles covered under the training %age of value chain partners covered (by 
value of business done with such partners) 
under the awareness programmes
13 8D Problem solving methodology, ‘5S’ Lean Tool 
System, Communication & People Motivation, 
Core Tool – MSA, OEE, Environmental Awareness  
(ESG ),IATF 16949:2016 Awareness,  Advance Soldering 
Solution for Sustainability, Basic Awareness of Statutory 
&  Regulatory Requirements, Basic Awareness of NPD 
Process, Soft Skill Training & Comprehensive Safety 
Knowledge & Awareness Session.
60
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 142 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
139
Annual Report 2024-25
Question L2
Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? (Yes/No) If 
Yes, provide details of the same.
Yes, the Company has in place a ‘Policy on Related Party Transactions’, which is applicable to our Board members.
Transactions with the Board members or any entity in which such Board members are concerned or interested are required 
to be approved by the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors. In such cases, the interested Directors abstain themselves 
from the discussions at the meeting.
Further, the Company has formulated a Code of Conduct which ensures that the Board members, Directors, Senior Management, 
and employees shall avoid situations in which their personal interests could conflict with the interests of the Company. As per 
the Company’s Code of Conduct, the Directors are required to disclose to the Board of Directors, any personal interest that they 
may have in material, financial and commercial transactions resulting in a potential conflict with the interest of the Company 
at large. 
P2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
Question E1
Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental and 
social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.
2024-25  
(Current Financial year)
 2023-24  
(Previous Financial Year)
Details of improvements in 
environmental and social impacts
R&D 0 NIL
Capex 1.2 NIL
Question E2
Sustainable Sourcing 
a.
 Doe
s the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing?
 Y
es  
b.
 If y
es, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
 75%
  
Question E3
Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, for
a.
 Pla
stics (including packaging)
 
 All our 
products are supplied to original equipment manufacturer. Hence the scope of disposal of such materials after end 
of life  is taken care by OEMs.
b.
 
E-waste
 
 All our 
products are supplied to original equipment manufacturer. Hence the scope of disposal of such materials after end 
of life is taken care by OEMs.  
c.
 Haz
ardous waste
 
 All our 
products are supplied to original equipment manufacturer. Hence the scope of disposal of such materials after end 
of life is taken care by OEMs. 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 143 =====
140
India Nippon Electricals Limited
d. Oth er waste
 
 All 
our products are supplied to original equipment manufacturer. Hence the scope of disposal of such materials after end 
of life is taken care by OEMs.  
Question E4
Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Yes / No). If not, provide steps taken 
to address the same.
Yes  
E4.1 If yes, whether the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to 
Pollution Control Boards?
Yes  
We have applied for EPR with Central Pollution Control Board, and it is currently under consideration.  
Question L1
Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing industry) or 
for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format?
NIC Code Name of Product/
Service
% of total Turnover 
contributed
Boundary for 
which the Life 
Cycle Perspective 
/ Assessment was 
conducted
Whether conducted 
by independent 
external agency 
(Yes/No)
Results 
communicated 
in public domain 
(Yes/No) If yes, 
provide the web-
link.
This is not applicable as our products are assembled with an Engine/Vehicle and the Life Cycle Assessment of the Engine/ 
Vehicle is dealt by customers. 
Question L2
If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your products 
/ services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly describe the 
same along with action taken to mitigate the same.
Name of product/Service Description of the risk/ concern Action Taken
NIL NIL NIL
Question L3
Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing industry) 
or providing services (for service industry).
Indicate input material Recycled or re-used input material to total material
 2024-25  
(Current Financial Year)
 2023-24  
(Previous Financial Year)
NIL
No recycled or reused material used in manufacturing of our parts procured from our suppliers.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 144 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
141
Annual Report 2024-25
Question L4
Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled, and safely 
disposed, as per the following format:
Waste Type  2024-25 (Current Financial Year)  2023-24 (Previous Financial Year)
Re-Used Recycled Safely 
Disposed
Re-Used Recycled Safely 
Disposed
Plastics (including 
packaging)
NAE-Waste
Hazardous Waste
Other Waste (Edit here) 
All our products are supplied to OEMs and hence reclaim/recycle/reuse will be under their scope.
Question L5
Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
Indicate product category Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of total 
products sold in respective category
Packing materials 0.34
Copper 0.07
Aluminium 0.004
Steel 0.33
Plastic 0.05
Apart from packaging materials, copper, aluminium, steel and plastics are part of our products. The above items reclaimable 
value is calculated with Total sales turnover. 
P3: Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
Question E1
Well-being of employees and workers:
a. 
 Details of measur
es for the well-being of employees:
Category % of employees covered by
Total 
(A)
Health  
Insurance
Accident 
Insurance
Maternity 
Benefits
Paternity  
Benefits
Day Care 
Facilities
Number 
(B)
%  
(B / A)
Number 
(C)
%  
(C/ A)
Number 
(D)
%  
(D / A)
Number 
(E)
%  
(E / A)
Number 
(F)
%  
(F / A)
Permanent employees
Male 336 336 100 336 100 - - 0 0 0 0
Female 33 33 100 33 100 33 100 - - 33 100
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 369 369 100 369 100 33 8.943 0 0 33 8.943
Other than Permanent employees
Male 0 0 0 0 0 - - 0 0 0 0
Female 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 - - 0 0
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 145 =====
142
India Nippon Electricals Limited
b. Details of measur es for the well-being of workers:
Category % of workers covered by
Total 
(A)
Health Insurance Accident 
Insurance
Maternity 
Benefits
Paternity Benefits Day Care 
Facilities
Number 
(B)
%  
(B / A)
Number 
(C)
%  
(C / A)
Number 
(D)
%  
(D / A)
Number 
(E)
%  
(E / A)
Number 
(F)
%  
(F / A)
Permanent workers
Male 168 168 100 168 100 - - 0 0 0 0
Female 40 40 100 40 100 40 100 - - 40 100
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 208 208 100 208 100 40 19.231 0 0 40 19.231
Other than Permanent workers
Male 1,412 1,412 100 1,412 100 - - 0 0 0 0
Female 326 326 100 326 100 326 100 - - 326 100
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 1738 1738 100 1738 100 326 18.757 0 0 326 18.757
c.
  Spe
nding on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than permanent) 
in the following format –
 2024-25  
(Current Financial Year)
 2023-24  
Previous Financial Year
 Cost incurr
ed on wellbeing measures as a % of total revenue 
of the Company
1.44 1.48
All female employees and workers are extended with maternity benefit and day care facilities as and when required.
Question E2
Details of retirement benefits, for Current FY and Previous Financial Year.
Benefits  2024-25 (Current Financial Year)  2023-24 (Previous Financial Year)
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees
No. of 
workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workers
Deducted and 
deposited 
with the 
authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees
No. of 
workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workers
Deducted and 
deposited 
with the 
authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF 100 100 Yes 100 100 Yes
Gratuity 100 100 Yes 100 100 Yes
ESI 100 100 Yes 100 100 Yes
Others - Superannuation* 8 0 Yes 9 0 Yes
Superannuation is an additional benefit extended to employees as part of their CTC
Question E3
Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements of 
the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this regard. Yes 
/ No / NA
Yes, we have implemented requirements of the rights of persons with disabilities in one of our facilities.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 146 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
143
Annual Report 2024-25
Question E4
Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide a 
web-link to the policy. Yes / No / NA
No. However in practice we are ensuring the equal opportunity as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016.
Question E5
Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Gender Permanent Employees Permanent Workers
Return to work rate Retention rate Return to work rate Retention rate
Male 0 0 0 0
Female 100 100 100 100
Other 0 0 0 0
Total 0 0 0 0
Question E6
Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and worker?
If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Yes/No If Yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief
Permanent 
Workers
Yes 1)
 Whistle Blo
wer Policy: We are engaging a professionally managed external agency where any 
employee can raise their concern through e-mail/phone and the same is resolved as per the 
defined process.
2)
 V
oice of The Employees (VOTE): HR will meet all the employees as per the schedule, understand 
their issues and provide appropriate solution.
3)
 T
rade Union: We have registered/recognized Trade Unions functioning within the Company. The 
Union office bearers regularly interact with HR managers and amicably settle their grievances.
4)
 Monthly Gemba Meetings: 
The HR department addresses the above category of workers every 
month, understands their concerns and addresses them appropriately
5)
 P
oSH: The Committee meets every month, discuss the issues arising out of women employees 
and resolve them appropriately
Other than 
Permanent 
Workers
Yes 1)
 Whistle Blo
wer Policy: We are engaging a professionally managed external agency where any 
employee can raise their concern through e-mail/phone and the same is resolved as per the 
defined process.
2)
 V
oice of The Employees (VOTE): HR will meet all the employees as per the schedule, understand 
their issues and provide appropriate solution.
3)
 T
rade Union: We have registered/recognized Trade Unions functioning within the Company. The 
Union office bearers regularly interact with HR managers and amicably settle their grievances.
4)
 Monthly Gemba Meetings: 
The HR department addresses the above category of workers every 
month, understands their concerns and addresses them appropriately
5)
 P
oSH: The Committee meets every month, discuss the issues arising out of women employees 
and resolve them appropriately
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 147 =====
144
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Permanent 
Employees
Yes 1)  Whistle Blo wer Policy: We are engaging a professionally managed external agency where any 
employee can raise their concern through e-mail/phone and the same is resolved as per the 
defined process.
2)
 V
oice of The Employees (VOTE): HR will meet all the employees as per the schedule, understand 
their issues and provide appropriate solution.
3)
 T
rade Union: We have registered/recognized Trade Unions functioning within the Company. The 
Union office bearers regularly interact with HR managers and amicably settle their grievances.
4)
 Monthly Gemba Meetings: 
The HR department addresses the above category of workers every 
month, understands their concerns and addresses them appropriately
5)
 P
oSH: The Committee meets every month, discuss the issues arising out of women employees 
and resolve them appropriately
Other than 
Permanent 
Employees
Yes 1)
 Whistle Blo
wer Policy: We are engaging a professionally managed external agency where any 
employee can raise their concern through e-mail/phone and the same is resolved as per the 
defined process.
2)
 V
oice of The Employees (VOTE): HR will meet all the employees as per the schedule, understand 
their issues and provide appropriate solution.
3)
 T
rade Union: We have registered/recognized Trade Unions functioning within the Company. The 
Union office bearers regularly interact with HR managers and amicably settle their grievances.
4)
 Monthly Gemba Meetings: 
The HR department addresses the above category of workers every 
month, understands their concerns and addresses them appropriately
5)
 P
oSH: The Committee meets every month, discuss the issues arising out of women employees 
and resolve them appropriately
Question E7
Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:
Category  2024-25 (Current Financial Year)  2023-24 (Previous Financial Year)
Total 
employees 
/ workers in 
respective 
category (A)
No. of 
employees 
/ workers in 
respective 
category, who 
are part of 
association(s) 
or Union (B)
% (B / A) Total 
employees 
/ workers in 
respective 
category (C)
No. of 
employees 
/ workers in 
respective 
category, who 
are part of 
association(s) 
or Union (D)
% (D / C)
Total Permanent Employees 369 0 0 370 0 0
Male 336 0 0 338 0 0
Female 33 0 0 32 0 0
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total Permanent Workers 208 208 100 220 220 100
Male 168 168 100 176 176 100
Female 40 40 100 44 44 100
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 148 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
145
Annual Report 2024-25
Question E8
Details of training given to employees and workers:
Category 2024-25 (Current Financial Year) 2023-24 (Previous Financial Year)
Total 
(A)
On Health and 
safety measures
On Skill 
upgradation
Total 
(D)
On Health and 
safety measures
On Skill 
upgradation
No.  
(B)
%  
(B / A)
No.  
(C)
%  
(C / A)
No.  
(E)
%  
(E / D)
No.  
(F)
%  
(F / D)
Employees
Male 336 190 56.548 304 90.476 338 25 7.396 310 91.716
Female 33 32 96.97 30 90.909 32 6 18.75 28 87.5
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 369 222 60.163 334 90.515 370 31 8.378 338 91.351
Workers
Male 1580 1450 91.772 1425 90.19 1379 1106 80.203 1124 81.508
Female 366 325 88.798 185 50.546 319 224 70.219 118 36.991
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 1946 1775 91.213 1610 82.734 1698 1330 78.327 1242 73.145
Question E9
Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:
Category 2024-25 (Current Financial Year) 2023-24 (Previous Financial Year)
Total (A) No. (B) % (B / A) Total (C) No. (D) % (D / C)
Employees
Male 336 336 100 338 338 100
Female 33 33 100 32 32 100
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 369 369 100 370 370 100
Workers
Male 1580 168 10.633 1379 176 12.763
Female 366 40 10.929 319 44 13.793
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 1946 208 10.689 1698 220 12.956
Question E10
Health and safety management system: 
a.
  Whether 
an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/ No). If yes, 
the coverage such system? Yes / No / NA
 
 Y
es. We have implemented the standards of ISO 14001 for Environmental Management System and ISO 45001 for Health 
and Safety Management System and certified for EOHS. 
b.
  What ar
e the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis by the 
entity?
 1)
  Z
one-wise weekly Safety Audits are carried out by the Safety Team and work-related hazards are identified.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 149 =====
146
India Nippon Electricals Limited
 2)    A Safety Committee meeting is conducted every alternate month and the members highlight safety concerns noticed 
by them.
 3)
  An external agency is e
ngaged once in a year to conduct an overall safety study.
 
  All 
safety hazards are identified in the above manner and actions are reviewed in the weekly/monthly review by the 
leadership team 
c.
  Whether 
you have processes for workers to report the work related hazards and to remove themselves from such risks. 
(Y/N)
 
Yes.
 1)
  W
e have a Safety Committee consisting of workers. This Committee reviews the safety issues once in three months 
and addresses all the issues, thereby alleviating such risks.
 2)
 W
e have a practice of tracking near-miss and unsafe working conditions.
 3)
 Emplo
yees are encouraged to participate in safety-related suggestions and competitions 
d.
 Do the emp
loyees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Yes/ No) 
 Y
es, we have tie-ups with nearby hospitals for non-occupational health services to all our employees. An Annual Master
 Hea
lth check-up facility is extended to employees and appropriate medication is administered. 
Question E11
Details of safety related incidents, in the following format: *Including in the contract workforce
Safety Incident/Number Category*  2024-25  
(Current Financial Year)
 2023-24  
(Previous Financial Year)
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (L TIFR)  
(per one million-person hours worked)
Employees 0 0
Workers 0 9.68
Total recordable workrelated injuries Employees 0 0
Workers 0 1
No. of fatalities Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
High consequence workrelated injury or ill-health 
(excluding fatalities)
Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
Question E12
Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy work place.
All employees are educated the importance of safe work practices. A simulation-based training is offered to help them understand 
the importance of wearing Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Emergency Mock drills and Fire safety demonstrations are 
conducted every six months. Further.
1)
  
 W
eekly Safety Audits are carried out zone-wise by the Safety Team and work-related hazards are identified. All machines 
are equipped with safety curtains which prevent employees from work-related injuries
2)
  A S
afety Committee meeting is conducted every alternate month and the members highlight safety concerns noticed by 
them
3)
  External ag
ency being engaged once in a year to prepare an overall safety study
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 150 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
147
Annual Report 2024-25
4)  Em ployees are rewarded for the safety-related suggestions/improvements
5)
  As
 per the various guidelines, health check-ups are carried out periodically
6)
  An annual h
ealth check-up is carried out for all employees
All safety hazards are identified in the above manner and actions are reviewed on a weekly basis by the leadership team
All the facilities are covered with centralized Fire Hydrant system, digital fire alarm system & etc.,
Question E13
Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
 2024-25 (Current Financial Year)  2023-24 (Previous Financial Year)
Filed during 
the year
Pending
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks Filed during 
the year
Pending
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks
Working Conditions 0 0 0 0
Health & Safety 0 0 0 0
Question E14
Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed  
(by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Health and safety practices 100
Working Conditions 100
EOHS audits are carried out periodically, which cover the working conditions & health and safety practices. Further, ‘Work 
Permit’ , ‘HIRA’ and ‘EAIA’ is being carried out.
We have implemented Safety and working condition practices in line with the ISO 14001:2015/ISO 45001:2018 standards. 
Question E15
Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on significant 
risks / concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.
We have established a mechanism for taking corrective action for all the accidents/incidents//near misses. This has been 
reviewed by our senior leadership team during a weekly review meeting.
# Verification of safety curtain before start of operation - Part of Routine Maintenance Check
Question L1
Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees (Y/N) (B) 
Workers (Y/N).
Yes/No
(A)
 Emplo
yees (Y/N) Yes
(B)
 W
orkers (Y/N) Yes
Yes. We have the following provisions in this regard:
1)
 Gr
oup Personal Accident Policy (24-hours) - for all category of employees including workers
2)
  Apa
rt from the above, we have an internal policy that, in the event of death of any employee and workers, all the employees 
would contribute 1-day’s gross wages, while the management would contribute twice the contribution of the employees 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 151 =====
148
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Question L2
Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the value 
chain partners.
The Company has implemented a system to ensure statutory dues are deducted and disposed by the value chain partners.
This is done by  verifying the GST compliance through GST portal. We ensure to deduct TDS @ applicable rates by checking in 
Income Tax portal whether the vendors are filled the return or not. 
Question L3
Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work-related injury / ill-health / fatalities (as 
reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been are rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or whose 
family members have been placed in suitable employment:
Total no. of affected employees/ workers No. of employees/workers that are 
rehabilitated and placed in suitable 
employment or whose family members have 
been placed in suitable employment
2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
 2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Employees 0 0 0 1
Workers 0 1 0 2
Question L4
Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management of career 
endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No/NA)
No
Question L5
Details on assessment of value chain partners:
Issue % of value chain partners  
(by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed
Health and safety practices 100
Working Conditions 100
Question L6
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from assessments 
of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.
Currently, the compliance requirements in this regard are met by all our suppliers 
P4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
Question E1
Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.
Key stakeholders are identified on the basis of their material influence on the Company or on how they are impacted by the 
Company’s corporate decisions and the consequences of those decisions.
Through this mechanism, the Company has currently identified following internal and external stakeholder groups: 
Internal Stakeholders: Shareholders, Investors and Employees 
External Stakeholders: Customers, Suppliers, Local Communities, Governmental and Regulatory Bodies
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 152 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
149
Annual Report 2024-25
Question E2
List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group.
Stakeholder 
Group
Whether 
identified as 
Vulnerable & 
Marginalized 
Group (Yes/
No)
Channels of 
communication 
(Email, SMS, 
Newspaper, 
Pamphlets, 
Advertisement, 
Community 
Meetings, 
Notice Board, 
Website), Other
Details of Other Channels 
of communication
Frequency of 
engagement 
(Annually/ 
Half yearly/ 
Quarterly 
/ others 
– please 
specify)
Details 
of Other 
Frequency of 
engagement
Purpose and scope of 
engagement including key 
topics and concerns raised 
during such engagement
Customers  No  Other Conferences, customer 
meets, plant visits and 
surveys
Others - 
please specify
Regularly Product information, sales 
service and grievance 
redressal
Employees  No  Other 1.
  
Mail communication, 
WhatsApp group, 
workshops online 
portals, employee 
surveys.
2.
  
One-on-one 
interactions
3.
  
Employee 
engagement team 
building
4.
 T
ownhall meeting
5.
 Not
ice board
Others - 
please specify
Periodically 1.
  Upd
ating employees on 
Business performance 
in the form of Business 
communication 
meeting
2.
  Emplo
yee well being 
engagement like - 
yoga sessions, mental 
well being and stress 
awareness programs
3.
  
Inform important 
advancements in the 
Company.
4.
  Help
 the employees 
expand their knowledge 
in the industry.
5.
  Get emplo
yee feedback 
and resolving their 
issues.
Workers  No  Other Notice board, townhall 
meeting
Others - 
please specify
Periodically Getting feedback and 
resolving their issues.
Community Yes  Other Community engagement 
through CSR activities, 
meeting local people in 
and around the operating 
sites
Others - 
please specify
Periodically CSR community engagement
Shareholders/ 
Investors
 No  Other 1.
  
Annual report
2.
  
Investor 
presentations
3.
  
Corporate website
4.
  Qua
rterly & annual 
results
5.
  
Social media/
newspaper 
publication
6.
  Intim
ation to stock 
exchange
Others - 
please specify
Annually, 
periodically 
and quarterly
Sharing of key updates, 
results, management 
comment on the progress 
of the Company including 
financial and non-financial 
disclosures
Suppliers  No  Other Email, One on One 
interactions, Virtual 
Meetings.
Others - 
please specify
Periodically NPD, QCD, Tech shows
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 153 =====
150
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Question L1
Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social topics 
or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
INEL believes that ongoing, proactive involvement with its stakeholders helps to better align expectations and increase 
stakeholder trust and confidence, both of which contribute to preserving and enhancing the value created along the chain. The 
management routinely engages with essential stakeholders such as investors, customers, channel partners, and analysts to 
convey strategies and performance updates. These interactions are primarily managed by responsible business functions.
Subsequently, pertinent issues and feedback are deliberated upon with the appropriate Board committees. 
Question L2
Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and social 
topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were 
incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.
Yes 
One of the most important factors in choosing our material topics is the input from stakeholder engagements. Based on the 
feedback we get from stakeholders through ongoing engagement material topics are identified. For example, the community-
centric projects that are identified as part of INEL’s Annual CSR Action plan are based on the stakeholder engagement and 
firmed up by the Board. 
Question L3
Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/ marginalized 
stakeholder groups.
The Company’s CSR initiatives focus on various aspects of society engagement. The Company has been able to deliver 
significant value through its CSR initiatives. The CSR strategy is approved and periodically reviewed by the CSR Committee of 
the Board and believes in Optimizing Impact on Communities and Beneficiaries. The CSR projects undertaken during 2024-25 
were intended to make an impact on key areas like Promoting education, health care, sanitation, rural development activities.
P5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
Question E1
Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in the following 
format:
Category 2024-25 (Current Financial Year)  2023-24 (Previous Financial Year)
Total (A) No. of 
employees 
/ workers 
covered (B)
% (B/A) Total (C) No. of 
employees 
/ workers 
covered (D)
% (D/C)
Employees
Permanent 369 252 68.293 370 81 21.892
Non- Permanent 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total Employees 369 252 68.293 370 81 21.892
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 154 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
151
Annual Report 2024-25
Category 2024-25 (Current Financial Year)  2023-24 (Previous Financial Year)
Total (A) No. of 
employees 
/ workers 
covered (B)
% (B/A) Total (C) No. of 
employees 
/ workers 
covered (D)
% (D/C)
Workers
Permanent 208 208 100 220 0 0
Non-Permanent 1738 1738 100 1478 1478 100
Total Workers 1946 1946 100 1698 1478 87.044
Question E2
Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
Category  2024-25 (Current Financial Year) 2023-24 (Previous Financial Year)
Total 
(A)
Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum Wage
Total 
(D)
Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum Wage
No (B) % (B/A) No (C) % (C/A) No (E) % (E/D) No (F) % (F/D)
Employees
Permanent 369 0 0 369 100 370 0 0 370 100
Male 336 0 0 336 100 338 0 0 338 100
Female 33 0 0 33 100 32 0 0 32 100
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Other than Permanent 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Male 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Female 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Workers
Permanent 208 0 0 208 100 220 0 0 220 100
Male 168 0 0 168 100 176 0 0 176 100
Female 40 0 0 40 100 44 0 0 44 100
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Other than Permanent 1738 234 13.464 1504 86.536 1478 600 40.595 878 59.405
Male 1412 194 13.739 1218 86.261 1203 442 36.741 761 63.259
Female 326 40 12.27 286 87.73 275 158 57.455 117 42.545
Other 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 155 =====
152
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Question E3
Details of remuneration/salary/wages 
a.
 Median r
emuneration / wages:
Gender Male Female
Number Median 
remuneration/ 
salary/ wages 
of respective 
category
Number Median 
remuneration/ 
salary/ wages 
of respective 
category
Board of Directors (BoD) 4 22,55,000 2 17,62,500
Key Managerial Personnel 2 2,32,38,343 1 Nil
Employees other than BoD and KMP 381 6,30,849 21 4,33,486
Workers 175 9,32,864 43 4,96,164
b.
 Gr
oss wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
 2024-25  
(Current Financial Year)
 2023-24  
(Previous Financial Year)
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages 6.8 6
Question E4
Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or 
contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)
 
Y
es. The Business Head and the HR Head are authorized to handle/address human rights impacts or issues caused or 
contributed by the business.
We have constituted a Safety Committee, Ethics Committee, POSH Committee and Trade Union, through which we receive 
complaints/concerns and address them appropriately.
Question E5
Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
The Company is dedicated to upholding the utmost standards of ethical, moral, and legal conduct in all its business operations. 
Our goal is to cultivate a workplace environment that encourages the reporting of suspected misconduct and any violations of 
Company policies and relevant laws. The Whistleblower Policy ensures a fair and
impartial process, free from discrimination or harassment, for addressing grievances. Furthermore, the Company has 
implemented various policies including:
• 
 POS
H Policy
• 
 Cod
e of Conduct for Employees
• 
 Cod
e of Conduct for Suppliers
• 
 Nom
ination and Remuneration Policy
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 156 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
153
Annual Report 2024-25
Additionally as part of the Whistle-blower and grievance redressal policy, we have a “Write to Know” (without identity) in practice 
where employees drop their grievances and the same is addressed within a stipulated target time. Post which all the employees 
receive email communication on the details of the redressal that the management has come up with without revealing the 
identity of the whistleblower.
Employees can also reach out to any of the Safety Council members (In manufacturing facilities), Internal Committee or to the 
Code of Conduct (CoC) Committee. We also have an online portal where all the cases get registered, addressed, and reported 
to the CoC committee.
Question E6
Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
2024-25 (Current Financial Year)  2023-24 (Previous Financial Year)
Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of the 
year
Remarks Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of the 
year
Remarks
Sexual Harassment 2 0 Both the 
complaints 
were 
enquired and 
disposed
2 0 Both the
complaints
were 
enquired
and 
disposed
Discrimination at workplace 0 0 0 0
Child Labour 0 0 0 0
Forced Labour/Involuntary 
Labour
0 0 0 0
Wages 0 0 0 0
Other human rights related 
issues
0 0 0 0
Question E7
Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, 
in the following format:
 2024-25  
(Current Financial Year)
 2023-24  
(Previous Financial Year)
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women 
at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 
(POSH)
2 2
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers 0.50 0.63
Complaints on POSH upheld 2 2
Question E8
Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
INEL has defined internal processes to protect persons viz.,
a) 
 Repor
ts may be submitted anonymously through KPMG web portal www.in.kpmg.com/ethicshelpline/inel
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 157 =====
154
India Nippon Electricals Limited
b)   The  identity of the reporting person, if provided, is known only to the people in charge of the investigation. The identity of 
the reporting person is treated confidentially.
Our POSH policy also provides protection to the complainant to come out with proper facts and prohibits retaliation. During 
the enquiry process, we also inform the alleged person not to discuss about the complaint/complainant to any person, till the 
completion of the enquiry proceedings
Question E9
Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No) 
Yes
Question E10
Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or 
third parties)
Child labour 100
Forced/involuntary labour 100
Sexual harassment 100
Discrimination at workplace 100
Wages 100
Others – please specify 0
Question E11
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the 
assessments at Question 10 above.
No such incidents/observations/concerns were reported during any assessment on the above parameters.
Question L1
Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/complaints.
Does not arise.
Question L2
Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted.
Necessary due-diligence will be carried out in the coming years.
Question L3
Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons 
with Disabilities Act, 2016?
Yes. We have made one of our facilities in line with the expectations under the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act. We are
making an attempt to create such facilities in other units as well.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 158 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
155
Annual Report 2024-25
Question L4
Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were 
assessed
Sexual Harassment 100
Discrimination at workplace 100
Child Labour 100
Forced Labour/Involuntary labour 100
Wages 100
Others- please specify 0
Question L5
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the 
assessments at Question 4 above.
Currently, all corrective actions in this regard are met by the suppliers.
P6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
Question E1
Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format
Parameter  2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Unit of reporting
For renewable sources
Total electricity 
consumption (A)
14818 14183 Gigajoule
Total fuel consumption 
(B)
0 0
Energy consumption 
through other sources (C)
0 0
Total energy consumed 
from renewable sources 
(A+B+C)
14818 14183 Gigajoule
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity 
consumption (D)
21166 18925 Gigajoule
Total fuel consumption (E) 5871 4040 Gigajoule
Energy consumption 
through other sources (F)
0 0
Total energy consumed 
from nonrenewable 
sources (D+E+F)
27,037 22,965 Gigajoule
Total energy consumed 
(A+B+C+D+E+F)
41,855 37,148 Gigajoule
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 159 =====
156
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Parameter  2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Unit of reporting
Energy intensity per rupee 
of turnover (Total energy 
consumed / Revenue 
from operations)
5 5.13 KilojoulePer `
Energy intensity per rupee 
of turnover adjusted for 
Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP) (Total energy 
consumed / Revenue 
from operations adjusted 
for PPP)
- -
Energy intensity in terms 
of physical output
- -
Energy intensity (optional) 
– the relevant metric may 
be selected by the entity
- -
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency.
Yes/No
No
Question E2
Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve and 
Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been 
achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
No
None of the facilities of the Company are identified as ‘Designated Consumer’ under the PAT scheme.
Question E3
Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
Parameter 2024-25  
(Current Financial Year)
 2023-24  
(Previous Financial Year)
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
i)
 Sur
face water 0 0
ii)
 Gr
ound water 31,012 44,353
iii)
 Thi
rd party water 17,628 4,577
iv)
 Sea
water / desalinated water 0 0
v)
 Oth
ers 0 0
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 48,640 48,930
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 48,640 48,930
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Total water consumption / 
Revenue from operations)
- -
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 160 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
157
Annual Report 2024-25
Parameter 2024-25  
(Current Financial Year)
 2023-24  
(Previous Financial Year)
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power 
Parity (PPP) (Total water consumption / Revenue from operations 
adjusted for PPP)
- -
Water intensity in terms of physical output - -
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by 
the entity
- -
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency
No
Question E4
Provide the following details related to water discharged:
Parameter 2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Specify the level of treatment for 
"With treatment" discharge
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i)
 T
o Surface water 0 -
-
 No 
treatment 0 -
-
 With tr
eatment 0
(ii)
 T
o Groundwater 0 -
-
 No 
treatment 0 -
-
 With tr
eatment 0
(iii)
 T
o Seawater 0 -
-
 No 
treatment 0 -
-
 With tr
eatment 0
(iv)
 Sen
t to third-parties 0 -
-
 No 
treatment 0 -
-
 With tr
eatment 0
(v)
 Oth
ers 0 28627.27 -
-
 No 
treatment 0 -
-
 With tr
eatment 0 28627.27
Total water discharged  
(in kilolitres)
0 28,627.27 -
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency.
No
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 161 =====
158
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Question E5
Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and implementation.
Yes. All our plants comply with zero liquid discharge norms. We have installed STPs in all our facilities and an ETP facility at 
our Hosur factory. The total treated water is being consumed for gardening, landscape development, Eco Forest development 
and etc. 
Question E6
Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:
Whether air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity is applicable to the Company?
Yes / No
Parameter Please specify 
the unit
2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Nox Tonnes/Year 0.748 -
SOx
Particulate Matter Tonnes/Year 0.157 -
Persistent organic pollutants (POPs)
Volatile organic compounds (VOC)
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)
Others – please specify
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency
Yes
Ambient Air Quality monitoring is carried out by the following laboratories once in six months as stipulated by the State 
Pollution Control Boards and it is meeting the prescribed norms. Nawal Labs, Hosur, Chennai Mettex Lab, Puducherry, Universal 
Analytical Lab, Rewari. Quantitative data will be measured and presented in the subsequent report.
Question E7
Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the following format: 
Parameter Please specify 
the unit
 2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG 
into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if 
available)
tCO2e 912.52 560.72
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG 
into CO
2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if 
available)
tCO2e 3,893.01 3,764
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity 
per rupee of turnover (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG emissions / Revenue from operations)
tCO
2ePerINR 0.0000006 0.00077
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 162 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
159
Annual Report 2024-25
Parameter Please specify 
the unit
 2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity 
per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing 
Power Parity (PPP) (Total Scope 1 and Scope 
2 GHG emissions / Revenue from operations 
adjusted for PPP)
tCO
2ePerINR - -
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in 
terms of physical output
tCO
2ePerUnit - -
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity 
(optional) – the relevant metric may be selected 
by the entity
tCO
2ePerUnit - -
Note: The data for FY 2023-24 has been revised due to change in calculations.
No
Question E8
Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If Yes, then provide details. 
The following initiatives taken to reduce GHG Emission.
1. 
 
 Replacing 
OLD Air conditioners / Water Chillers with ECO friendly Gas system to reduce GHG Emission in Phase-by-Phase 
mode.
2. 
 W
e have introduced LED lighting systems for the entire factory and have Solar PV power plants at all our facilities. 
3.  
 W
e are also procuring renewable wind power through a Power Purchase Agreement leveraging the discom’s open access 
facility
4. 
 1- No Diese
l Vehicle replaced with CNG Hybrid version to reduce GHG Emission in Mobile combustion.
5. 
 Opt
imising chiller lines to reduce chiller usage.
6. 
  Ener
gy efficiency improving actions are taken to reduce the Energy consumption. It also reduces the GHG Emission 
indirectly.
Question E9
Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter  2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) 41.90 32.37
E-waste (B) 2.40 2.41
Bio-medical waste (C) 0.10 0.11
Construction and demolition waste (D) 0 0
Battery waste (E) 0 0.15
Radioactive waste (F) 0 0
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 163 =====
160
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Parameter  2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) 48.5 24.6
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. 
(Break-up by composition i.e. by materials relevant to the sector)
708.0 482.5
Total (A + B + C + D + E + F + G + H) 800.9 542.14
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated / 
Revenue from operations)
0.95 0.748
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing 
Power Parity (PPP) (Total waste generated / Revenue from 
operations adjusted for PPP)
Waste intensity in terms of physical output
Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by 
the entity
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations (in 
metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i)
 Recy
cled 749.9 515.05
(ii)
 Re-used 0 0
(iii)
 Oth
er recovery operations 4.5 27.09
Total 754.4 542.14
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i)
 Inci
neration 46.5 0
(ii)
 Lan
dfilling 0 0
(iii)
 Oth
er disposal operations 754.4 542.14
Total 800.9 542.14
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency
Yes. ISO 14001 & ISO 45001 Audit
Question E10
Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by your 
company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices adopted to 
manage such wastes.
Practices adopted for waste management:-
1.
  A
uthorized scrap dealers are identified by E-Auction & Contract is made with the dealer.
2.
  Pla
stic & other non-hazardous wastes are disposed through authorized recyclers.
3.
  E-waste & hazar
dous wastes are disposed through authorized vendors.
4.
  Pr
oper containers are used while handling waste.
5.
  Encouragin
g employees to participate in ‘Waste Reduction Kaizen’ programs & implement the same.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 164 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
161
Annual Report 2024-25
Strategy adopted to reduce use of hazardous & toxic chemicals:-
1.
  Installation
 of recovery machine for Solder Dross to reduce the disposal quantity
2.
  Int
roduction of welding in place of soldering.
3.
  Installation
 of part sensor detector in varnish and adhesive dispensing area.
4.
   Reduction 
in the consumption of adhesives by modifying the tube-type dispenser (Manual application) to Cartridge type 
(auto application)
Practices adopted to manage hazardous waste:-
1.
  Dedicated s
torage area for hazardous wastes
2.
  Regular dis
posal of hazardous waste through authorized recycler
Question E11
If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, biosphere 
reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental approvals / clearances 
are required, please specify details in the following format:
Sr. 
No.
Location of operations/
offices
Type of operations Whether the conditions of 
environmental approval 
/ clearance are being 
complied with? (Y/N)
If no, the reasons thereof 
and corrective action taken, 
if any
Not Applicable as the Company does not operate in ecologically sensitive areas
Question E12
Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current 
financial year:
Name and brief 
details of project
EIA Notification 
No.
Date Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Yes / No)
Results communicated 
in public domain  
(Yes / No)
Relevant Web link
NA
The necessity for EIAs did not arise during the reporting period.
Question E13
Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/guidelines in India: such as the Water (Prevention 
and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection act and rules thereunder 
(Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
Yes
Sr. 
No.
Specify the law / regulation 
/ guidelines which was not 
complied with
Provide details of the 
noncompliance
Any fines / penalties / 
action taken by regulatory 
agencies such as pollution 
control boards or by courts
Corrective action taken, if 
any
NIL
All the Manufacturing facilities are having valid consent to operate approval from the concerned authorities.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 165 =====
162
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Question L1
Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres): 
For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information: 
a.
 Nam
e of the area 
b.
 Nat
ure of operations
c.
 W
ater withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format:
Parameter FY 2024 
(Current 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2023 
(Previous 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2024 
(Current 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2023 
(Previous 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2024 
(Current 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2023 
(Previous 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2024 
(Current 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2023 
(Previous 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2024 
(Current 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2023 
(Previous 
Financial 
Year)
Name of the area NA NA NA NA NA
Nature of 
operations
NA NA NA NA  NA
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
i.
 
Surface 
Water
ii.
 Gr
ound water
iii.
 Thir
d Party 
Water
iv.
 Sea
water / 
desalinated 
water
v.
 
Others
Total volume of 
water withdrawal 
(in kilolitres)
Total volume of 
water consumption 
(in kilolitres)
Water intensity per 
rupee of turnover 
(Water consumed / 
turnover)
Water intensity 
(optional) – the 
relevant metric may 
be selected by the 
entity
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
i.
 Into
 Surface 
water
-
 No 
Treatment
-
 
With 
treatment 
– please 
specify level 
of treatment
i.
 
Into 
Groundwater
-
 No 
Treatment
-
 
With 
treatment 
– please 
specify level 
of treatment
iii.
 Into
 Seawater
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 166 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
163
Annual Report 2024-25
Parameter FY 2024 
(Current 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2023 
(Previous 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2024 
(Current 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2023 
(Previous 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2024 
(Current 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2023 
(Previous 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2024 
(Current 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2023 
(Previous 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2024 
(Current 
Financial 
Year)
FY 2023 
(Previous 
Financial 
Year)
-
 No 
Treatment
-
 
With 
treatment 
– please 
specify level 
of treatment
iv.
 Sen
t to third - 
parties
-
 No 
Treatment
-
 
With 
treatment 
– please 
specify level 
of treatment
v.
 
Others
-
 No 
Treatment
-
 
With 
treatment 
– please 
specify level 
of treatment
Total water 
discharged (in 
kilolitres)
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency.
Question L2
Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit  2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Total Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG 
into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if 
available)
tCO2e - -
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover tCO 2ePerINR
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (optional) – the 
relevant metric may be selected by the entity
tCO
2ePerUnit
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency.
No
We are in the process of collecting data on Scope -3 Emission. We will account for more resources in the upcoming years that 
contribute to Scope 3 emissions.
Question L3
With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide details 
of significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and remediation 
activities.
Not Applicable
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 167 =====
164
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Question L4
If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource efficiency, 
or reduce impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the same as well as 
outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:
Sr. 
No.
Location of 
operations/offices
Type of operations Whether the conditions of 
environmental approval 
/ clearance are being 
complied with? (Y/N)
If no, the reasons 
thereof and 
corrective action 
taken, if any
1 Installed Wet Scrubber 
System
In the FBC process, the EPOXY powder 
with 2- micron and above in size is 
filtered through a fine filter bag and then 
collected and reused.
Powder particles of less than 2-micron 
are collected through wet scrubber and 
disposed of as hazardous waste.
1.
  
 Achie
ved powder-free 
environment
2.
  Reduced ai
r pollution
3.
  
 Reduced r
esource by 
reusing filtered EPOXY 
powder
2 Lead free soldering 
wire 
We have introduced a Lead-Free 
Soldering Wire in our soldering process in 
more than 85% of the area.
Improve employee health 
and preserve environmental 
pollution
3 Electro static filter In-wave soldering (Surface Mounting 
Technology), we have introduced the 
Electro Static Filter.
This technology helps us 
to reduce fume with flex at 
95%
4 Fume killer We have started implementing Fume 
Killer in 8 soldering stations
95% of the fume is killed
5 Effluent treatment plant 
(ETP)
The polluted water is being treated and 
reused. 
Zero liquid discharge
6 Solar and LED lighting 
system, rain water 
harvesting
Lighting, established pond. Energy saving and water 
conservation
7 Biogas Plant 
Installation
We have started implementing Biogas 
plant for our inhouse kitchen 
Achieved a reduction of 3.5 
kg of LPG consumption 
per day through process 
optimization and energy-
efficient practices.
8 Employee commute - 
Vehicle system
Energy (Transportation): Shifted to BS6-
compliant buses and vans for employee 
commutes and implemented hybrid 
company cabs (Petrol + CNG)
Reduce fuel consumption 
and emissions.
Question L5
Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in100 words/ web link.
We have well documented on-site emergency plan, that covers
1)
  Em
ergency Response Team
2)
  Fir
e Fighting Team
3)
  First Aiders and Ambulance
 Services
4)
   An Emer
gency Mockdrill is conducted once in six months to make employees aware of what is to be done in an emergency 
situation, so that people, plants and machinery are protected.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 168 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
165
Annual Report 2024-25
Question L6
Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation or 
adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard.
There is no impact on environment for the parts procured from our supply chain.  
Question L7
Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for environmental 
impacts.
36 suppliers contribute to 80% of our purchase Value. We have assessed 36 suppliers, and 21 suppliers have obtained certificate.
Balance 15 suppliers have submitted plan for certification.
The Tentative plan is given below. We are pushing suppliers for early certification. 
1. 
 202
5 -2026 - 3 suppliers 
2. 
 202
6 -2027 - 7 Suppliers. 
3. 
 202
7 - 2028 - 5 suppliers 
Question L8
How many Green Credits have been generated or procured:
Sl. 
No
Categories  2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
a. By the listed entity 0 0
b. By the top ten value chain partners
1.
 V
alue chain partners by Purchases 0 0
2.
 V
alue chain partners by Sales 0 0
P7: Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible and 
transparent
Question E1 
Trade Affiliations a Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.
6
a.
  List
 the top 10 trade and industry chambers/associations (determined based on the total members of such body) the 
entity is a member of/ affiliated to.
S. 
No
Name of the trade and industry chambers/ associations Reach of trade and industry chambers/ 
associations (State/National/
International)
1 Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) National
2 Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) National
3 Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI) National
4 Automobile Components Manufacturers Association (ACMA) National
5 Industrial Waste Management Association National
6 National Safety Council (NSC) National
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 169 =====
166
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Question E2
Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anticompetitive conduct by the entity, based 
on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Name of Authority Brief of the case Corrective Action Taken
Nil Nil Nil
No such orders were received by the Company
Question L1
Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
S. 
No.
Public policy 
advocated
Method resorted for 
such advocacy
Whether information 
available in public 
domain? (Yes/No)
Frequency of Review 
by Board (Annually/ 
Half yearly/ Quarterly 
/ Others – please 
specify)
Web Link, if available
NIL
The Company directly or through trade bodies and other associations puts forth a number of suggestions with respect to the 
industry in general and its activities in particular.
P8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
Question E1
Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current 
financial year.
Name and brief 
details of project
SIA Notification 
No.
Date of 
notification
Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Yes / No)
Results communicated 
in public domain  
(Yes / No)
Relevant Web 
link
NIL
No project was undertaken which required Social Impact Assessment (SIA) as per the applicable laws
Question E2
Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement(R&R) is being undertaken by your 
entity, in the following format:
S. 
No.
Name of Project 
for which R&R is 
ongoing
State District No. of Project 
Affected Families 
(PAFs)
% of PAFs covered by 
R&R
Amounts paid 
to PAFs in the 
FY (In `)
NA
Question E3
Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
Some of our employees are living in and around our factories. They approach us for their larger community requirements.
Further, we interact with the local Panchayat President and address any of the community requirements under CSR initiatives.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 170 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
167
Annual Report 2024-25
Question E4
Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
Parameter  2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers 53 50
Directly from within India (Sourced directly from within the district 
and neighbouring districts)
85 84
Question E5
Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed on a 
permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost.
Location 2024-25 (Current 
Financial Year)
 2023-24 (Previous 
Financial Year)
1.
 Rur
al 32 35
2.
 Semi-urban 0 0
3.
 Urban 65 62
4.
 Metr
opolitan 3 3
Question L1
Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments 
(Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):
Details of negative social impact identified Corrective action taken
Not Applicable Not Applicable
Question L2
Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as identified 
by government bodies:
S. 
No.
State Aspirational District Amount spent (In `)
NIL
Question L3
Procurement Policy
a.
  Do y
ou have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising 
marginalized /vulnerable groups? (Yes/No/NA)
 
No
b.
 F
rom which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure?
 Not
 Applicable.
c.
 What per
centage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?
 Not
 Applicable
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 171 =====
168
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Question L4
Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the current 
financial year), based on traditional knowledge:
S. 
No
Intellectual Property based 
on traditional knowledge
Owned/ Acquired (Yes/No) Benefit shared (Yes / No) Basis of calculating benefit 
share
NA
Question L5
Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes wherein 
usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
Name of authority Brief of the Case Corrective action taken
NA
Question L6
Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
S. 
No.
CSR Project No. of persons benefitted from 
CSR Projects
% of beneficiaries from vulnerable 
and marginalized groups
1 Ambulance to Government Hospital, Thally, 
Hosur
420 Villages –189000 people 100%
2 Construction of a House for three Families of 
Irulas Community, Saranadapalli, Hosur. 
3 family out of 22 families 14%
3 Construction of Community Hall for ST 
Community in Sarandapalli Village.
22 families 100%
4 Construction of Dining Room for Govt 
Primary School, Madukarai.
700 students 100%
5 Smart Classroom at Government Hr. Sec 
School, Nettapakkam
120 students 100%
6 Renovation of Toilets in Govt Primary School, 
Sooramangalam
150 students 100%
7 Construction of Classrooms at Sr.Secondary 
School, Masani
50 students 20%
8 Construction of Mid-Day meal Dining Room 
at Govt Middle School, Masani.
200 students 100%
P9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
Question E1
Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
Customer complaints are received and responded through emails as applicable.
There is a key account manager assigned to each customer and they are responsible for tracking and resolving every complaint.
Question E2
Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about:
As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product NIL
Safe and responsible usage NIL
Recycling and/or safe disposal NIL
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 172 =====
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
169
Annual Report 2024-25
INEL manufactures products as per the specification of customers and are directly supplied to the OEMs. The Company 
has limited scope in providing information about environmental and social parameters relevant to the product, its safe and 
responsible usage, and recycling and/or safe disposal.
Question E3
Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
 2024-25 (Current Financial 
Year)
Remarks 2023-24 (Previous Financial 
Year)
Remarks
Received 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at 
end of year
Received 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at 
end of year
Data privacy 0 0 0 0
Advertising 0 0 0 0
Cyber-security 0 0 0 0
Delivery of essential services 0 0 0 0
Restrictive Trade Practices 0 0 0 0
Unfair Trade Practices 0 0 0 0
Other 0 0 0 0
Question E4
Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Type of recalls Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls No Recalls No Recalls
Forced Recalls No Recalls No Recalls
We have not had any instances of recall on account of product safety.
Question E5
Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available, provide 
a web-link of the policy.
Yes
As per ISO 27001: 2022 we are following all IS and cybersecurity policies.
Question E6
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential 
services: cyber security and data privacy of customers: re-occurrence of instances of product recalls: penalty / action taken 
by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
The Company hasn’t received any complaints calling for corrective actions.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 173 =====
170
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Question E7
Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a.
 Number of instances of dat
a breaches
 
 No 
data breaches.
b.
 P
ercentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers
 
NA
c.
 Imp
act, if any, of the data breaches
 
NA
Question L1
Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link, if 
available).
Information related to products and other services can be accessed from the following website: 
https://indianippon.com/
Question L2
Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
The Company’s products are designed and manufactured to customer specifications and supplied accordingly. Hence, the 
need for educating customers on safe and responsible usage of products does not arise.
Question L3
Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.
Since we are supplying to the OEMs directly, any risk of disruption or discontinuation of essential services to end consumer is 
taken care by OEMs
Question L4
Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? (Yes/No/Not 
Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief.  
Not Applicable
Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products / services of the 
entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)
Yes 
As part of our ongoing efforts to enhance customer experience, we regularly conduct customer satisfaction surveys across 
key locations and product categories. These surveys capture critical feedback on areas such as product quality, timely delivery, 
commercial dealings, product handling, people responsiveness, and communication effectiveness. The feedback received 
has consistently indicated a high level of customer satisfaction, validating our dedication to continuous improvement and 
stakeholder engagement.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (Contd.)
===== PAGE 174 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
171
Annual Report 2024-25
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To The Members of India Nippon Electricals Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
OPINION
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial 
statements of India Nippon Electricals Limited (the 
“Company”), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31
st 
March 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including 
Other Comprehensive Income), the Statement of Cash 
Flows and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year 
ended on that date, and notes to the financial statements, 
including a summary of material accounting policies and 
other explanatory information. 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone 
financial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the 
Act, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at 
31
st March  2025, and its profit, total comprehensive income, 
its cash flows and the changes in equity for the year ended 
on that date. 
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial 
statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
(“SA”s) specified under Section 143(10) of the Act. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further described 
in the Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Company in accordance with the Code 
of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements 
that are relevant to our audit of the standalone financial 
statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules 
made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence 
obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our audit opinion on the standalone financial statements. 
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
standalone financial statements of the current period. 
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the standalone financial statements as a whole, and 
in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the 
matters described below to be the key audit matters to be 
communicated in our report.
Sr. 
No.
Key Audit Matter Auditor’s Response
1 Fair valuation of Investments
The Company has certain investments in equity shares 
(unquoted equity instruments) with a carrying value as 
at 31
st March 2025 amounting to Rs. 22,468 lakhs. The 
Company has valued this investment at ‘Fair Value through 
Other Comprehensive Income’ in accordance with Indian 
Accounting Standard 109, Financial Instruments. 
The valuation of these investments is a focus area of our 
audit as it is highly dependent on estimates (including 
various assumptions and techniques used) which contain 
information that are not observable in the market. Given 
the inherent subjectivity in the valuation of the above 
investments, relative significance of these investments to 
the financial statements and the nature and extent of audit 
procedures involved, we determined this to be a key audit 
matter.
(Refer note 8 to the standalone financial statements) 
Principal audit procedures performed included the following:
•
 Und
erstanding and evaluation of the design and 
testing of the operating effectiveness of controls 
over determination of fair value of unquoted equity 
instruments. 
•
 Ass
ess the appropriateness of the Company’s 
accounting policy for accounting for such unquoted 
equity instruments and the method adopted to 
determine fair value of such instruments, with reference 
to the relevant accounting standards
•
 Ass
essing the basis and reasonableness of the input 
data considered by the Management for the purposes 
of the valuation as at the balance sheet date. 
•
 P
erform a look back analysis to ascertain whether 
the input data and assumptions considered by the 
Management in the past is within a reasonable range 
when compared to the actual results of such input 
data. 
===== PAGE 175 =====
172
India Nippon Electricals Limited
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
Sr. 
No.
Key Audit Matter Auditor’s Response
•
 E
valuation of competence, capabilities and objectivity 
of the Management personnel involved in carrying out 
such valuation. 
•
 Eng
aging our fair valuation expert to test the 
appropriateness of the Management’s underlying 
assumptions and appropriateness of the valuation 
method used by the Management.
•
 T
esting the mathematical accuracy of the fair value 
determined by the Company. 
•
 Ass
essing appropriateness and adequacy of relevant 
disclosures in the standalone financial statements. 
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
•
 The
 Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for 
the other information. The other information comprises 
the information included in the Annual report, but does 
not include the consolidated financial statements, 
standalone financial statements and our auditor’s 
report thereon.
•
 Our 
opinion on the standalone financial statements 
does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
•
 In 
connection with our audit of the standalone financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the 
other information is materially inconsistent with the 
standalone financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. 
•
 If, based 
on the work we have performed, we conclude 
that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND BOARD 
OF DIRECTORS FOR THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
  
The 
Company’s  Board of Directors is responsible for the 
matters stated in Section  134(5) of the  Act with  respect  
to  the  preparation  of  these financial statements that 
give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial 
performance including other comprehensive income, cash 
flows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including Ind AS specified under Section 133 of the Act. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of  adequate 
accounting records in accordance  with the provisions of 
the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for 
preventing and detecting frauds  and  other  irregularities;  
selection  and  application  of  appropriate accounting  
policies;  making  judgments  and  estimates  that  are  
reasonable  and prudent; and design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the 
preparation and presentation of the financial statements 
that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, management and 
Board of Directors are responsible for assessing the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, 
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using 
the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of 
Directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The Company’s Board of Directors is also responsible for 
overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process. 
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE AUDIT OF THE 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the standalone financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
===== PAGE 176 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
173
Annual Report 2024-25
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone 
financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
•
 Iden
tify and assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the standalone financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or 
the override of internal control.
•
 Obt
ain an understanding of internal financial controls 
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under 
Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible 
for expressing our opinion on whether the Company 
has adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to standalone financial statements in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls. 
•
 E
valuate the appropriateness of accounting policies 
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by the management.
•
 Con
clude on the appropriateness of management’s use 
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions 
that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude 
that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to 
draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related 
disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if 
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. 
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, 
future events or conditions may cause the Company to 
cease to continue as a going concern.
•
  E valuate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the standalone financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the standalone financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the 
standalone financial statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of 
a reasonably knowledgeable user of the standalone financial 
statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative 
materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of 
our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and 
(ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in 
the standalone financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal financial controls that 
we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of 
most significance in the audit of the standalone financial 
statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, 
we determine that a matter should not be communicated 
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing 
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public 
interest benefits of such communication.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
1.
 As 
required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our 
audit we report that:
a)
 W
e have sought and obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our 
knowledge and belief were necessary for the 
purposes of our audit. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
===== PAGE 177 =====
174
India Nippon Electricals Limited
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as 
it appears from our examination of those books 
except for not complying with the requirement of 
audit trail as stated in (i)(vi) below.
c)
 The
 Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, 
the Statement of Cash Flows and Statement of 
Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in 
agreement with the relevant books of account. 
d)
 In 
our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial 
statements comply with the Ind AS specified 
under Section 133 of the Act.
e)
 On the 
basis of the written representations 
received from the directors as on 31st  March 2025 
taken on record by the Board of Directors, none 
of the directors is disqualified as on 31
st March, 
2025 from being appointed as a director in terms 
of Section 164(2) of the Act.
f)
 The
 modifications relating to the maintenance of 
accounts and other matters connected therewith, 
are as stated in paragraph (b) above.
g)
 With r
espect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements of the Company and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to 
our separate Report in “Annexure A”. Our report 
expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy 
and operating effectiveness of the Company’s 
internal financial controls with reference to 
standalone financial statements. 
h)
 With 
respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the 
requirements of Section 197(16) of the Act, as 
amended, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations 
given to us, the remuneration paid by the Company 
to its directors during the year is in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 197 of the Act.
i)
 With 
respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of 
our information and according to the explanations 
given to us: 
i.
 The
 Company has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations on its financial position 
in its standalone financial statements - 
Refer note 43 to the standalone financial 
statements; 
ii.
 The
 Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts for 
which there were any material foreseeable 
losses.
iii.
 The
re has been no delay in transferring 
amounts, required to be transferred, to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund by 
the Company. 
iv.
 (a)
 The 
Management has represented 
that, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, as disclosed in the note 47 to the 
financial statements no funds   have 
been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the Company to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities  (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 (b)
 The 
Management has represented, 
that, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, as disclosed in the note 47 to the 
financial statements, no funds   have 
been received by the Company from 
any person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities  (“Funding Parties”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company 
shall, directly or indirectly, lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
===== PAGE 178 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
175
Annual Report 2024-25
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 (c)
 Based
 on the audit procedures 
performed that have been considered 
reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances, nothing has come to our 
notice that has caused us to believe that 
the representations under sub-clause (i) 
and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under 
(a) and (b) above, contain any material 
misstatement.
v.
 The
 interim dividend declared and paid by the 
Company during the year and until the date 
of this report is in accordance with section 
123 of the Companies Act 2013.
vi.
 Based 
on our examination, which included 
test checks, the Company has used 
accounting software’s for maintaining its 
books of account for the financial year 
ended 31
st March 2025, which has a feature 
of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and 
the same has operated throughout the year 
for all relevant transactions recorded in the 
software’s except that
In respect of one accounting software used for 
maintaining payroll records, the audit trail feature 
was not enabled at the database level to log any 
direct data changes and accordingly we are unable 
to comment whether there were any instances of 
the audit trail feature being tampered with.
Further, during the course of our audit, we did not 
come across any instance of the audit trail feature 
being tampered with, in respect of accounting 
software for the period for which the audit trail 
feature was enabled and operating.
Additionally, the audit trail that was enabled and 
operated for the year ended 31
st March 2024, 
has been preserved by the Company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention, as 
stated in Note 48 to the standalone financial 
statements.
2.
 As 
required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government 
in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in 
“Annexure B” a statement on the matters specified in 
paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) 
R. Prasanna Venkatesh
Partner
Place: Chennai Membership No.214045   
Date: 30
th May 2025 UDIN: 25214045BMNWHZ9306 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
===== PAGE 179 =====
176
India Nippon Electricals Limited
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 1(g) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report 
of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to 
standalone financial statements under Clause (i) of Sub-
section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the 
“Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls with 
reference to standalone financial statements of India Nippon 
Electricals Limited (the “Company”) as at 31
st March 2025 in 
conjunction with our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial 
statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
MANAGEMENT’S AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ 
RESPONSIBILITIES FOR INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The Company’s management and Board of Directors are 
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone financial statements 
based on the internal control with reference to standalone 
financial statements criteria established by the Company 
considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities 
include the design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of 
its business, including adherence to the company’s policies, 
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection 
of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable 
financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 
2013.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements of the Company based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards on 
Auditing prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies 
Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone financial 
statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to standalone financial statements was established and 
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all 
material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone financial statements 
and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone financial 
statements included obtaining an understanding of internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone financial 
statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed 
risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s 
judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with 
reference to standalone financial statements.
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH 
REFERENCE TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
A company’s internal financial control with reference to 
financial statements is a process designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of standalone financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s 
internal financial control with reference to standalone financial 
statements  includes those policies and procedures that (1) 
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide 
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as 
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorisations of 
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide 
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of 
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on 
the financial statements.
===== PAGE 180 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
177
Annual Report 2024-25
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO STANDALONE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone financial statements, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper management 
override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference 
to standalone financial statements to future periods are 
subject to the risk that the internal financial control with 
reference to standalone financial statements may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the 
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
OPINION
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us with reference to financial 
statements, the Company has, in all material respects, 
an adequate internal financial controls with reference to 
standalone financial statements  and such internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone financial statements  
were operating effectively as at 31
st March 2025, based 
on the “criteria for internal financial control with reference 
to standalone financial statements  established by the 
Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India”.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) 
R. Prasanna Venkatesh
Partner
Place: Chennai Membership No.214045   
Date: 30
th May 2025 UDIN: 25214045BMNWHZ9306 
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
===== PAGE 181 =====
178
India Nippon Electricals Limited
ANNEXURE “B” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of 
even date) 
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us 
and given by the Company and the books of account and 
records examined by us in the normal course of audit and to 
the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
(i) 
 (a)
 i)  The 
Company has maintained proper 
records showing full particulars, including 
quantitative details and situation of Property, 
Plant and Equipment, capital work-in-
progress and relevant details of right-of-use 
assets.
 
 ii)  The 
Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars of intangible assets.
(b)
 The
 Property, Plant and Equipment, capital work-in-
progress and right-of-use assets were physically 
verified during the year by the Management which, 
in our opinion, provides for physical verification at 
reasonable intervals. No material discrepancies 
were noticed on such verification.
(c)
 Based 
on our examination of the registered 
transfer deed provided to us, we report that, the 
title deeds of all the immovable properties, (other 
than immovable properties where the Company 
is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly 
executed in favour of the Company) disclosed 
in the standalone financial statements included 
in Property, Plant and Equipment are held in the 
name of the Company as at the balance sheet 
date.
(d)
 The
 Company has not revalued any of its Property, 
Plant and Equipment including Right of Use assets 
and intangible assets during the year.
(e)
 No 
proceedings have been initiated during the 
year or are pending against the Company as at 
31
st March 2025 for holding any benami property 
under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) 
Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) and rules made 
thereunder.
(ii)
 (a)
 The 
inventories except for goods-in-transit and 
stocks held with third parties were physically 
verified during the year by the Management at 
reasonable intervals. In our opinion and according 
to information and explanations given to us, the 
coverage and procedure of such verification by 
the Management is appropriate having regard 
to the size of the Company and nature of its 
operations.  For stocks held with third parties at 
the year-end, written confirmations have been 
obtained and in respect of goods-in-transit, the 
goods have been received subsequent to the 
year-end or confirmations have been obtained 
from the parties. No discrepancies of 10% or more 
in the aggregate for each class of inventories 
were noticed on such physical verification of 
inventories/alternative procedures performed as 
applicable, when compared with books of account.
 (b)
 Accor
ding to the information and explanations 
given to us, at any point of time of the year, the 
Company has not been sanctioned any working 
capital facility from banks or financial institutions, 
and hence, reporting under clause 3(ii)(b) of the 
Order is not applicable.
(iii) 
 (a)
  The 
Company has provided advances in the nature 
of loans during the year and details of which are 
given below:
Particulars Amount in 
Rs. lakh
Aggregate amount granted during 
the year
-
 Oth
ers (Employees)            199
Balance outstanding as at balance 
sheet date in respect of above 
cases:
-
 Oth
ers (Employees)            117
The Company has disclosed the above loan 
amounts in note 9 of the Standalone Financial 
Statements.
The Company has not made any investments or 
provided any guarantee or security to Companies 
any other parties during the year.
(b)  
 The
 terms and conditions of the grant of all the 
above-mentioned advances in the nature of loans, 
during the year are, in our opinion, prima facie, not 
prejudicial to the Company’s interest.
(c)  
 In r
espect of loans granted or advances in the 
nature of loans provided by the Company, the 
schedule of repayment of principal has been 
stipulated and the repayments of principal 
amounts are regular as per stipulation.
===== PAGE 182 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
179
Annual Report 2024-25
(d)  Accor ding to information and explanations 
given to us and based on the audit procedures 
performed, in respect of advances in the nature 
of loans provided by the Company, there is no 
overdue amount remaining outstanding as at the 
balance sheet date.
(e) 
 No adv
ance in the nature of loan granted by the 
Company which has fallen due during the year, has 
been renewed or extended or fresh loans granted 
to settle the overdue of existing loans given to the 
same parties.
(f) 
 Accor
ding to information and explanations 
given to us and based on the audit procedures 
performed, the Company has not granted any 
loans or advances in the nature of loans either 
repayable on demand or without specifying any 
terms or period of repayment during the year. 
Hence, reporting under clause 3(iii)(f) is not 
applicable.
(iv) 
 Accor
ding to information and explanation given to 
us, the Company has not granted any loans, made 
investments or provided guarantees or securities that 
are covered under the provisions of sections 185 or 186 
of the Companies Act, 2013, and hence, reporting under 
clause 3(iv) of the Order is not applicable.
(v) 
 The
 Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts 
which are deemed to be deposits. Hence, reporting 
under clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable.
(vi) 
  The  maintenance of cost records has been specified 
by the Central Government under section 148(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, in respect of specified products 
of the company. We have broadly reviewed the books 
of account maintained by the Company pursuant to 
the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, 
as amended, prescribed by the Central Government 
for maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) 
of the Companies Act, 2013, and are of the opinion 
that, prima facie, the prescribed cost records have 
been made and maintained by the Company. We have, 
however, not made a detailed examination of the cost 
records with a view to determine whether they are 
accurate or complete.
(vii) 
 Accor
ding to the information and explanations given to 
us, in respect of statutory dues: 
(a)
 Und
isputed statutory dues, including Goods and 
Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State 
Insurance, Income-tax, duty of Custom, cess and 
other material statutory dues applicable to the 
Company have been regularly deposited by it with 
the appropriate authorities in all cases during the 
year.
 The
re were no undisputed amounts payable in 
respect of Provident Fund, Employees’ State 
Insurance, Income-tax, Goods and Services Tax, 
Customs Duty, cess and other material statutory 
dues in arrears as at 31
st March 2025 for a period 
of more than six months from the date they 
became payable. 
 (b)
  Details
 of statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on 31 st March 2025 
on account of disputes are given below:
Name of Statute Forum where Dispute Period to which the 
Amount Relates
Amount Unpaid  
(Rs.) in lakhs
Service tax under Finance 
Act,1994
Customs, Excise and Service Tax 
Appellate Tribunal (CESTAT)
2012-2015 and 
2015-2016
3
Central Goods and Services Tax 
Act,2017
Commissioner of Goods & 
Services Tax & Central Excise 
(Appeals)
2018-19        130
Income Tax Act 1961 Commissioner of Income Tax 
(Appeals)
2009-10 & 2010-11        601
Income Tax Act 1961 Commissioner of Income Tax 
(Appeals)
2022-23        433
ANNEXURE “B” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
===== PAGE 183 =====
180
India Nippon Electricals Limited
(viii) The re were no transactions relating to previously 
unrecorded income that were surrendered or disclosed 
as income in the tax assessments under the Income 
Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) during the year.
(ix)
 On the r
eporting requirements of Clause (ix):
a)
 The
 Company has not taken any loans or other 
borrowings from any lender. Hence, reporting 
under clause 3(ix)(a) of the Order is not applicable 
to the Company.
b)
 The
 Company has not been declared wilful 
defaulter by any bank or financial institution or 
government or any government authority.
c)
 The
 Company has not taken any term loan during 
the year and there are no unutilised term loans 
at the beginning of the year, and hence, reporting 
under clause 3(ix)(c) and (d) of the Order is not 
applicable.
(e)
 The
 Company has not made any investment in or 
given any new or advances to its subsidiary during 
the year, and hence, reporting under clause (ix)(e) 
of the Order is not applicable. 
(f)
 The
 Company has not raised any loans during the 
year, and hence, reporting on clause 3(ix)(f) of the 
Order is not applicable.
(x)
 (a)
 The 
Company has not issued any of its securities 
(including debt instruments) during the year, and 
hence, reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order 
is not applicable. 
 (b)
 During
 the year the Company has not made any 
preferential allotment or private placement of 
shares or convertible debentures (fully or partly or 
optionally), and hence, reporting under clause 3(x)
(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xi)
 (a)
 T
o the best of our knowledge, no fraud by the 
Company and no material fraud on the Company 
has been noticed or reported during the year.
 (b)
 T
o the best of our knowledge, no report under sub-
section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act 
has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under 
rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014 with the Central Government, during the year 
and up to the date of this report.
 (c)  As represented to us by the Management, there 
were no whistle blower complaints received by the 
Company during the year.
(xii)
 The
 Company is not a Nidhi Company, and hence, 
reporting under clause 3(xii) (a), (b) and (c) of the Order 
is not applicable. 
(xiii)
 In 
our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company is in compliance 
with Section 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
where applicable, for all transactions with the related 
parties and the details of related party transactions 
have been disclosed in the financial statements etc., as 
required by the applicable accounting standards.
(xiv)
 (a)
 In 
our opinion the Company has an adequate 
internal audit system commensurate with the size 
and the nature of its business.
 (b)
 W
e have considered, the internal audit reports 
issued to the Company during the year and 
covering the period up to December 2024 and the 
draft of the internal audit reports where issued 
after the balance sheet date covering the period 
1
st January 2025 to 31st March 2025 for the period 
under audit
(xv)
 In our opin
ion during the year the Company has 
not entered into any non-cash transactions with its 
directors or persons connected with its directors, and 
hence, provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 
2013 are not applicable to the Company. 
(xvi)
 (a)
 The 
Company is not required to be registered 
under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India 
Act, 1934. Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), 
(b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
 (b)
 The 
Group does not have any CIC as part of the 
group and, accordingly, reporting under clause 
3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable. 
(xvii)
 The
 Company has not incurred cash losses during the 
financial year covered by our audit and the immediately 
preceding financial year.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors 
of the Company during the year.
(xix)
 On 
the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected 
dates of realization of financial assets and payment of 
financial liabilities, other information accompanying 
ANNEXURE “B” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
===== PAGE 184 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
181
Annual Report 2024-25
the financial statements and our knowledge of the 
Board of Directors and Management plans and based 
on our examination of the evidence supporting the 
assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which 
causes us to believe that any material uncertainty 
exists as on the date of the audit report indicating that 
Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing 
at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due 
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. 
We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to 
the future viability of the Company. We further state 
that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date 
of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee 
nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a 
period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get 
discharged by the Company as and when they fall due. 
(xx)
  The  Company has fully spent the required amount 
towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and 
there are no unspent CSR amount for the year requiring 
a transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to the 
Companies Act or special account in compliance with 
the provision of sub-section (6) of section 135 of the 
said Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx) (a) & 
(b) of the Order is not applicable for the year.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) 
R. Prasanna Venkatesh
Partner
Place: Chennai Membership No.214045   
Date: 30
th May 2025 UDIN: 25214045BMNWHZ9306 
ANNEXURE “B” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
===== PAGE 185 =====
182
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Standalone Balance Sheet
as at 31st March, 2025
Particulars Note No. As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 4  14,372  13,117 
Right-of-use assets 7  997  1,088 
Capital work-in-progress 5  366  1,274 
Intangible assets 6A  78  113 
Intangible assets under development 6B  19  32 
Financial Assets
(i)
 
Investments 8  32,814  25,489 
(ii)
 
Loans 9  117  112 
(iii)
 Oth
ers financial assets 10  1,416  96 
Other non-current assets 11  52  -    
Total non-current assets  50,231  41,321 
Current assets
Inventories 12  7,221  6,917 
Financial Assets
(i)
 
Investments 8  14,838  18,108 
(ii)
 T
rade receivables 13  16,965  14,175 
(iii)
 Cash and cas
h equivalents 14  1,562  825 
(iv)
 Ban
k balances other than (iii) above 14  364  656 
(v)
 Oth
ers financial assets 15  842  66 
Current tax assets, net 16  781  527 
Other current assets 17  1,050  1,109 
Total current asset  43,623  42,383 
Total assets  93,854  83,704 
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Equity share capital 18  1,131  1,131 
Other equity 19  69,957  61,195 
Equity - Total  71,088  62,326 
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Financial Liabilities
(i)
 Lea
se Liabilities 20  128  212 
Provisions 21  386  363 
Deferred tax liabilities, net 22  3,912  3,769 
Total non-current liabilities  4,426  4,344 
Current Liabilities
Financial Liabilities
(i)
 Lea
se Liabilities 20  84  82 
(ii)
 T
rade payables 23
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises  5,211  4,333 
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 8,806  8,700 
(iii)
 Oth
ers financial liabilities 24  2,842  2,549 
Other current liabilities 26  1,221  1,172 
Provisions 25  176  198 
Total current liabilities  18,340  17,034 
Total equity and liabilities  93,854  83,704 
Notes 1 to 53 form an integral part of these standalone financial statements
In terms of our report attached
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Chartered Accountants India Nippon Electricals Limited
Firm's Registration No. 117366W/W-100018 CIN:  L31901TN1984PLC011021
R. Prasanna Venkatesh T K Balaji                              Arvind Balaji
Partner Chairman                            Managing Director
Membership No. 214045 DIN:00002010 DIN:00557711
Elango Srinivasan S Logitha
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: Chennai Place: Chennai
Date: 30th May, 2025 Date: 30th May, 2025
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 186 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
183
Annual Report 2024-25
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss 
for the year ended 31st March, 2025
Particulars Note 
No.
Year ended  
31st March, 2025 
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Revenue from operations 27  84,483  72,408 
Other income 28  2,979  2,479 
Total income  87,462  74,887 
Expenses:
Cost of material consumed 29  54,869  47,550 
Purchase of stock in trade 30  2,928  2,438 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock 
in trade 31  (428)  (35)
Other operating expenses 32  3,546  2,900 
Employee benefits expenses 33  9,853  8,797 
Finance costs 34  39  39 
Depreciation and amortisation expenses 35  2,056  1,509 
Other expenses 36  4,331  4,111 
Total expenses  77,194  67,309 
Profit Before Tax (I - IV)  10,268  7,578 
Profit before tax  10,268  7,578 
Tax expenses
Current tax
(1)
 Current year 38  1,989  1,642 
(2) Deferred tax 22  76  6 
Total tax expenses  2,065  1,648 
Profit for the year  8,203  5,930 
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 37  3,454  3,458 
-
 Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  (67)  (778)
Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  3,387  2,680 
Total comprehensive income for the year  11,590  8,610 
Earnings per equity share 42
Basic  36.26  26.20 
Diluted  36.26  26.20 
Nominal value of equity shares (in rupees)  5.00  5.00 
Notes 1 to 53 form an integral part of these standalone financial statements
In terms of our report attached
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Chartered Accountants India Nippon Electricals Limited
Firm's Registration No. 117366W/W-100018 CIN:  L31901TN1984PLC011021
R. Prasanna Venkatesh T K Balaji                              Arvind Balaji
Partner Chairman                            Managing Director
Membership No. 214045 DIN:00002010 DIN:00557711
Elango Srinivasan S Logitha
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: Chennai Place: Chennai
Date: 30th May, 2025 Date: 30th May, 2025
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 187 =====
184
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2025 
 Year ended  
31st March, 2024 
Cash flows from Operating Activities:
Net Profit after tax  8,203  5,930 
Adjustments for  
- Income tax expenses  2,065  1,648 
- Depreciation and amortization expenses  2,056  1,509 
- Dividend income from investments  (435)  (194)
- Interest Income  (286)  (171)
- (Gain)/Loss on fair valuation of investments  (860)  (1,334)
- Gain on sale of investments(net)  (1,276)  (551)
- Provision no longer required written back  (7)  -    
- Property, plant and equipment written off  7  -    
- Interest expenses  39  39 
- Unrealised forex gain, net  (44)  (145)
Operating Profit before Working Capital changes  9,462  6,731 
- Decrease / (increase) in loans  (5)  6 
- Decrease / (increase) in other non-current financial assets  (20)  (17)
- Decrease / (increase) in trade receivables  (2,936)  (2,083)
- Decrease / (increase) in Inventories  (304)  (1,311)
- Decrease / (Increase) in other financial assets  (576)  67 
- Decrease / (Increase) in other current assets  59  (341)
- Increase / (Decrease) in trade payables  1,160  3,349 
- Increase / (Decrease) in other financial liabilities  293  2,283 
- Increase / (Decrease) in other current liabilities  49  (996)
- Increase / (Decrease) in non-current provisions  23  42 
- Increase / (Decrease) in current provisions  (22)  113 
Cash generated from operations  7,183  7,843 
Income taxes paid, net  (2,243)  (1,565)
Net cash generated from operating activities: (A)  4,940  6,278 
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchase of property, plant and equipment (including CWIP and adjustment of 
capital advance)  (2,325)  (2,399)
Acquisition of investments  (72,466)  (70,763)
Proceeds from sale of investments  73,817  68,517 
Proceeds from venture capital fund  243  -    
Interest received  276  236 
Dividend received  435  194 
(Increase)/decrease in deposits with NBFC  (1,300)  -    
(Increase)/decrease in deposits with bank with maturity more than 12 months  (200)  -    
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 188 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
185
Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2025 
 Year ended  
31st March, 2024 
(Increase)/decrease in other bank balances  292  340 
Net cash used in investing activities (B)  (1,228)  (3,875)
Cash flows from Financing Activities:
Payment of lease liabilities  (108)  (103)
Interest expenses  (39)  (39)
Dividend paid  (2,828)  (2,318)
Net Cash used in Financing Activities (C)  (2,975)  (2,460)
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  737  (57)
Add : Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  825  882 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  1,562  825 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise of:
Balance with banks in current accounts  1,562  825 
Cash and cash equivalents as per note 14  1,562  825 
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
Notes 1 to 53 form an integral part of these standalone financial statements
In terms of our report attached
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Chartered Accountants India Nippon Electricals Limited
Firm's Registration No. 117366W/W-100018 CIN:  L31901TN1984PLC011021
R. Prasanna Venkatesh T K Balaji                              Arvind Balaji
Partner Chairman                            Managing Director
Membership No. 214045 DIN:00002010 DIN:00557711
Elango Srinivasan S Logitha
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: Chennai Place: Chennai
Date: 30th May, 2025 Date: 30th May, 2025
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 189 =====
186
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Equity Share Capital
Particulars  No.of.Shares  Amount 
Balances as at 31st March, 2024  2,26,21,424  1,131 
Balances as at 31st March, 2025  2,26,21,424  1,131 
Particulars Balance at the beginning 
of the current reporting 
period 
 Changes in equity share 
capital during the year  
Balance at the end of the 
current reporting period 
As at 31st March, 2024  1,131  -     1,131 
As at 31st March, 2025  1,131  -     1,131 
Other Equity
 Particulars  Reserves and surplus  Other items 
of other 
comprehensive 
income 
 Total other equity 
attributable to 
equity share 
holder 
 Capital 
redemption 
reserve 
 Retained 
earnings 
 General 
reserve 
Balance as at 1st April, 2023  40  22,127  23,909  8,827  54,903 
Profits for the year (a)  -     5,930  -     -     5,930 
Other comprehensive income (b)  -     -     -     2,680  2,680 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
(a +b)  -     5,930  -     2,680  8,610 
Dividend paid  -     (2,318)  -     -     (2,318)
Balance as of 1st April, 2024  40  25,739  23,909  11,507  61,195 
Profits for the year (a)  -     8,203  -     -     8,203 
Other comprehensive income (b)  -     -     -     3,387  3,387 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
(a +b)  -     8,203  -     3,387  11,590 
Dividend paid  -     (2,828)  -     -     (2,828)
Balance as of 31
st March, 2025  40  31,114  23,909  14,894  69,957 
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
Notes 1 to 53 form an integral part of these standalone financial statements
In terms of our report attached
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Chartered Accountants India Nippon Electricals Limited
Firm's Registration No. 117366W/W-100018 CIN:  L31901TN1984PLC011021
R. Prasanna Venkatesh T K Balaji                              Arvind Balaji
Partner Chairman                            Managing Director
Membership No. 214045 DIN:00002010 DIN:00557711
Elango Srinivasan S Logitha
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: Chennai Place: Chennai
Date: 30th May, 2025 Date: 30th May, 2025
===== PAGE 190 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
187
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025
1 General information
India Nippon Electricals Ltd. (“the Company”) is a 
public limited Company incorporated and domiciled 
in India under the provisions of Companies Act and 
has its registered office at No.11 & 13, Patullos Road, 
Chennai-600 002, Tamilnadu, India. The Company is 
a leading manufacturer of Ignition Systems for auto 
industry with special focus on two-wheeler industry. 
In addition to the support from the collaborators, the 
Company has a  developed Research & Development 
centre recognised by DSIR, Govt of India.  The Company 
has three manufacturing facilities and Technical Centre 
in India and supplies to domestic as well as overseas 
markets. The Company has became subsidiary of 
Lucas Indian Service Limited with effect from 30 March 
2022. The shares of the Company are listed on the BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. 
2 Summary of material accounting policies
2.1
 Basis of pr
eparation of financial statements
The standalone financial statements of the Company 
have been prepared and presented in accordance 
with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as per 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015 and Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) 
Amendment Rules, 2016 as notified under section 133 
of Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and other relevant 
provisions of the Act. These financial statements 
have been prepared on a historical cost convention on 
accrual basis, except for certain financial assets and 
financial liabilities (including derivative instruments), 
which are measured at fair value.
Accounting policies have been consistently applied 
except where a newly issued accounting standard is 
initially adopted or a revision to an existing accounting 
standard requires a change in the accounting policy 
hitherto in use.
Certain comparative figures have been reclassified, 
wherever necessary, to conform to the presentation 
adopted in the financial statements. These 
reclassifications were not significant and have no 
impact on the total assets, total liabilities, total equity 
and profit of the Company.
 
The 
Company presents assets and liabilities in 
the balance sheet based on current / non-current 
classification. The operating cycle is the time between 
the acquisition of assets for processing and their 
realization in cash and cash equivalents. The Company 
has identified twelve months as its operating cycle. 
Cash or cash equivalent is treated as current, unless 
restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a 
liability for at least twelve months after the reporting 
period. In respect of other assets, it is treated as current 
when it is:
 i)
  expect
ed to be realized or intended to be sold or 
consumed in the normal operating cycle
 ii) 
 held pr
imarily for the purpose of trading
 iii)  
 expect
ed to be realized within twelve months after 
the reporting period.
 A liability is tr
eated as current when:
 i)
  it is expected 
to be settled in the normal operating 
cycle 
 ii) 
 it is held primarily for the purpose of trading
 iii)  
 it is due 
to be settled within twelve months after 
the reporting period, or
 iv)  
 ther
e is no unconditional right to defer the 
settlement of the liability for at least twelve 
months after the reporting period.
 
 All 
other assets and liabilities are classified as non-
current. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified 
as non-current assets and liabilities.
 
 The
 financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees 
which is also the Company’s functional currency. All 
amounts have been rounded off to the nearest Lakhs, 
except share data and as otherwise stated.
2.2
  Critical accounting 
estimates, assumptions and 
judgements
 
 The
 preparation of financial statements requires 
management to make certain estimates and 
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in 
the financial statements and notes thereto. The 
management believes that these estimates and 
assumptions are reasonable and prudent. However, 
actual results could differ from these estimates. 
Any revision to accounting estimates is recognised 
prospectively in the current and future period.
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 191 =====
188
India Nippon Electricals Limited
 i)   Estimation of fair value of unlisted securities - The 
fair value of  unlisted securities  is determined 
using the valuation techniques. The Company 
uses its judgement to select the methods and 
make assumptions at end of each reporting 
period. The inputs to these models are taken from 
observable markets where possible, but where this 
is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required 
in establishing fair values. Judgements include 
considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, 
credit risk and volatility. Changes in assumptions 
about these factors could affect the reported fair 
value of financial instruments.
 
ii)
  Define
d benefit obligation - The cost of the defined 
benefit plans and the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation are based on actuarial valuation 
using the projected unit credit method. An actuarial 
valuation involves making various assumptions 
that may differ from actual developments in the 
future. These include the determination of the 
discount rate, future salary increases, etc. Due to 
the complexities involved in the valuation and its 
long term nature, a defined benefit obligation is 
highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. 
All assumptions are reviewed at each Balance 
Sheet date.
 
iii)
  
Impairment testing   - Property, plant and 
equipment and Intangible assets are tested for 
impairment when events occur or changes in 
circumstances indicate that the recoverable 
amount of the cash generating unit is less than its 
carrying value. The recoverable amount of cash 
generating units is higher of value-in-use and fair 
value less cost to sell. The calculation involves use 
of significant estimates and assumptions which 
includes turnover and earnings multiples, growth 
rates and net margins used to calculate projected 
future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rate, 
future economic and market conditions.
 
iv)
  Estimation 
and evaluation of provisions and 
contingencies relating to tax litigation  - Provision 
for tax liabilities require judgements on the 
interpretation of tax legislation, developments in 
case law and the potential outcomes of tax audits 
and appeals which may be subject to significant 
uncertainty. Therefore the actual results may vary 
from expectations resulting in adjustments to 
provisions, the valuation of deferred tax assets, 
cash tax settlements and therefore the tax charge 
in the statement of profit or loss.
 v)
  Estimation W
arranty claims -  Provision is made 
for estimated warranty claims in respect of 
product sold which are still under warranty at 
the end of the reporting period. The claims are 
expected to be settled in the next financial year. 
The Company estimates the provision based on 
historical warranty claim information and any 
recent trends that may suggest future claims 
could differ from the historical amounts.
 
vi)
  Useful liv
es of property, plant and equipment(‘PPE’) 
and intangible assets: The Company reviews 
the useful life of property, plant and equipment 
& intangible assets at the end of each reporting 
period. This reassessment may result in change in 
depreciation expense in future periods.
 vii)
  Def
erred income tax assets and liabilities: As Ind 
AS 12 considers deferred tax from the perspective 
of temporary differences between the carrying 
amount and tax base of assets and liabilities, the 
standard can be said to focus on the statement of 
financial position.
2.3
 Re
venue Recognition
 
 T
o determine whether to recognise revenue from 
contracts with customers, the Company follows a 
5-step process
 -
 Identif
ying the contract with customer
 -
 Identif
ying the performance obligations
 -
 Determ
ining the transaction price
 -
  Allocat
ing the transaction price to the performance 
obligations
 -
  Recog
nising revenue when/as performance 
obligation(s) are satisfied
 
 Re
venue from contracts with customers for products 
sold and service provided is recognised when control 
of promised products or services are transferred to the 
customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to 
which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange 
for those goods or services. Revenue is measured based 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 192 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
189
Annual Report 2024-25
on the consideration to which the Company expects to 
be entitled in a contract with a customer and excludes 
Goods and services taxes and is net of  rebates and 
discounts. No element of financing is deemed present 
as the sales are made with a credit term of 60-90 days, 
which is consistent with market practice. A receivable 
is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is 
the point in time that the consideration is unconditional 
because only the passage of time is required before the 
payment is due. 
 i) 
 Sale o
f product
 
  Re
venue is recognized upon transfer of control 
of promised products or services to customers 
in an amount that reflects the consideration we 
expect to receive in exchange for those products 
or services. Revenue is reduced for estimated 
customer returns, rebates and other similar 
allowances.
 
  The 
Company accounts for volume discounts and 
pricing incentives to customers as a reduction of 
revenue based on the relatable allocation of the 
discounts/ incentives to each of the underlying 
performance obligation that corresponds to 
the progress by the customer towards earning 
the discount/ incentive. Also, when the level of 
discount varies with increases in levels of revenue 
transactions, the Company recognizes the liability 
based on its estimate of the customer’s future 
purchases. If it is probable that the criteria for the 
discount will not be met, or if the amount thereof 
cannot be estimated reliably, then discount is not 
recognized until the payment is probable and the 
amount can be estimated reliably. The Company 
recognizes changes in the estimated amount of 
obligations for discounts in the period in which the 
change occurs.
 ii)
 Inter
est income
 
  Genera
lly, interest income from debt instruments 
is recognised using the effective interest rate 
method. The effective interest rate is the rate that 
exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts 
through the expected life of  the financial asset 
to the gross carrying value of a financial asset.  
While calculating the effective interest rate, the 
Company estimates the expected cash flows 
by considering all the contractual terms of the 
financial instrument (for example, prepayment, 
extension, call and similar options), but does not 
consider the expected credit losses.
 iii)
 Dividends
 
  Dividen
ds are recognised in profit or loss only 
when the right to receive payment is established, it 
is probable that the economic benefits associated 
with the dividend will flow to the Company, and the 
amount of dividend can be reliably measured.
 iv)
 Expor
t benefits
 
  Expor
t incentives are recognised as income as per 
the terms of the scheme in respect of the exports 
made and included as part of other operating 
income.
2.4
 Pr
operty, plant and equipment
 i)
 Plant a
nd equipment
 
  Cost includes 
purchase price, taxes and duties, 
labour cost and directly attributable overheads 
incurred up to the date the asset is ready for its 
intended use. However, cost excludes Goods and 
service taxes, to the extent credit of the duty or 
tax is availed of. Subsequent costs are included 
in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as 
a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is 
probable that future economic benefits associated 
with the item will flow to the Company and the 
cost of the item can be measured reliably.
 
  The 
carrying amount of any component 
accounted for as separate asset is derecognized 
when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance 
are charged to Profit or Loss during the reporting 
period in which they are incurred.
 
  Gains and 
losses on disposals are determined by 
comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These 
are included in profit or loss within other gains/
(losses).
 
  Adv
ances paid towards the acquisition of property, 
plant and equipment outstanding at each balance 
sheet date is classified as capital advances under 
other non-current assets and the cost of assets 
not put to use before such date are disclosed 
under ‘Capital work-in-progress’. Subsequent 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 193 =====
190
India Nippon Electricals Limited
expenditures relating to property, plant and 
equipment is capitalised only when it is probable 
that future economic benefits associated with 
these will flow to the Company and the cost of the 
item can be measured reliably.
 ii)
 Depr
eciation
 
  Depr
eciation on Property, plant & equipment 
(other than land) is charged over the estimated 
useful life of the asset or part of the asset (after 
considering double/triple shift) as evaluated 
by the Management, on straight line method, 
in accordance with Part A of Schedule II to the 
Companies Act 2013.
Category Range of useful life      
(in years)
Building 3-60
Furniture and Fixtures 5-10
Office Equipment 3-10
Plant and Equipment 5-15
Vehicles 5-8
Tools and dies are depreciated based on quantity 
of components manufactured and the life of tools 
and dies, subject to a maximum of  two to three 
years. 
On tangible fixed assets added / disposed of 
during the year, depreciation is charged on pro-
rata basis from the date of addition or till the date 
of disposal.
The estimated useful lives, residual values 
and depreciation method are reviewed at the 
end of each reporting period, with the effect of 
any changes in estimate accounted for on a 
prospective basis.
2.5
 Inta
ngible assets
Intangible assets include cost of acquired software, 
license and technical know how. Intangible assets are 
initially measured at acquisition cost including any 
directly attributable costs of preparing the asset for its 
intended use. Expenditure on projects which are not yet 
ready for intended use are carried as intangible assets 
under development. Intangible assets with finite lives 
are amortized over their estimated useful economic 
life and assessed for impairment  whenever there is an 
indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.
Intangible assets are amortized on the following basis:
a) 
 Sof
twares - Over a period of five years
b) 
 SAP
 - Over a period of ten years
c) 
 Lice
nses - Over a period of two to five years
d) 
 T
echnical Knowhow - Over a period of five years
Useful lives are reviewed at every balance sheet date 
and revisited to a lower life when warranted.
2.6
 Imp
airment of assets
Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject 
to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment. 
Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed 
for impairment whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that  the carrying amount may 
not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised 
for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount 
exceeds its recoverable amount.
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less 
costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value 
in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted 
to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate 
that reflects current market  assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the asset for 
which the estimates of future cash flows have not been 
adjusted. 
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-
generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying 
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-
generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. 
An impairment loss is  recognized immediately in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the 
carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating 
unit)  is increased to the revised estimate of its 
recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying 
amount does  not exceed the carrying amount that 
would have been determined had no impairment loss 
been recognized for the asset (or cash-generating 
unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss 
is recognized immediately in Statement of Profit and 
Loss.
2.7
 F
oreign currency transaction
On initial recognition, all foreign currency transactions 
are recorded at exchange rates prevailing on the date 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 194 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
191
Annual Report 2024-25
of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities, 
denominated in a foreign currency, are translated at the 
exchange rate prevailing on the Balance Sheet date and 
the resultant exchange gains or losses are recognised 
in the Statement of Profit and Loss. A monetary item 
for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to 
occur in the foreseeable future is considered as a part 
of the entity’s net investment in that foreign operation
2.8
 
Inventories
 i)
 Raw materials
Raw materials ar
e valued at lower of cost and net 
realisable value. However, materials and other 
items held for use in the production of inventories 
are not written down below cost if the finished 
products in which they will be incorporated are 
expected to be sold at or above cost. Cost is 
determined at weighted average cost.
 ii)
 W
ork in progress and finished goods
Work in progress and finished goods are valued 
at lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost 
includes the combined cost of material, labour 
and a proportion of manufacturing overheads 
based on normal operating capacity. Costs are 
assigned to individual items of inventory on the 
basis of weighted average costs. 
 iii)
 Stor
es and spares
Stores and spares consists of primary packing 
materials, engineering spares and consumables , 
which are used in operating machines or consumed 
as indirect materials in the manufacturing process, 
has been valued using weighted average cost 
method. The cost comprises of costs of purchase, 
duties and taxes (other than those subsequently 
recoverable),conversion cost and other costs 
incurred in bringing the inventories to their present 
location and condition, as applicable on or after 
deducting rebates and discounts, if any. Net 
realisable value is the estimated selling price in the 
ordinary course of business less estimated cost to 
completion and applicable selling expenses.
2.9
 Emplo
yee benefits:
 i)
 Shor
t term obligations:
Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-
monetary benefits that are expected to be settled  
wholly within 12 months after the end of the 
period in which the employees render the related 
service are recognized in respect of employees’ 
services upto the end of the reporting period and 
are measured at the amounts expected to be paid 
when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are 
presented as current employee benefit obligations 
in the balance sheet.
 ii)
 Other 
long term employee benefits:
The liabilities for earned leave are not expected to 
be settled wholly within 12 months after the end 
of the period in which the employees render the 
related service. They are therefore measured as 
the present value of the expected future payments 
to be made in respect of services provided by 
employee upto the end of reporting period using 
the projected unit credit method. The benefits are 
discounted using the market yields at the end of the 
reporting period that have terms approximating to 
the terms of the related obligation.
Remeasurements as a result of experience 
adjustments and changes in actuarial 
assumptions are recognised in profit or loss. The 
obligations are presented as current liabilities in 
the balance sheet if the entity does not have an 
when the actual settlement is expected to occur.
 iii)
 P
ost-employment obligation:
 
 a)
 Defined contribution plan
 
 Con
tribution to Provident Fund in India are in 
the nature of defined contribution plan and 
are made to a recognised fund. Contribution 
to Superannuation Fund is in the nature of 
defined contribution plan and is remitted 
to insurance Company in accordance with 
the scheme framed by the Corporation. 
The Company has no legal or constructive 
obligations to pay contributions in addition to 
its fixed contributions, which are recognised 
as an expense in the period that related 
employee  services are received.
 
  i)
 Pr
ovident fund
 
  The 
eligible employees of the Company 
are entitled to receive benefits under 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 195 =====
192
India Nippon Electricals Limited
provident fund schemes defined 
contribution plans, in which both 
employees and the Company make 
monthly contributions at a specified 
percentage of the employees’ salary. 
The contributions are paid to the 
Government administered provident 
fund scheme.
 
  ii)
 Superannuat
ion fund
   Contrib
ution made towards 
Superannuation Fund (funded by 
payments to an insurance Company) 
which is a defined contribution plan, is 
charged as expenses on accrual basis. 
There are no obligations other than the 
contribution made to respective fund.
 
 b) 
 Defined Benefit plan
 
  i)
 Gratuity
 
  The 
liability recognised in the statement 
of financial position for defined benefit 
plans is the present value of the 
defined benefit obligation (DBO) at the 
reporting date less the fair value of plan 
assets. The Company estimates the 
DBO annually with the assistance of 
independent actuaries. This is based 
on standard rates of inflation, salary 
growth rate and mortality. Discount 
factors are determined close to each 
year-end by reference to government 
securities that are denominated in the 
currency in which the benefits will be 
paid and that have terms to maturity 
approximating the terms of the related 
gratuity liability.
 
  Ser
vice cost on the Company’s 
defined benefit plan is included in 
employee benefits expense. Employee 
contributions, all of which are 
independent of the number of years of 
service, are treated as a reduction of 
service cost. Actuarial gains and losses 
resulting from measurements of the net 
defined benefit liability are included in 
other comprehensive income.
 ii)   The Company also extends 
defined benefit plans in the form 
of compensated absences to 
employees. Provision for compensated 
absences is made on actuarial  
valuation basis.
2.10
  Inc
ome tax 
Tax expense comprises of current and deferred taxes. 
The income tax expense or credit for the period is the 
tax payable on the current period’s taxable income 
based on the applicable income tax rate for each 
jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets 
and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and 
to unused tax losses.
 i)
 Curr
ent income tax
 
 The
 current income tax charge is calculated on 
the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively 
enacted at the end of the reporting period.   
Management periodically evaluates positions 
taken in tax returns with respect to situations 
in which applicable tax regulation is subject to 
interpretation. It establishes provisions where 
appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to 
be paid to the tax authorities.
 ii)
 Def
erred income tax
 
 Def
erred income tax is recognized using the 
balance sheet approach. Deferred income tax is 
determined using tax rates (and laws) that have 
been enacted or substantially enacted by the 
end of the reporting period and are expected to 
apply when the related deferred income tax asset 
is realised or the deferred income tax liability is 
settled. Deferred tax is provided in full, using the 
liability method, on temporary differences arising 
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and 
their carrying amounts in the financial statements, 
except when the deferred income tax arises from 
the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or 
liability in a transaction that is not a business 
combination and affects neither accounting nor 
taxable profits or loss at the time of the transaction.
 
 Def
erred income tax assets are recognized to 
the extent it is probable that taxable profit will be 
available against which the deductible temporary 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 196 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
193
Annual Report 2024-25
differences and the carry forward of unused tax 
credits and unused tax losses can be utilized.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when 
there is a legally enforceable right to offset current 
tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred 
tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. 
Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset 
where there is a legally enforceable right to offset.
Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or 
loss, except to the extent that it relates to items 
recognised in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity.  In this case, the tax is also 
recognised in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity, respectively.
 
2.11
 Pr
ovisions and contingent liabilities:
 i)
 Pr
ovisions:
A provision is recorded when the Company has a 
present legal or constructive obligation as a result 
of past events, it is probable that an outflow of 
resources will be required to settle the obligation 
and the amount can be reasonably estimated. 
The estimated liability for product warranties 
is recorded when products are sold based on 
technical evaluation.
Provisions are measured at the present value of 
management’s best estimate of the expenditure 
required to settle the present obligation at the end 
of the reporting period. The discount rate used to 
determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the liability. 
The increase in the provision due to the passage 
of time is recognised as finance cost.
 
 ii)
 Contin
gent liabilities:
Wherever there is a possible obligation that 
arises from past events and whose existence 
will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more uncertain future events 
not wholly within the control of the entity or a 
present obligation that arises from past events 
but is not recognised because (a) it is not probable 
that an outflow of resources embodying economic 
benefits will be required to settle the obligation; 
or (b) the amount of the obligation cannot be 
measured with sufficient reliability. The Company 
does not recognise a contingent liability but 
discloses its existence in Financial Statements.
2.12
 Cash and C
ash equivalents:
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand 
and demand deposits, together with other short-term, 
highly liquid investments maturing within 3 months 
from the date of acquisition that are readily convertible 
into known amounts of cash and which are subject to 
an insignificant risk of changes in value.
2.13
 Cash flow statement
Cash flows ar
e reported using the indirect method, 
whereby profit / (loss) before exceptional items and tax 
is adjusted for the effects of transactions of non-cash 
nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future 
receipts or payments. In the cash flow statement, cash 
and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, cheques 
on hand, balances with banks in current accounts and 
other shortterm highly liquid investments with original 
maturities of 3 months or less, as applicable.
2.14
 Earnings pe
r share
Basic earnings per equity share is calculated by dividing 
the total profit for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders (after deducting attributable taxes) by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
during the period. The weighted average number of 
equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted 
for events including a bonus issue, bonus element in 
a rights issue to existing shareholders, share split and 
reverse share split (consolidation of shares). In this 
scenario, the number of equity shares outstanding 
increases without an increase in resources due to 
which the number of equity shares outstanding before 
the event is adjusted for the proportionate change in 
the number of equity shares outstanding as if the event 
had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period 
reported.
2.15
 Leases:
The 
Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist of 
leases for land and buildings. The Company assesses 
whether a contract contains a lease, at inception of 
a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 197 =====
194
India Nippon Electricals Limited
contract conveys the right to control the use of an 
identified asset for  a period of time  in exchange for 
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an identified asset, the 
Company assesses whether: (i) the contract involves 
the use of an identified asset (ii) the Company has 
substantially all of the economic benefits from use of 
the asset through the period of the lease and (iii) the 
Company has the right to direct the use of the asset. 
At the date of commencement of the lease, the 
Company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and a 
corresponding lease liability for all lease arrangements 
in which it is a lessee, except for leases with a term 
of twelve months or less (short-term leases) and 
low value leases. For these short-term and low value 
leases, the Company recognizes the lease payments as 
an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the 
term of the lease. 
Certain lease arrangements  includes  the options to 
extend or terminate the lease before the end of the 
lease term. ROU assets and lease liabilities includes 
these options when it is reasonably certain that they 
will be exercised. 
The right-of-use assets are initially recognized at cost, 
which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability 
adjusted for any lease payments made at or prior to the 
commencement date of the lease plus any initial direct 
costs less any lease incentives. They are subsequently 
measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses. 
Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the 
commencement date on a straight-line basis over 
the shorter of the lease term and useful life of the 
underlying asset. Right of use assets are evaluated 
for recoverability whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts 
may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment 
testing, the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of the 
fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is 
determined on an individual asset basis unless the 
asset does not generate cash flows that are largely 
independent of those from other assets. In such cases, 
the recoverable amount is determined for the Cash 
Generating Unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs. 
The lease liability is initially measured at amortized 
cost at the present value of the future lease payments. 
The lease payments are discounted using the interest 
rate implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable, 
using the incremental borrowing rates in the country 
of domicile of these leases. Lease liabilities are re-
measured with a corresponding adjustment to the 
related right of use asset if the Company changes its 
assessment if whether it will exercise an extension or a 
termination option. 
Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments 
have been classified as financing cash flows. 
 A
mendment to Ind AS 116 – Leases:
On 9 th September, 2024, the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs notified the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Second Amendment Rules, 2024. The 
amendments to Ind AS 116 clarifies the requirements 
that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease 
liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction, 
to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any 
amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of 
use it retains. The amendment is intended to improve 
the requirements for sale and leaseback transactions 
in Ind AS 116 and will not change the accounting for 
leases unrelated to sale and leaseback transactions. 
These amendments are effective for annual reporting 
periods beginning on or after 1
st April, 2024, and are 
to be applied retrospectively, with earlier application 
permitted. The adoption of these amendments to Ind 
AS 116 did not have any impact on the Standalone 
Financial Statements of the Company.
 
2.16
 Fin
ancial instruments
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to 
a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability 
or equity instrument of another entity. Financial assets 
other than equity instruments are classified into 
categories: financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss and at amortised cost. Financial assets that are 
equity instruments are classified as fair value through 
profit or loss or fair value through other comprehensive 
income. Financial liabilities are classified into financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or amortised 
cost. Financial instruments are recognised on the 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 198 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
195
Annual Report 2024-25
balance sheet when the Company becomes a party to 
the contractual provisions of the instrument.
At Initial recognition, the Company measures a 
financial asset at its fair value plus (in the case of a 
financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss) 
transaction cost that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of 
financial assets carried at fair value through profit or 
loss are expensed in profit or loss. Purchases or sales 
of financial assets that require delivery of assets within 
a time frame established by regulation or convention in 
the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on 
the trade date, i.e., the date that the Company commits 
to purchase or sell the asset. 
 
 i)
   Classification 
and subsequent measurement of 
financial assets
For the purpose of subsequent measurement 
financial assets are classified and measured 
based on the entity’s business model for managing 
the financial asset and the contractual cash flow 
characteristics of the financial asset at:
 
 a) 
 Amor
tised cost
b)  
 F
air value through other comprehensive 
income (FVOCI) or
c) 
 F
air value through profit and loss (FVTPL)”
All financial assets are reviewed for impairment 
at least at each reporting date to identify whether 
there is any objective evidence that a financial 
asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. 
Different criteria to determine impairment are 
applied for each category of financial assets, 
which are described below.
 
 a)
 Financial asset at amor
tised cost
 
 Ass
ets that are held for collection of 
contractual cash flows where those cash 
flows represent solely payments of principal 
and interest are measured at amortised cost. 
These assets are measured subsequently at 
amortised cost using the effective interest 
method. The loss allowance at each reporting 
period is evaluated based on the expected 
credit losses for next 12 months and credit 
risk exposure. The Company shall also 
measure the loss allowance for a financial 
instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime 
expected credit losses if the credit risk on 
that financial instrument has increased 
significantly since initial recognition. 
 
 b)
  Financial 
asset at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (FVOCI)
 
 Ass
ets that are held within a business 
model where the objective is both collecting 
contractual cash flows and selling financial 
assets along with the contractual terms 
giving rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and 
interest  in the principal amount outstanding. 
At initial recognition, the Company, based 
on its assessment, makes an irrevocable 
election to present in other comprehensive 
income the changes in the fair value of an 
investment in an equity instrument that is 
not held for trading. These selections are 
made on an instrument-by-instrument 
(i.e., share-by-share) basis. If the Company 
decides to classify an equity instrument as 
at FVOCI, then all fair value changes on the 
instrument, excluding dividends, impairment 
gains or losses and foreign exchange 
gains and losses, are recognised in other 
comprehensive income. There is no recycling 
of the amounts from OCI to profit or loss, 
even on sale of investment. The dividends 
from such instruments are recognised in 
statement of profit and loss.
 
 The
 fair value of financial assets in this 
category are determined by reference 
to active market transactions or using a 
valuation technique where no active market 
exists.
 
 The
 loss allowance at each reporting period 
is evaluated based on the expected credit 
losses for next 12 months and credit risk 
exposure. The Company shall also measure 
the loss allowance for a financial instrument 
at an amount equal to the lifetime expected 
credit losses if the credit risk on that financial 
instrument has increased significantly since 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 199 =====
196
India Nippon Electricals Limited
initial recognition. The loss allowance shall be 
recognised in other comprehensive income 
and shall not reduce the carrying amount of 
the financial asset in the balance sheet.
 
 c)
  Financial 
asset at fair value through profit 
and loss (FVTPL)
 
 Fina
ncial assets at FVTPL include financial 
assets that are designated at FVTPL upon 
initial recognition and financial assets that 
are not measured at amortised cost or at fair 
value through other comprehensive income. 
All derivative financial instruments fall into 
this category, except for those designated 
and effective as hedging instruments, for 
which the hedge accounting requirements 
apply. Assets in this category are measured 
at fair value with gains or losses recognised 
in profit or loss. The fair value of financial 
assets in this category are determined by 
reference to active market transactions or 
using a valuation technique where no active 
market exists.
 
 The
 loss allowance at each reporting period 
is evaluated based on the expected credit 
losses for next 12 months and credit risk 
exposure. The Company shall also measure 
the loss allowance for a financial instrument 
at an amount equal to the lifetime expected 
credit losses if the credit risk on that financial 
instrument has increased significantly since 
initial recognition. The loss allowance shall 
be recognised in profit and loss.
 
 d)
 De-r
ecognition of financial assets
 
 A 
financial asset (or, where applicable, a part 
of a financial asset or part of a group of similar 
financial assets) is primarily derecognized 
(i.e. removed from the Company’s standalone 
balance sheet) when:
 a.  
 The 
rights to receive cash flows from 
the asset have expired, or 
 b.  
 The 
Company has transferred its rights 
to receive cash flows from the asset 
or has assumed an obligation to pay 
the received cash flows in full without 
material delay to a third party under 
a ‘pass-through’ arrangement; and 
either (i) the Company has transferred 
substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, or (ii) the Company has neither 
transferred nor retained substantially all 
the risks and rewards of the asset, but 
has transferred control of the asset.
 
  When 
the Company has transferred its 
rights to receive cash flows from an 
asset or has entered into a passthrough 
arrangement, it evaluates if and to 
what extent it has retained the risks 
and rewards of ownership. When it 
has neither transferred nor retained 
substantially all of the risks and rewards 
of the asset, nor transferred control of 
the asset, the Company continues to 
recognise the transferred asset to the 
extent of the Company’s continuing 
involvement. In that case, the Company 
also recognizes an associated liability. 
The transferred asset and the associated 
liability are measured on a basis that 
reflects the rights and obligations that 
the Company has retained.
 
  Contin
uing involvement that takes the 
form of a guarantee over the transferred 
asset is measured at the lower of 
the original carrying amount of the 
asset and the maximum amount of 
consideration that the Company could 
be required to repay
 ii)
 Financ
ial liabilities
 
 a)
 Initial r
ecognition and measurement
 
 Fina
ncial liabilities are classified, at initial 
recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, 
payables, or as derivatives designated as 
hedging instruments in an effective hedge, 
as appropriate. All financial liabilities are 
recognised initially at fair value and, in the 
case of loans and borrowings and payables, 
net of directly attributable transaction costs.
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 200 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
197
Annual Report 2024-25
  The  Company’s financial liabilities include 
trade and other payables
 
 b)
 Subsequent measur
ement
 
 The
 measurement of financial liabilities 
depends on their classification, as described 
below:
 
   Financial 
liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss
 
 Fina
ncial liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss include financial liabilities held for 
trading and financial liabilities designated 
upon initial recognition at fair value through 
profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified 
as held for trading if they are incurred for 
the purpose of repurchasing in the near 
term. This category also includes derivative 
financial instruments entered into by the 
Company that are not designated as hedging 
instruments in hedge relationships as 
defined by Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments
 
 Gains or losses on 
liabilities held for trading 
are recognised in the profit or loss.
 
 Fina
ncial liabilities designated upon initial 
recognition at fair value through profit or 
loss are designated as such at the initial 
date of recognition, and only if the criteria 
in Ind AS 109 are satisfied. For liabilities 
designated as FVTPL, fair value gains/ losses 
attributable to changes in own credit risk are 
recognized in OCI. These gains/ loss are not 
subsequently transferred to P&L. However, 
the Company may transfer the cumulative 
gain or loss within equity. All other changes 
in fair value of such liability are recognised in 
the statement of profit or loss. The Company 
has not designated any financial liability as at 
fair value through profit and loss.
 
  De-r
ecognition of financial liabilities
 
 A 
financial liability is derecognised when the 
obligation under the liability is discharged 
or cancelled or expires. When an existing 
financial liability is replaced by another from 
the same lender on substantially different 
terms, or the terms of an existing liability are 
substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as the derecognition 
of the original liability and the recognition of a 
new liability. The difference in the respective 
carrying amounts is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
   
Equity instruments
 
 Or
dinary shares are classified as equity. 
Incremental costs directly attributable to the 
issuance of new ordinary shares and share 
options and buyback of ordinary shares are 
recognised as a deduction from equity, net of 
any tax effects.
 
  Offsetting of financial instruments
 
 Fina
ncial assets and financial liabilities 
are offset and the net amount is reported 
in the balance sheet if there is a currently 
enforceable legal right to offset the 
recognised amounts and there is an intention 
to settle on a net basis, to realise the assets 
and settle the liabilities simultaneously
 
  F
air value of financial instruments
 
 In 
determining the fair value of its financial 
instruments, the Company uses a variety of 
methods and assumptions that are based 
on market conditions and risks existing at 
each reporting date. The methods used to 
determine fair value include discounted cash 
flow analysis, available quoted market prices, 
and dealer quotes. All methods of assessing 
fair value result in general approximation of 
value, and such value may never actually be 
realized. For financial assets and liabilities 
maturing within one year from the Balance 
sheet date and which are not carried at fair 
value, the carrying amounts approximate 
fair value due to the short maturity of these 
instruments
 
 c)
 F
air value measurement
 
 F
air value is the price that would be received 
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability 
in an orderly transaction between market 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 201 =====
198
India Nippon Electricals Limited
participants at the measurement date. The 
fair value measurement is based on the 
presumption that the transaction to sell the 
asset or transfer the liability takes place 
either:
 - 
  In 
the principal market for the asset or 
liability, or
 - 
  In 
the absence of a principal market, in 
the most advantageous market for the 
asset or liability
 
 The
 principal or the most advantageous 
market must be accessible by the Company.
 
 The
 fair value of an asset or a liability is 
measured using the assumptions that 
market participants would use when pricing 
the asset or liability, assuming that market 
participants act in their economic best 
interest.
 
 A 
fair value measurement of a non-
financial asset takes into account a market 
participant’s ability to generate economic 
benefits by using the asset in its highest and 
best use or by selling it to another market 
participant that would use the asset in its 
highest and best use.
 
 The
 Company uses valuation techniques 
that are appropriate in the circumstances 
and for which sufficient data are available 
to measure fair value, maximizing the use of 
relevant observable inputs and minimizing 
the use of unobservable inputs.
 
 All 
assets and liabilities for which fair value 
is measured or disclosed in the financial 
statements are categorised within the fair 
value hierarchy, described as follows, based 
on the lowest level input that is significant to 
the fair value measurement as a whole:
 
 Le
vell 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities
 
 Le
vell 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities
 
 Le
vel 3 - Inputs for the assets and liabilities 
that are not based on observable market 
data (unobservable inputs)
  d)  Impairment of financial assets
 
 In 
accordance with Ind AS 109 Financial 
Instruments, the Company applies expected 
credit loss (ECL) model and specific 
identification method based on the credit 
risk for measurement and recognition of 
impairment loss for financial assets.
 
 The
 Company tracks credit risk and changes 
thereon for each customer. For recognition 
of impairment loss on other financial assets 
and risk exposure, the Company determines 
that whether there has been a significant 
increase in the credit risk since initial 
recognition. If credit risk has not increased 
significantly, 12-month ECL is used to 
provide for impairment loss, except for trade 
receivables.
 
 ECL is the 
difference between all contractual 
cash flows that are due to the Company in 
accordance with the contract and all the 
cash flows that the entity expects to receive 
(i.e., all cash shortfalls), discounted at the 
original EIR. When estimating the cash flows, 
an entity is required to consider
 -
  All 
contractual terms of the financial 
instrument over the expected life of 
the financial instrument. However, in 
rare cases when the expected life of 
the financial instrument cannot be 
estimated reliably, then the entity uses 
the remaining contractual term of the 
financial instrument.
 -
  Cash 
flows from the sale of collateral 
held or other credit enhancements that 
are integral to the contractual terms.
 
 The
 Company uses default rate for credit risk 
to determine impairment loss allowance on 
portfolio of its trade receivables
   
Trade receivables
 
 The
 Company applies approach permitted 
by Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments, 
which requires expected lifetime losses to 
be recognised from initial recognition of 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 202 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
199
Annual Report 2024-25
receivables. Default is considered to exist 
when the counter party fails to make the 
contractual payment within 90 days of 
when they fall due. A trade receivable is 
considered to be credit impaired when the 
management considers the amount to be 
non recoverable.
 
   Other financial assets
 
 F
or recognition of impairment loss on other 
financial assets and risk exposure, the 
Company determines whether there has 
been a significant increase in the credit risk 
since initial recognition and if credit risk has 
increased significantly, impairment loss is 
provided.
 
 The
 amount of expected credit losses 
(or reversal) that is required to adjust the 
loss allowance at the reporting date to the 
amount that is required to be recognized is 
recognized as an impairment gain or loss in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 
 e)
 Impairment of non-financial assets
 
 F
or impairment assessment purposes, 
assets are grouped at the lowest levels for 
which there are largely independent cash 
inflows (cash-generating units). As a result, 
some assets are tested individually for 
impairment and some are tested at cash-
generating unit level.
 
 An impairment 
loss is recognised for the 
amount by which the asset’s (or cash-
generating unit’s) carrying amount exceeds 
its recoverable amount, which is the higher 
of fair value less costs of disposal and 
value in-use. To determine the value-in-use, 
management estimates expected future 
cash flows from each cash generating unit 
and determines a suitable discount rate in 
order to calculate the present value of those 
cash flows. The data used for impairment 
testing procedures are directly linked to the 
Company’s latest approved budget, adjusted 
as necessary to exclude the effects of future 
reorganisations and asset enhancements. 
Discount factors are determined individually 
for each cashgenerating unit and reflect 
current market assessments of the time 
value of money and asset specific risk 
factors.
 
 All 
assets are subsequently reassessed 
for indications that an impairment loss 
previously recognised may no longer exist. 
An impairment loss is reversed if the asset’s 
or cashgenerating unit’s recoverable amount 
exceeds its carrying amount.
2.17
 Go
vernment grants
Government grants are not recognised until there is 
reasonable assurance that the Company will comply 
with the conditions attaching to them and that the 
grants will be received.
3 Segment information
Operating segments are reported in a manner 
consistent with the internal reporting provided to the 
Chief operating decision maker. The Managing Director 
of the Company has been identified as being the chief 
operating decision maker.
In accordance with Ind AS 108, Operating Segments, 
the Company has identified manufacture and sale of 
Ignition Systems for auto industry with special focus 
on two-wheeler and support with the collaborators, the 
Company has a  developed research and development 
centre recognised by DSIR, Government of India. As per 
Ind AS 108 Operating Segments, the Chief Operating 
Decision Maker (CODM) evaluates the Company’s 
performance and allocates resources based on an 
analysis of various performance indicators by business 
segments. Accordingly, the Company has identified 
only one segment as reportable segment for the year 
ended 31
st March, 2025 and 31st March, 2024.
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 203 =====
200
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
4 Property, plant and equipment
Particulars  Land  Building  Plant and 
equipments 
 Furniture & 
Fixtures 
 Office 
Equipments 
 Vehicles  Total 
Gross block
Balance as at  1st April, 2023  713  5,539  10,690  450  621  82  18,095 
Additions  -     1,280  926  41  80  46  2,373 
Deletions  -     (2)  (44)  -     (6)  -     (52)
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  713  6,817  11,572  491  695  128  20,416 
Additions  -     351  2,025  47  253  22  2,698 
Deletions  -     -     (19)  (4)  (41)  (12)  (76)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  713  7,168  13,578  534  907  138  23,038 
Accumulated depreciation
Balance as at  1
st April, 2023  -     780  4,616  205  353  35  5,989 
Charge for the year  -     260  946  38  107  9  1,360 
Reversals on deletions  -     (2)  (42)  -     (5)  (1)  (50)
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  -     1,038  5,520  243  455  43  7,299 
Charge for the year  -     293  973  40  115  13  1,434 
Reversals on deletions  -     -     (17)  (3)  (37)  (10)  (67)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  -     1,331  6,476  280  533  46  8,666 
Net block
Balance as at 31
st March, 2024  713  5,779  6,052  248  240  85  13,117 
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  713  5,837  7,102  254  374  92  14,372 
Notes:  
      
1.  
 The
 title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee), are held in the name of the Company.
 
5 Capital work in progress
i)
 Age
ing schedule of capital work-in-progress
a)
 Pr
ojects in progress:
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
 Less than 1 year 234  1,013 
 Project 1  -     460 
 Project 2  -     385 
 Other Projects  234  168 
 1-2 years  132  261 
 Project 1  -     8 
 Project 2  -     253 
 Other Projects  132  -    
 2-3 years  -     -    
 More than 3 years  -     -    
 Total  366  1,274 
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 204 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
201
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
b) The re were no projects temporarily suspended as at 31 st March, 2025 and 31st March, 2024
c)
 Completion
 schedule for the Projects which are over due :
Particular As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
To be completed in
Less than 1 year 
Project 1  -     259 
1-2 years 
Project 2  85  -    
2-3 years  -     -    
More than 3 years  -     -    
Total  85  259 
d)
 The
re are no projects for the year ended 31 st March, 2025 and 31 st March, 2024 which have exceeded its initial planned 
cost. 
6A Intangible asset
Particulars  Softwares  SAP  Licenses  Technical 
knowhow 
 Total 
Gross block
Balance as at  1st April, 2023  169  178  125  34  506 
Additions  -     -     12  -     12 
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  169  178  137  34  518 
Additions  19  -     -     477  496 
Deletions  (8)  -     (26)  (33)  (67)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  180  178  111  478  947 
Accumulated amortisation 
Balance as at  1
st April, 2023  90  130  93  34  347 
Charge for the year  21  18  19  -     58 
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  111  148  112  34  405 
Charge for the year  22  18  14  477  531 
Deletions  (8)  -     (26)  (33)  (67)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  125  166  100  478  869 
 -     -     -     -     -    
Net block
Balance as at 31
st March, 2024  58  30  25  -     113 
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  55  12  11  -     78 
6B Intangible assets under development ageing schedule
As at 31st March, 2025
Intangible assets under development  Amount in Intangible assets under development for a period of  Total 
 Less than  
1 year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than  
3 years 
Project in progress  -     19  -     -     19 
Project temporarily suspended  -     -     -     -     -    
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 205 =====
202
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
As at 31st March, 2024
Intangible assets under development  Amount in Intangible assets under development for a period of  Total 
 Less than  
1 year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than  
3 years 
Project in progress  32  -     -     -     32 
Project temporarily suspended  -     -     -     -     -    
7 Right to use assets
Particulars  Leasehold 
land 
Leasehold  
buildings 
 Total 
Gross block
Balance as at  1st April, 2023  1,487  67  1,554 
Additions  -     -     -    
Deletions  -     -     -    
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  1,487  67  1,554 
Additions  -     -     -    
Deletions  -     -     -    
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  1,487  67  1,554 
Accumulated amortisation 
Balance as at  1
st April, 2023  309  66  375 
Charge for the year  91  -     91 
Disposals  -     -     -    
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  400  66  466 
Charge for the year  91  -     91 
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  491  66  557 
Net block
Balance as at 31
st March, 2024  1,087  1  1,088 
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  996  1  997 
 8  Investments 
A)
 Non-curr
ent investments 
Face value 
per unit
No. of Shares/Units Amount
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
a) Investment carried at cost
i) Equity instruments in subsidiaries (fully 
paid-up) (Unquoted)
PT Automotive Systems Indonesia Limited  4,474  -     27,000  -     1,208 
Less: Impairment loss (Also refer note 8.1 
below)
 -     (803)
Net Carrying Value  -     405 
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 206 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
203
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
Face value 
per unit
No. of Shares/Units Amount
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
a) Investment carried at amortised cost
i) Debentures / bonds
360 One Prime- 9.03% Non Convertible 
Debenture 
 1,00,000  -     500  -     501 
Aditya Birla Fin- 8.30% Non Convertible 
Debenture 
 1,00,000  500  -     503  -    
Mahindra Rural Housing Finance- 8.35% Non 
Convertible Debenture 
 1,00,000  250  -     267  -    
Axis Finance Limited- 8.08% Non Convertible 
Debenture 
 10,00,000  35  -     364  -    
b) Investment carried at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
i) Equity instruments (fully paid-up) (Unquoted)
Lucas TVS Limited  100  97,351  97,351  22,468  19,037 
IRIS Ecopower Venture Private Limited ( Refer 
note no: 8.2)
 10  4,29,400  3,56,400  43  36 
c) Investment carried at fair value through 
profit and loss (FVTPL)
i) Debentures / bonds
State Bank Of  India Series -  8.75%  Perpetual 
Bond
 10,00,000  -     25  -     262 
State Bank Of  India Series - 7.74% Perpetual 
Bond
 10,00,000  25  25  249  259 
L&T Bond Market Linked Debentures  10,00,000  50  50  595  546 
State Bank Of India Sr. 1- 7.72% Perpetual 
Bond
1,00,00,000  2  -     199  -    
Bank Of Baroda- 8.50% Perpetual Bond  10,00,000  18  -     180  -    
Bank Of Baroda- 8.15% Perpetual Bond  10,00,000  10  -     100  -    
ii) Non listed equity shares
NSE Equity  1  65,000  13,000  1,095  533 
iii) Listed equity shares
HDFC Bank Limited  1  14,098  14,098  258  203 
ICICI Bank Limited  2  13,150  13,150  177  144 
Infosys Limited  5  -     5,745  -     86 
Reliance Industries Limited  10  7,730  3,865  99  115 
JIO Financial Service Limited  10  3,865  3,865  9  14 
Tata Consultancy Service Limited  1  2,760  2,760  100  107 
Blue Dart Express Limited  10  787  787  48  49 
Ultratech Cement Limited  10  1,023  495  118  48 
Bharti Airtel Limited  5  7,726  -     100  -    
Nestle India Limited  1  1,596  -     36  -    
Larsen & Toubro Limited  2  2,880  -     101  -    
ITC Limited  1  9,200  -     38  -    
ITC Hotels Limited  1  920  -     2  -    
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 207 =====
204
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Face value 
per unit
No. of Shares/Units Amount
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
iv) Alternative investment funds
TVS Shriram Growth Fund Scheme 3  1,000  87,068  90,800  1,154  1,367 
TVS Shriram Growth Fund Scheme 4  1,000  6,250  -     63  -    
v) Mutual funds
HDFC Index Fund-Nifty 50 Plan -Direct Growth  10  4,37,131  2,27,411  990  484 
HDFC HOF Series 1 1140D November 2017 - 
1- Reg-G
 10  10,00,000  10,00,000  207  204 
Nippon India Nifty Midcap 150 Index Fund - 
Direct Plan Growth
 10  13,81,912  7,78,809  305  159 
ICICI Prudential Nifty Next 50 Index Fund - 
Direct Plan Growth
 10  5,90,577  3,72,314  344  208 
ICICI Prudential India opportunities  Fund - 
Direct Plan Growth
 10  3,24,846  2,47,282  116  79 
360 One Focused equity fund Direct plan 
Growth
 10  2,14,943  61,356  106  28 
Tata Large & Mid Cap Fund Direct plan 
Growth
 10  29,601  20,277  165  106 
Tata Balanced Advantage Fund - Direct Plan 
Growth
 10  21,14,861  9,79,844  457  200 
ICICI Prudential  Balanced Advantage Fund - 
Direct Plan Growth
 10  6,05,377  2,82,312  467  201 
HDFC Focused 30 fund Direct plan Growth  10  75,309  51,886  182  108 
Nippon Multi Asset Allocation fund - Growth 
fund
 10  24,66,905  -     493  -    
HDFC GOLD FUND- Exhange Traded Fund  1  22,89,977  -     616  -    
 32,814  25,489 
B) 
  Cu
rrent investments 
Face value 
per unit
No. of Shares/Units Amount
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
a) Investment carried at cost
i) Equity instruments in subsidiaries (fully 
paid-up) (Unquoted)
PT Automotive Systems Indonesia Limited  4,474  27,000  -     1,208  -    
Less: Impairment loss (Also refer note 8.1 
below)
 (803)  -    
Net Carrying Value  405  -    
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 208 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
205
Annual Report 2024-25
Face value 
per unit
No. of Shares/Units Amount
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
b) Investment carried at amortised cost
i) Debentures / bonds
360 One Prime- 9.03% Non Convertible 
Debenture 
 1,00,000  500  -     501  -    
HDB- 8.34% Non Convertable Debenture  1,00,000  500  -     533  -    
Tata Fin- 8.30% Capital Non Convertable 
Debenture 
 1,00,000  500  -     504  -    
 c) Investment carried at fair value through 
profit and loss:
Current Investments - Quoted
Investment In Mutual Funds
Axis Short Term-G  10  77,81,178  94,56,821  2,350  2,638 
Aditya Birla SL Corporate Bond-G  10  14,00,088  14,00,088  1,549  1,425 
ICICI pru liquid fund Direct plan - Growth  100  -     2,30,250  -     823 
Aditya Birla Sun life Money manager fund 
Direct Growth
 100  82,343  2,35,530  303  803 
Kotak Bond Short-term Reg-G  10  46,24,333  46,24,333  2,359  2,185 
Nippon India Money Market Fund Direct plan 
- Growth
 1,000  7,299  24,154  301  923 
Bhandhan CRISIL Glit 2027 Index Fund 
Regular Plan- Growth
 10  1,28,22,384  1,68,34,871  1,612  1,961 
Bhandhan SSI ST Reg-G (formerly Known as 
IDFC SSI ST Reg-G)
 10  21,08,517  39,37,462  1,178  2,032 
Nippon India Short-term-Growth  10  18,35,238  18,35,238  947  874 
Nippon India liquid fund Direct plan - Growth  1,000  2,684  12,744  170  753 
Aditya Birla SL Overnight fund - Growth - 
Direct
 1,000  18,121  15,480  250  200 
Nippon India Overnight Fund - Direct Plan  1,000  1,82,686  2,17,986  251  280 
DSP Overnight Fund - Direct Plan  1,000  18,298  31,254  250  401 
Axis Liquid Fund Direct-G  1,000  -     11,211  -     301 
HSBC Overnight Fund - Direct  1,000  -     43,958  -     551 
Sundaram Liquid Fund - Direct Plan  10  31,547  37,672  723  803 
Axis Money Market Fund Direct-G  1,000  -     32,142  -     422 
Aditya Birla SL Liquid fund Direct Plan - Growth  100  1,55,812  1,88,247  652  733 
 14,838  18,108 
8.1
 
 The
 net worth of the subsidiary PT Automotive Systems Indonesia Limited was lowered by ` 803 Lakhs as compared to 
the carrying value of the investment in the books of the Company which has been impaired during the financial year 2022-
23.
8.2
 
 Inv
estment made in IRIS Ecopower Venture Private Limited is Group captive investment with 429,400 units carried at 
Value of ` 43 Lakhs as at 31st March, 2025. Refer note 8(A)(b)(i).
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 209 =====
206
India Nippon Electricals Limited
8.3 Particular As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments carried at cost  -     1,208 
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments  -     (803)
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments carried at amortised cost  1,134  501 
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments carried at FVTOCI  22,511  19,073 
Aggregate value of quoted/Un-Quoted investments - Carried at FVTPL  9,169  5,510 
Total non-current investment  32,814  25,489 
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments carried at cost  1,208  -    
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments  (803)  -    
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments carried at amortised cost  1,538  -    
Aggregate value of quoted investments - Carried at FVTPL  12,895  18,108 
Total current investment  14,433  18,108 
9 Non - current loans
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
(Unsecured and considered good)
Loans to employees  117  112 
 117  112 
10 Other non-current financial assets
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
(Unsecured and considered good)
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity  1  1 
Security deposits  115  95 
Deposits with Non Banking Financial Company (NBFC)  1,300  -    
 1,416  96 
11 Other non-current assets
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
(Unsecured and considered good)
Capital Advance  52  -    
 52  -    
12 Inventories
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
(Lower of cost and net realisable value)
Raw material*  4,396  4,114 
Raw material - goods in transit  485  911 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 210 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
207
Annual Report 2024-25
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Work in progress  316  200 
Finished goods  950  789 
Finished goods in transit  557  372 
Stores and spares  28  8 
Stock in trade  489  523 
 7,221  6,917 
*It includes stock with third parties of ` 136.21 Lakhs as at 31st March, 2025 (as at 31st March, 2024: ` 261.28 Lakhs)
a) Cost of Inventories recognised as expense in statement of profit and loss  58,367  50,905 
b)
 The
 mode of valuation of inventories has been stated in Note 2.8
c)
 Net
 of inventory provision of ` 805 Lakhs  as at 31st March, 2025 (as at 31st March, 2024: ` 433 Lakhs)
13 Trade receivables
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Considered good  16,965  14,175 
 16,965  14,175 
a)
  T
rade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 45 to 60 days. The carrying amount of the current 
trade receivable is considered a reasonable approximation of fair value as it is expected to be collected within twelve 
months.
b)
  The
 Company’s exposure to credit and currency risks, and loss allowances related to trade receivables are disclosed in 
note 46.
c)
 Age
ing of trade receivables
 i)
 Undisp
uted trade receivables considered good March 31, 2025
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Not due Less than 
6 months
6 Months 
- 1 year
1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than  
3 years
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Considered 
Good
 15,080  1,699  132  46  1  7  16,965 
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Which Have 
Significant Increase In 
Credit Risk
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Credit 
Impaired
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Disputed Trade 
Receivables Considered 
Good
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 211 =====
208
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Not due Less than 
6 months
6 Months 
- 1 year
1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than  
3 years
Disputed Trade 
Receivables - Which Have 
Significant Increase In 
Credit Risk
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Disputed Trade 
Receivables - Credit 
Impaired
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
GRAND TOTAL  15,080  1,699  132  46  1  7  16,965 
 ii)
 Undisp
uted trade receivables considered good March 31, 2024
Particulars Outstanding For Following Periods From Due Date Of Payment Total
Not Due Less Than 
6 Months
6 Months 
- 1 Year
1-2 Years 2-3 Years More Than  
3 Years
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Considered 
Good
 12,005  2,113  44  2  11  -     14,175 
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Which Have 
Significant Increase In 
Credit Risk
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Credit 
Impaired
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Disputed Trade 
Receivables Considered 
Good
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Disputed Trade 
Receivables - Which Have 
Significant Increase In 
Credit Risk
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Disputed Trade 
Receivables - Credit 
Impaired
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
GRAND TOTAL  12,005  2,113  44  2  11  -     14,175 
 iii)
  Ther
e were no undisputed trade receivables which have significant credit risk, credit impaired, disputed receivables 
considered good, trade receiavbles which have significant credit risk and credit impaired as at 31st March, 2025 and 
31st March, 2024.
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 212 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
209
Annual Report 2024-25
14 Cash and bank balances
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Cash and cash equivalents:
Balance with banks in current accounts  1,562  825 
 1,562  825 
Bank balances other than mentioned in cash and cash equivalents
-
 Dep
osit accounts (with original maturity greater than 3 months upto 12 
months)
 300  600 
-
 Unp
aid dividend (Also, refer note (i) below)  64  56 
 364  656 
 1,926  1,481 
i)
  Unp
aid dividend included above represent amounts to be credited to the Investors Education and Protection Fund as and 
when they become due. There are no delays in transferring the amounts due for payment to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund under Section 125 of the Companies Act, 2013 as at the balance sheet date.
15 Other current financial asset:
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Interest accrued on deposits  69  59 
Duty draw back receivable  13  7 
Deposit accounts (with original maturity greater  12 months)  200  -    
Advance given for investment  560  -    
 842  66 
16 Income tax assets
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Advance tax (net of Provision for tax )  781  527 
 781  527 
17 Other current assets
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Supplier advances  462  513 
Other advances  10  7 
Prepaid expenses  530  348 
Other receivables  48  241 
 1,050  1,109 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 213 =====
210
India Nippon Electricals Limited
18 Equity share capital
As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Numbers Amount Numbers Amount
Authorised
Equity shares of ` 5 each  3,00,00,000  1,500  3,00,00,000  1,500 
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up share capital
Equity shares of ` 5 each  2,26,21,424  1,131  2,26,21,424  1,131 
a)
 The
re is no change in issued and subscribed equity share capital during the year. 
b) 
 T
erms/ rights attached to equity shares
       
  The
 Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 5 per share. The Company declares and pays 
dividends in Indian Rupees. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors, if any, is subject to the approval of the 
shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except interim dividend, which is approved by the Board of Directors. 
Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of 
equity shares will be entitled to receive any of the remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential 
amounts. The distribution will be proportional to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
c)
 Sha
reholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the Company
As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Numbers % shareholding Numbers % shareholding
Equity shares of ` 5 each
Lucas Indian Service Limited, India  1,59,07,374 70.32%  1,59,07,374 70.32%
 1,59,07,374 70.32%  1,59,07,374 70.32%
d)
 Dis
closure of shareholding of promoters
Promoter Name As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Numbers % shareholding Numbers % shareholding % Change during 
the year 
Equity shares of ` 5 each
Lucas Indian Service Limited  1,59,07,374 70.32%  1,59,07,374 70.32% 0.00%
Sheela Balaji  3,712 0.02%  3,712 0.02% 0.00%
T K Balaji  1,694 0.01%  1,694 0.01% 0.00%
Vatsala Raghu  542 0.00%  542 0.00% 0.00%
Sowmyan Ramakrishnan  4,308 0.02%  4,308 0.02% 0.00%
V A Raghu  8 0.00%  8 0.00% 0.00%
Mala Ramakrishnan  742 0.00%  742 0.00% 0.00%
Vijaya Mohanram  742 0.00%  742 0.00% 0.00%
 1,59,19,122 70.37%  1,59,19,122 70.37% 0.00%
e)  
 The
re were no shares issued pursuant to contract without payment being received in cash, allotted as fully paid up by way 
of bonus issues and there were no buy back of shares during the last 5 years immediately preceding 31st March, 2025.
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 214 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
211
Annual Report 2024-25
 f)  Details of in terim dividend declared:
for the year 
31st March, 2025 
for the year 
31st March, 2024 
Date of meeting of board of directors 13th February, 2025 13 th February, 2024
Dividend per share  12.50  10.25 
Cash outflow in Lakhs (Gross of TDS)  2,828  2,318 
 19 Other equity
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Capital redemption reserve  40  40 
General reserve  23,909  23,909 
Retained earnings
Opening Balance  25,739  22,127 
Dividend paid during the year (Refer note 18 (g))  (2,828)  (2,318)
Profit for the year  8,203  5,930 
Closing balance  31,114  25,739 
Other Comprehensive income
Opening Balance  11,507  8,827 
Add : Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  3,387  2,680 
Closing balance  14,894  11,507 
Total Other Equity  69,957  61,195 
General Reserve:
       
The 
general reserve is used from time to time to transfer profits from retained earnings for appropriation purpose. As the 
general reserve is created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of other comprehensive 
income, items included in the general reserve will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss.
Retained Earnings:
       
The 
amount that can be distributed by the Company as dividends to its equity shareholders is determined based on the separate 
financial statements of the Company and also considering the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013. Thus, the amounts 
reported above are not distributable in entirety.
       
Reser
ve for equity instruments through other comprehensive income:
The Company has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive 
income. These changes are accumulated within the FVTOCI equity investments reserve within equity. The Company transfers 
amounts from this reserve to retained earnings when the relevant equity securities are derecognised.
 
 20  Lease liabilities 
As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Non-current Current Non-current Current
Lease liabilities  128  84  212  82 
 128  84  212  82 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 215 =====
212
India Nippon Electricals Limited
a)  Mo vement in lease liability
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Balance at beginning of the year  294  364 
Additions  -     -    
Deletion  -     -    
Finance cost (Also, refer note 34)  26  33 
Payment of Lease liabilities  (108)  (103)
Balance as at end of the year  212  294 
b) 
 Sum
mary of contractual maturities of lease liabilities on undiscounted basis
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
i)
 Less tha
n one Year  109  108 
ii)
 One
  to five years  130  239 
iii)
 Mor
e than five years  -     -    
 239  347 
c) 
 A
mount recognised in statement of profit and loss 
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Interest on lease liabilities  26 33
Amortisation of ROU  91 91
 117  124 
21 Non-current provision
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Provision for employee benefits:
-
 Compen
sated absences  386  363 
 386  363 
22 Deferred tax liability
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Deferred tax liability arising on account of :
-
  Timing d
ifference between written down value as per financials and  as per 
Income tax on property plant and equipment
 914  929 
-
  F
air valuation of investments  3,327  3,189 
Deferred tax asset arising on account of :
-
 Pr
ovision for employee benefits  (255)  (290)
-
 Oth
ers  (74)  (59)
 3,912  3,769 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 216 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
213
Annual Report 2024-25
Particular  Timing difference 
between written 
down value as per 
financials and  as 
per Income tax on 
property plant and 
equipment 
 Fair value 
change in 
Investment 
 Provision 
for employee 
benefits 
 Others  Total 
 Balance as at 31st March, 2023  964  2,250  (139)  (90)  2,985 
 Recognised in statement of profit and loss  (35)  169  (159)  31  6 
 Recognised in other comprehensive income  -     770  8  -     778 
 Balance as at 31st March, 2024  929  3,189  (290)  (59)  3,769 
 Recognised in statement of profit and loss *  (15)  76  30  (15)  76 
 Recognised in other comprehensive income **  -     62  5  -     67 
 Balance as at 31st March, 2025  914  3,327  (255)  (74)  3,912 
* includes ` 76 Lakhs of tax expense for the year ended 31st March, 2025 on account of change in applicable tax rate. 
** includes ` 429 Lakhs of tax income for the  year ended 31st March, 2025 on account of change in applicable tax rate. 
Note: 
Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences except in respect of taxable temporary 
differences associated with investments in subsidiary where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be 
controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, deferred 
income tax liabilities on undistributed cumulative earnings of subsidiary as at 31
st March, 2025 and 31 st March, 2024 has not 
been recognized. Further, it is not practicable to estimate the amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for these 
undistributed earnings.
23 Trade payables
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Total outstanding dues to micro enterprises and small enterprises (Also, refer note 
(a) and (b))
 5,211  4,333 
Total outstanding dues to other than micro enterprises and small enterprises 
(Also, refer note (b))
 8,806  8,700 
 14,017  13,033 
a)
 Dis
closures Required Under Section 22 Of The Micro, Small And Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006:
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
(i) Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of the 
accounting year
 5,211  4,333 
(ii) Interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of 
the accounting year
 -     -    
(iii) The amount of interest paid along with the amounts of the payment 
made to the supplier beyond the appointed day 
 -     -    
(iv) The amount of interest due and payable for the year  -     -    
(v) The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the 
accounting year
 -     -    
(vi) The amount of further interest due and payable even in the succeeding 
year, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid
 -     -    
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 217 =====
214
India Nippon Electricals Limited
The management has identified enterprises which have provided goods and services to the Company and which qualify 
under the definition of micro and small enterprises, as defined under Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development 
Act, 2006 (MSMEDA). Accordingly, the disclosure in respect of the amounts payable to such enterprises as at 31
st March, 
2025 and 31st March, 2024 has been made in the financials statements based on information received and available with 
the Company. Further, the Company has not paid any interest to any micro and small enterprises during the current year 
and previous year.
b)
 Age
ing of trade payables
31st March, 2025
Particulars  Outstanding for following period from due date from payment 
Unbilled Not Due Less than  
1 year
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
 More than  
3 years 
 Total 
Undisputed Micro and Small 
enterprises
 -     5,211  -     -     -     -     5,211 
Disputed - Micro and Small 
enterprises
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Undisputed - Other than Micro and 
Small enterprises
 2,829  2,664  3,234  16  12  51  8,806 
Disputed - Other than Micro and 
Small enterprises
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
31
st March, 2024
Particulars  Outstanding for following period from due date from payment 
Unbilled Not Due Less than  
1 year
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
 More than  
3 years 
 Total 
Undisputed Micro and Small 
enterprises
 -     4,333  -     -     -     -     4,333 
Disputed - Micro and Small 
enterprises
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Undisputed - Other than Micro and 
Small enterprises
 3,627  3,393  1,596  32  -     52  8,700 
Disputed - Other than Micro and 
Small enterprises
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
24 Other financial liabilities:
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Unpaid dividend  64  56 
Earnest money deposit  27  72 
Commission to directors  220  230 
Employee payable  1,108  788 
Liability towards discounts to customers  1,423  1,403 
 2,842  2,549 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 218 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
215
Annual Report 2024-25
25 Current provision
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Provisions for employee benefits
-
 Compen
sated absences  58  24 
Gratuity (Also, refer note 39)  40  97 
Provision for warranty (Also, refer note (a) below)  78  77 
 176  198 
Product Warranty:
Opening Balance  77  60 
Additions  96  61 
Utilizations  (95)  (44)
Closing Balance  78  77 
a)
  A 
provision is recognized for expected warranty claims on supply of goods, based on past experience of level of repairs 
and returns. The current and non-current classification of the provision is made based on the remaining warranty period of 
the goods supplied as at the balance sheet date. The assumptions used to calculate the provision for warranties are based 
on the Company’s current status of goods supplied that are under warranty and information available about expenditure 
more probable to be incurred based on the Company’s warranty terms which provides for a warranty period of about 12-
36 months.
26 Other current liabilities
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Statutory dues  775  676 
Tooling advance  446  496 
 1,221  1,172 
27 Revenue from operations
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Sale of Manufactured Products:
Export sales  3,363  3,578 
Domestic sales  75,829  65,084 
 79,192  68,662 
Sale of Traded Products:
Domestic sales  4,863  3,940 
Gross sales:  84,055  72,602 
Discount to customers (Turnover discount)  (861)  (932)
Net Sales:  83,194  71,670 
Other operating revenues:
-
 Expor
t benefits  84  91 
-
 Scr
ap sales and others  1,205  646 
 84,483  72,408 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 219 =====
216
India Nippon Electricals Limited
a) Dis aggregation of revenue information   
  The
 table below presents disaggregated revenues from contracts with customer which is recognised based on goods 
transferred at a point of time by geography and offerings of the Company. As per the management, the below disaggregation 
best depicts the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of how revenues and cash flows are affected by industry, market 
and other economic factors.
  
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Revenue by geography 
India  81,158  68,830 
Rest of the world  3,325  3,578 
Total revenue from operations  84,483  72,408 
b)
 Con
tract balances
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Receivables, which are included in Trade receivables (gross) ( Contract Asset)  16,965  14,175 
Tooling advances, which are included in Other current liabilities ( Contract 
Liabilities)
 446  496 
c)
 Seg
ment information
  
  In 
accordance with Ind AS 108, Operating Segments, the Company has identified manufacture and sale of Electrical and 
Electronic products for two/three wheelers and engines. As per Ind AS 108 Operating Segments, the Chief Operating 
Decision Maker (CODM) evaluates the Company’s performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various 
performance indicators by business segments. Accordingly, the Company has identified only one segment as reportable 
segment for the year ended 31
st March, 2025 and 31st March, 2024.
d)
 Geographic
al information
  
  The
 Company is domiciled in India. The amount of its revenue from external customers and non-current assets other than 
financial instruments, and deferred tax assets, broken down by location of the assets, is shown below:
  
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Revenue by geography 
India  81,158  68,830 
Rest of the world  3,325  3,578 
Total revenue from operations  84,483  72,408 
e)
 Info
rmation about major customers 
  
Re
venue from operations include revenue from major customer group contributing individually to more than 10% of the 
Company’s total revenue from operations as given below. There is no other single customer who contributed more than 
10% to the Company’s revenue for the respective years.  
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
No of customers  2  2 
Amount involved  62,365  48,751 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 220 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
217
Annual Report 2024-25
28 Other income
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Interest Income :
-
 F
rom bank deposits  66  39 
-
 F
rom bonds  220  132 
Dividend Income  435  194 
Net gain on foreign currency transactions  102  144 
Net gain on sale of investments carried at FVTPL  1,276  551 
Gain on fair valuation of investment carried at fair value through profit and loss  860  1,334 
Provision no longer required written back  7  83 
Other non-operating income  13  2 
 2,979  2,479 
29 Cost of raw materials consumed
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Opening stock  5,025  3,751 
Add: Purchases  54,725  48,824 
 59,750  52,575 
Less: Closing stock  (4,881)  (5,025)
 54,869  47,550 
30 Purchase of stock in trade
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Purchase of stock in trade  2,928  2,438 
 2,928  2,438 
31 Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Closing stock
Finished goods  1,507  1,161 
Work in progress  316  200 
Stock in trade  489  523 
 2,312  1,884 
Opening stock
Finished goods  1,161  1,333 
Work in progress  200  209 
Stock in trade  523  307 
 1,884  1,849 
Changes in inventories  (428)  (35)
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 221 =====
218
India Nippon Electricals Limited
32 Other operating expenses
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Stores and spares consumed  998  952 
Power and fuel  993  862 
Repairs to:
-
 Bui
lding  404  325 
-
 Machine
ry  592  401 
-
 Oth
ers  86  98 
Research and development expenses (Refer note 41)  473  262 
 3,546  2,900 
33 Employee benefits expenses
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Salaries, wages and bonus  8,248  7,322 
Gratuity expenses (Also, refer note 39)  85  64 
Contribution to provident and other funds (Refer Note 39)  311  341 
Staff welfare expenses  1,209  1,070 
 9,853  8,797 
34 Finance costs
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Bank charges  13  6 
Interest on lease liabilities (Refer note 20)  26  33 
 39  39 
35  Depreciation and amortisation expenses 
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Depreciation of Property, plant and equipment (Also, refer note 4)  1,434  1,360 
Amortisation of intangible assets (Also, refer note 6)  531  58 
Amortisation of right to use asset (Also, refer note 7)  91  91 
 2,056  1,509 
 36 Other expenses
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Rent (Also, refer note (a) below)  5  5 
Repairs and maintenance - others  20  23 
Insurance  46  51 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 222 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
219
Annual Report 2024-25
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Royalty  23  -    
Rates and taxes  70  51 
Communication expenses  44  47 
Postage, printing and stationery  44  46 
Director sitting fees  23  21 
Travelling and conveyance  392  298 
Loss on sale of fixed assets(net) 0  -    
Property, plant and equipment written off  7  -    
Legal and professional charges  888  1,063 
Management fees (Also, refer note 40)  726  654 
Corporate social responsibility (Also, refer note 44)  125  99 
Commission to directors  143  159 
Contract expenses  311  237 
Security charges  202  182 
Warranty expenses  96  61 
Freight outwards  455  417 
Advertisement and sales promotion expenses  386  267 
Audit Fees:
a)
 Statutor
y Auditors:
-
 Sta
tutory Audit  22  18 
-
 T
ax Audit  4  4 
-
 Oth
er Attestation Matters  3  8 
-
 Reimbursement 
of Expenses  1  2 
b)
 Cost A
udit  4  3 
c)
 Sec
retarial Audit  2  2 
d)
 Reimbursement 
- Other audits  2  2 
Miscellaneous expenses  287  391 
 4,331  4,111 
a) 
 The
 Company has lease contracts for office premises and these lease contracts are cancellable/renewable for further 
period on mutually agreeable terms during the tenure of lease contracts. These lease contracts are classified as short 
term lease contracts under Ind AS 116
 
 37 Items will not be reclassified to profit and loss
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Increase in fair value of investments   3,431  3,591 
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plan  23  (133)
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  (67)  (778)
 3,387  2,680 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 223 =====
220
India Nippon Electricals Limited
 38 Income tax
The major components of tax expense and the reconciliation of the expected tax expense based on the domestic effective tax 
rate of the Company at 25.17% and the reported tax expense in the statement of profit and loss are as follows:
 
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Income tax expenses
Accounting profit before taxes and exceptional items  10,268  7,578 
Tax rates 25.17% 25.17%
Tax on profit at enacted tax rate  2,584  1,907 
Dividend income from mutual funds and equity instruments exempted under the 
income tax act (u/s.80M deduction)
 (109)  (49)
Effect of adjustment of long term capital gain against brought forward long term 
capital loss
 (236)  (17)
Non taxable income  (216)  (248)
Others  (34)  49 
Actual tax expenses as per P&L a/c  1,989  1,642 
Deferred tax expenses
On account of timing difference between written down value as per financials and  
as per Income tax on property plant and equipment 
 (15)  (35)
On account of fair value change in Investment  76  169 
On account of provision for employee benefits  30  (159)
Others  (15)  31 
Deferred  tax expenses  76  6 
Total tax expenses recognised in statement of profit and loss  2,065  1,648 
 39 Employee benefits
The Company provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan covering eligible employees. The gratuity plan provides a 
lumpsum payment to vested employees at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of employment, of an amount on the 
respective employee’s salary and the tenure of employment with the Company. The employee benefits notified under section 
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 are given below:
  
a)
 Defi
ned contribution plan:
  
 i)
 Pr
ovident fund
  
   Eligible
 employees receive benefits from a provident fund, which is a defined contribution plan.  Aggregate contributions 
along with interest thereon are paid at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of employment. Both the 
employee and the Company make monthly contributions to the Employee’s Provident Fund scheme administered by 
Government of India equal to a specified percentage of the covered employee’s salary.
  
 ii)
 Supera
nnuation fund
  
   Eligible
 employees receive benefits from the superannuation fund, which is a defined contribution plan. Aggregate 
contributions along with interest theron are paid at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of employment.  
The Company makes yearly contributions to the Superannuation Fund Scheme administered by Life Insurance 
Corporation of India. Liabilities with regard to the Superannuation fund are determined by the Life  Insurance 
Corporation of India as the balance sheet date, based upon which, the Company contributes all the ascertained 
liabilities to the Life Insurance Corporation of India’s Employees Superannuation Fund.
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 224 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
221
Annual Report 2024-25
 iii)  Emplo yee State Insurance Benefits   
   The 
Company makes contributions, determined as a specified percentage of employee salaries, in respect of 
qualifying employees towards Employee State Insurance, which is defined contribution plan. The Company has no 
obligations other than to make the specified contributions. The contributions are charged to the statement of profit 
and loss as they accrue.
  
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Employer's contribution to provident fund  272  284 
Employer's contributions to employee state insurance  2  7 
Employer's contribution to superannuation fund  37  50 
 311  341 
b)
 Lea
ve encashment: 
  
The 
Employees of the Company are entitled to compensated absence.   Employees can carry forward a portion of the 
unutilized accrued compensated absence and utilize it in future periods or receive cash compensation at retirement or 
termination of employment for the unutilized accrued compensated absence for a maximum of 52 days (up to the age of 
50) and 90 days (age beyond 50).  The Company records an obligation for compensated absences in the period in which  
employees  render  services that increase this entitlement.  The Company measures the expected cost of compensated 
absence as the additional amount that the Company expects to pay as a result of the unused entitlement that has 
accumulated at the balance sheet date.  The liability has been actuarially determined and accounted in the books.
 
c)
 Defi
ned benefit Plan:
  
 Gratuity
:
  
The 
Company operates a gratuity plan covering qualifying employees. The benefit payable is the greater of the amount 
calculated as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 or the Company scheme applicable to the employee. The benefit 
vests upon completion of five years of continuous service and once vested it is payable to employees on retirement or on 
termination of employment. In case of death while in service, the gratuity is payable irrespective of vesting. The Company 
provides the gratuity benefit through annual contributions to a fund managed by the Life Insurance Corporation of India  
(LIC).                                                                       
  
These 
plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk and 
salary risk.
     
Inv
estment risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate which is 
determined by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period on government bonds. When there is a deep 
market for such bonds; if the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit. Currently, for these plans, 
investments are made in government securities, debt instruments, Short term debt instruments, Equity instruments and 
Asset Backed, Trust Structured securities as per notification of Ministry of Finance. 
Interest risk: A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this will be partially offset by an 
increase in the return on the plan’s investments.
     
Longe
vity risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of 
the mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan 
participants will increase the plan’s liability. 
     
Salar
y risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan 
participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.                                                                             
 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 225 =====
222
India Nippon Electricals Limited
In respect of the above plans, the most recent actuarial valuation of the plan assets and the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation were carried out as at 31 st March, 2025 by a member firm of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The 
present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost and past service cost, were measured 
using the projected unit credit method. 
d)
  The 
following table set out the status of the gratuity plan and the amount recognised in the Company’s financial 
statement
  
 i)
 Chang
e in projected benefit obligation
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Opening defined benefit obligation  1,438  1,273 
Benefits paid  (83)  (129)
Current service cost  82  68 
Interest cost on benefit obligation  97  86 
Actuarial (gain) on obligation  (14)  140 
Projected benefit obligation at the end of the year  1,520  1,438 
 ii)
 Chang
e in plan assets
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Opening fair value of plan assets  1,341  1,282 
Contributions by employer  127  91 
Benefits paid  (83)  (129)
Expected return  94  90 
Others  (8)  -    
Actuarial gain / (loss) on plan assets  9  7 
Closing fair value of plan assets  1,480  1,341 
 iii)
 Recon
ciliation of present value of obligation on the fair value of plan assets to the liability recognised
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Present value of projected benefit obligation at the end of the year  1,520  1,438 
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  1,480  1,341 
(Asset) / liability recognized in the balance sheet  40  97 
Funded Status
Funded  1,520  1,438 
Unfunded  -     -    
 iv)
 Compo
nents of net gratuity costs are
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Current service cost  82  68 
Net Interest cost on benefit obligation  3  (4)
Total amount recognised in the statement of profit or loss  85  64 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 226 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
223
Annual Report 2024-25
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Actuarial (gain)/loss  (23)  133 
Total amount recognised in other comprehensive income  (23)  133 
 v)
 Princip
al actuarial assumptions used :
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Discount Rate (%) 6.41% 6.97%
Estimated Rate of Return on Plan Assets (%) 6.41% 6.97%
Attrition Rate (%) 12.00% 12.00%
Expected rate of salary increase (%) 7.00% 7.00%
Expected Average Remaining Service (years) 6.62 6.70
The Company assesses these assumptions with the projected long-term plans of growth and prevalent industry 
standards.
The estimates of rate of escalation in salary considered in actuarial valuation takes into account inflation, seniority, 
promotion and other relevant factors including supply and demand in the employment market. The above information 
is certified by the actuary. The discount rate is based on the prevailing market yields of Indian government securities 
as at the balance sheet date for the estimated term of the obligations.
 vi)
 Emplo
yee benefits - maturity profile (undiscounted)
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Within 1 year  202  185 
1 - 2 years  297  299 
2 - 3 years  180  177 
3 - 4 years  197  161 
4 - 5 years  178  173 
Above 5 years  681  649 
 1,735  1,645 
 vii)
 Sensitivity analyses
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
A.
 Discoun
t Rate + 50 BP (%) 6.91% 7.47%
Defined Benefit Obligation [PVO]  1,484  1,404 
Current Service Cost  84  79 
B. Discoun
t Rate - 50 BP (%) 5.91% 6.47%
Defined Benefit Obligation [PVO]  1,558  1,474 
Current Service Cost  89  84 
C.
 Sal
ary Escalation Rate +50 BP (%) 7.50% 7.50%
Defined Benefit Obligation [PVO]  1,559  1,476 
Current Service Cost  89  84 
D. Sal
ary Escalation Rate -50 BP (%) 6.50% 6.50%
Defined Benefit Obligation [PVO]  1,482  1,402 
Current Service Cost  84  79 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 227 =====
224
India Nippon Electricals Limited
40 Related parties 
40.1 Names of related parties Nature of relationship  
Ultimate holding Company SB T
VS Industrial Ventures Private Limited  
Holding Company Lucas Indian Service Limited 
Subsidiary P T Automotive Systems Indonesia 
Enterprise having transaction with the Company during 
the current year/ previous year over which the Key 
Managerial Personnel and their relatives are able to 
exercise significant influence/control
 Lucas TVS Limited  
 Delphi TVS Technologies Limited 
Entities in which Driector’s are interested TVS Educational Society 
Southern Roadways Private Limited 
Subbaraya Aiyar, Padmanabhan and Ramamani, Advocates 
(upto 20
th September, 2023) 
Key Managerial Personnel and Other Directors Arvind Balaji, Managing Director 
Anant Jaivant Talaulicar, Director 
Tirumala Kumara Balaji, Director 
Tirumala Kumara Balaji Priyamvada, Director 
Heramb Ravindra Hajarnavis, Director (from 10
th August, 
2023) 
Gangapriya Chakraverti, Director (from 10
th August, 2023) 
KG Raghavan, Director (till 20th September, 2023) 
R Vijaya Raghavan, Director (till 20th September, 2023) 
Jakob Ruemmler, Director (till 19th July, 2023) 
Kiyoyasu Kawakami, Director (till 19th July, 2023) 
Elango Srinivasan, CFO 
S Logitha, Company Secretary
 a) 
 Relate
d party relationship is as identified by the Company on the basis of information available with the Company.
40.2
 T
ransactions with related parties
Name of the related party Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Lucas Indian Service Ltd
Sale of products  4,998  4,909 
Rent paid  25  25 
Dividend paid  1,988  1,630 
Lucas TVS Limited
Sale of products  -     153 
Warranties /Discount  10  -    
Purchase of raw materials  3  -    
Rent expenses  83  79 
Reimbursement of expenses  509  467 
Travel reimbursements received  21  24 
Management fees  726  648 
Dividend received  409  175 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 228 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
225
Annual Report 2024-25
Name of the related party Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
TVS Educational Society
Reimbursement of expenses  44  24 
Stipend to apprentices  2,414  1,338 
Arvee Consultants & Services Private Limited
Professional charges  -     2 
Subbaraya Aiyar Padmanabhan AN
Professional charges  1  -    
Remuneration
Arvind Balaji- Managing director*  384  307 
Anant Jaivant Talaulicar, Director  20  12 
Tirumala Kumara Balaji, Director  8  7 
Tirumala Kumara Balaji Priyamvada, Director  11  8 
Heramb Ravindra Hajarnavis, Director  15  12 
Gangapriya Chakraverti, Director  16  11 
KG Raghavan, Director  -     2 
R Vijaya Raghavan, Director  -     4 
Elango Srinivasan, Chief financial officer  76  68 
*Gratuity and Compensated absences are being provided based on actuarial valuation performed for the Company as a whole 
and accordingly is not identifiable separately for the KMPs. The above amount includes the value of perquisites in the form of 
rent free accomodation, furniture, Gas, electricity, water, Internet and Security, valued as per the Income Tax rules. 
40.3
 Balance with r
elated parties
Name of the related party As at 
31st March, 2025 
As at 
31st March, 2024 
Trade receivables
Lucas Indian Service Limited  1,089  1,474 
Lucas TVS Limited  -     71 
Trade payables
Lucas TVS Limited  253  253 
Lucas Indian Service Limited  3 -
Arvee Consultants & Services Private Limited  -     1 
Remuneration payable
Commission payable  220  230 
Investments in Equity Shares accounted as fair value through comprehensive 
income
Lucas TVS Limited  22,468  19,037 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 229 =====
226
India Nippon Electricals Limited
41 Research and Development expenses*
Particular Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
The amount spent towards Research and Development expenses during the year 
are as under:
Capital expenditure  585  102 
Revenue expenditure
Salaries, wages and bonus  1,314  1,032 
Power and fuel  103  95 
Travelling and conveyance  81  51 
Miscellaneous expenses  813  765 
Total  2,896  2,045 
*The summary is prepared based on the information available with the Company.
42 Earnings per equity share (EPS)
Particular Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Nominal value of equity shares  5  5 
Profit attributable to equity shareholders (A)  8,203  5,930 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year (B)  2,26,21,424  2,26,21,424 
Basic earnings per equity share (A/B)  36.26  26.20 
Diluted earnings per equity share (A/B)  36.26  26.20 
43 Contingent liabilities and commitment
Particular As at 
31st March, 2025 
As at 
31st March, 2024 
a)
 Claims not acknowledged a
s debt
Disputed income tax demands  1,034  684 
Disputed GST demands  130  -    
Service tax matters  3  3 
Others  -     -    
b)
  Estimated 
amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided, net of advance
 367  401 
Note: 
  
i)  
 The
 Company has received a favourable order from Gurugram District court in respect of a claim for compensation for 
a land acquired from the Company in 2010 to the extent of ` 445 Lakhs plus interest as specified in the order. The 
Company’s execution petition is in the process of being heard and concluded. The said compensation will be accounted 
on conclusion of the matter.
  
ii)
  The
 Company has received an eligibility letter during the year on 24 th March, 2025, as per which the Company is entitled 
to receipt of capital subsidy for investments from SIPCOT. As per the eligibility letter, the Company has to enter into the 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 230 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
227
Annual Report 2024-25
requirement agreements and comply with the relevant conditions for receipt of such grants of ` 67.93 Lakhs per year for 
the period from 2023-24 to 2037-38 , subject to fulfilment of the applicable conditions. The Company is in the process 
of entering into such agreements and the amounts will be accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy of the 
Company.
44 Corporate social responsibility (CSR) expenditure
Particular Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
a)
 Gr
oss amount required to be spent by the Company during the year  106  96 
b)
 Amount spe
nt during the year on :
-
 Con
struction/Acquisition of any Asset:  -     -    
-
 E
ducation  66  61 
-
 Rural De
velopment Projects  25  25 
-
 Hea
lth Care and Sanitation  24  8 
-
 On purpose
s other than  above  -     2 
c)
 (Sh
ortfall) / excess paid at the end of the year  9  0 
-
 Reason for shor
tfall Not applicable Not applicable
d)
 T
otal of previous years shortfall  -     -    
-
 Reason for shor
tfall Not applicable Not applicable
Nature of CSR activities
Eradicating Hunger, poverty, Rural Development projects,  Promoting 
Education, enhancing vocational skills especially among children and 
women, Promoting gender equality, Health care and sanitation, Environment 
& sustainability.
e)
  Det
ails of related party transactions in relation to  CSR expenditure, e.g., 
contribution to a trust controlled by the Company in relation to CSR 
expenditure
Nil Nil
f)
  'Pr
ovisions w.r.t CSR Expenditure pursuant to contractual obligation Nil Nil
45 Fair value measurement
a)
 Fin
ancial instruments by category
 The carr
ying value and fair value of financial instruments by categories as of 31st March, 2025
Particulars  Amortised 
Cost 
FVTPL  FVOCI  Total carrying 
value 
 Total fair 
value 
Financial assets
Investments  3,077  22,064  22,511  47,652  47,652 
Trade receivables  16,965  -     -     16,965  16,965 
Loans  117  -     -     117  117 
Cash and cash equivalents  1,562  -     -     1,562  1,562 
Other bank balances  364  -     -     364  364 
Other Financial Assets  2,258  -     -     2,258  2,258 
Total  24,343  22,064  22,511  68,918  68,918 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 231 =====
228
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Particulars  Amortised 
Cost 
FVTPL  FVOCI  Total carrying 
value 
 Total fair 
value 
Financial liabilities
Trade payables  14,017  -     -     14,017  14,017 
Lease liability  212  -     -     212  212 
Other financial liabilities  2,842  -     -     2,842  2,842 
Total  17,071  -     -     17,071  17,071 
 The carr
ying value and fair value of financial instruments by categories as of 31st March, 2024
Particulars  Amortised 
Cost 
FVTPL  FVOCI  Total carrying 
value 
 Total fair 
value 
Financial assets
Investments  906  23,618  19,073  43,597  43,597 
Trade receivables  14,175  -     -     14,175  14,175 
Loans  112  -     -     112  112 
Cash and cash equivalents  825  -     -     825  825 
Other bank balances  656  -     -     656  656 
Other Financial Assets  162  -     -     162  162 
Total  16,836  23,618  19,073  59,527  59,527 
Financial liabilities
Trade payables  13,033  -     -     13,033  13,033 
Lease liability  294  -     -     294  294 
Other financial liabilities  2,549  -     -     2,549  2,549 
Total  15,876  -     -     15,876  15,876 
 
Fair value measurements
     
 (i)
 F
air value hierarchy
     
  Fina
ncial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in the statement of financial position are classified into 
three Levels of a fair value hierarchy. The three levels are defined based on the observability of significant inputs to 
the measurements:
     
 Le
vel 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
 
 Le
vel 2: Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly or indirectly observable
     
  Le
vel 3: Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable
 
 (ii)
 Financ
ial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL) on a recurring basis
Particulars Fair value  
hierarchy
As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Investments in Alternate Investment funds Level I  1,217  1,367 
Investments in equity shares Level I  2,180  1,299 
Investment in mutual funds and bonds Level II  18,667  20,952 
Total  22,064  23,618 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 232 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
229
Annual Report 2024-25
 (iii) Financ ial assets measured at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) on a recurring basis
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Fair value 
hierarchy
Valuation technique(s) and key 
input(s)
Unlisted equity 
instruments
 22,511  19,073 Level III The fair value is calculated based on 
the inputs for the assets that are not 
based on observable market data
  
Notes:
     
a)
 Le
vel 1: level 1 hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed 
equity instruments that have quoted price. The fair value of all equity instruments which are traded in the stock 
exchanges is valued using the closing price as at the reporting period
b)
  Le
vel 2: level 2 hierarchy includes mutual funds. The mutual funds are valued using the closing NAV provided by 
the fund management Company at the end of each reporting year.
     
c)
 Le
vel 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is 
included in level 3
     
d)
 The
 investments in unlisted equity  instruments are not held for trading. Instead, they are held for medium or 
long-term strategic purpose. Upon the application of Ind AS 109, the Company has chosen to designate these 
investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as the directors believe that this provides a more meaningful 
presentation for medium or long-term strategic investments, than reflecting changes in fair value immediately 
in profit or loss.
     
e)
 The
 Company has invested in the energy generating companies as per the regulation of Electricity Act. Although 
the investments are classified as “Equity” shares, as per IND AS 32 –”Financial Instruments, Presentation” the 
definition of “equity” requires an entitlement in the residual interest in net assets whereas the Company as per 
share holder agreement requires to transfer the shares at cost. However, no changes are given effect to the 
above as per IND AS 32, since the regulation of Electricity Act does not permit distribution in any other manner. 
IND AS 109 requires an equity share other than investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures to be 
valued at “Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income” if elected initially or valued at “Fair Value Through 
Profit and Loss Account”.  However, on account of what is stated in the previous paragraph, these shares are 
shown at cost and the fair value is deemed to be the cost.
     
f
)
 The
 Company has invested in the equity shares of Lucas TVS Limited. This investment is considered to be a 
level 3 fair valuation. Valuation technique used - Market Approach: Comparable companies Method (“CCM”) 
(EV/EBITDA Multiple i.e. Enterprise Value/Earnings Before Interest Tax Depreciation and Amortization multiple).
g)
 Sig
nificant unobservable inputs - EV/EBITDA Multiple at 8x (Previous Year - EV/EBITDA Multiple at 9x)
 Relationship
 of Unobservable Inputs to Fair Value - A slight increase or decrease in the multiple will result in 
an increase or decrease in the fair value. A decrease in the multiple by 0.5x would result in a decrease in the 
fair value by ` 1,350 Lakhs and an increase in the multiple by 0.5x would result in a increase in the fair value by  
` 1,350 Lakhs .
     
h)
 The
 Company has not disclosed the fair values for loans, cash and bank balances, trade receivables, other 
financial assets, trade payables, and other financial liabilities because their carrying amounts are a reasonable 
approximation to the fair value.
     
i)
 The
re have been no transfers between levels 1 and 2 during the year.
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 233 =====
230
India Nippon Electricals Limited
46 Financial risk management
Financial Risk Management Framework
 
Company
’s principal financial liabilities comprise  trade payables and Other financial liabilities. The main purpose of these 
financial liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations. The Company’s principal financial assets include Investments, Trade 
receivables, loans, cash and bank balances and other financial assets that derive directly from its operations
Risk Exposures and Responses
     
The 
Company is exposed to market risk, interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s 
senior management oversees the management of these risks. The Company’s senior management assesses the financial risks 
and the appropriate financial risk governance framework in accordance with the Company’s policies and risk objectives. The 
Board of Directors review and agree on policies for managing each of these risks, which are summarised below.
i)
 Cr
edit risk 
     
  Cr
edit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the 
Company. The Company has adopted policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and obtaining sufficient 
collateral, where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of financial loss from defaults. The Company only transacts 
with entities that are rated the equivalent of investment grade and above. The Company uses other publicly available 
financial information and its own trading records to rate its major customers. The Company’s exposure and the credit 
ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread 
amongst approved counterparties.
     
  T
rade receivables consist of a four to five major OEMs and large number of small customers, spread across diverse 
industries and geographical areas. Ongoing credit evaluation is performed on the financial condition of accounts receivable. 
At 31
st March, 2025, the Company did not consider there to be any significant concentration of credit risk which had not 
been adequately provided for. The carrying amount of the financial assets recorded in the financial statements represents 
the  maximum exposure to credit risk.
     
  Oth
er financial assets mainly comprises of rental deposits, security deposits and loans which are given to landlords or 
other governmental agencies in relation to contracts executed and related parties are assessed by the Company for credit 
risk on a continuous basis.
     
ii)
 Mark
et risk
     
  Mark
et risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in 
market prices.  Market prices comprise three types of risk i.e. interest rate risk, currency risk, and Commodity risk. 
 Inte
rest rate risk 
    
  The
 Company has no outstanding borrowings  and investment in bonds at fixed rates. Accordingly, no Interest risk rate is 
perceived.  
 F
oreign currency risk 
    
  F
oreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instruments will fluctuate because 
of changes in foreign exchange rates.  The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from transactions i.e. 
imports of materials, recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Company’s functional 
currency. The Company has not entered into any derivative contracts to hedge its foreign currency exposure during the 
reporting period.
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 234 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
231
Annual Report 2024-25
 The  year end foreign currency exposures that have not been hedged by a derivative instrument  or otherwise are as under:
Particulars Currency 31st March, 2025 31st March, 2024
 Amount 
in Foreign 
Currency 
 Amount in `  Amount 
in Foreign 
Currency 
 Amount in `
Trade Receivables EUR  2  174  2  189 
USD  17  1,483  8  692 
Trade Payables GBP  -     -     -  8 
USD  7  579  3  289 
JPY  -     -     47  27 
CNY  52  609  26  308 
Foreign currency sensitivity
Particulars Currency 31st March, 2025 31st March, 2024
Increase Decrease Increase Decrease
Effect on profit before tax EUR  8.89  (8.89)  9.43  (9.43)
Increase/(Decrease) of 5% USD  45.31  (45.31)  20.29  (20.29)
JPY  -     -     (1.34)  1.34 
CNY  (30.48)  30.48  (15.40)  15.40 
GBP  -     -     (0.39)  0.39 
Commodity Risk 
    
The 
Company has commodity price risk, primarily related to the purchases  of Steel, Aluminium and Copper. However, the 
Company do not bear significant exposure to earnings risk, as such changes are included in the rate-recovery mechanisms 
with the customers.
       
iii)
 Liquidity ris
k 
     
The 
Company’s principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents and the cash flow that is generated from 
operations. The Company has no outstanding bank borrowings. The Company believes that the working capital is 
sufficient to meet its current requirements. Accordingly, no liquidity risk is perceived.
The tables below set out the maturities of the Company’s financial liabilities:
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 Total
Up to 1 year 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years 5 years and 
above
Trade payables  14,017  -     -     -     14,017 
Lease Liability  109  130  -     -     239 
Other financial liabilities  2,842  -     -     -     2,842 
Total  16,968  130  -     -     17,098 
Particulars As at 31st March, 2024 Total
Up to 1 year 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years 5 years and 
above
Trade payables  13,033  -     -     -     13,033 
Lease Liability  108  239  -     -     347 
Other financial liabilities  2,549  -     -     -     2,549 
Total  15,690  239  -     -     15,929 
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 235 =====
232
India Nippon Electricals Limited
47 Additional regulatory information as required by Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
a)
 The
 Company does not have any benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the 
Company for holding any benami property.
b)
 The
 Company did not have any transactions with companies struck off.
    
c)
 The
 Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory 
period.
    
d)
 The
 Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year.
 
e)
 The
 Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(intermediaries) with the understanding that the intermediary shall:
    
 (i) 
  dir
ectly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Company ( ultimate beneficiaries) or
    
 (ii) 
 pr
ovide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries
f)
 The
 Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (funding party) with 
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
    
 (i) 
  dir
ectly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or 
    
 (ii) 
 pr
ovide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries,
    
g)
 The
 Company does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of account that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or 
any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
    
h)
 The
 Company has not been declared willful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or other lender.
 
i)
 The
 Company does not have any scheme of arrangements which have been approved by the competent authority in terms 
of sections 230 to 237 of the Act.
    
j)
 The
 Company has complied with the  number of layers prescribed under of Section 2(87) of the Act read with the Companies 
(Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.  
    
k)
 The
 Company has no borrowings, accordingly no return is required to be furnished on periodical basis to banks, financial 
institutions or others.
48 Audit Trial:
The Company has deployed various accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the year ended 31 st March, 
2025, which have a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all 
relevant transactions recorded in the software except that audit trail feature was not enabled at the database level to log any 
direct data changes with respect to Payroll software.. This has not resulted in any impact on the operating effectiveness of 
the Company’s internal financial controls. Adequate alternate control exists to ensure that the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting have operated effectively throughout the financial year. The audit trail that was enabled and operated for 
the year ended 31
st March, 2024, has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 236 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
233
Annual Report 2024-25
49 Material reclassification:
Pursuant to the opinion issued by the Expert Advisory Committee (EAC) of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India in 
February 2025, the Company has reclassified employee-related payables pertaining to the previous year, amounting to ` 788 
Lakhs, from ‘Trade Payables’ to ‘Other Financial Liabilities’ to ensure alignment with the presentation requirements under Ind 
AS and Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013.
    
50 Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments covered under Section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013 :
(i) 
 Adv
ances in the nature of loans given to Companies as at 31st March, 2025: ` Nil (As at 31st March, 2024: ` Nil)
(ii) 
  Det
ails of investments made under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 are disclosed in Note 8. There are no loans/
guarantees issued under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules issued thereunder.
 
51 Analytical ratios
Ratio Current year Previous year % Variance Remarks @
Current ratio  2.38  2.49 (4.40%) Not applicable
Return on equity 12% 10% 22.72% Not applicable
Inventory turnover ratio  8.12  7.98 1.73% Not applicable
Trade receivables turnover ratio  5.43  5.54 (2.13%) Not applicable
Trade payables turnover ratio  4.26  4.39 (2.83%) Not applicable
Net working capital turnover ratio  3.34  2.86 16.98% Not applicable
Net profit ratio 9.71% 8.19% 18.56% Not applicable
Return on capital employed 14% 12% 19.25% Not applicable
Return on investment* 14% 15% (6.57%) Not applicable
Ratio Numerator Denominator
Current Ratio Current Assets Current liabilities
Return On Equity Profit available for Equity shareholders Average Shareholder's Equity
Inventory Turnover Ratio COGS Average inventory
Trade Receivables Turnover Ratio Net credit sales (net of sales returns) Average accounts receivable
Trade Payables Turnover Ratio Net credit purchases (net of purchase 
returns)
Average trade payables
Net Capital Turnover Ratio Net sales Net working capital
Net Profit Ratio PAT Net sales 
Return On Capital Employed PBIT (Tangible net worth = Total assets-
Intangible assets-Total liabilities ) 
(though investments are not tangible, 
they are generally included while 
computing tangible net worth )
Return On Investment Income generated on Investments Average Investments*
* Due to practical difficulties in arriving at the time weighted average investments, yearly average of investments is considered.
@ Explanations are provided for any change in the ratio by more than 25% as compared to 31
st March, 2024
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 237 =====
234
India Nippon Electricals Limited
52 Approval of Financial Statements
The Board of Directors have also reviewed the realizable value of all the current assets of the Company and have confirmed 
that the value of such assets in the ordinary course of business will not be less than the value at which these are recognised 
in the standalone financial statements. In addition, the Board has also confirmed the carrying value of the non-current assets 
in the financial statements. The Board, duly taking into account all the relevant disclosures made, has approved these financial 
statements at its meeting held on 30
th May, 2025.     
53 Events after the reporting period
No adjusting or significant non-adjusting events have occurred since the reporting date.
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
India Nippon Electricals Limited
CIN:  L31901TN1984PLC011021
T K Balaji                              Arvind Balaji
Chairman                            Managing Director
DIN:00002010 DIN:00557711
Elango Srinivasan S Logitha
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: Chennai
Date: 30
th May, 2025
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 238 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
235
Annual Report 2024-25
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To The Members of India Nippon Electricals Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
OPINION
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial 
statements of India Nippon Electricals Limited (the ”Parent”) 
and its subsidiary, (the Parent and its subsidiary  together  
referred  to  as the  “Group”), which comprise the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet as at  31
st March 2025, and the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive 
Income, the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, the 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year 
ended on that date, and notes to the financial statements, 
including a summary of material accounting policies and 
other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the 
Act, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of 
the Group as at 31
st March  2025, and their consolidated 
profit, their consolidated total comprehensive income, their 
consolidated cash flows and their consolidated changes in 
equity for the year ended on that date. 
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
(“SA”s) specified under Section 143 (10) of the Act. 
Our responsibilities under those Standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We 
are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code 
of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements 
that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules 
made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence 
obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements. 
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements of the current period. 
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and 
in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters. we have determined the 
matters described below to be the key audit matters to be 
communicated in our report.
Sr. 
No.
Key Audit Matter Auditor’s Response
1 Fair valuation of Investments
The Company has certain investments in equity shares 
(unquoted equity instruments) with a carrying value as 
at 31
st March 2025 amounting to Rs. 22,468 lakhs. The 
Company has valued this investment at ‘Fair Value through 
Other Comprehensive Income’ in accordance with Indian 
Accounting Standard 109, Financial Instruments. 
The valuation of these investments is a focus area of our 
audit as it is highly dependent on estimates (including 
various assumptions and techniques used) which contain 
information that are not observable in the market. Given 
the inherent subjectivity in the valuation of the above 
investments, relative significance of these investments to 
the financial statements and the nature and extent of audit 
procedures involved, we determined this to be a key audit 
matter.
(Refer note 8 to the consolidated financial statements) 
Principal audit procedures performed included the following:
•
 Und
erstanding and evaluation of design and 
testing of operating effectiveness of the controls 
over determination of fair value of unquoted equity 
instruments. 
•
 Ass
ess the appropriateness of the Company’s 
accounting policy for accounting for such unquoted 
equity instruments and the method adopted to 
determine fair value of such instruments, with reference 
to the relevant accounting standards.
•
 Ass
essing the basis and reasonableness of the input 
data considered by the Management for the purposes 
of the valuation as at the balance sheet date.
•
 P
erform a look back analysis to ascertain whether 
the input data and assumptions considered by the 
Management in the past is within a reasonable range 
when compared to the actual results of such input 
data. 
===== PAGE 239 =====
236
India Nippon Electricals Limited
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
Sr. 
No.
Key Audit Matter Auditor’s Response
•
 E
valuation of competence, capabilities and objectivity 
of the Management personnel involved in carrying out 
such valuation. 
•
 Eng
aging our fair valuation expert to test the 
appropriateness of the Management’s underlying 
assumptions and appropriateness of the valuation 
method used by the Management.
•
 T
esting the mathematical accuracy of the fair value 
determined by the Company. 
•
 Ass
essing appropriateness and adequacy of relevant 
disclosures in the Consolidated financial statements. 
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
•
 The
 Parent’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
other information. The other information comprises 
the information included in the annual report, but does 
not include the consolidated financial statements, 
standalone financial statements and our auditor’s 
report thereon.
•
 Our 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements 
does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
•
 In 
connection with our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements, our responsibility is to read 
the other information and consider whether the 
other information is materially inconsistent with the 
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. 
•
 If, based 
on the work we have performed, we conclude 
that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND BOARD 
OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
 
The 
Parent’s Company’s Board of Directors is responsible 
for the matters stated in Section  134(5) of the  Act 
with  respect  to  the  preparation  of  these  consolidated  
financial statements that give a true and fair view of the 
consolidated financial position, consolidated financial 
performance including other comprehensive income, 
consolidated cash flows and consolidated changes in equity 
of the Group in accordance with the accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, including Ind AS specified under 
Section 133 of the Act. The respective Board of Directors 
of the companies included in the Group are responsible for 
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets 
of the Group and for preventing and detecting frauds  
and  other  irregularities;  selection  and  application  of  
appropriate accounting policies;  making  judgments  and  
estimates  that  are  reasonable  and prudent; and design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls, that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the  
financial statements that give a true and fair view and are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation 
of the consolidated financial statements by the Directors of 
the Parent Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated  financial statements, the 
respective Management and Board of Directors of the 
companies included in the Group are responsible for 
assessing the  ability of the respective entities to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters 
related to going concern and using the going concern basis 
of accounting unless the respective Board of Directors 
either intend to liquidate their respective entities or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are also responsible for overseeing the financial 
reporting process of the Group. 
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE AUDIT OF THE 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole 
===== PAGE 240 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
237
Annual Report 2024-25
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated 
financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
•
 Iden
tify and assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or 
the override of internal control.
•
 Obt
ain an understanding of internal financial controls 
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under 
Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for 
expressing our opinion on whether the Parent Company 
has adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to consolidated financial statements in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls.
•
 E
valuate the appropriateness of accounting policies 
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by the management.
•
 Con
clude on the appropriateness of management’s use 
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions 
that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the 
Group to continue as a going concern. If we conclude 
that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to 
draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related 
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify 
our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. 
However, future events or conditions may cause the 
Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•
  E valuate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the consolidated financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
•
 Obt
ain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding 
the financial information of the entities or business 
activities within the Group to express an opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements. We are responsible 
for the direction, supervision and performance of 
the audit of the financial statements of such entities 
or business activities included in the consolidated 
financial statements of which we are the independent 
auditors. 
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the 
consolidated financial statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions 
of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the consolidated 
financial statements may be influenced. We consider 
quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning 
the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results 
of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified 
misstatements in the consolidated financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of 
the Parent Company and such other entities included in 
the consolidated financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal 
financial controls that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of 
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, 
we determine that a matter should not be communicated 
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing 
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public 
interest benefits of such communication.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
===== PAGE 241 =====
238
India Nippon Electricals Limited
OTHER MATTERS
(a)
 W
e did not audit the financial information of one 
subsidiary, whose financial information reflect total assets 
of Rs.428 lakh as at 31 st March 2025, total revenues of Rs. 
Nil and net cash inflows amounting to Rs.17 lakh for the 
year ended on that date, as considered in the consolidated 
financial statements. This financial information is unaudited 
and has been furnished to us by the Management and our 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far 
as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included with 
respect of this subsidiary is based solely on such unaudited 
financial information. In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us by the Management, 
this financial information is not material to the Group.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements above 
and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
below, is not modified in respect of the above matters 
with respect to the financial information certified by the 
Management.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
1.
  As 
required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our 
audit we report, that:
a)
 W
e have sought and obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our 
knowledge and belief were necessary for the 
purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements. 
b)
 In our opinion, 
proper books of account as required 
by law maintained by the Group including relevant 
records relating to preparation of the aforesaid 
consolidated financial statements have been 
kept so far as it appears from our examination 
of those books except for not complying with the 
requirement of audit trail as stated in (i)(vi) below.
c)
 The
 Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss including Other 
Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows and the Consolidated 
Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this 
Report are in agreement with the relevant books of 
account maintained for the purpose of preparation 
of the consolidated financial statements.
d)
 In 
our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial 
statements comply with the Ind AS specified 
under Section 133 of the Act. 
e)
 On 
the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors of the Parent Company as on 
31
st March 2025 taken on record by the Board of 
Directors of the Company, none of the directors 
of the Group incorporated in India is disqualified 
as on 31
st March 2025 from being appointed as a 
director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
f)
 The
 modifications relating to the maintenance of 
accounts and other matters connected therewith, 
are as stated in paragraph (b) above.
g)
 With r
espect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our 
separate Report in “Annexure A” which is based 
on the auditors’ reports of the Parent. Our report 
expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy 
and operating effectiveness of internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements of those companies. 
h)
 With 
respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the 
requirements of Section 197(16) of the Act, as 
amended, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations 
given to us the remuneration paid by the Parent 
Company to its directors during the year is in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of 
the Act.
i)
 With 
respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of 
our information and according to the explanations 
given to us: 
i)
 The
 consolidated financial statements 
disclose the impact of pending litigations 
on the consolidated financial position of the 
Group - Refer Note 43 to the consolidated 
financial statements; 
ii)
 The
 Group did not have any material 
foreseeable losses on long-term contracts 
including derivative contracts. 
iii)
 The
re has been no delay in transferring 
amounts, required to be transferred, to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund by 
the Parent. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
===== PAGE 242 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
239
Annual Report 2024-25
iv) (a)    The Management of the Parent 
Company, whose financial statements 
have been audited under the Act, have 
represented to us, to the best of their 
knowledge and belief, as disclosed 
in the note 47 to the consolidated 
financial statements, no funds have 
been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the Parent Company or 
subsidiary to or in any other person(s) 
or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities  (“Intermediaries”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Parent or subsidiary, 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 (b)
 The 
Management of the Parent 
Company have represented to us , 
to the best of their knowledge and 
belief, as disclosed in the note 47 to 
the consolidated financial statements, 
no funds   have been received by the 
Parent Company from any person(s) 
or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Parent 
Company or Subsidiary Company shall, 
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 (c)
 Based
 on the audit procedures 
performed that have been considered 
reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances performed by us nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused 
to believe that the representations under 
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), 
as provided under (a) and (b) above, 
contain any material misstatement.
v)
  The  interim dividend proposed in the current 
year, declared and paid by the Parent whose 
financial statements have been audited under 
the Act, during the year is in accordance with 
section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
vi)
 Based 
on our examination, which included 
test checks, the Parent has used accounting 
software’s for maintaining its books of 
account for the financial year ended 31
st 
March 2025, which has a feature of recording 
audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has 
operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software’s 
except that
In respect of one accounting software used for 
maintaining payroll records, the audit trail feature 
was not enabled at the database level to log any 
direct data changes and accordingly we are unable 
to comment whether there were any instances of 
the audit trail feature being tampered with.
Further, during the course of our audit, we did not 
come across any instance of the audit trail feature 
being tampered with, in respect of accounting 
software for the period for which the audit trail 
feature was enabled and operating.
Additionally, the audit trail that was enabled and 
operated for the year ended 31
st March 2024, has 
been preserved by the Parent as per the statutory 
requirements for record retention, as stated in 
Note 48 to the consolidated financial statements.
2.
  With 
respect to the matters specified in Clause (xxi) 
of paragraph 3 and paragraph 4 of the Companies 
(Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by 
the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of 
the Act, according to the information and explanations 
given to us, and based on the audit report under section 
143 issued by us, we report that CARO is applicable 
only to the Parent and not to any other company 
included in the consolidated financial statements. We 
have not reported any qualification or adverse remark 
in the CARO report of the Parent Company.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) 
R. Prasanna Venkatesh
Partner
Place: Chennai Membership No.214045   
Date:  30
th May 2025 UDIN: 25214045BMNWIA1245
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
===== PAGE 243 =====
240
India Nippon Electricals Limited
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
(Referred to in paragraph 1(g) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report 
of even date) 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to 
consolidated financial statements under Clause (i) of Sub-
section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the 
“Act”)
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements of the Company as at and for the year 
ended 31
st March 2025, we have audited the internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements 
of India Nippon Electricals Limited (hereinafter referred to as 
the “Parent”), as of that date.
MANAGEMENT’S AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ 
RESPONSIBILITIES FOR INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The management and Board of Directors of the Parent 
are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements based on the “internal control with reference to 
consolidated financial statements criteria established by the 
Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”)”. 
These responsibilities include the design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls 
that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly 
and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence 
to the Parent’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the 
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable financial information, as required 
under the Companies Act, 2013.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Parent’s 
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements based on our audit. We conducted 
our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
(the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing, 
prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies 
Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to consolidated financial statements was established and 
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all 
material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements 
and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements included obtaining an understanding of internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed 
risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s 
judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Parent’s internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements.
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH 
REFERENCE TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
A company’s internal financial control with reference to 
consolidated financial statements is a process designed 
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements 
for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal 
financial control with reference to consolidated financial 
statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) 
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide 
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as 
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorisations of 
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide 
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of 
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on 
the financial statements.
===== PAGE 244 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
241
Annual Report 2024-25
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper management 
override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference 
to consolidated financial statements to future periods are 
subject to the risk that the internal financial control with 
reference to consolidated financial statements may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the 
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
OPINION
In  our opinion to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the Parent, has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements and such 
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements were operating effectively as at 31
st 
March 2025, based on “the internal control with reference 
to consolidated financial statements  criteria established 
by the Company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India”.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) 
R. Prasanna Venkatesh
Partner
Place: Chennai Membership No.214045   
Date:  30
th May 2025 UDIN: 25214045BMNWIA1245
===== PAGE 245 =====
242
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at 31st March, 2025
Particulars Note No. As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 4  14,372  13,117 
Right-of-use assets 7  997  1,088 
Capital work-in-progress 5  366  1,274 
Intangible assets 6A  78  113 
Intangible assets Under development 6B  19  32 
Financial Assets
(i)
 
Investments 8  32,814  25,078 
(ii)
 
Loans 9  117  112 
(iii)
 Oth
ers financial assets 10  1,416  96 
Other non-current assets 11  52  -   
Total non-current assets  50,231  40,910 
Current assets
Inventories 12  7,221  6,917 
Financial Assets
(i)
 
Investments 8  14,433  18,108 
(ii)
 T
rade receivables 13  16,965  14,175 
(iii)
 Cash and cas
h equivalents 14  2,001  1,235 
(iv)
 Ban
k balances other than (iii) above 14  364  656 
(v)
 Oth
ers financial assets 15  842  66 
Current tax assets, net 16  781  527 
Other current assets 17  1,050  1,109 
Total current assets  43,657  42,793 
Total assets  93,888  83,703 
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Equity share capital 18  1,131  1,131 
Other equity 19  69,987  61,194 
Equity - Total  71,118  62,325 
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Financial Liabilities
(i)
 Lea
se Liabilities 20  127  212 
Provisions 21  386  363 
Deferred tax liabilities, net 22  3,912  3,769 
Total non-current liabilities  4,425  4,344 
Current Liabilities
Financial Liabilities
(i)
 Lea
se Liabilities 20  84  82 
(ii)
 T
rade payables 23
Total outstanding dues to micro enterprises and small enterprises  5,211  4,333 
Total outstanding dues to other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 8,806  8,700 
(iii)
 Oth
ers financial liabilities 24  2,843  2,549 
Provisions 25  176  198 
Other current liabilities 26  1,225  1,172 
Total current liabilities  18,345  17,034 
Total equity and liabilities  93,888  83,703 
Notes 1 to 53 form an integral part of these Consolidated financial statements
In terms of our report attached
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Chartered Accountants India Nippon Electricals Limited
Firm's Registration No. 117366W/W-100018 CIN:  L31901TN1984PLC011021
R. Prasanna Venkatesh T K Balaji                              Arvind Balaji 
Partner Chairman                            Managing Director 
Membership No. 214045 DIN:00002010 DIN:00557711 
Elango Srinivasan S Logitha 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
Place: Chennai Place: Chennai
Date: 30th May, 2025 Date: 30th May, 2025
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 246 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
243
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes 1 to 53 form an integral part of these Consolidated financial statements
In terms of our report attached
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Chartered Accountants India Nippon Electricals Limited
Firm's Registration No. 117366W/W-100018 CIN:  L31901TN1984PLC011021
R. Prasanna Venkatesh T K Balaji                              Arvind Balaji 
Partner Chairman                            Managing Director 
Membership No. 214045 DIN:00002010 DIN:00557711 
Elango Srinivasan S Logitha 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
Place: Chennai Place: Chennai
Date: 30th May, 2025 Date: 30th May, 2025
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
for the year ended 31st March, 2025
Particulars Note 
No.
Year ended  
31st March, 2025 
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Revenue from operations 27  84,483  72,408 
Other income 28  3,011  2,487 
Total income  87,494  74,895 
Expenses:
Cost of material consumed 29  54,869  47,550 
Purchase of stock in trade 30  2,928  2,438 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock 
in trade 31  (428)  (35)
Other operating expenses 32  3,546  2,900 
Employee benefit expenses 33  9,853  8,797 
Finance costs 34  39  39 
Depreciation and amortisation expenses 35  2,056  1,509 
Other expenses 36  4,338  4,119 
Total expenses  77,201  67,317 
Profit before tax  10,293  7,578 
Tax expenses
(1)
 Curr
ent year 38  1,989  1,642 
(2)
 Def
erred tax 22  76  6 
Total tax expenses  2,065  1,648 
Profit for the year  8,228  5,930 
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 37  3,454  3,377 
- Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  (67)  (778)
Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  3,387  2,599 
Total comprehensive income for the year  11,615  8,529 
Profits attributable to :
a)
 Owners of the Company  8,228  5,930 
b)
 Non
 controlling interest  -    -   
Total Comprehensive income attributable to 
a)
 Owners of the Company  11,615  8,529 
b)
 Non
 controlling interest  -    -   
Earnings per equity share 42
Basic  36.37  26.21 
Diluted  36.37  26.21 
Nominal value of equity shares (in rupees)  5.00  5.00 
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 247 =====
244
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2025 
 Year ended  
31st March, 2024 
Cash flows from Operating Activities:
Net Profit after tax  8,228  5,930 
Adjustments for  
- Income tax expenses  2,065  1,648 
- Depreciation and amortization expenses  2,056  1,509 
- Dividend income from investments  (435)  (194)
- Interest Income  (300)  (179)
- (Loss) / Gain on fair valuation of investments  (860)  (1,334)
- Gain on sale of investments(net)  (1,276)  (551)
- Provision no longer required written back  (7)  -   
- Property, plant and equipment written off  7  -   
- Interest expenses  39  39 
- Unrealised forex gain, net  (44)  (145)
Operating Profit before Working Capital changes  9,473  6,723 
- Decrease / (increase) in loans  (5)  6 
- Decrease / (increase) in other non-current financial assets  (20)  (17)
- Decrease / (increase) in trade receivables  (2,936)  (2,083)
- Decrease / (increase) in Inventories  (304)  (1,311)
- Decrease / (Increase) in other financial assets  (576)  67 
- Decrease / (Increase) in other current assets  59  (341)
- Increase / (Decrease) in trade payables  1,160  3,349 
- Increase / (Decrease) in other financial liabilities  294  2,283 
- Increase / (Decrease) in other current liabilities  53  (997)
- Increase / (Decrease) in non-current provisions  23  42 
- Increase / (Decrease) in current provisions  (22)  113 
Cash generated from operations  7,199  7,834 
Income taxes paid, net  (2,243)  (1,565)
Net cash generated from operating activities: (A)  4,956  6,269 
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchase of property, plant and equipment (including CWIP and adjustment of 
capital advance)  (2,325)  (2,399)
Acquisition of investments  (72,467)  (70,763)
Proceeds from sale of investments  73,817  68,517 
Proceeds from venture capital fund  243  -   
Interest received  290  251 
Dividend received  435  194 
(Increase)/decrease in deposits with NBFC  (1,300)  -   
(Increase)/decrease in deposits with bank with maturity more than 12 months  (200)  -   
(Increase)/decrease in other bank balances  292  340 
Net cash used in investing activities (B)  (1,215)  (3,860)
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 248 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
245
Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2025 
 Year ended  
31st March, 2024 
Cash flows from Financing Activities:
Payment of lease liabilities  (108)  (103)
Interest expenses  (39)  (39)
Dividend paid  (2,828)  (2,318)
Net Cash used in Financing Activities (C)  (2,975)  (2,460)
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  766  (51)
Add : Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  1,235  1,286 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  2,001  1,235 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise of:
Balance with banks in current accounts  2,001  1,235 
Cash and cash equivalents as per note 14  2,001  1,235 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
Notes 1 to 53 form an integral part of these Consolidated financial statements
In terms of our report attached
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Chartered Accountants India Nippon Electricals Limited
Firm's Registration No. 117366W/W-100018 CIN:  L31901TN1984PLC011021
R. Prasanna Venkatesh T K Balaji                              Arvind Balaji 
Partner Chairman                            Managing Director 
Membership No. 214045 DIN:00002010 DIN:00557711 
Elango Srinivasan S Logitha 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
Place: Chennai Place: Chennai
Date: 30th May, 2025 Date: 30th May, 2025
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 249 =====
246
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Equity Share Capital
Particulars  No.of.Shares  Amount 
Balances as at 31st March, 2024  2,26,21,424  1,131 
Balances as at 31st March, 2025  2,26,21,424  1,131 
Particulars Balance at the beginning 
of the current reporting 
period 
 Changes in equity share 
capital during the year  
Balance at the end of the 
current reporting period 
As at 31st March, 2024  1,131  -    1,131 
As at 31st March, 2025  1,131  -     1,131 
Other Equity
Particulars  Reserves and surplus Other comprehensive 
income
 Total other 
equity 
attributable to 
equity share 
holder 
 Non-
controlling 
interest 
 Total 
 Capital 
redemption 
reserve 
 Retained 
earnings 
General 
reserve 
 Foreign 
currency 
translation 
reserves 
 Other items 
of other 
comprehensive 
income 
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  40  34,591  10,948  (104)  9,427  54,902  -     54,902 
Profits for the year  -    5,930  -    -    -    5,930  -    5,930 
Other comprehensive income  -    -    -    -    2,599  2,599  -    2,599 
Dividend paid  -    (2,318)  -    -    -    (2,318)  -    (2,318)
Foreign currency translation  -    -    -    81  -    81  -    81 
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  40  38,203  10,948  (23)  12,026  61,194  -     61,194 
Profits for the year  -    8,228  -    -    -    8,228  -    8,228 
Other comprehensive income  -    -    -    -    3,387  3,387  -    3,387 
Dividend paid  -    (2,828)  -    -    -    (2,828)  -    (2,828)
Foreign currency translation  -    -    -    6  -    6  -    6 
Balance as of 31st March, 2025  40  43,603  10,948  (17)  15,413  69,987  69,987 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
Notes 1 to 53 form an integral part of these Consolidated financial statements
In terms of our report attached
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Chartered Accountants India Nippon Electricals Limited
Firm's Registration No. 117366W/W-100018 CIN:  L31901TN1984PLC011021
R. Prasanna Venkatesh T K Balaji                              Arvind Balaji 
Partner Chairman                            Managing Director 
Membership No. 214045 DIN:00002010 DIN:00557711 
Elango Srinivasan S Logitha 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
Place: Chennai Place: Chennai
Date: 30th May, 2025 Date: 30th May, 2025
===== PAGE 250 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
247
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025
1 General Information
India Nippon Electricals Ltd. (“the Company”) is a 
public limited company incorporated and domiciled 
in India under the provisions of Companies Act and 
has its registered office at No.11 & 13, Patullos Road, 
Chennai-600 002, Tamilnadu, India. The Company is 
a leading manufacturer of Ignition Systems for auto 
industry with special focus on two-wheeler industry. 
In addition to the support from the collaborators, the 
Company has a  developed Research & Development 
centre recognised by DSIR, Govt of India.  The Company 
has three manufacturing facilities and Technical centre 
in India and supplies to domestic as well as overseas 
markets. The company became subsidiary of Lucas 
Indian Service Limited with effect from 30 March 2022. 
The shares of the Company are listed on the BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.  
2 Summary of material accounting policies
2.1
 Basis of pr
eparation of financial statements
The Consolidated financial statements of the Company 
have been prepared and presented in accordance 
with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as per 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015 and Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) 
Amendment Rules, 2016 as notified under section 133 
of Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and other relevant 
provisions of the Act. These financial statements 
have been prepared on a historical cost convention on 
accrual basis, except for certain financial assets and 
financial liabilities (including derivative instruments), 
which are measured at fair value.
Accounting policies have been consistently applied 
except where a newly issued accounting standard is 
initially adopted or a revision to an existing accounting 
standard requires a change in the accounting policy 
hitherto in use.
Certain comparative figures have been reclassified, 
wherever necessary, to conform to the presentation 
adopted in the financial statements. These 
reclassifications were not significant and have no 
impact on the total assets, total liabilities, total equity 
and profit of the Company.
The Company presents assets and liabilities in 
the balance sheet based on current / non-current 
classification. The operating cycle is the time between 
the acquisition of assets for processing and their 
realization in cash and cash equivalents. The Company 
has identified twelve months as its operating cycle. 
Cash or cash equivalent is treated as current, unless 
restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a 
liability for at least twelve months after the reporting 
period. In respect of other assets, it is treated as current 
when it is:
i) 
 expected 
to be realized or intended to be sold or 
consumed in the normal operating cycle
ii) 
 held
 primarily for the purpose of trading
iii)  expected 
to be realized within twelve months after 
the reporting period.
A liability is treated as current when:
i) 
 
 it is expecte
d to be settled in the normal operating 
cycle 
ii) 
 it is held pri
marily for the purpose of trading
iii)  
 it is due 
to be settled within twelve months after 
the reporting period, or
iv)  
 the
re is no unconditional right to defer the 
settlement of the liability for at least twelve 
months after the reporting period.
All other assets and liabilities are classified as non-
current. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified 
as non-current assets and liabilities.
The financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees 
which is also the Company’s functional currency. All 
amounts have been rounded off to the nearest Lakhs, 
except share data and as otherwise stated
2.2
  Critical accounting 
estimates, assumptions and 
judgements
The preparation of financial statements requires 
management to make certain estimates and 
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in 
the financial statements and notes thereto. The 
management believes that these estimates and 
assumptions are reasonable and prudent. However, 
actual results could differ from these estimates. 
Any revision to accounting estimates is recognised 
prospectively in the current and future period.
(All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 251 =====
248
India Nippon Electricals Limited
i)     Estimation of fair value of unlisted securities - The 
fair value of  unlisted securities  is determined 
using the valuation techniques. The company 
uses its judgement to select the methods and 
make assumptions at end of each reporting 
period. The inputs to these models are taken from 
observable markets where possible, but where this 
is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required 
in establishing fair values. Judgements include 
considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, 
credit risk and volatility. Changes in assumptions 
about these factors could affect the reported fair 
value of financial instruments.
ii)  
  Defined 
benefit obligation - The cost of the defined 
benefit plans and the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation are based on actuarial valuation 
using the projected unit credit method. An actuarial 
valuation involves making various assumptions 
that may differ from actual developments in the 
future. These include the determination of the 
discount rate, future salary increases, etc. Due to 
the complexities involved in the valuation and its 
long term nature, a defined benefit obligation is 
highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. 
All assumptions are reviewed at each Balance 
Sheet date.
iii) 
  
Impairment testing   - Property, plant and 
equipment and Intangible assets are tested for 
impairment when events occur or changes in 
circumstances indicate that the recoverable 
amount of the cash generating unit is less than its 
carrying value. The recoverable amount of cash 
generating units is higher of value-in-use and fair 
value less cost to sell. The calculation involves use 
of significant estimates and assumptions which 
includes turnover and earnings multiples, growth 
rates and net margins used to calculate projected 
future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rate, 
future economic and market conditions.
iv) 
  Estimation 
and evaluation of provisions and 
contingencies relating to tax litigation - Provision 
for tax liabilities require judgements on the 
interpretation of tax legislation, developments in 
case law and the potential outcomes of tax audits 
and appeals which may be subject to significant 
uncertainty. Therefore the actual results may vary 
from expectations resulting in adjustments to 
provisions, the valuation of deferred tax assets, 
cash tax settlements and therefore the tax charge 
in the statement of profit or loss.
v) 
  Estimation W
arranty claims -  Provision is made 
for estimated warranty claims in respect of 
product sold which are still under warranty at 
the end of the reporting period. The claims are 
expected to be settled in the next financial year. 
The company estimates the provision based on 
historical warranty claim information and any 
recent trends that may suggest future claims 
could differ from the historical amounts.
vi) 
  Useful liv
es of property, plant and equipment(‘PPE’) 
and intangible assets: The Company reviews 
the useful life of property, plant and equipment 
& intangible assets at the end of each reporting 
period. This reassessment may result in change in 
depreciation expense in future periods.
vii) 
  Def
erred income tax assets and liabilities: As Ind 
AS 12 considers deferred tax from the perspective 
of temporary differences between the carrying 
amount and tax base of assets and liabilities, the 
standard can be said to focus on the statement of 
financial position.
2.3
 Re
venue Recognition
To determine whether to recognise revenue from 
contracts with customers, the Company follows a 
5-step process
- 
 Iden
tifying the contract with customer
- 
 Iden
tifying the performance obligations
- 
 Det
ermining the transaction price
-  
 Allocating 
the transaction price to the performance 
obligations
-
  Recognising
 revenue when/as performance 
obligation(s) are satisfied
Revenue from contracts with customers for products 
sold and service provided is recognised when control 
of promised products or services are transferred to the 
customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to 
which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange 
for those goods or services. Revenue is measured based 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 252 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
249
Annual Report 2024-25
on the consideration to which the Company expects to 
be entitled in a contract with a customer and excludes 
Goods and services taxes and is net of  rebates and 
discounts. No element of financing is deemed present 
as the sales are made with a credit term of 60-90 days, 
which is consistent with market practice. A receivable 
is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is 
the point in time that the consideration is unconditional 
because only the passage of time is required before the 
payment is due. 
 i) 
 Sale o
f product
 
 Re
venue is recognized upon transfer of control 
of promised products or services to customers 
in an amount that reflects the consideration we 
expect to receive in exchange for those products 
or services. Revenue is reduced for estimated 
customer returns, rebates and other similar 
allowances.
 
 The
 Company accounts for volume discounts and 
pricing incentives to customers as a reduction of 
revenue based on the relatable allocation of the 
discounts/ incentives to each of the underlying 
performance obligation that corresponds to 
the progress by the customer towards earning 
the discount/ incentive. Also, when the level of 
discount varies with increases in levels of revenue 
transactions, the Company recognizes the liability 
based on its estimate of the customer’s future 
purchases. If it is probable that the criteria for the 
discount will not be met, or if the amount thereof 
cannot be estimated reliably, then discount is not 
recognized until the payment is probable and the 
amount can be estimated reliably. The Company 
recognizes changes in the estimated amount of 
obligations for discounts in the period in which the 
change occurs.
 ii)
 Inter
est income
 
 Generally
, interest income from debt instruments 
is recognised using the effective interest rate 
method. The effective interest rate is the rate that 
exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts 
through the expected life of  the financial asset 
to the gross carrying value of a financial asset.  
While calculating the effective interest rate, the 
Company estimates the expected cash flows 
by considering all the contractual terms of the 
financial instrument (for example, prepayment, 
extension, call and similar options), but does not 
consider the expected credit losses.
 iii)
 Dividends
 
 Dividends 
are recognised in profit or loss only 
when the right to receive payment is established, it 
is probable that the economic benefits associated 
with the dividend will flow to the Company, and the 
amount of dividend can be reliably measured.
 iv)
 Expor
t benefits
 
 Expor
t incentives are recognised as income as per 
the terms of the scheme in respect of the exports 
made and included as part of other operating 
income.
2.4
 Pr
operty, plant and equipment
 i)
 Plant a
nd equipment
 
 Cost includ
es purchase price, taxes and duties, 
labour cost and directly attributable overheads 
incurred up to the date the asset is ready for its 
intended use. However, cost excludes Goods and 
service taxes, to the extent credit of the duty or 
tax is availed of. Subsequent costs are included 
in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as 
a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is 
probable that future economic benefits associated 
with the item will flow to the Company and the 
cost of the item can be measured reliably.
 
 The
 carrying amount of any component 
accounted for as separate asset is derecognized 
when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance 
are charged to Profit or Loss during the reporting 
period in which they are incurred.
 
 Gains and 
losses on disposals are determined by 
comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These 
are included in profit or loss within other gains/
(losses).
 
 Adv
ances paid towards the acquisition of property, 
plant and equipment outstanding at each balance 
sheet date is classified as capital advances under 
other non-current assets and the cost of assets 
not put to use before such date are disclosed 
under ‘Capital work-in-progress’. Subsequent 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 253 =====
250
India Nippon Electricals Limited
expenditures relating to property, plant and 
equipment is capitalised only when it is probable 
that future economic benefits associated with 
these will flow to the Company and the cost of the 
item can be measured reliably.
 ii)
 Depr
eciation
 
 Dep
reciation on Property, plant & equipment 
(other than land) is charged over the estimated 
useful life of the asset or part of the asset (after 
considering double/triple shift) as evaluated 
by the Management, on straight line method, 
in accordance with Part A of Schedule II to the 
Companies Act, 2013.
Category Range of useful life      
(in years)
Building 3-60
Furniture and Fixtures 5-10
Office Equipment 3-10
Plant and Equipment 5-15
Vehicles 5-8
Tools and dies are depreciated based on quantity 
of components manufactured and the life of tools 
and dies, subject to a maximum of  two to three 
years . 
On tangible fixed assets added / disposed of 
during the year, depreciation is charged on pro-
rata basis from the date of addition or  till the date 
of disposal
The estimated useful lives, residual values 
and depreciation method are reviewed at the 
end of each reporting period, with the effect of 
any changes in estimate accounted for on a 
prospective basis.
2.5
 Inta
ngible assets
Intangible assets include cost of acquired software, 
license and technical know how. Intangible assets are 
initially measured at acquisition cost including any 
directly attributable costs of preparing the asset for its 
intended use. Expenditure on projects which are not yet 
ready for intended use are carried as intangible assets 
under development. Intangible assets with finite lives 
are amortized over their estimated useful economic 
life and assessed for impairment  whenever there is an 
indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.
Intangible assets are amortized on the following basis:
a) 
 Sof
twares - Over a period of five years
b) 
 SAP
 - Over a period of ten years
c) 
 Lice
nses - Over a period of two to five years
d) 
 T
echnical Knowhow - Over a period of five years
Useful lives are reviewed at every balance sheet date 
and revisited to a lower life when warranted.
2.6
 Imp
airment of assets
Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject 
to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment. 
Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed 
for impairment whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that  the carrying amount may 
not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised 
for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount 
exceeds its recoverable amount.
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less 
costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value 
in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted 
to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate 
that reflects current market  assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the asset for 
which the estimates of future cash flows have not been 
adjusted. 
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-
generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying 
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-
generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. 
An impairment loss is  recognized immediately in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the 
carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating 
unit)  is increased to the revised estimate of its 
recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying 
amount does  not exceed the carrying amount that 
would have been determined had no impairment loss 
been recognized for the asset (or cash-generating 
unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss 
is recognized immediately in Statement of Profit and 
Loss.
2.7
 F
oreign currency transaction
On initial recognition, all foreign currency transactions 
are recorded at exchange rates prevailing on the date 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 254 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
251
Annual Report 2024-25
of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities, 
denominated in a foreign currency, are translated at the 
exchange rate prevailing on the Balance Sheet date and 
the resultant exchange gains or losses are recognised 
in the Statement of Profit and Loss. A monetary item 
for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to 
occur in the foreseeable future is considered as a part 
of the entity’s net investment in that foreign operation
2.8
 
Inventories
 i)
 Raw materials
 
 Raw materials ar
e valued at lower of cost and net 
realisable value. However, materials and other items 
held for use in the production of inventories are not 
written down below cost if the finished products 
in which they will be incorporated are expected 
to be sold at or above cost. Cost is determined at 
weighted average cost.
 ii)
 W
ork in progress and finished goods
 
 W
ork in progress and finished goods are valued 
at lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost 
includes the combined cost of material, labour and 
a proportion of manufacturing overheads based 
on normal operating capacity. costs are assigned 
to individual items of inventory on the basis of 
weighted average costs. Costs of purchased 
inventory are determined after deducting rebates 
and discounts. 
 
 Net
 realisable value is the estimated selling 
price in the ordinary course of business less the 
estimated costs of completion and the estimated 
costs necessary to make the sale. Materials and 
supplies held for use in production of inventories 
are not written down if the finished products in 
which they will be used are expected to be sold at 
or above cost.
 iii)
 Stor
es and spares
 
 Sto
res and spares consists of primary packing 
materials, engineering spares and consumables , 
which are used in operating machines or consumed 
as indirect materials in the manufacturing process, 
has been valued using weighted average cost 
method. The cost comprises of costs of purchase, 
duties and taxes (other than those subsequently 
recoverable),conversion cost and other costs 
incurred in bringing the inventories to their present 
location and condition. Net realisable value is the 
estimated selling price in the ordinary course of 
business less estimated cost to completion and 
applicable selling expenses.
2.9
 Emplo
yee benefits:
 i)
 Shor
t term obligations:
 
 Liab
ilities for wages and salaries, including non-
monetary benefits that are expected to be settled 
wholly within 12 months after the end of the 
period in which the employees render the related 
service are recognized in respect of employees’ 
services upto the end of the reporting period and 
are measured at the amounts expected to be paid 
when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are 
presented as current employee benefit obligations 
in the balance sheet.
 ii)
 Other 
long term employee benefits:
 
 The
 liabilities for earned leave are not expected to 
be settled wholly within 12 months after the end 
of the period in which the employees render the 
related service. They are therefore measured as 
the present value of the expected future payments 
to be made in respect of services provided by 
employee upto the end of reporting period using 
the projected unit credit method. The benefits are 
discounted using the market yields at the end of the 
reporting period that have terms approximating to 
the terms of the related obligation.
 
 Remeasur
ements as a result of experience 
adjustments and changes in actuarial 
assumptions are recognised in profit or loss. The 
obligations are presented as current liabilities in 
the balance sheet if the entity does not have an 
when the actual settlement is expected to occur.
 iii)
 P
ost-employment obligation:
 
 a)
 Defined contribution plan
 
  Contrib
ution to Provident Fund in India are in 
the nature of defined contribution plan and 
are made to a recognised fund. Contribution 
to Superannuation Fund is in the nature of 
defined contribution plan and is remitted 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 255 =====
252
India Nippon Electricals Limited
to insurance Company in accordance with 
the scheme framed by the Corporation. 
The Company has no legal or constructive 
obligations to pay contributions in addition to 
its fixed contributions, which are recognised 
as an expense in the period that related 
employee  services are received.
 
  i)
 Pr
ovident fund
 
  The 
Company makes contribution 
to the statutory provident fund in 
accordance with Employees Provident 
Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 
1952, which is a defined contribution 
plan, and contribution paid or payable is 
recognised as an expense in the period 
in which it falls due.
 
  ii)
 Superannuat
ion fund
   Contrib
ution made towards 
Superannuation Fund (funded by 
payments to an insurance Company) 
which is a defined contribution 
plan, is charged as expenses 
on accrual basis. There are no 
obligations other than the contribution 
made to respective fund.
 
 b) 
 Defined Benefit plan
 
  i)
 Gratuity
 The 
liability recognised in the statement 
of financial position for defined benefit 
plans is the present value of the 
defined benefit obligation (DBO) at the 
reporting date less the fair value of plan 
assets. The Company estimates the 
DBO annually with the assistance of 
independent actuaries. This is based 
on standard rates of inflation, salary 
growth rate and mortality. Discount 
factors are determined close to each 
year-end by reference to government 
securities that are denominated in the 
currency in which the benefits will be 
paid and that have terms to maturity 
approximating the terms of the related 
gratuity liability.
Service cost on the Company’s 
defined benefit plan is included in 
employee benefits expense. Employee 
contributions, all of which are 
independent of the number of years of 
service, are treated as a reduction of 
service cost. Actuarial gains and losses 
resulting from measurements of the net 
defined benefit liability are included in 
other comprehensive income.
 ii)
  The 
Company also extends 
defined benefit plans in the form 
of compensated absences to 
employees. Provision for compensated 
absences is made on actuarial  
valuation basis.
 
2.10
  Inc
ome tax 
Tax expense comprises of current and deferred taxes. 
The income tax expense or credit for the period is the 
tax payable on the current period’s taxable income 
based on the applicable income tax rate for each 
jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets 
and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and 
to unused tax losses.
 i)
 Curr
ent income tax
The current income tax charge is calculated on 
the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively 
enacted at the end of the reporting period.   
Management periodically evaluates positions 
taken in tax returns with respect to situations 
in which applicable tax regulation is subject to 
interpretation. It establishes provisions where 
appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to 
be paid to the tax authorities.
 ii)
 Def
erred income tax
Deferred income tax is recognized using the 
balance sheet approach. Deferred income tax is 
determined using tax rates (and laws) that have 
been enacted or substantially enacted by the 
end of the reporting period and are expected to 
apply when the related deferred income tax asset 
is realised or the deferred income tax liability is 
settled. Deferred tax is provided in full, using the 
liability method, on temporary differences arising 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 256 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
253
Annual Report 2024-25
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and 
their carrying amounts in the financial statements, 
except when the deferred income tax arises from 
the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or 
liability in a transaction that is not a business 
combination and affects neither accounting nor 
taxable profits or loss at the time of the transaction.
Deferred income tax assets are recognized to 
the extent it is probable that taxable profit will be 
available against which the deductible temporary 
differences and the carry forward of unused tax 
credits and unused tax losses can be utilized.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when 
there is a legally enforceable right to offset current 
tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred 
tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. 
Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset 
where there is a legally enforceable right to offset.
Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or 
loss, except to the extent that it relates to items 
recognised in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity.  In this case, the tax is also 
recognised in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity, respectively.
2.11
 Pr
ovisions and contingent liabilities:
 i)
 Pr
ovisions:
A provision is recorded when the Company has a 
present legal or constructive obligation as a result 
of past events, it is probable that an outflow of 
resources will be required to settle the obligation 
and the amount can be reasonably estimated. 
The estimated liability for product warranties 
is recorded when products are sold based on 
technical evaluation.
Provisions are measured at the present value of 
management’s best estimate of the expenditure 
required to settle the present obligation at the end 
of the reporting period. The discount rate used to 
determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the liability. 
The increase in the provision due to the passage 
of time is recognised as finance cost.
 
 ii)  Contin gent liabilities:
Wherever there is a possible obligation that 
arises from past events and whose existence 
will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more uncertain future events 
not wholly within the control of the entity or a 
present obligation that arises from past events 
but is not recognised because (a) it is not probable 
that an outflow of resources embodying economic 
benefits will be required to settle the obligation; 
or (b) the amount of the obligation cannot be 
measured with sufficient reliability. The company 
does not recognise a contingent liability but 
discloses its existence in Financial Statements.
2.12
 Cash and C
ash equivalents:
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand 
and demand deposits, together with other short-term, 
highly liquid investments maturing within 3 months 
from the date of acquisition that are readily convertible 
into known amounts of cash and which are subject to 
an insignificant risk of changes in value.
2.13
 Cash flow statement
Cash flows ar
e reported using the indirect method, 
whereby profit / (loss) before exceptional items and tax 
is adjusted for the effects of transactions of non-cash 
nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future 
receipts or payments. In the cash flow statement, cash 
and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, cheques 
on hand, balances with banks in current accounts and 
other shortterm highly liquid investments with original 
maturities of 3 months or less, as applicable.
2.14
 Earnings pe
r share
Basic earnings per equity share is calculated by dividing 
the total profit for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders (after deducting attributable taxes) by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
during the period. The weighted average number of 
equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted 
for events including a bonus issue, bonus element in 
a rights issue to existing shareholders, share split and 
reverse share split (consolidation of shares). In this 
scenario, the number of equity shares outstanding 
increases without an increase in resources due to 
which the number of equity shares outstanding before 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 257 =====
254
India Nippon Electricals Limited
the event is adjusted for the proportionate change in 
the number of equity shares outstanding as if the event 
had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period 
reported.
 
2.15
 Leases:
The 
Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist of 
leases for land and buildings. The Company assesses 
whether a contract contains a lease, at inception of 
a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the 
contract conveys the right to control the use of an 
identified asset for  a period of time  in exchange for 
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an identified asset, the 
Company assesses whether: (i) the contract involves 
the use of an identified asset (ii) the Company has 
substantially all of the economic benefits from use of 
the asset through the period of the lease and (iii) the 
Company has the right to direct the use of the asset. 
At the date of commencement of the lease, the 
Company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and a 
corresponding lease liability for all lease arrangements 
in which it is a lessee, except for leases with a term 
of twelve months or less (short-term leases) and 
low value leases. For these short-term and low value 
leases, the Company recognizes the lease payments as 
an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the 
term of the lease. 
Certain lease arrangements  includes  the options to 
extend or terminate the lease before the end of the 
lease term. ROU assets and lease liabilities includes 
these options when it is reasonably certain that they 
will be exercised. 
The right-of-use assets are initially recognized at cost, 
which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability 
adjusted for any lease payments made at or prior to the 
commencement date of the lease plus any initial direct 
costs less any lease incentives. They are subsequently 
measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses. 
Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the 
commencement date on a straight-line basis over 
the shorter of the lease term and useful life of the 
underlying asset. Right of use assets are evaluated 
for recoverability whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts 
may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment 
testing, the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of the 
fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is 
determined on an individual asset basis unless the 
asset does not generate cash flows that are largely 
independent of those from other assets. In such cases, 
the recoverable amount is determined for the Cash 
Generating Unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs. 
The lease liability is initially measured at amortized 
cost at the present value of the future lease payments. 
The lease payments are discounted using the interest 
rate implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable, 
using the incremental borrowing rates in the country 
of domicile of these leases. Lease liabilities are re-
measured with a corresponding adjustment to the 
related right of use asset if the Company changes its 
assessment if whether it will exercise an extension or a 
termination option. 
Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments 
have been classified as financing cash flows. 
 A
mendment to Ind AS 116 – Leases
On 9 th September, 2024, the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs notified the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Second Amendment Rules, 2024. The 
amendments to Ind AS 116 clarifies the requirements 
that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability 
arising in a sale and leaseback transaction, to ensure 
the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the 
gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The 
amendment is intended to improve the requirements for 
sale and leaseback transactions in Ind AS 116 and will 
not change the accounting for leases unrelated to sale 
and leaseback transactions. These amendments are 
effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or 
after 1
st April, 2024, and are to be applied retrospectively, 
with earlier application permitted. The adoption of these 
amendments to Ind AS 116 did not have any impact on 
the Standalone Financial Statements of the Company.
2.16
 Fin
ancial instruments
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to 
a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability 
or equity instrument of another entity. Financial assets 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 258 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
255
Annual Report 2024-25
other than equity instruments are classified into 
categories: financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss and at amortised cost. Financial assets that are 
equity instruments are classified as fair value through 
profit or loss or fair value through other comprehensive 
income. Financial liabilities are classified into financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or amortised 
cost. Financial instruments are recognised on the 
balance sheet when the Company becomes a party to 
the contractual provisions of the instrument.
At Initial recognition, the Company measures a 
financial asset at its fair value plus (in the case of a 
financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss) 
transaction cost that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of 
financial assets carried at fair value through profit or 
loss are expensed in profit or loss. Purchases or sales 
of financial assets that require delivery of assets within 
a time frame established by regulation or convention in 
the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on 
the trade date, i.e., the date that the Company commits 
to purchase or sell the asset. 
 i)
  Classification 
and subsequent measurement of 
financial assets
 
 F
or the purpose of subsequent measurement 
financial assets are classified and measured 
based on the entity’s business model for managing 
the financial asset and the contractual cash flow 
characteristics of the financial asset at:
 a) 
 Amor
tised cost
 b)  
 F
air value through other comprehensive 
income (FVOCI) or
 c) 
 F
air value through profit and loss (FVTPL)”
 
 All 
financial assets are reviewed for impairment 
at least at each reporting date to identify whether 
there is any objective evidence that a financial 
asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. 
Different criteria to determine impairment are 
applied for each category of financial assets, 
which are described below.
 
  a)
 Financial asset at amor
tised cost
 
 Ass
ets that are held for collection of 
contractual cash flows where those cash 
flows represent solely payments of principal 
and interest are measured at amortised cost. 
These assets are measured subsequently at 
amortised cost using the effective interest 
method. The loss allowance at each reporting 
period is evaluated based on the expected 
credit losses for next 12 months and credit 
risk exposure. The Company shall also 
measure the loss allowance for a financial 
instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime 
expected credit losses if the credit risk on 
that financial instrument has increased 
significantly since initial recognition. 
 
 b)
  Financial 
asset at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (FVOCI)
 
 Ass
ets that are held within a business 
model where the objective is both collecting 
contractual cash flows and selling financial 
assets along with the contractual terms 
giving rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and 
interest  in the principal amount outstanding. 
At initial recognition, the Company, based 
on its assessment, makes an irrevocable 
election to present in other comprehensive 
income the changes in the fair value of an 
investment in an equity instrument that is 
not held for trading. These selections are 
made on an instrument-by-instrument 
(i.e., share-by-share) basis. If the Company 
decides to classify an equity instrument as 
at FVOCI, then all fair value changes on the 
instrument, excluding dividends, impairment 
gains or losses and foreign exchange 
gains and losses, are recognised in other 
comprehensive income. There is no recycling 
of the amounts from OCI to profit or loss, 
even on sale of investment. The dividends 
from such instruments are recognised in 
statement of profit and loss.
 
 The
 fair value of financial assets in this 
category are determined by reference 
to active market transactions or using a 
valuation technique where no active market 
exists.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 259 =====
256
India Nippon Electricals Limited
  The  loss allowance at each reporting period 
is evaluated based on the expected credit 
losses for next 12 months and credit risk 
exposure. The Company shall also measure 
the loss allowance for a financial instrument 
at an amount equal to the lifetime expected 
credit losses if the credit risk on that financial 
instrument has increased significantly since 
initial recognition. The loss allowance shall be 
recognised in other comprehensive income 
and shall not reduce the carrying amount of 
the financial asset in the balance sheet.
 
 c)
  Financial 
asset at fair value through profit 
and loss (FVTPL)
 
 Fina
ncial assets at FVTPL include financial 
assets that are designated at FVTPL upon 
initial recognition and financial assets that 
are not measured at amortised cost or at fair 
value through other comprehensive income. 
All derivative financial instruments fall into 
this category, except for those designated 
and effective as hedging instruments, for 
which the hedge accounting requirements 
apply. Assets in this category are measured 
at fair value with gains or losses recognised 
in profit or loss. The fair value of financial 
assets in this category are determined by 
reference to active market transactions or 
using a valuation technique where no active 
market exists.
 
 The
 loss allowance at each reporting period 
is evaluated based on the expected credit 
losses for next 12 months and credit risk 
exposure. The Company shall also measure 
the loss allowance for a financial instrument 
at an amount equal to the lifetime expected 
credit losses if the credit risk on that financial 
instrument has increased significantly since 
initial recognition. The loss allowance shall 
be recognised in profit and loss
 
 d)
 De-r
ecognition of financial assets
 
 A 
financial asset (or, where applicable, a 
part of a financial asset or part of a group 
of similar financial assets) is primarily 
derecognized (i.e. removed from the 
Company’s Consolidated balance sheet) 
when:
 a.
  The 
rights to receive cash flows from 
the asset have expired, or 
 b.  
 The 
Company has transferred its rights 
to receive cash flows from the asset 
or has assumed an obligation to pay 
the received cash flows in full without 
material delay to a third party under 
a ‘pass-through’ arrangement; and 
either (i) the Company has transferred 
substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, or (ii) the Company has neither 
transferred nor retained substantially all 
the risks and rewards of the asset, but 
has transferred control of the asset.
 
 When 
the Company has transferred its rights 
to receive cash flows from an asset or has 
entered into a passthrough arrangement, 
it evaluates if and to what extent it has 
retained the risks and rewards of ownership. 
When it has neither transferred nor retained 
substantially all of the risks and rewards 
of the asset, nor transferred control of the 
asset, the Company continues to recognise 
the transferred asset to the extent of the 
Company’s continuing involvement. In that 
case, the Company also recognizes an 
associated liability. The transferred asset and 
the associated liability are measured on a 
basis that reflects the rights and obligations 
that the Company has retained.
 
 Con
tinuing involvement that takes the form 
of a guarantee over the transferred asset is 
measured at the lower of the original carrying 
amount of the asset and the maximum 
amount of consideration that the Company 
could be required to repay
 ii)
 Financ
ial liabilities
 
 a)
 Initial r
ecognition and measurement
 
 Fina
ncial liabilities are classified, at initial 
recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, 
payables, or as derivatives designated as 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 260 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
257
Annual Report 2024-25
hedging instruments in an effective hedge, 
as appropriate. All financial liabilities are 
recognised initially at fair value and, in the 
case of loans and borrowings and payables, 
net of directly attributable transaction costs.
 
 The
 Company’s financial liabilities include 
trade and other payables
 
 b)
 Subsequent measur
ement
 
 The
 measurement of financial liabilities 
depends on their classification, as described 
below:
 
   Financial 
liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss
 
 Fina
ncial liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss include financial liabilities held for 
trading and financial liabilities designated 
upon initial recognition at fair value through 
profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified 
as held for trading if they are incurred for 
the purpose of repurchasing in the near 
term. This category also includes derivative 
financial instruments entered into by the 
Company that are not designated as hedging 
instruments in hedge relationships as 
defined by Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments
 
 Gains or losses on 
liabilities held for trading 
are recognised in the profit or loss.
 
 Fina
ncial liabilities designated upon initial 
recognition at fair value through profit or 
loss are designated as such at the initial 
date of recognition, and only if the criteria 
in Ind AS 109 are satisfied. For liabilities 
designated as FVTPL, fair value gains/ losses 
attributable to changes in own credit risk are 
recognized in OCI. These gains/ loss are not 
subsequently transferred to P&L. However, 
the Company may transfer the cumulative 
gain or loss within equity. All other changes 
in fair value of such liability are recognised in 
the statement of profit or loss. The Company 
has not designated any financial liability as at 
fair value through profit and loss
   De-r ecognition of financial liabilities
 
 A 
financial liability is derecognised when the 
obligation under the liability is discharged 
or cancelled or expires. When an existing 
financial liability is replaced by another from 
the same lender on substantially different 
terms, or the terms of an existing liability are 
substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as the derecognition 
of the original liability and the recognition of a 
new liability. The difference in the respective 
carrying amounts is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
   
Equity instruments
 
 Or
dinary shares are classified as equity. 
Incremental costs directly attributable to the 
issuance of new ordinary shares and share 
options and buyback of ordinary shares are 
recognised as a deduction from equity, net of 
any tax effects.
 
  Offsetting of financial instruments
 
 Fina
ncial assets and financial liabilities 
are offset and the net amount is reported 
in the balance sheet if there is a currently 
enforceable legal right to offset the 
recognised amounts and there is an intention 
to settle on a net basis, to realise the assets 
and settle the liabilities simultaneously
 
  F
air value of financial instruments
 
 In 
determining the fair value of its financial 
instruments, the Company uses a variety of 
methods and assumptions that are based 
on market conditions and risks existing at 
each reporting date. The methods used to 
determine fair value include discounted cash 
flow analysis, available quoted market prices, 
and dealer quotes. All methods of assessing 
fair value result in general approximation of 
value, and such value may never actually be 
realized. For financial assets and liabilities 
maturing within one year from the Balance 
sheet date and which are not carried at fair 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 261 =====
258
India Nippon Electricals Limited
value, the carrying amounts approximate 
fair value due to the short maturity of these 
instruments
 
 c)
 F
air value measurement
 
 F
air value is the price that would be received 
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability 
in an orderly transaction between market 
participants at the measurement date. The 
fair value measurement is based on the 
presumption that the transaction to sell the 
asset or transfer the liability takes place 
either:
 -  
 In 
the principal market for the asset or 
liability, or
 -  
 In the absence 
of a principal market, in 
the most advantageous market for the 
asset or liability
 
 The
 principal or the most advantageous 
market must be accessible by the Company.
 
 The
 fair value of an asset or a liability is 
measured using the assumptions that 
market participants would use when pricing 
the asset or liability, assuming that market 
participants act in their economic best 
interest.
 
 A fair v
alue measurement of a non-
financial asset takes into account a market 
participant’s ability to generate economic 
benefits by using the asset in its highest and 
best use or by selling it to another market 
participant that would use the asset in its 
highest and best use.
 
 The
 Company uses valuation techniques 
that are appropriate in the circumstances 
and for which sufficient data are available 
to measure fair value, maximizing the use of 
relevant observable inputs and minimizing 
the use of unobservable inputs.
 
 All 
assets and liabilities for which fair value 
is measured or disclosed in the financial 
statements are categorised within the fair 
value hierarchy, described as follows, based 
on the lowest level input that is significant to 
the fair value measurement as a whole:
  Le vell 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities
 
 Le
vel 2: Valuation techniques for which the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement is directly or indirectly 
observable
 
 Le
vel 3 - Inputs for the assets and liabilities 
that are not based on observable market 
data (unobservable inputs)
 
 d)
 Impairment of financial assets
 
 In 
accordance with Ind AS 109 Financial 
Instruments, the Company applies expected 
credit loss (ECL) model and specific 
identification method based on the credit 
risk for measurement and recognition of 
impairment loss for financial assets.
 
 The
 Company tracks credit risk and changes 
thereon for each customer. For recognition 
of impairment loss on other financial assets 
and risk exposure, the Company determines 
that whether there has been a significant 
increase in the credit risk since initial 
recognition. If credit risk has not increased 
significantly, 12-month ECL is used to 
provide for impairment loss, except for trade 
receivables.
 
 ECL is the 
difference between all contractual 
cash flows that are due to the Company in 
accordance with the contract and all the 
cash flows that the entity expects to receive 
(i.e., all cash shortfalls), discounted at the 
original EIR. When estimating the cash flows, 
an entity is required to consider
 -
  All 
contractual terms of the financial 
instrument over the expected life of 
the financial instrument. However, in 
rare cases when the expected life of 
the financial instrument cannot be 
estimated reliably, then the entity uses 
the remaining contractual term of the 
financial instrument.
 -
  Cash flows fr
om the sale of collateral 
held or other credit enhancements that 
are integral to the contractual terms.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 262 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
259
Annual Report 2024-25
  The  Company uses default rate for credit risk 
to determine impairment loss allowance on 
portfolio of its trade receivables
   
Trade receivables
 
 The
 Company applies approach permitted 
by Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments, 
which requires expected lifetime losses to 
be recognised from initial recognition of 
receivables. Default is considered to exist 
when the counter party fails to make the 
contractual payment within 90 days of when 
they fall due. A trade receivable is considered 
to be credit impaired when the management 
considers the amount to be non recoverable.
 
  Other financial assets
 
 F
or recognition of impairment loss on other 
financial assets and risk exposure, the 
Company determines whether there has 
been a significant increase in the credit risk 
since initial recognition and if credit risk has 
increased significantly, impairment loss is 
provided.
 
 The
 amount of expected credit losses 
(or reversal) that is required to adjust the 
loss allowance at the reporting date to the 
amount that is required to be recognized is 
recognized as an impairment gain or loss in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 
  e)
 Impairment of non-financial assets
 
 F
or impairment assessment purposes, 
assets are grouped at the lowest levels for 
which there are largely independent cash 
inflows (cash-generating units). As a result, 
some assets are tested individually for 
impairment and some are tested at cash-
generating unit level.
 
 An impairment 
loss is recognised for the 
amount by which the asset’s (or cash-
generating unit’s) carrying amount exceeds 
its recoverable amount, which is the higher 
of fair value less costs of disposal and 
value in-use. To determine the value-in-use, 
management estimates expected future 
cash flows from each cash generating unit 
and determines a suitable discount rate in 
order to calculate the present value of those 
cash flows. The data used for impairment 
testing procedures are directly linked to the 
Company’s latest approved budget, adjusted 
as necessary to exclude the effects of future 
reorganisations and asset enhancements. 
Discount factors are determined individually 
for each cash generating unit and reflect 
current market assessments of the time 
value of money and asset specific risk 
factors.
 
 All 
assets are subsequently reassessed 
for indications that an impairment loss 
previously recognised may no longer exist. 
An impairment loss is reversed if the asset’s 
or cash generating unit’s recoverable amount 
exceeds its carrying amount.
2.17
 Go
vernment grants
Government grants are not recognised until there is 
reasonable assurance that the Company will comply 
with the conditions attaching to them and that the 
grants will be received.
3 Segment information
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent 
with the internal reporting provided to the Chief operating 
decision maker. The Managing Director of the Company has 
been identified as being the chief operating decision maker.
In accordance with Ind AS 108, Operating Segments, the 
Company has identified manufacture and sale of Ignition 
Systems for auto industry with special focus on two-wheeler 
and support with the collaborators, the Company has a  
developed research and development centre recognised 
by DSIR, Government of India. As per Ind AS 108 Operating 
Segments, the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) 
evaluates the Company’s performance and allocates 
resources based on an analysis of various performance 
indicators by business segments. Accordingly, the Company 
has identified only one segment as reportable segment for 
the year ended 31
st March, 2025 and 31st March, 2024.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 263 =====
260
India Nippon Electricals Limited
4 Property, plant and equipment
Particulars  Land  Building  Plant and 
equipments 
 Furniture & 
Fixtures 
 Office 
Equipments 
 Vehicles  Total 
Gross block
Balance as at 1st April, 2023  713  5,539  10,690  450  621  82  18,095 
Additions  -    1,280  926  41  80  46  2,373 
Deletions  -    (2)  (44)  -    (6)  -    (52)
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  713  6,817  11,572  491  695  128  20,416 
Additions  -    351  2,025  47  253  22  2,698 
Deletions  -     -    (19)  (4)  (41)  (12)  (76)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  713  7,168  13,578  534  907  138  23,038 
Accumulated depreciation 
Balance as at 1
st April, 2023  -     780  4,616  205  353  35  5,989 
Charge for the year  -    260  946  38  107  9  1,360 
Reversals on deletions  -    (2)  (42)  -    (5)  (1)  (50)
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  -     1,038  5,520  243  455  43  7,299 
Charge for the year  -    293  973  40  115  13  1,434 
Reversals on deletions  -    -    (17)  (3)  (37)  (10)  (67)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  -     1,331  6,476  280  533  46  8,666 
Net block
Balance as at 31
st March, 2024  713  5,779  6,052  248  240  85  13,117 
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  713  5,837  7,102  254  374  92  14,372 
Notes: 
      
1.
  The
 title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee), are held in the name of the Company.
 
5 Capital work in progress
i)
 Age
ing schedule of capital work-in-progress
a)
 Pr
ojects in progress
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
 Less than 1 year  234  1,013 
 Project 1  -    460 
 Project 2  -    385 
 Other Projects  234  168 
 1-2 years  132  261 
 Project 1  -    8 
 Project 2  -    253 
 Other Projects  132  -   
 2-3 years  -    -   
 More than 3 years  -    -   
 Total  366  1,274 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 264 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
261
Annual Report 2024-25
b) The re were no projects temporarily suspended as at 31 st March, 2025 and 31st March, 2024
c)
 Completion
 schedule for the Projects which are over due :
Particular As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
To be completed in
Less than 1 year 
Project 1  -    259 
1-2 years 
Project 2  85  -   
2-3 years  -    -   
More than 3 years  -    -   
Total  85  259 
d)
  Ther
e are no projects for the year ended 31 st March, 2025 and 31 st March, 2024 which have exceeded its initial planned 
cost. 
6A Intangible asset
Particulars  Softwares  SAP  Licenses  Technical 
knowhow 
 Total 
Gross block
Balance as at 1st April, 2023  169  178  125  34  506 
Additions  -    -    12  -    12 
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  169  178  137  34  518 
Additions  19  -    -    477  496 
Deletions  (8)  -    (26)  (33)  (67)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  180  178  111  478  947 
Accumulated amortisation 
Balance as at 1
st April, 2023  90  130  93  34  347 
Charge for the year  21  18  19  -    58 
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  111  148  112  34  405 
Charge for the year  22  18  14  477  531 
Accumulated amortization on deletions  (8)  -    (26)  (33)  (67)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  125  166  100  478  869 
 -     -     -     -     -    
Net block
Balance as at 31
st March, 2024  58  30  25  -     113 
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  55  12  11  -     78 
6B Intangible assets under development ageing schedule
As at 31st March, 2025
Intangible assets under development  Amount in Intangible assets under development for a period of  Total 
 Less than  
1 year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than  
3 years 
Project in progress  -    19  -    -    19 
Project temporarily suspended  -    -    -    -    -    
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 265 =====
262
India Nippon Electricals Limited
As at 31st March, 2024
Intangible assets under development  Amount in Intangible assets under development for a period of  Total 
 Less than  
1 year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than  
3 years 
Project in progress  32  -    -    -    32 
Project temporarily suspended  -    -    -    -    -    
7 Right to use assets
Particulars  Leasehold 
land 
 Leasehold  
buildings 
 Total 
Gross block
Balance as at 1st April, 2023  1,487  67  1,554 
Additions  -    -    -   
Deletions  -    -    -   
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  1,487  67  1,554 
Additions  -    -    -   
Deletions  -    -    -   
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  1,487  67  1,554 
Accumulated amortisation 
Balance as at 1
st April, 2023  309  66  375 
Charge for the year  91  -    91 
Disposals  -    -    -   
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  400  66  466 
Charge for the year  91  -    91 
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  491  66  557 
Net block
Balance as at 31
st March, 2024  1,087  1  1,088 
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  996  1  997 
 8  Investments 
A) 
  Non-curr
ent investments  
Face value 
per unit
No. of Shares/Units Amount
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
 As at 
31st March, 
2025 
As at 
31st March, 
2024
a) Investment carried at amortised cost
360 One Prime- 9.03% Non Convertible 
Debenture 
 1,00,000  -    500  -    501 
Aditya Birla Fin- 8.30% Non Convertible 
Debenture 
 1,00,000  500  -    503  -   
Mahindra Rural Housing Finance- 8.35% Non 
Convertible Debenture 
 1,00,000  250  -    267  -   
Axis Finance Limited- 8.08% Non Convertible 
Debenture 
 10,00,000  35  -    364  -   
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 266 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
263
Annual Report 2024-25
Face value 
per unit
No. of Shares/Units Amount
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
 As at 
31st March, 
2025 
As at 
31st March, 
2024
b) Investment carried at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
i) Equity instruments (fully paid-up) (Unquoted)
Lucas TVS Limited  100  97,351  97,351  22,468  19,037 
IRIS Ecopower Venture Private Limited (Refer 
note 8.1)
 4  4,29,400  3,56,400  43  36 
c) Investment carried at fair value through 
profit and loss (FVTPL)
i) Debentures / bonds
State Bank Of  India Series -  8.75%  Perpetual 
Bond
 10,00,000  -    25  -    262 
State Bank Of  India Series - 7.74% Perpetual 
Bond
 10,00,000  25  25  249  259 
L&T Bond Market Linked Debentures  10,00,000  50  50  595  546 
State Bank Of India Sr. 1- 7.72% Perpetual 
Bond
1,00,00,000  2  -    199  -   
Bank Of Baroda- 8.50% Perpetual Bond  10,00,000  18  -    180  -   
Bank Of Baroda- 8.15% Perpetual Bond  10,00,000  10  -    100  -   
ii) Non listed equity shares
NSE Equity  1  65,000  13,000  1,095  533 
iii) Listed equity shares
HDFC Bank Limited  1  14,098  14,098  258  203 
ICICI Bank Limited  2  13,150  13,150  177  144 
Infosys Limited  5  -    5,745  -    86 
Reliance Industries Limited  10  7,730  3,865  99  115 
JIO Financial Service Limited  10  3,865  3,865  9  14 
Tata Consultancy Service Limited  1  2,760  2,760  100  107 
Blue Dart Express Limited  10  787  787  48  49 
Ultratech Cement Limited  10  1,023  495  118  48 
Bharti Airtel Limited  5  7,726  -    100  -   
Nestle India Limited  1  1,596  -    36  -   
Larsen & Toubro Limited  2  2,880  -    101  -   
ITC Limited  1  9,200  -    38  -   
ITC Hotels Limited  1  920  -    2  -   
iv) Alternative investment funds
TVS Shriram Growth Fund Scheme 3  1,000  87,068  90,800  1,154  1,362 
TVS Shriram Growth Fund Scheme 4  6,250  -    63  -   
v) Mutual funds
HDFC Index Fund-Nifty 50 Plan -Direct Growth  10  4,37,131  2,27,411  990  484 
HDFC HOF Series 1 1140D November 2017 - 
1- Reg-G
 10  10,00,000  10,00,000  207  204 
Nippon India Nifty Midcap 150 Index Fund - 
Direct Plan Growth
 10  13,81,912  7,78,809  305  159 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 267 =====
264
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Face value 
per unit
No. of Shares/Units Amount
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
 As at 
31st March, 
2025 
As at 
31st March, 
2024
ICICI Prudential Nifty Next 50 Index Fund - 
Direct Plan Growth
 10  5,90,577  3,72,314  344  208 
ICICI Prudential India opportunities  Fund - 
Direct Plan Growth
 10  3,24,846  2,47,282  116  79 
360 One Focused equity fund Direct plan 
Growth
 10  2,14,943  61,356  106  28 
Tata Large & Mid Cap Fund Direct plan 
Growth
 10  29,601  20,277  165  106 
Tata Balanced Advantage Fund - Direct Plan 
Growth
 10  21,14,861  9,79,844  457  200 
ICICI Prudential  Balanced Advantage Fund - 
Direct Plan Growth
 10  6,05,377  2,82,312  467  201 
HDFC Focused 30 fund Direct plan Growth  10  75,309  51,886  182  107 
Nippon Multi Asset Allocation fund - Growth 
fund
 10  24,66,905  -    493  -   
HDFC GOLD FUND- Exhange Traded Fund  1  22,89,977  -    616  -   
 32,814  25,078 
B)
 Cur
rent investments  
Face value 
per unit
No. of Shares/Units Amount
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
As at 
31st March, 
2025 
As at 
31st March, 
2024
a) Investment carried at amortised cost
i) Debentures / bonds
360 One Prime- 9.03% Non Convertible 
Debenture 
 1,00,000  500  -    501  -   
HDB- 8.34% Non Convertable Debenture  1,00,000  500  -    533  -   
Tata Fin- 8.30% Capital Non Convertable 
Debenture 
 1,00,000  500  -    504  -   
 b) Investment carried at fair value through 
profit and loss:
Current Investments - Quoted
Investment In Mutual Funds
Axis Short Term-G  10  77,81,178  94,56,821  2,350  2,638 
Aditya Birla SL Corporate Bond-G  10  14,00,088  14,00,088  1,549  1,425 
ICICI pru liquid fund Direct plan - Growth  100  -    2,30,250  -    823 
Aditya Birla Sun life Money manager fund 
Direct Growth
 100  82,343  2,35,530  303  803 
Kotak Bond Short-term Reg-G  10  46,24,333  46,24,333  2,359  2,185 
Nippon India Money Market Fund Direct plan 
- Growth
 1,000  7,299  24,154  301  923 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 268 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
265
Annual Report 2024-25
Face value 
per unit
No. of Shares/Units Amount
As at 
31st March, 
2025
As at 
31st March, 
2024
As at 
31st March, 
2025 
As at 
31st March, 
2024
Bhandhan CRISIL Glit 2027 Index Fund 
Regular Plan- Growth
 10  1,28,22,384  1,68,34,871  1,612  1,961 
Bhandhan SSI ST Reg-G (formerly Known as 
IDFC SSI ST Reg-G)
 10  21,08,517  39,37,462  1,178  2,032 
Nippon India Short-term-Growth  10  18,35,238  18,35,238  947  874 
Nippon India liquid fund Direct plan - Growth  1,000  2,684  12,744  170  753 
Aditya Birla SL Overnight fund - Growth - 
Direct
 1,000  18,121  15,480  250  200 
Nippon India Overnight Fund - Direct Plan  1,000  1,82,686  2,17,986  251  280 
DSP Overnight Fund - Direct Plan  1,000  18,298  31,254  250  401 
Axis Liquid Fund Direct-G  1,000  -    11,211  -    301 
HSBC Overnight Fund - Direct  1,000  -    43,958  -    551 
Sundaram Liquid Fund - Direct Plan  10  31,547  37,672  723  803 
Axis Money Market Fund Direct-G  1,000  -    32,142  -    422 
Aditya Birla SL Liquid fund Direct Plan - Growth  100  1,55,812  1,88,247  652  733 
 14,433  18,108 
8.1
 
 Inv
estment made in IRIS Ecopower Venture Private Limited is Group captive investment with 429,400 units carried at 
Value of ` 43 Lakhs as at 31st March, 2025. Refer note 8(A)(b)(i).
8.2 Particular As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments carried at cost  -    -   
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments  -    -   
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments carried at amortised cost  1,134  501 
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments carried at FVTOCI  22,511  19,073 
Aggregate value of quoted/Un-Quoted investments - Carried at FVTPL  9,169  5,504 
Total non-current investment  32,814  25,078 
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments carried at amortised cost  1,538  -   
Aggregate value of quoted investments - Carried at FVTPL  12,895  18,108 
Total current investment  14,433  18,108 
9 Non - current loans
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
(Unsecured and considered good)
Loans to employees  117  112 
 117  112 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 269 =====
266
India Nippon Electricals Limited
10 Other non-current financial assets
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
(Unsecured and considered good)
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity  1  1 
Security deposits  115  95 
Deposits with Non Banking Financial Company (NBFC)  1,300  -   
 1,416  96 
11 Other non-current assets
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
(Unsecured and considered good)
Capital Advance  52  -   
 52  -    
12 Inventories
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
(Lower of cost and net realisable value)
Raw material  4,396  4,114 
Raw material - goods in transit  485  911 
Work in progress  316  200 
Finished goods  950  789 
Finished goods in transit  557  372 
Stores and spares  28  8 
Stock in trade  489  523 
 7,221  6,917 
a) Cost of Inventories recognised as expense in statement of profit and loss  58,367  50,905 
b)
 The
 mode of valuation of inventories has been stated in Note 2.8
c)
 Net
 of inventory provision of ` 805 Lakhs  as at 31st March, 2025 (as at 31st March, 2024: ` 433 Lakhs)
13 Trade receivables
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Considered good  16,965  14,175 
 16,965  14,175 
a)
  T
rade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 45 to 60 days. The carrying amount of the current 
trade receivable is considered a reasonable approximation of fair value as it is expected to be collected within twelve 
months.
b)
  The
 Company’s exposure to credit and currency risks, and loss allowances related to trade receivables are disclosed in 
note 46.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 270 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
267
Annual Report 2024-25
c) Age ing of trade receivables
 i)
 Undisp
uted trade receivables considered good March 31, 2025
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Not due Less than 
6 months
6 Months 
- 1 year
1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than  
3 years
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Considered 
Good
 15,080  1,699  132  46  1  7  16,965 
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Which Have 
Significant Increase In 
Credit Risk
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Credit 
Impaired
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade 
Receivables Considered 
Good
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade 
Receivables - Which Have 
Significant Increase In 
Credit Risk
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade 
Receivables - Credit 
Impaired
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
GRAND TOTAL  15,080  1,699  132  46  1  7  16,965 
 ii)
 Undisp
uted trade receivables considered good March 31, 2024
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Not due Less than 
6 months
6 Months 
- 1 year
1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than  
3 years
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Considered 
Good
 12,005  2,113  44  2  11  -    14,175 
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Which Have 
Significant Increase In 
Credit Risk
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable - Credit 
Impaired
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade 
Receivables - Which Have 
Significant Increase In 
Credit Risk
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade 
Receivables - Credit 
Impaired
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
GRAND TOTAL  12,005  2,113  44  2  11  -     14,175 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 271 =====
268
India Nippon Electricals Limited
 iii)   Ther e were no undisputed trade receivables which have significant credit risk, credit impaired, disputed receivables 
considered good, trade receivables which have significant credit risk and credit impaired as at 31st March, 2025 and 
31st March, 2024.
14 Cash and bank balances
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Cash and cash equivalents:
Balance with banks in current accounts  2,001  1,235 
 2,001  1,235 
Bank balances other than mentioned in cash and cash equivalents
-
 Dep
osit accounts (with original maturity greater than 3 months up to 12 
months)
 300  600 
-
 Unp
aid dividend (Also, refer note (i) below)  64  56 
 364  656 
 2,365  1,891 
i)
  Unp
aid dividend included above represent amounts to be credited to the Investors Education and Protection Fund as and 
when they become due. There are no delays in transferring the amounts due for payment to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund under Section 125 of the Companies Act, 2013 as at the balance sheet date.
15 Other current financial asset:
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Interest accrued on deposits  69  59 
Duty draw back receivable  13  7 
Deposit accounts (with original maturity greater  12 months)  200  -   
Advance given for investment  560  -   
 842  66 
16 Income tax assets
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Advance tax (net of Provision for tax )  781  527 
 781  527 
17 Other current assets
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Supplier advances  462  513 
Other advances  10  7 
Prepaid expenses  530  348 
Other receivables  48  241 
 1,050  1,109 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 272 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
269
Annual Report 2024-25
18 Equity share capital
As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Numbers Amount Numbers Amount
Authorised
Equity shares of ` 5 each  3,00,00,000  1,500  3,00,00,000  1,500 
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up share capital
Equity shares of ` 5 each  2,26,21,424  1,131  2,26,21,424  1,131 
a)
 The
re is no change in issued and subscribed equity share capital during the year.
b) 
 T
erms/ rights attached to equity shares
       
  The
 Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 5 per share. The Company declares and pays 
dividends in Indian Rupees. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors, if any, is subject to the approval of the 
shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except interim dividend, which is approved by the Board of Directors. 
Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of 
equity shares will be entitled to receive any of the remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential 
amounts. The distribution will be proportional to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
c)
 Sha
reholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the Company
As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Numbers % shareholding Numbers % shareholding
Equity shares of ` 5 each
Lucas Indian Service Limited, India  1,59,07,374 70.32%  1,59,07,374 70.32%
 1,59,07,374 70.32%  1,59,07,374 70.32%
d)
 Dis
closure of shareholding of promoters
Promoter Name As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Numbers % shareholding Numbers % shareholding % Change during 
the year 
Equity shares of ` 5 each
Lucas Indian Service Limited  1,59,07,374 70.32%  1,59,07,374 70.32% 0.00%
Sheela Balaji  3,712 0.02%  3,712 0.02% 0.00%
T K Balaji  1,694 0.01%  1,694 0.01% 0.00%
Vatsala Raghu  542 0.00%  542 0.00% 0.00%
Sowmyan Ramakrishnan  4,308 0.02%  4,308 0.02% 0.00%
V A Raghu  8 0.00%  8 0.00% 0.00%
Mala Ramakrishnan  742 0.00%  742 0.00% 0.00%
Vijaya Mohanram  742 0.00%  742 0.00% 0.00%
D Saroja  -   0.00%  -   0.00% 0.00%
 1,59,19,122 70.37%  1,59,19,122 70.37%  (0)
e)  
  Th
ere were no shares issued pursuant to contract without payment being received in cash, allotted as fully paid up by way 
of bonus issues and there were no buy back of shares during the last 5 years immediately preceding 31st March, 2025.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 273 =====
270
India Nippon Electricals Limited
f)  Details of in terim dividend declared:
for the year 
31st March, 2025 
for the year 
31st March, 2024 
Date of meeting of board of directors 13th February, 2025 13 th February, 2024
Dividend per share  12.50  10.25 
Cash outflow in Lakhs  2,828  2,318 
 19 Other equity
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Capital redemption reserve  40  40 
General reserve  10,948  10,948 
Retained earnings
Opening Balance  38,203  34,591 
Dividend paid during the year  (2,828)  (2,318)
Profit for the year  8,228  5,930 
Closing balance  43,603  38,203 
Other Comprehensive income
Opening Balance  12,026  9,427 
Add : Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  3,387  2,599 
Closing balance  15,413  12,026 
Foreign currency translation reserves
Opening Balance  (23)  (104)
Add : movement during the year  6  81 
Closing balance  (17)  (23)
Total Other Equity  69,987  61,194 
General Reserve:
       
The 
general reserve is used from time to time to transfer profits from retained earnings for appropriation purpose. As the 
general reserve is created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of other comprehensive 
income, items included in the general reserve will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss.
Retained Earnings:
      
The 
amount that can be distributed by the Company as dividends to its equity shareholders is determined based on the separate 
financial statements of the Company and also considering the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013. Thus, the amounts 
reported above are not distributable in entirety.
       
Reser
ve for equity instruments through other comprehensive income:
The Company has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive 
income. These changes are accumulated within the FVTOCI equity investments reserve within equity. The Company transfers 
amounts from this reserve to retained earnings when the relevant equity securities are derecognised.
 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 274 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
271
Annual Report 2024-25
 20  Lease liabilities 
As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Non-current Current Non-current Current
Lease liabilities  127  84  212  82 
 127  84  212  82 
 a) 
 Mo
vement in lease liability
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Balance at beginning of the year  294  364 
Additions  -    -   
Deletion  -    -   
Finance cost (Also, refer note 34)  26  33 
Payment of Lease liabilities  (108)  (103)
Balance as at end of the year  212  294 
 b) 
 Sum
mary of contractual maturities of lease liabilities on undiscounted basis
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
i)
 Less than o
ne Year  109  108 
ii)
 One
  to five years  130  239 
iii)
 Mor
e than five years  -    -   
 239  347 
 c) 
 A
mount recognised in statement of profit and loss 
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Interest on lease liabilities 26 33
Amortisation of ROU 91 91
 117  124 
21 Non-current provision
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Provision for employee benefits:
-
 Compensat
ed absences  386  363 
 386  363 
22 Deferred tax liability
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Deferred tax liability arising on account of :
-
  Timing diff
erence between written down value as per financials and  as per 
Income tax on property plant and equipment
 914  929 
-
  F
air valuation of investments  3,327  3,189 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 275 =====
272
India Nippon Electricals Limited
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Deferred tax asset arising on account of :
-
  Pr
ovision for employee benefits  (255)  (290)
-
  Oth
ers  (74)  (59)
 3,912  3,769 
Particular  Timing difference 
between written 
down value as per 
financials and  as 
per Income tax on 
property plant and 
equipment 
 Fair value 
change in 
Investment 
 Provision 
for employee 
benefits 
 Others  Total 
 Balance as at 1st April, 2023  964  2,250  (139)  (90)  2,985 
 Recognised in statement of profit and loss  (35)  169  (159)  31  6 
 Recognised in other comprehensive income  -    770  8  -    778 
 Balance as at 31st March, 2024  929  3,189  (290)  (59)  3,769 
 Recognised in statement of profit and loss *  (15)  76  30  (15)  76 
 Recognised in other comprehensive income **  -    62  5  -    67 
 Balance as at 31st March, 2025  914  3,327  (255)  (74)  3,912 
* includes ` 76 Lakhs of tax expense for the year ended 31st March, 2025 on account of change in applicable tax rate. 
** includes ` 429 Lakhs of tax income for the  year ended 31st March, 2025 on account of change in applicable tax rate.
23 Trade payables
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Total outstanding dues to micro enterprises and small enterprises (Also, refer note 
(a) and (b))
 5,211  4,333 
Total outstanding dues to other than micro enterprises and small enterprises 
(Also, refer note (b))
 8,806  8,700 
 14,017  13,033 
a)
 Dis
closures Required Under Section 22 Of The Micro, Small And Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006:
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
(i) Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of the 
accounting year
 5,211  4,333 
(ii) Interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of 
the accounting year
 -    -   
(iii) The amount of interest paid along with the amounts of the payment 
made to the supplier beyond the appointed day 
 -    -   
(iv) The amount of interest due and payable for the year  -    -   
(v) The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the 
accounting year
 -    -   
(vi) The amount of further interest due and payable even in the succeeding 
year, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid
 -    -   
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 276 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
273
Annual Report 2024-25
The management has identified enterprises which have provided goods and services to the Company and which qualify 
under the definition of micro and small enterprises, as defined under Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development 
Act, 2006 (MSMEDA). Accordingly, the disclosure in respect of the amounts payable to such enterprises as at 31
st March, 
2025 and 31st March, 2024 has been made in the financials statements based on information received and available with 
the Company. Further, the Company has not paid any interest to any micro and small enterprises during the current year 
and previous year.
b)
 Age
ing of trade payables
31st March, 2025
Particulars  Outstanding for following period from due date from payment 
Unbilled Not Due Less than  
1 year
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
 More than  
3 years 
 Total 
Undisputed Micro and Small 
enterprises
 -    5,211  -    -    -    -    5,211 
Disputed - Micro and Small 
enterprises
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    
Undisputed - Other than Micro and 
Small enterprises
 2,829  2,664  3,234  16  12  51  8,806 
Disputed - Other than Micro and 
Small enterprises
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    
31
st March, 2024
Particulars  Outstanding for following period from due date from payment 
Unbilled Not Due Less than  
1 year
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
 More than  
3 years 
 Total 
Undisputed Micro and Small 
enterprises
 -    4,333  -    -    -    -    4,333 
Disputed - Micro and Small 
enterprises
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    
Undisputed - Other than Micro and 
Small enterprises
 3,627  3,393  1,596  32  -    52  8,700 
Disputed - Other than Micro and 
Small enterprises
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    
24 Other financial liabilities:
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Unpaid dividend  64  56 
Earnest money deposit  27  72 
Commission to directors  220  230 
Employee payable  1,108  788 
Liability towards discounts to customers  1,424  1,403 
 2,843  2,549 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 277 =====
274
India Nippon Electricals Limited
25 Current provision
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Provisions for employee benefits
-
 Compen
sated absences  59  24 
Gratuity (Also, refer note 39)  39  97 
Provision for warranty (Also, refer note (a) below)  78  77 
 176  198 
Product Warranty:
Opening Balance  77  60 
Additions  96  61 
Utilizations  (95)  (44)
Closing Balance  78  77 
a)
  A 
provision is recognized for expected warranty claims on supply of goods, based on past experience of level of repairs 
and returns. The current and non-current classification of the provision is made based on the remaining warranty period of 
the goods supplied as at the balance sheet date. The assumptions used to calculate the provision for warranties are based 
on the Company’s current status of goods supplied that are under warranty and information available about expenditure 
more probable to be incurred based on the Company’s warranty terms which provides for a warranty period of about 12-
36 months.
 
26 Other current liabilities
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Statutory dues  775  676 
Tooling advance  446  496 
Others  4  -   
 1,225  1,172 
27 Revenue from operations
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Sale of Manufactured Products:
Export sales  3,363  3,578 
Domestic sales  75,829  65,084 
 79,192  68,662 
Sale of Traded Products:
Domestic sales  4,863  3,940 
Gross sales:  84,055  72,602 
Discount to customers (Turnover discount)  (861)  (932)
Net Sales:  83,194  71,670 
Other operating revenues:
- Export benefits 84 91
- Scrap sales and others 1,205 646
84,483 72,408
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 278 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
275
Annual Report 2024-25
a) Dis aggregation of revenue information  
  The
 table below presents disaggregated revenues from contracts with customer which is recognised based on goods 
transferred at a point of time by geography and offerings of the Company. As per the management, the below disaggregation 
best depicts the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of how revenues and cash flows are affected by industry, market 
and other economic factors.
  
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Revenue by geography 
India  81,158  68,830 
Rest of the world  3,325  3,578 
Total revenue from operations  84,483  72,408 
b)
 Con
tract balances
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Receivables, which are included in Trade receivables (gross) ( Contract Asset)  16,965  14,175 
Tooling advances, Which are included in Other current liabilities ( Contract 
Liabilities)
 446  496 
c)
 Seg
ment information
 
  In 
accordance with Ind AS 108, Operating Segments, the Company has identified manufacture and sale of Electrical and 
Electronic products for two/three wheelers and engines. As per Ind AS 108 Operating Segments, the Chief Operating 
Decision Maker (CODM) evaluates the Company’s performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various 
performance indicators by business segments. Accordingly, the Company has identified only one segment as reportable 
segment for the year ended 31
st March, 2025 and 31st March, 2024. 
d)
 Geographic
al information
  
  The
 Company is domiciled in India. The amount of its revenue from external customers and non-current assets other than 
financial instruments, and deferred tax assets, broken down by location of the assets, is shown below:
 
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Revenue by geography 
India  81,158  68,830 
Rest of the world  3,325  3,578 
Total revenue from operations  84,483  72,408 
e)
 Info
rmation about major customers 
 
Re
venue from operations include revenue from major customer group contributing individually to more than 10% of the 
Company’s total revenue from operations as given below. There is no other single customer who contributed more than 
10% to the Company’s revenue for the respective years.   
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
No of customer  2  2 
Amount involved  62,365  48,751 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 279 =====
276
India Nippon Electricals Limited
28 Other income
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Interest Income :
-
 F
rom bank deposits  80  47 
-
 F
rom bonds  220  132 
Dividend Income  435  194 
Net gain on foreign currency transactions  120  144 
Net gain on sale of investments carried at FVTPL  1,276  551 
Gain on fair valuation of investment carried at fair value through profit and loss  860  1,334 
Provision no longer required written back  7  83 
Other non-operating income  13  2 
 3,011  2,487 
29 Cost of raw materials consumed
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Opening stock  5,025  3,751 
Add: Purchases  54,725  48,824 
 59,750  52,575 
Less: Closing stock  (4,881)  (5,025)
 54,869  47,550 
30 Purchase of stock in trade
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Purchase of stock in trade  2,928  2,438 
 2,928  2,438 
31 Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Closing stock
Finished goods  1,507  1,161 
Work in progress  316  200 
Stock in trade  489  523 
 2,312  1,884 
Opening stock
Finished goods  1,161  1,333 
Work in progress  200  209 
Stock in trade  523  307 
 1,884  1,849 
Changes in inventories  (428)  (35)
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 280 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
277
Annual Report 2024-25
32 Other operating expenses
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Stores and spares consumed  998  952 
Power and fuel  993  862 
Repairs to:  -   
-
 Bui
lding  404  325 
-
 Machine
ry  592  401 
-
 Oth
ers  86  98 
Research and development expenses  473  262 
 3,546  2,900 
33 Employee benefits expenses
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Salaries, wages and bonus  8,248  7,322 
Gratuity expenses (Also, refer note 39)  85  64 
Contribution to provident and other funds (Refer Note 39)  311  341 
Staff welfare expenses  1,209  1,070 
 9,853  8,797 
34 Finance costs
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Bank charges  13  6 
Interest on lease liabilities (Refer note 20)  26  33 
 39  39 
35  Depreciation and amortisation expenses 
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Depreciation of Property, plant and equipment (Also, refer note 4)  1,434  1,360 
Amortisation of intangible assets (Also, refer note 6)  531  58 
Amortisation of right to use asset (Also, refer note 7)  91  91 
 2,056  1,509 
 36 Other expenses
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Rent (Also, refer note (a) below)  5  5 
Repairs and maintenance - others  19  23 
Insurance  46  51 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 281 =====
278
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Royalty  23  -   
Rates and taxes  73  53 
Communication expenses  44  47 
Postage, printing and stationery  44  47 
Director sitting fees  23  21 
Travelling and conveyance  392  299 
Loss on sale of fixed assets(net) 0  -   
Property, plant and equipment written off  7  -   
Legal and professional charges  892  1,068 
Management fees (Also, refer note 40)  726  654 
Corporate social responsibility (Also, refer note 44)  125  99 
Commission to directors  143  159 
Contract expenses  311  237 
Security charges  202  182 
Warranty expenses  96  61 
Freight outwards  455  417 
Advertisement and sales promotion expenses  386  398 
Audit Fees:
a)
 Statutor
y Auditors:
-
 Sta
tutory Audit  22  18 
-
 T
ax Audit  4  4 
-
 Oth
er Attestation Matters  3  8 
- Reimbursement of Expenses  1  2 
b)
 Cost A
udit  4  3 
c)
 Sec
retarial Audit  2  2 
d)
 Reimbursement 
- Other audits  2  2 
Miscellaneous expenses  288  259 
 4,338  4,119 
a) 
  The
 Company has lease contracts for office premises and these lease contracts are cancellable/renewable for further 
period on mutually agreeable terms during the tenure of lease contracts. These lease contracts are classified as short 
term lease contracts under Ind AS 116
  
 37 Items will not be reclassified to profit and loss
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Increase in fair value of investments  3431  3,510 
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plan  23  (133)
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  (67)  (778)
 3,387  2,599 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 282 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
279
Annual Report 2024-25
 38 Income tax
The major components of tax expense and the reconciliation of the expected tax expense based on the domestic effective tax 
rate of the Company at 25.17% and the reported tax expense in the statement of profit and loss are as follows:
  
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Income tax expenses
Accounting profit before taxes and exceptional items  10,293  7,578 
Tax rates 25.17% 25.17%
Tax on profit at enacted tax rate  2,591  1,907 
Dividend income from mutual funds and equity instruments exempted under the 
income tax act (u/s.80M deduction)
 (109)  (49)
Effect of adjustment of long term capital gain against brought forward long term 
capital loss
 (236)  (17)
On account of enacted tax rates  (216)  (248)
Others  (41)  49 
Actual tax expenses  1,989  1,642 
Deferred tax expenses
On account of timing difference between written down value as per financials and  
as per Income tax on property plant and equipment 
 (15)  (35)
On account of fair value change in Investment  76  169 
On account of provision for employee benefits  30  (159)
Others  (15)  31 
Deferred  tax expenses  76  6 
Total tax expenses recognised in statement of profit and loss  2,065  1,648 
 39 Employee benefits
The company provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan covering eligible employees. The gratuity plan provides a 
lumpsum payment to vested employees at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of employment, of an amount on the 
respective employee’s salary and the tenure of employment with the Company. The employee benefits notified under section 
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 are given below:
  
a)
 Defi
ned contribution plan:
  
 i)
 Pr
ovident fund
  
   Eligible
 employees receive benefits from a provident fund, which is a defined contribution plan. Aggregate contributions 
along with interest thereon are paid at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of employment. Both the 
employee and the Company make monthly contributions to the Employee’s Provident Fund scheme administered by 
Government of India equal to a specified percentage of the covered employee’s salary.
  
 ii)
 Supera
nnuation fund
  
   Eligible
 employees receive benefits from the superannuation fund, which is a defined contribution plan. Aggregate 
contributions along with interest theron are paid at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of employment. 
The Company makes yearly contributions to the Superannuation Fund Scheme administered by Life Insurance 
Corporation of India. Liabilities with regard to the Superannuation fund are determined by the Life Insurance 
Corporation of India as the balance sheet date, based upon which, the Company contributes all the ascertained 
liabilities to the Life Insurance Corporation of India’s Employees Superannuation Fund.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 283 =====
280
India Nippon Electricals Limited
 iii)  Emplo yee State Insurance Benefits   
   The 
Company makes contributions, determined as a specified percentage of employee salaries, in respect of 
qualifying employees towards Employee State Insurance, which is defined contribution plan. The Company has no 
obligations other than to make the specified contributions. The contributions are charged to the statement of profit 
and loss as they accrue.
  
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Employer's contribution to provident fund  272  284 
Employer's contributions to employee state insurance  2  7 
Employer's contribution to superannuation fund  37  50 
 311  341 
b)
 Lea
ve encashment: 
  
The 
Employees of the Company are entitled to compensated absence. Employees can carry forward a portion of the 
unutilized accrued compensated absence and utilize it in future periods or receive cash compensation at retirement or 
termination of employment for the unutilized accrued compensated absence for a maximum of 52 days (upto the age of 
50) and 90 days (age beyond 50).  The Company records an obligation for compensated absences in the period in which  
employees  render  services that increase this entitlement.  The Company measures the expected cost of compensated 
absence as the additional amount that the Company expects to pay as a result of the unused entitlement that has 
accumulated at the balance sheet date.  The liability has been actuarially determined and accounted in the books.
 
c)
 Defi
ned benefit Plan:
  
 Gratuity
:
 
The 
Company operates a gratuity plan covering qualifying employees. The benefit payable is the greater of the amount 
calculated as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 or the Company scheme applicable to the employee. The benefit 
vests upon completion of five years of continuous service and once vested it is payable to employees on retirement or on 
termination of employment. In case of death while in service, the gratuity is payable irrespective of vesting. The Company 
provides the gratuity benefit through annual contributions to a fund managed by the Life Insurance Corporation of India  
(LIC).                                                                       
  
These 
plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk and 
salary risk.
Investment risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate which is 
determined by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period on government bonds. When there is a deep 
market for such bonds; if the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit. Currently, for these plans, 
investments are made in government securities, debt instruments, Short term debt instruments, Equity instruments and 
Asset Backed, Trust Structured securities as per notification of Ministry of Finance. 
Interest risk: A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this will be partially offset by an 
increase in the return on the plan’s investments.
 
Longe
vity risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of 
the mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan 
participants will increase the plan’s liability. 
Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan 
participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 284 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
281
Annual Report 2024-25
In respect of the above plans, the most recent actuarial valuation of the plan assets and the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation were carried out as at 31 st March, 2025 by a member firm of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The 
present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost and past service cost, were measured 
using the projected unit credit method.      
d)
  The 
following table set out the status of the gratuity plan and the amount recognised in the Company’s financial 
statement
    
 i)
 Chang
e in projected benefit obligation
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Opening defined benefit obligation  1,438  1,273 
Benefits paid  (83)  (129)
Current service cost  82  68 
Interest cost on benefit obligation  97  86 
Actuarial (gain) on obligation  (14)  140 
Projected benefit obligation at the end of the year  1,520  1,438 
 ii)
 Chang
e in plan assets
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Opening fair value of plan assets  1,341  1,282 
Contributions by employer  127  91 
Benefits paid  (83)  (129)
Expected return  94  90 
Others  (8)  -   
Actuarial gain / (loss) on plan assets  9  7 
Closing fair value of plan assets  1,480  1,341 
 iii)
  Recon
ciliation of present value of obligation on the fair value of plan assets to the liability recognised
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Present value of projected benefit obligation at the end of the year  1,520  1,438 
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  1,480  1,341 
(Asset) / liability recognized in the balance sheet  40  97 
Funded Status
Funded  1,520  1,438 
Unfunded  -    -   
 iv)
 Compo
nents of net gratuity costs are
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Current service cost  82  68 
Interest cost on benefit obligation  3  (4)
Expected return on plan assets  -    -   
Total amount recognised in the statement of profit or loss  85  64 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 285 =====
282
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Actuarial (gain)/loss  (23)  133 
Total amount recognised in other comprehensive income  (23)  133 
 v)
 Princip
al actuarial assumptions used :
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Discount Rate (%) 6.41% 6.97%
Estimated Rate of Return on Plan Assets % 6.41% 6.97%
Attrition Rate (%) 12.00% 12.00%
Expected rate of salary increase (%) 7.00% 7.00%
Expected Average Remaining Service (years) 6.62 6.70
The Company assesses these assumptions with the projected long-term plans of growth and prevalent industry 
standards.
  
The 
estimates of rate of escalation in salary considered in actuarial valuation takes into account inflation, seniority, 
promotion and other relevant factors including supply and demand in the employment market. The above information 
is certified by the actuary. The discount rate is based on the prevailing market yields of Indian government securities 
as at the balance sheet date for the estimated term of the obligations.
 vi)
 Emplo
yee benefits - maturity profile (undiscounted)
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Within 1 year  202  186 
1 - 2 years  297  299 
2 - 3 years  180  177 
3 - 4 years  197  161 
4 - 5 years  178  173 
Above 5 years  681  649 
 1,735  1,645 
 vii)
 Sensitivity analysis
As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
A.
 Discoun
t Rate + 50 BP (%) 6.91% 7.47%
Defined Benefit Obligation [PVO]  1,484  1,404 
Current Service Cost  84  79 
B. Discoun
t Rate - 50 BP (%) 5.91% 6.47%
Defined Benefit Obligation [PVO]  1,558  1,474 
Current Service Cost  89  84 
C.
 Sal
ary Escalation Rate +50 BP (%) 7.50% 7.50%
Defined Benefit Obligation [PVO]  1,559  1,476 
Current Service Cost  89  84 
D. Sal
ary Escalation Rate -50 BP (%) 6.50% 6.50%
Defined Benefit Obligation [PVO]  1,482  1,402 
Current Service Cost  84  79 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 286 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
283
Annual Report 2024-25
40 Related parties (As per Ind AS 24)
40.1 Names of related parties Nature of relationship  
Ultimate holding Company  SB T
VS Industrial Ventures Private Limited  
Holding Company  Lucas Indian Service Limited 
Enterprise having transaction with the Company during 
the current year/ previous year over which the Key 
Managerial Personnel and their relatives are able to 
exercise significant influence/control
 Lucas TVS Limited  
Entities in which Director’s are interested TVS Educational Society 
Southern Roadways Private Limited 
Subbaraya Aiyar, Padmanabhan and Ramamani, Advocates  
(upto 20
th September, 2023) 
Key Managerial Personnel and Other Directors  Arvind Balaji, Managing Director 
 Anant Jaivant Talaulicar, Director 
 Tirumala Kumara Balaji, Director 
 Tirumala Kumara Balaji Priyamvada, Director 
 Heramb Ravindra Hajarnavis, Director (from 10
th August, 
2023) 
 Gangapriya Chakraverti, Director (from 10
th August, 2023) 
 KG Raghavan, Director (till 20th September, 2023) 
 R Vijaya Raghavan, Director (till 20th September, 2023) 
 Jakob Ruemmler, Director (till 19th July, 2023) 
 Kiyoyasu Kawakami, Director (till 19th July, 2023) 
 Elango Srinivasan, CFO 
 Logitha, Company Secretary
 a) 
 Relate
d party relationship is as identified by the Company on the basis of information available with the Company.
40.2
 T
ransactions with related parties
Name of the related party Year ended  
31st March, 2025 
Year ended  
31st March, 2024 
Lucas Indian Service Limited
Sale of products  5,432  4,909 
Rent paid  25  25 
Dividend paid  1,988  1,630 
Lucas TVS Limited
Sale of products  -    153 
Warranties /Discount  10  -   
Purchase of raw materials  3  -   
Rent expenses  83  79 
Reimbursement of expenses  509  467 
Travel reimbursements received  21  24 
Management fees  726  654 
Dividend received  409  194 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 287 =====
284
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Name of the related party Year ended  
31st March, 2025 
Year ended  
31st March, 2024 
TVS Educational Society
Reimbursement of expenses  44  24 
Stipend to apprentices  2,414  1,338 
Arvee Consultants & Services Private Limited
Professional charges  -    2 
Subbaraya Aiyar Padmanabhan AN
Professional charges  1  -   
Remuneration
Arvind Balaji*  384  307 
Anant Jaivant Talaulicar, Director  18  12 
Tirumala Kumara Balaji, Director  9  7 
Tirumala Kumara Balaji Priyamvada, Director  13  8 
Heramb Ravindra Hajarnavis,Director  17  12 
Gangapriya Chakraverti, Director  15  11 
KG Raghavan, Director  -    2 
R Vijaya Raghavan, Director  -    4 
Elango srinivasan, Chief financial officer  76  68 
*Gratuity and Compensated absences are being provided based on actuarial valuation performed for the Company as a whole 
and accordingly is not identifiable separately for the KMPs. The above amount includes the value of perquisites in the form of 
rent free accomodation, furniture, gas, electricity, water, Internet and Security, valued as per the Income Tax rules. 
40.3
 Balance with r
elated parties
Name of the related party As at 
31st March, 2025 
As at 
31st March, 2024 
Trade receivables
Lucas Indian Service Limited  1,635  1,474 
Lucas TVS Limited  -    71 
Trade payables
Lucas TVS Limited  152  253 
Arvee Consultants & Services Private Limited  3  1 
Remuneration payable
Commission payable  278  159 
Investments in Equity Shares accounted as fair value through comprehensive 
income
Lucas TVS Limited  22,468  19,037 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 288 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
285
Annual Report 2024-25
41 Research and Development expenses*
Particular Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
The amount spent towards Research and Development expenses during the year 
are as under:
Capital expenditure  585  102 
Revenue expenditure
Salaries, wages and bonus  1,314  1,032 
Power and fuel  103  95 
Travelling and conveyance  81  51 
Miscellaneous expenses  813  765 
Total  2,896  2,045 
*The summary is prepared based on the information available with the Company.
42 Earnings per equity share (EPS)
Particular Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
Basic and diluted earnings per share 
Nominal value of equity shares  5  5 
Profit attributable to equity shareholders (A)  8,228  5,930 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year (B)  2,26,21,424  2,26,21,424 
Basic earnings per equity share (A/B)  36.37  26.21 
Diluted earnings per equity share (A/B)  36.37  26.21 
43 Contingent liabilities and commitment
Particular As at 
31st March, 2025 
As at 
31st March, 2024 
a)
 Claims not acknowledged a
s debt
Disputed income tax demands  1,034  684 
Disputed GST demands  130  -   
Sales tax matters  3  3 
Others  -    -   
b)
  Estimated 
amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided, net of advance
 367  401 
Note: 
  
i)  
 The
 company has received a favourable order from Gurugram District court in respect of a claim for compensation for a 
land acquired from the Company in 2010 to the extent of ` 445 Lakhs plus interest as specified in the order. The company’s 
execution petition is in the process of being heard. The said compensation will be accounted on conclusion of the matter.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 289 =====
286
India Nippon Electricals Limited
ii)  The  Company has received an eligibility letter during the year on 24 March 2025, as per which the Company is entitled 
to receipt of capital subsidy for investments from SIPCOT. As per the eligibility letter, the Company has to enter into the 
requirement agreements and comply with the relevant conditions for receipt of such grants of ` 67.93 Lakhs per year for 
the period from 2023-24 to 2037-38 , subject to fulfilment of the applicable conditions. The Company is in the process 
of entering into such agreements and the amounts will be accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy of the 
Company.
 
44 Corporate social responsibility (CSR) expenditure
Particular Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Year ended  
31st March, 2024
a)
 Gr
oss amount required to be spent by the Company during the year  106  96 
b)
 Amount 
spent during the year on :
-
 Con
struction/Acquisition of any Asset:  -    -   
-
 E
ducation  66  61 
-
 Rural De
velopment Projects  25  25 
-
 Hea
lth Care and Sanitation  24  8 
-
 On purpo
ses other than  above  -    2 
c)
 (Sh
ortfall) / excess paid at the end of the year  9  0 
-
 Reason for shor
tfall Not applicable Not applicable
d)
 T
otal of previous years shortfall  -    -   
-
 Reason for shor
tfall Not applicable Not applicable
Nature of CSR activities
Eradicating Hunger, poverty, Rural Development projects,  Promoting 
Education, enhancing vocational skills especially among children and 
women, Promoting gender equality, Health care and sanitation, Environment 
& sustainability.
e)
  Det
ails of related party transactions in relation to  CSR expenditure, e.g., 
contribution to a trust controlled by the Company in relation to CSR 
expenditure
Nil Nil
f)
  Pr
ovisions w.r.t CSR Expenditure pursuant to contractual obligation Nil Nil
45 Fair value measurement
a)
 Fin
ancial instruments by category
 The carr
ying value and fair value of financial instruments by categories as of 31st March, 2025
Particulars  Amortised 
Cost 
FVTPL  FVOCI  Total carrying 
value 
 Total fair 
value 
Financial assets
Investments  2,673  22,064  22,511  47,247  47,247 
Trade receivables  16,965  -    -    16,965  16,965 
Loans  117  -    -    117  117 
Cash and cash equivalents  2,001  -    -    2,001  2,001 
Other bank balances  364  -    -    364  364 
Other Financial Assets  2,258  -    -    2,258  2,258 
Total  24,378  22,064  22,511  68,952  68,952 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 290 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
287
Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars  Amortised 
Cost 
FVTPL  FVOCI  Total carrying 
value 
 Total fair 
value 
Financial liabilities
Trade payables  14,017  -    -    14,017  14,017 
Lease liability  211  -    -    211  211 
Other financial liabilities  2,843  -    -    2,843  2,843 
Total  17,071  -     -     17,071  17,071 
 The carr
ying value and fair value of financial instruments by categories as of 31st March, 2024
Particulars  Amortised 
Cost 
FVTPL  FVOCI  Total carrying 
value 
 Total fair 
value 
Financial assets
Investments*  501  23,612  19,073  43,186  43,186 
Trade receivables  14,175  -    -    14,175  14,175 
Loans  112  -    -    112  112 
Cash and cash equivalents  1,235  -    -    1,235  1,235 
Other bank balances  656  -    -    656  656 
Other Financial Assets  162  -    -    162  162 
Total  16,841  23,612  19,073  59,526  59,526 
Financial liabilities
Trade payables  13,033  -    -    13,033  13,033 
Lease liability  294  -    -    294  294 
Other financial liabilities  2,549  -    -    2,549  2,549 
Total  15,876  -     -     15,876  15,876 
 
Fair value measurements
     
 (i)
 F
air value hierarchy
   
  Fina
ncial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in the statement of financial position are classified into 
three Levels of a fair value hierarchy. The three levels are defined based on the observability of significant inputs to 
the measurements:
     
 Le
vel 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
 
 Le
vel 2: Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly or indirectly observable
     
  Le
vel 3: Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable
 (ii)
 Financ
ial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL) on a recurring basis
Particulars Fair value  
hierarchy
As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Investments in Alternate Investment funds Level I  1,217  1,361 
Investments in equity shares Level I  2,180  1,299 
Investment in mutual funds and bonds Level II  18,667  20,952 
Total  22,064  23,612 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 291 =====
288
India Nippon Electricals Limited
 (iii) Financ ial assets measured at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) on a recurring basis
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Fair value 
hierarchy
Valuation technique(s) and key 
input(s)
Unlisted equity 
instruments
 22,511  19,073 Level III The fair value is calculated based on 
the inputs for the assets that are not 
based on observable market data
  
Notes:
     
a)
 Le
vel 1: level 1 hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed 
equity instruments that have quoted price. The fair value of all equity instruments which are traded in the stock 
exchanges is valued using the closing price as at the reporting period
b)
 Le
vel 2: level 2 hierarchy includes mutual funds. The mutual funds are valued using the closing NAV provided by 
the fund management Company at the end of each reporting year.
     
c)
 Le
vel 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is 
included in level 3
     
d)
 The
 investments in equity instruments are not held for trading. Instead, they are held for medium or long-term 
strategic purpose. Upon the application of Ind AS 109, the Company has chosen to designate these investments 
in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as the directors believe that this provides a more meaningful presentation 
for medium or long-term strategic investments, than reflecting changes in fair value immediately in profit or 
loss.
e)
 The
 company has invested in the energy generating companies as per the regulation of Electricity Act. Although 
the investments are classified as “Equity” shares, as per IND AS 32 –”Financial Instruments, Presentation” the 
definition of “equity” requires an entitlement in the residual interest in net assets whereas the Company as per 
share holder agreement requires to transfer the shares at cost. However, no changes are given effect to the 
above as per IND AS 32, since the regulation of Electricity Act does not permit distribution in any other manner. 
IND AS 109 requires an equity share other than investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures to be 
valued at “Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income” if elected initially or valued at “Fair Value Through 
Profit and Loss Account”.  However, on account of what is stated in the previous paragraph, these shares are 
shown at cost and the fair value is deemed to be the cost. 
     
f
)
 The
 company has invested in the equity shares of Lucas TVS Limited. This investment is considered to be a 
level 3 fair valuation. Valuation technique used - Market Approach: Comparable companies Method (“CCM”) 
(EV/EBITDA Multiple i.e. Enterprise Value/Earnings Before Interest Tax Depreciation and Amortization 
multiple).
 
g)
 Sig
nificant unobservable inputs - EV/EBITDA Multiple at 8x (Previous Year - EV/EBITDA Multiple at 9x)
 
 Relationship
 of Unobservable Inputs to Fair Value - A slight increase or decrease in the multiple will result in 
an increase or decrease in the fair value. A decrease in the multiple by 0.5x would result in a decrease in the 
fair value by ` 1350 Lakhs and an increase in the multiple by 0.5x would result in a increase in the fair value by  
` 1350 Lakhs .
h)
 The
 Company has not disclosed the fair values for loans, cash and bank balances, trade receivables, other 
financial assets, trade payables, and other financial liabilities because their carrying amounts are a reasonable 
approximation to the fair value.
     
i)
 The
re have been no transfers between levels 1 and 2 during the year.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 292 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
289
Annual Report 2024-25
46 Financial risk management
Financial Risk Management Framework
     
Company
’s principal financial liabilities comprise  trade payables and other financial liabilities. The main purpose of these 
financial liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations. The Company’s principal financial assets include Investments, Trade 
receivables, loans, cash and bank balances and other financial assets that derive directly from its operations
  
Risk Exposur
es and Responses
     
The 
Company is exposed to market risk, interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s 
senior management oversees the management of these risks. The Company’s senior management assesses the financial risks 
and the appropriate financial risk governance framework in accordance with the Company’s policies and risk objectives. The 
Board of Directors review and agree on policies for managing each of these risks, which are summarised below.
i)
 Cr
edit risk 
     
  Cr
edit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the 
Company. The Company has adopted policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and obtaining sufficient 
collateral, where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of financial loss from defaults. The Company only transacts 
with entities that are rated the equivalent of investment grade and above. The Company uses other publicly available 
financial information and its own trading records to rate its major customers. The Company’s exposure and the credit 
ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread 
amongst approved counterparties.
     
  T
rade receivables consist of a four to five major OEMs and large number of small customers, spread across diverse 
industries and geographical areas. Ongoing credit evaluation is performed on the financial condition of accounts receivable. 
At 31
st March, 2025, the Company did not consider there to be any significant concentration of credit risk which had not 
been adequately provided for. The carrying amount of the financial assets recorded in the financial statements represents 
the  maximum exposure to credit risk.
     
  Oth
er financial assets mainly comprises of rental deposits, security deposits and loans which are given to landlords or 
other governmental agencies in relation to contracts executed and related parties are assessed by the Company for credit 
risk on a continuous basis.
     
ii)
 Mark
et risk 
    
  Mark
et risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in 
market prices.  Market prices comprise three types of risk i.e. interest rate risk, currency risk, and Commodity risk. 
 Inte
rest rate risk 
    
  The
 company has no outstanding borrowings  and investment in bonds at fixed rates. Accordingly, no interest rate risk is 
perceived. 
 F
oreign currency risk 
    
  F
oreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instruments will fluctuate because 
of changes in foreign exchange rates.  The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from transactions i.e. 
imports of materials, recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Company’s functional 
currency. The Company has not entered into any derivative contracts to hedge its foreign currency exposure during the 
reporting period.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 293 =====
290
India Nippon Electricals Limited
  The y ear end foreign currency exposures that have not been hedged by a derivative instrument  or otherwise are as 
under:
Particulars Currency 31st March, 2025 31st March, 2024
 Amount 
in Foreign 
Currency 
 Amount in `  Amount 
in Foreign 
Currency 
 Amount in `
Trade Receivables EUR  2  174  2  189 
USD  17  1,483  8  692 
Trade Payables GBP  -    -    -  8 
USD  7  579  3  289 
JPY  -    -    47  27 
CNY  52  609  26  308 
Particulars Currency 31st March, 2025 31st March, 2024
Increase Decrease Increase Decrease
Effect on profit before tax EUR  8.52  (8.52)  9.43  (9.43)
Increase/(Decrease) of 5% USD  44.16  (44.16)  20.29  (20.29)
JPY  -    -    (1.34)  1.34 
CNY  (31.05)  31.05  (15.40)  15.40 
GBP  -    -    (0.39)  0.39 
Commodity Risk 
    
The 
company has commodity price risk, primarily related to the purchases  of Steel, Aluminium and Copper. However, the 
Company do not bear significant exposure to earnings risk, as such changes are included in the rate-recovery mechanisms 
with the customers.
 
iii)
 Liquidity ris
k 
     
The 
company’s principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents and the cash flow that is generated from 
operations. The company has no outstanding bank borrowings. The company believes that the working capital is sufficient 
to meet its current requirements. Accordingly, no liquidity risk is perceived.
The tables below set out the maturities of the Company’s financial liabilities:
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 Total
Up to 1 year 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years 5 years and 
above
Trade payables  14,017  -    -    -    14,017 
Lease Liability  109  130  -    -    239 
Other financial liabilities  2,843  -    -    -    2,843 
Total  16,969  130  -     -     17,099 
Particulars As at 31st March, 2024 Total
Up to 1 year 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years 5 years and 
above
Trade payables  13,033  -    -    -    13,033 
Lease Liability  108  239  -    -    347 
Other financial liabilities  2,549  -    -    -    2,549 
Total  15,690  239  -     -     15,929 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 294 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
291
Annual Report 2024-25
47 Additional regulatory information as required by Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
a)
 The
 Company does not have any benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the 
Company for holding any benami property.
        
b)
 The
 Company did not have any transactions with companies struck off.
 
c)
 The
 Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory 
period.
        
d)
 The
 Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year.
e)
 The
 Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(intermediaries) with the understanding that the intermediary shall:
 (i) 
  dir
ectly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Company ( ultimate beneficiaries) or
        
 (ii) 
 pr
ovide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries
f)
 The
 Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (funding party) with 
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
 (i) 
  dir
ectly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or 
        
 (ii) 
 pr
ovide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries,
 
g)
 The
 Company does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of account that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or 
any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
 
h)
 The
 Company has not been declared willful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or other lender.
 
i)
 The
 Company does not have any scheme of arrangements which have been approved by the competent authority in terms 
of sections 230 to 237 of the Act.
        
j)
 The
 Company has complied with the  number of layers prescribed under of Section 2(87) of the Act read with the Companies 
(Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.  
        
k)
 The
 Company has no borrowings, accordingly no returns required to furnished on periodical basis to banks, financial 
institutions or others.
        
l)
  Additional 
information as required under schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, of enterprises consolidated as subsidiary
Name of the Company As% of 
consolidated 
net assets
Net 
assets
As% of 
consolidated 
profit or loss
Share of 
profit or 
loss
As% of 
consolidated 
OCI
Share of 
OCI
As% of total 
comprehensive 
income
Total 
comprehensive 
income
31st March, 2025
Parent
India Nippon Electricals Limited 100%  71,118 99.76%  10,268 100%  3,387 342%  11,590 
Foreign subsidiary
PT Automotive Systems 
Indonesia 1%  403 0.24%  25 0%  -   1%  25 
Adjustments arising on 
consolidation (1%)  (404)  -   0%  -   (33%)  -   
100%  71,117 100%  10,293 100%  3,387 310%  11,615 
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 295 =====
292
India Nippon Electricals Limited
Name of the Company As% of 
consolidated 
net assets
Net 
assets
As% of 
consolidated 
profit or loss
Share of 
profit or 
loss
As% of 
consolidated 
OCI
Share of 
OCI
As% of total 
comprehensive 
income
Total 
comprehensive 
income
31st March, 2024
Parent
India Nippon Electricals Limited 100%  62,326 102%  7,745 100%  2,599 327%  8,507 
Foreign subsidiary
PT Automotive Systems 
Indonesia 1%  403 1%  22 0%  -   1%  22 
Adjustments arising on 
consolidation (1%)  (404) (30%)  -   0%  -   (33%)  -   
Total 100%  62,325 100%  7,578 100%  2,599 100%  8,529 
48 Audit Trial:
The Company has deployed various accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the year ended 31 st March, 
2025, which have a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all 
relevant transactions recorded in the software except that audit trail feature was not enabled at the database level to log any 
direct data changes with respect to Payroll software. This has not resulted in any impact on the operating effectiveness of 
the Company’s internal financial controls. Adequate alternate control exists to ensure that the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting have operated effectively throughout the financial year.The audit trail that was enabled and operated for the 
year ended 31
st March, 2024, has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention
49 Material reclassification:
Pursuant to the opinion issued by the Expert Advisory Committee (EAC) of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India in 
February 2025, the Company has reclassified employee-related payables pertaining to the previous year, amounting to ` 788 
Lakhs, from ‘Trade Payables’ to ‘Other Financial Liabilities’ to ensure alignment with the presentation requirements under Ind 
AS and Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013.
50 Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments covered under Section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013 :
(i) 
 Adv
ances in the nature of loans given to Companies as at 31st March, 2025: ` Nil (As at 31st March, 2024: ` Nil)
(ii) 
  Det
ails of investments made under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 are disclosed in Note 8. There are no loans/
guarantees issued under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules issued thereunder.
 
51 Analytical ratios
Ratio Current year Previous year % Variance Remarks
Current ratio  2.38  2.51 (5.27%) Not applicable
Return on equity 12% 10% 23.07% Not applicable
Inventory turnover ratio  8.12  7.98 1.73% Not applicable
Trade receivables turnover ratio  5.43  5.54 (2.13%) Not applicable
Trade payables turnover ratio  4.26  4.39 (2.83%) Not applicable
Net capital turnover ratio  3.34  2.81 18.74% Not applicable
Net profit ratio 9.74% 8.19% 18.92% Not applicable
Return on capital employed 14% 12% 19.49% Not applicable
Return on investment* 14% 15% (5.37%) Not applicable
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 296 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
293
Annual Report 2024-25
Ratio Numerator Denominator
Current Ratio Current Assets Current liabilities
Return On Equity Profit available for Equity shareholders Average Shareholder's Equity
Inventory Turnover Ratio COGS Average inventory
Trade Receivables Turnover Ratio Net credit sales (net of sales returns) Average accounts receivable
Trade Payables Turnover Ratio Net credit purchases (net of purchase 
returns)
Average trade payables
Net Capital Turnover Ratio Net sales Net working capital
Net Profit Ratio PAT Net sales 
Return On Capital Employed PBIT (Tangible net worth = Total assets-
Intangible assets-Total liabilities ) 
(though investments are not tangible, 
they are generally included while 
computing tangible net worth )
Return On Investment Income generated on Investments Average Investments*
* Due to practical difficulties in arriving at the time weighted average investments, yearly average of investments is considered.
@ Explanations are provided for any change in the ratio by more than 25% as compared to 31
st March, 2024
52 Approval of Financial Statements
The Board of Directors have also reviewed the realizable value of all the current assets of the Company and have confirmed 
that the value of such assets in the ordinary course of business will not be less than the value at which these are recognised 
in the standalone financial statements. In addition, the Board has also confirmed the carrying value of the non-current assets 
in the financial statements. The Board, duly taking into account all the relevant disclosures made, has approved these financial 
statements at its meeting held on 30
th  May, 2025.
53 Events after the reporting period
No adjusting or significant non-adjusting events have occurred since the reporting date.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
India Nippon Electricals Limited
CIN:  L31901TN1984PLC011021
T K Balaji                              Arvind Balaji
Chairman                            Managing Director
DIN:00002010 DIN:00557711
Elango Srinivasan S Logitha
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: Chennai
Date: 30
th May, 2025
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.) (All amounts are in Lakhs of Indian Rupees , unless otherwise stated)
===== PAGE 297 =====
Notes
===== PAGE 298 =====
Notes
===== PAGE 299 =====
Notes
===== PAGE 300 =====

===== PAGE 301 =====
