SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/MINDACORP-Concall_May_2026_Transcript.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
The Officer-In-Charge (Listing) 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: MINDACORP 
Head - Listing Operations, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 538962 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Subject: Transcription of Conference Call with Investors/Analysts held on May 22, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached herewith transcription of Conference call with Investors/Analysts held on May 22, 2026.  
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge.  Kindly let us know if any other informat ion is required in this 
regard. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Minda Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
Pardeep Mann 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A13371 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
   Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Minda Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges on May 22, 2026, will prevail.  
  
 
 
                
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AAKASH MINDA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 M R. AJAY AGARWAL – GCFO AND PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE & STRATEGY 
 M R. NITESH JAIN – LEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 
. 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Minda Corporation Q4 and 
FY26 Conference Call hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need any assistance during this conference, please signal for an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone.  
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chirag Jain, Emkay Global Financial 
Services Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chirag Jain: Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I would like to welcome the management 
team of Minda Corporation and thank them for this opportunity. Today, we 
have with us Mr. Aakash Minda, Executive Director; Mr. Ajay Agarwal, 
Group CFO and President, Finance and Strategy; and Mr. Nitesh Jain, Lead, 
Investor Relations. 
 I shall now hand over the call to the management team for their opening 
remarks, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, gentlemen. 
Aakash Minda: Thank you, Chirag and Emkay Global for hosting this call. Good afternoon, 
everybody. Welcome to the Q4 and the FY26 Earnings Conference Call for 
Minda Corporation Limited. I hope you are all doing well. It is a pleasure to 
connect with you today and present the company's performance for the quarter 
and the full financial year, along with the key developments across our 
businesses. 
 I will begin with a brief overview of the macroeconomic environment, 
followed by current trends in the automotive industry. Ajay Agarwalji will then 
take you through our financial and operational performance for the quarter and 
full year, after which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
 As FY26 concludes, the global economy has demonstrated notable resilience 
despite rising complexities. Geopolitical tensions in the Middle East are 
fueling commodity price swings and inflationary pressures, while emerging 
markets face uneven recovery. Amidst these global uncertainties, India 
continues to distinguish itself with strong performance. 
 Rising capacity utilization and the activation of private sector capacities 
reinforce a supportive domestic macroeconomic environment, providing a 
===== PAGE 4 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 3 of 21 
 
solid foundation for our growth ambitions. Additionally, the increase in 
minimum wages announced by a couple of states like UP and Haryana 
governments effective 1st April 2026 is being addressed through productivity 
enhancements, controlled headcount additions and improved workload 
management. 
 Turning to the automotive sector. India concluded FY26 on a strong note. After 
a cautious start, the second half saw a synchronized recovery across key 
segments, supported by fiscal and monetary measures, personal income tax 
rationalization and GST rate reductions which enhance customer affordability 
and disposable income. 
Despite challenges from geopolitical tensions and commodity price volatility, 
the industry maintained strong momentum throughout FY26, reflecting 
underlying demand across the domestic market. The sector, however, faced 
significant inflationary pressures over the past 5 months. 
Prices for major commodities such as steel, aluminum and copper continued to 
rise, compounded by higher freight, packaging, energy costs as well as a broad 
increase in petrochemical linked expenses. While this commodity inflation is 
passed to the customer, it continues to influence overall cost structures. 
 Q4 of FY26 witnessed strong performance across all major vehicle segments. 
The 2-wheeler segment witnessed strong growth of about 21% year-on-year, 
growth led by GST reforms, urban demand strengthened and rising EV 
adoption. 
 Passenger Vehicle segments delivered record high sales with a growth of about 
11.3% year-on-year, driven by favorable macros, premiumization trends and 
rising contributions from SUVs and EVs. Commercial Vehicle segment 
reported broad-based growth across MHCV and LCVs categories of about 20% 
year-on-year growth. 
 The tractor segment continued its momentum with a growth of more than 37% 
year-on-year basis, led by policy reforms and macro support and with 
continued momentum expected despite geopolitical and commodity risks. 
Overall, the auto industry grew by 20% and closed Q4 FY26 on a firm footing 
with a stable macroeconomic conditions and policy-led affordability gain. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 Now coming to Minda Corporation, the Q4 FY26 marked a record-breaking 
quarter across all metrics for Minda Corporation with delivering its highest 
ever revenue, EBITDA and PAT. During Q4 FY26, the company surpassed 
consensus estimates, delivering its highest ever quarterly revenue of INR 1,704 
crores, a growth of 29% on a year-on-year basis. 
 The company reported its highest EBITDA of INR 203 crores with a growth 
of 33% on a year-on-year basis, along with 11.9% EBITDA margin. The PAT 
reached INR 124 crores with a PAT margin of 7.3%, supported by improved 
operational efficiencies and a favorable product mix. 
 For the full year FY26, the company delivered highest ever annual revenue of 
INR 6,185 crores, registering a growth of 22.3% on year-on-year basis. The 
company reported EBITDA of INR 721 crores with a growth of 25.5% on year-
on-year basis with a margin expansion of 29 basis points. PAT for the full year 
was INR 358 crores, marking a growth of 40.3% year-on-year basis. 
 On our associate company Flash Electronics, Flash has continued to deliver 
strong performance with revenues of INR 1,803 crores in FY26 with an 
EBITDA of INR 310 crores and a margin of 17.2%, The strategic partnership 
has significantly strengthened our presence in high-growth domains such as 
EV power electronics, traction motors, motor controllers and vehicle control 
units. This collaboration continues to deliver operational synergies and will 
play a pivotal role in achieving our growth roadmap. 
 We have further strengthened our strategic footprint in the rapidly growing 
electric mobility ecosystem through joint ventures with Turntide Technologies 
of U.K. This partnership leverages Turntide's global technology expertise 
along with Spark Minda Corporation's manufacturing and localization 
strength, enabling the delivery of advanced, cost competitive and locally 
manufactured powertrain solutions to meet the customer requirements. 
 Additionally, in the year, through our newly formed joint venture with 
Toyodenso of Japan, we have secured significant orders for switches from 
leading Japanese OEMs with operations expected to commence in Q4 FY27. 
 Building on our strategic growth initiatives, Minda Corporation will now 
consolidate our associate company, Minda VAST, into the Minda Corporation 
from this fiscal year after the change in our shareholder agreement with our 
===== PAGE 6 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 5 of 21 
 
joint venture partner. This will enhance the 4-wheeler system solutions and 
platform-based offerings to our customers. 
 Our performance continues to be guided by following key pillars of growth, 
which are: one, investment in existing businesses; second, export-led growth; 
third, premiumization of existing products; fourth, new product launches; fifth, 
new customer addition and increased penetration in existing customers; and 
sixth, investment into R&D and technology. 
 In recognition of our shareholders, the Board of Directors have recommended 
a final dividend of 40% that is INR 0.80 per equity share on the face value, 
taking the total dividend for the year to 70%, that is INR 1.40 per equity share. 
 The company also continued to strengthen its business fundamentals during 
the year through new order wins having lifetime value exceeded of INR 10,000 
crores across existing and emerging product categories supported by increasing 
customer engagements and higher content per vehicle opportunities. Our focus 
on technology-led products, localization initiatives and premium product 
offering continues to support the long-term growth visibility across domestic 
and export markets. 
 Looking ahead, we remain committed to executing our strategic priorities with 
continued focus on enhancing our system solutions offering, strengthening our 
customer relationships and investing in new technologies and our core. 
Our key focus remains on disciplined capital allocation, expanding our 
presence in high-growth segments and advancing R&D capabilities that will 
drive long-term value creation for our shareholders and stakeholders. 
 With that, I would now like to invite Mr. Ajay Agarwal, Group CFO, to take 
you through the detailed financial performance and key highlights for the 
quarter. Over to you. Thank you. 
Ajay Agarwal: Thank you, Aakash. Before I start, I'm assuming all of you would have received 
the slides which have already been uploaded in the system. I'll start from Slide 
number 2. It talks about the company's overview and its scale of operations. 
 Like Aakash briefly touched upon, our Group revenue for FY26 stood at INR 
90 billion, and the consolidated revenue stood at INR 6,185 crores. We have a 
===== PAGE 7 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 6 of 21 
 
manufacturing footprint, which includes 42 plants with over 23,000 associates 
and employees across our plants and offices all over the world. 
 We remain focused on innovation which enabled us to file 330 patents during 
the fiscal year, of which 147 have already been granted. We work with 950 
engineers across our offices and plants. And we are extremely proud of the 
work which they continue to do on year-on-year basis, quarter-on-quarter 
basis. 
 Moving to Slide number 4. During the quarter, we registered highest ever 
quarterly revenue of INR 1,704 crores, reflecting a growth of 29% year-on-
year. EBITDA margin stood at 11.9%, with 37 basis points improvement over 
last year. 
 Our lifetime order book recorded INR 3,500 crores during the quarter. And 
along with that, we have secured multiple platform-level instrument cluster 
orders from several leading OEMs. During the quarter, we filed 11 patents and 
resulting in the total patent filing to be in the range of 330. 
 Talking about for the full year. For the full year, the revenue grew at 22.3%, 
despite macro and micro challenging economic environment we operated. 
EBITDA margin stood at 11.7%, expanding our margin by 29 basis points 
year-on-year. 
 We recorded a lifetime order book of INR 10,000 crores, contributing about 
20% from exports order. During the year, we have acquired several land 
parcels in industrial clusters which will help in the future for our expansion and 
establishing different plants across these various locations. 
 Net-net, for the full year, we recorded our highest ever revenue at INR 6,185 
crores. We recorded highest EBITDA at INR 721 crores. We recorded highest 
PAT at INR 358 crores. We spent highest-ever capex for FY25-26 at INR 413 
crores. Aakash briefly touched upon our partnership with Turntide. We are 
extremely proud of this partnership. The joint venture has already been 
established during the first week of March 2026. 
It combines clearly Turntide's global technology with our own expertise to 
deliver premium, localized electric vehicle solution and system solution to 
several of our 2-wheelers, 3-wheelers and LCV customers. It offers high-
===== PAGE 8 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 7 of 21 
 
quality cost-competitive product, including axial flux motors, EV motors, 
electric water pump and motor controller, amongst several other product and 
portfolio which Turntide has. 
 Moving to Slide number 9refers to several of our products, and it gives you a 
glimpse of our revenue mix across our product portfolio. Wiring harness 
contributed 31% of our revenue. It's the maximum revenue has been 
contributed by wiring harness. Vehicle access contributed 22%, die casting 
contributed 15% and cluster business contributed 17%. 
 Speaking about mobility-wise revenue split, 2-wheeler and 3-wheeler 
contributed 48% of the group's revenue. Commercial Vehicle contributed 28%. 
Passenger Vehicle contributed 14% and Aftermarket contributed about 10%. 
With the consolidation of Minda VAST business with Minda Corporation from 
FY 27 onwards, it will certainly accelerate our vision to achieve 25% revenue 
from Passenger Vehicle segment, which currently stands at about 14%. 
 Moving to Slide number 10. It briefly talks about Flash Electronics 
performance. Flash also did quite well throughout the whole year, particularly 
in Q4 as well. The Q4 and full year revenue stood at INR 493 crores and INR 
1,803 crores, respectively. EBITDA margin stood at 18% and PAT margin 
stood at 9.9%. From a full year perspective, it is INR 310 crores EBITDA and 
a PAT and PAT margin of INR 137 crores with 7.6%, respectively. 
 Aakash briefly touched upon several of our guided principle and strategic 
pillars, and I'll not dwell too much into it. Clearly, the group is extremely 
focused on those pillars and we'll be guided how we are performing, and we 
will measure our success basis how we are performing across those 5, 6 pillars. 
 So looking ahead, we continue to invest in our growth through new product 
categories, strategic partnership. Toyodenso is a classic example. Turntide is 
another example, and several of those are there in the pipeline and our R&D 
capabilities. 
Our focus remains on expanding our footprint in high-growth areas like EV, 
strengthening our customer relationship and building on our leadership in key 
technology-driven segments.  So all in all, year has been extremely good 
and quarter particularly has been good. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 8 of 21 
 
So with this, thank you, and I will now hand it over to operator for the Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. The first question is from the line of Jay Kale from 
Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jay Kale: Congratulations on a great set of numbers, significantly outperforming the 
industry. My first question is regarding your Information & Connected System. 
We've seen that it has seen a steady growth rate outperforming our overall 
company growth rate over the year. 
 If you could just point out a few things on the wiring harness. Where are we in 
terms of market share gains because of the localization? Where are we in terms 
of localization content? And which segment are we gaining market share and 
outperforming the industry? 
 And within that also, in instrument clusters also, whether the new orders that 
we had received in the last 1 or 2 years, how have they been shaping up and 
the outlook going forward? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So, I'll first start with the wiring harness. Again, wiring harness has been 
one of the core for the group for a long time and as we have shared over the 
past few years, we have been focusing on particularly localization, where the 
connectors and the couplers become a very important part. 
So now the requirement of Minda Corporation is being fulfilled to the tune of 
about 18% to 19% by our own division and we are now working on a couple 
of other technology-related products when it comes to the ICE or even high 
voltage or electric vehicle mobility as well as on the electronics connectors is 
what we are working on with this division through our investment into the own 
engineering capabilities and again, partnering up with a couple of international 
companies. 
 With respect to the market share, as you know, the Japanese 4-wheeler 
passenger vehicle is catered by our joint venture company, Minda Furukawa. 
So that is something that we do not approach. But the market share gains have 
been largely in 2-wheelers, 3-wheelers as well as Commercial Vehicles. 
So, these are areas that are giving us growth along with the premiumization. 
We have also seen a couple of addition of new customers as well as increase 
in content from the high-voltage wiring harnesses and connectors. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 9 of 21 
 
 When it comes to the instrument clusters as a business, as we've also shared 
before that we've been in the journey of increasing the kit value by way of 
premiumization and offering from component to system to platform-related 
products. Now here, we have won multiple orders over the past year or 2 on 
account of the TFT clusters ranging from 3-inch, 4-inch going up to even 15-
inch. 
 And in the previous quarter and in the next quarters to come, we'll see some of 
them coming into SOP, and this is across segments, which is Passenger Vehicle 
as well as Commercial Vehicle as a complete platform-related product and 2-
wheelers also from domestic and exports. 
Jay Kale: Understood. And my second question is regarding your Turntide JV. How 
should one look at it the scope of this JV, especially with Flash Electronics also 
having EV motors? What is the area that is solving your needs with Turntide 
which Flash wasn't? And how should these 2 go ahead from a customer as well 
as segment perspective? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So Turntide is from U.K. and they have a legacy from Sevcon and 
BorgWarner, which are pretty famous companies in the automotive industry. 
Turntide brings in from the motor perspective, axial flux technology, which 
Flash does not have and axial flux can be again used in all vehicle segments, 
particularly where the space is a constraint. 
So that is where the axial flux technology comes from Turntide. When it comes 
to the motor controllers, below a certain threshold is done by Flash Electronics 
and above certain thresholds for the 3-wheeler as well as the Commercial 
Vehicle segment is going to be done by Turntide. 
Jay Kale: And they don't have Passenger Vehicle EV motor capability as of yet, right? 
Aakash Minda: No. For Passenger Vehicle EV motor capabilities, Flash Electronics already 
have the product developed through their technical center in Poland. We are 
already under discussion with a few customers where our products are in active 
engagement in India for the Passenger Vehicle motors and a complete system. 
Jay Kale: Understood. And if you can just speak a little bit about the commodity 
pressures in this quarter and going forward in the next quarter? And how much 
===== PAGE 11 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 10 of 21 
 
could this increase in labor cost impact your margins going forward? Some 
guidance on the margins? 
Ajay Agarwal: See, obviously, as you know, commodity cycle has been extremely volatile. 
And when I look at across our main commodity, whether it is copper, zinc and 
aluminum, throughout the year, we saw escalation anywhere between 30% to 
40% and most of our contracts with our customers are on pass-through basis. 
So any escalation should not necessarily eat up our margin. 
 But definitely, since there is no profit element attached to the escalation, you 
would see some bit of impact on the EBITDA margin. But from a cost 
escalation point of view, it should not eat up our profit. What will happen in 
the future, it's very difficult to predict how the commodity cycle will move. 
But looking at last 20, 30 years, we always found that after every alternative 3 
years, commodity cycle moves on an uptrend basis. So unless and until the 
geopolitical situation improves, we don't see this cooling off at least in the next 
quarter or so. 
So we are fully prepared to take control of commodity and fully prepared how 
do we deal with the escalation and speaking with our customers to see if we 
can manage the escalation in the best possible manner. 
Jay Kale: Understood. Just one last. Your revenue and EBITDA for Flash is largely 
stable on a quarter-on-quarter basis, but PAT has moved up significantly. Any 
line item you would want to call out below EBITDA on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. For the Flash Electronics, again, largely the focus has been on the electric 
vehicle mobility, where on quarter-on-quarter, we can see how the penetration 
of the 2-wheeler or the 3-wheeler industry has been moving per se. 
 But largely, when there are some of the export orders from the metallics 
business that are coming into effect in this quarter. Hence, we can see the rise, 
particularly, and as well as the high utilization of capacities from the Flash 
point of view. So hence, you can see this amount of jump in the bottom line. 
Jay Kale: Okay. No, I was just referring to the difference of PAT?  
===== PAGE 12 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Ajay Agarwal: Yes. So PAT is mainly to do with the interest cost. I think their overall interest 
cost has gone down, which has resulted in a better PAT performance. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandhan from Nuvama 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Raghunandhan: Congratulations on strong results once again and thank you for the detailed 
opening remarks. Sir, my first question, the share of profit from associates for 
the full year was at INR 81 crores. Can you give a breakup? I mean, INR 67 
crores is from Flash. Can you indicate the remaining amount? What would be 
the share of VAST and Furukawa? And also for VAST, if you can share some 
numbers on revenue, EBITDA, PAT for full year FY26? 
Ajay Agarwal: So you're right, Raghu. Flash contributed about INR 70 crores in contributing 
to the PAT. Furukawa contributed about INR 8 crores. EVQ did not contribute 
and Minda VAST contributed about INR 5 crores. From a Minda VAST 
perspective, last year, they did about, give or take, INR 500 crores revenue 
with an EBITDA margin of about 7%. We expect the EBITDA performance 
to improve in the current fiscal year with the improvement in top line as well. 
Raghunandhan: Thank you. That is useful, sir. And VAST revenue would be predominantly 
PV? 
Ajay Agarwal: Predominantly PV, yes. 
Aakash Minda: Yes. The VAST revenue more than 90% is Passenger Vehicle. 
Raghunandhan: Noted, sir. That is very helpful. And because you've been winning large orders 
across categories, for FY27, which would be the major segments where order 
executions are expected? How do you see the share of segments moving in 
FY27? Which segments are likely to outperform? 
Aakash Minda: So Raghu, largely the pie will remain similar once the Minda VAST is 
definitely added. So, the Passenger Vehicle segment at the overall Minda 
Corporation level will grow north of 20%. However, in terms of the products 
wise, you can say the instrument cluster business as well as the wiring harness 
business will see the maximum amount of product launches, followed by the 
die casting for exports will be the top 3. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 12 of 21 
 
The other segments, which include our electric vehicle mobility products, 
sensors, various electronic products like wireless chargers and others, that will 
also come into mass production. 
Raghunandhan: Noted, sir. For switches and sunroof, FY28 will be the first full year of 
operation. Based on the orders received, how do you see the revenue potential 
in the first year? 
Aakash Minda: So yes, for sunroof, we have received the lifetime order of about INR 350 
crores last year. We are getting into the mass production in the next 4 to 5 
months. So yes, FY28 will be the first full year revenue. When it comes to the 
switches, which is coming again into the mass production by March this year, 
so the FY28 will be the ramp-up year, I would say. So the first peak year would 
be, let's say, FY29 for the switches joint venture. 
Raghunandhan: Noted, sir. Extremely helpful. Just a last question. For FY27, can you indicate 
what would be your capex and investments? 
Ajay Agarwal:  So our capex has been in the range of INR 350 crores to INR 400 crores. And 
this year also, we expect to be in that range, maybe 10% plus of that, close to 
about INR 400 crores, INR 450 crores capex we are expecting for fiscal year 
2026-27. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Haitong. Please go 
ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: Sir, with the increased content per vehicle across EV and premium vehicle, so 
how does you see Minda's content per vehicle opportunity evolving across 2-
wheeler, PV and CV segment? And also the strategic JV that we have done. So 
when do we see the ventures contributing meaningfully to revenue and 
profitability? And what is the expected scale over the next 3 to 5 years? And 
another, if you can give some outlook on the CV side? Thank you. 
Aakash Minda: Yes, I think there are multiple questions. But I think I'll just start by sharing 
that we just answered the questions of the new joint venture that we have 
signed. Sunroof is coming into SOP this year. The joint venture for the 
switches is coming by March. So let's say, the April of FY28. 
 When it comes to the Turntide joint venture, we have already secured 
businesses and the existing running businesses are already being transferred in 
===== PAGE 14 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 13 of 21 
 
the next 3 to 4 months. So the SOP is expected to happen in this year. And 
probably, you can see the peak starting from next year because the EV 
penetration will increase. 
 Your last question was on account of the electric vehicle mobility. Of course, 
the penetration across segments is increasing year-on-year. We have seen 
particularly after the West Asia war, the focus on electric vehicle mobility in 
2-wheeler segment as well as the passenger vehicle segment is increasing. 
And we, with our products, are fully ready to cater that across segments from 
power electronics to motors to electric charging-related product lines, etcetera, 
as a system solution offering. So if you could also repeat your first question, 
then I could share more highlights on that. 
Jyoti Singh: Yes. So sir, I was asking on the EV side and the premium vehicle. So how we 
are seeing the content per vehicle opportunity is now evolving across EV that 
is evolving across 2-wheeler, PV and CV s ide? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So premiumization is one of our core pillars of growth going forward. 
Now it depends on different product lines, but the major is driven by 
electronics and system solution offering. If I look at the wiring harness space, 
you can say somewhere about every year in totality on an average about 20% 
increase in the kit value is seen across products, across segments. 
That is something which is, as a general rule of thumb, you can say, with the 
approach that we have moving forward and adding products in terms of 
adjacencies as well as system solutions offering from premiumization 
perspective. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. Thank you, sir. Sir, last question is on the CV outlook side. What kind 
of opportunity we are seeing going forward? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So, CV is again expected to continue the growth largely by, again, the 
exports that are being driven by the India, India is growing, extreme amount of 
roads and transportation is being built across, the number of highways that are 
being built is phenomenal. 
There are more and more airports coming in. So by and large, the economy is 
booming. And so with that, logistics need to move. So Commercial Vehicle is 
expected to do well in the coming quarters as well as in the years. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh Kayal from Boring 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Kayal: Sir, just want to understand what is your status on the die casting and the 
clusters plant. When those would be commissioned and visibility on capacity 
utilization for the same from our order book currently? 
Aakash Minda: So when it comes to our capacity utilization as in the complete group, on an 
average, you can say is somewhere between 75% to 80%, again, spread 
differently. When it comes to the Minda Instruments' second plant, which is 
under commissioning, we expect it to be ready by Q1 of next year, and that 
will house all our advanced electronics technologies from the instrument 
cluster and cockpit point of view. 
 When it comes to the die casting, our one plant is already operational in Noida. 
So that has already started production. Our fifth plant in Pune is under 
commissioning. That should take about 18 months from hereon because that 
will be a majorly export-related facility with much higher and much larger 
equipments and infrastructure. 
Devesh Kayal: Just if you can elaborate on the previous question on the CV outlook because 
we had a good outperformance vis-a-vis the CV OEMs. So can we continue to 
outperform by 2x, 3x even this year? 
Aakash Minda: I will not be able to comment on the 2x, 3x, but I can share that again, a lot of 
things are changing in the Commercial Vehicle segment even, for example, the 
safety side as well as many regulatory aspects such as the tire pressure system, 
the air conditions coming in, long route drives that are happening, charging for 
the Commercial Vehicle, etcetera, is coming along. So definitely, the 
Commercial Vehicle segment order book as well as the growth from the 
volume perspective is definitely bound to continue. 
Devesh Kayal: Okay. And sir, on the synergies with the Flash Electronics. So we were 
expecting the synergies to start from the customer approval side. So do we 
expect from this year we should expect some synergies? 
Aakash Minda: Yes, absolutely. We have already secured some of the orders, particularly in 
our die casting space as we had shared before for the EV motors and other 
===== PAGE 16 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 15 of 21 
 
things. So that is under development and should be under mass production in 
the next 2 quarters or so. 
 Also, our facilities, which are particularly in the Asian countries or Vietnam 
and Indonesia are starting to secure order book for Flash-related customers. So 
that is something which are under works. And of course, the sourcing synergies 
that we had shared, which is expected to receive benefits from Minda 
Corporation as well as the Flash, is expected to start results. 
 Last but not the least is one of the joint ventures that we signed, the Turntide 
is again, something that we're building up on technology along with the Poland 
Tech Centre, Spark Minda Technical Centre and Turntide, with both continue 
to work together to make the magnet-less motors, XN1 products for the 
segments. So these are all avenues how we are coming together as one 
organization. 
Devesh Kayal: Okay. And sir, last question is on the gross margin. So we had 180 bps Quarter-
on-Quarter decline in gross margins. So do we have any levers now because 
R&D spends are now already like 3.2%. So do we have any levers at the opex 
level, which can offset the decline in margins in the near future? 
Ajay Agarwal: Well, the declining margin is mainly on account of RMC going up. Obviously, 
we all saw huge cost pressure because of commodities run up, and I'm hoping 
that things should settle down. Insofar as different levers are concerned, if you 
see our EBITDA margin has improved. 
So therefore, there are other levels where we have worked, which were slightly 
controllable from our end, whether it is people cost, whether it is conversion 
cost, whether it is power cost, several of those levers have helped us to maintain 
the margin despite the RMC cost going up. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chirag Jain from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag Jain: Sir, just wanted to understand the thought process behind the R&D spend. I 
think over the last few years, we have seen a consistent increase, but in FY26, 
we have seen some sort of normalization in terms of R&D spend. So maybe if 
you can elaborate on that? 
===== PAGE 17 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Aakash Minda: Yes. See, the revenue has gone up. Number two, when it comes to the 
investment into engineering, we have strategies in place on how we are and in 
what we are going to invest. So again, product is one side. Second is, of course, 
building our capability in building a robust and resilient supply chain for the 
industry and how our R&D can play a very important part in that. 
 So by upgrading our quality systems, software quality, infrastructure, all those 
things are being put in place. So it's a cycle-based approach where we 
strengthen ourselves on a year-to-year basis as well as consistently optimize 
on where we are spending, but more importantly, come up with the front-end 
solutions, which are the right customer product fits in our platform-based 
approach. 
 So it is how we kind of become more stronger ourselves in the areas that we're 
investing on the R&D. But the amount has not been reduced, but the focus 
areas have been defined, I would say, for us to propel better. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Neel Mehta from DRChoksey. 
Please go ahead. 
Neel Mehta: Congratulations, sir, on a great set of numbers. Can you please decompose the 
29% year-on-year growth into underlying volume growth, CPV expansion and 
new product contribution? 
Aakash Minda: So yes, our growth, particularly in the volume side, if I speak on the segment 
per se, we have grown more than 26% in the 2-wheeler space, outperforming 
the industry by about 12%. Similarly, in our Passenger Vehicles, we have 
grown more than 12%. In the Commercial Vehicle space also, we have grown 
somewhere about 25% as well as in terms of our exports as well, we have 
grown. 
 So segment-wise, everywhere, we can see a growth. When it comes to the 
factor of new products or premiumization, that has led to, you can say, 
somewhere about, out of 29%, you can say somewhere about 12% to 13% of 
growth has come from premiumization of new product addition. And the others 
have been further from the customer penetration and new customer additions. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Taparia, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Rohit Taparia: Sir, I have a couple of questions. First question is that what is your revenue 
outlook for FY27?  
Rohit Taparia: And second question is that as you mentioned that our lifetime order book is 
of INR 10,000 crores. What is the time line for that execution of the current 
order book? 
Ajay Agarwal: While we don't give future outlook in terms of revenue guidance, but our 
guiding principle has been that we want to grow our business at least 50% more 
than the industry growth. So if the industry grows about 10%, so we should 
look at revenue growth in Minda Corporation to the tune of 15% plus. 
 Now our order book is INR 10,000 crores, which we have registered 
throughout the year, and different product, different customer will have a 
different life cycle. Some maybe order for 5 years, so maybe for 6 years. But 
by and large, you can say it ranges anywhere between 48 months to 60 months. 
Rohit Taparia: Okay, sir. And sir, last question earlier, you had given a guidance for FY 2030 
of about INR 17,500 crores approx. So are we in line with that? 
Ajay Agarwal: Yes. So we have kept the long-term vision in mind for 2030 to deliver INR 
17,500 crores top line with 12.5% EBITDA margin. And the whole group is 
working towards achieving those stated numbers. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Hemaant, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Hemaant: Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. So just, sir, in line with the 
question of the previous participant, I wanted to ask you one thing. Like INR 
17,500 crores of revenue by FY 2030, I think it implies a revenue CAGR of 
22% or 25%. So sir, will it be possible to achieve 22% or 25% kind of growth 
in FY27? Any range is fine, sir. 
Ajay Agarwal: So if you look at during FY2025-26, we grew our business by 22% and the 
Group consolidated revenue, including Flash and all, it's roughly, give or take, 
about INR 9,000-odd crores. We are looking at 4-year window to deliver INR 
17,500 crores number. So if we go about 19%, 20% growth from here on, we 
are quite destined to deliver INR 17,500 crores revenue. 
Hemaant: So sir, we should grow at least by 20%, I guess, in FY27, right? 
===== PAGE 19 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Ajay Agarwal: That's right.  
Hemaant: And sir, so basically, we'll be around tripling the revenue from existing INR 
6,200 crores to INR 17,500 crores by FY30? 
Ajay Agarwal: Which will include Flash Electronics as well. So INR 6,200 crores do not 
include Flash Electronics, and it does not include Minda VAST as well. So if 
I include Minda VAST, Flash Electronics and all, then our group revenue today 
stands at about INR 9,000-odd crores. 
Hemaant: So sir, I mean, the vision of FY30 was INR 17,500 crores. It includes Flash 
Electronics as well as the new associate company or just the Minda Corp? 
Aakash Minda: So Mr. Hemant, as we shared that the vision is about INR 17,500 crores, and 
there are multiple initiatives that are being taken on account of organic growth 
as well as inorganic growth. And this accounts for multiple opportunities that 
we are currently working on. At group level, we have shared that we are at INR 
9,000 crores and moving forward, we are working on multiple opportunities, 
including joint ventures, consolidations, M&A opportunities as well as organic 
growth to ensure this. 
Hemaant: So this INR 17,500 crores vision is on a group level on a consolidated basis, 
right, sir? 
Aakash Minda: Yes, that's right. 
Hemaant: So basically, we'll be doubling the revenue. This is what I can say, right? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Arjun Khanna: Congratulations. I think a very strong set of numbers. I think margin delivery, 
which you have talked of, has come through. My first query is in terms of our 
Turntide JV. So while we talk of the axial flux motors, essentially, if one looks 
at the current platforms, so we seem to have more on the radial flux side. 
 So when you say you've won orders already, could you elaborate a little more? 
Are we talking of 2-wheelers, PVs, CVs, which segments are we referring to? 
===== PAGE 20 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 19 of 21 
 
And secondly, in terms of, this JV would be more of an assembly operations 
as of now? Or we would start with localization? 
Aakash Minda: So to first answer your question, whether it is any product or joint venture, we 
are looking at deep localization as much as possible from the SOP itself. And 
that is where Minda Corporation is focusing along with our partners' technical 
center as well as the entire initiative goes there and that is our support or 
offerings to the customer. 
 Number two, when it comes to the Turntide joint venture. As I mentioned, 
we've already won orders when it comes to the motor controllers as well as the 
other electronic space. So that is going to start SOP in about 5 to 6 months. 
And when talking about the motors particularly, there also we are under 
advanced discussion. I may not be able to share further details because of 
confidentiality nature. 
Arjun Khanna: Sure. Just one query out here. Since this technology is slightly different, it's 
superior, but also the cost is higher, do you envision this to become 
substantially larger than the current set of motors? 
Aakash Minda: It depends, to be honest, depending on the segment and the vehicle 
architecture. So again, we are offering the complete portfolio of motors in our 
umbrella. That is the objective that we are going forward with. So if any 
customer would like to take BLDC motor or PMSM motor or axial flux motor, 
we can offer that. So that is our objective and as a complete system solution 
offering. 
Arjun Khanna: Sure. Very helpful. Sir, the second question it's more of a broad question. We 
are hearing a lot of labor cost inflation. Obviously, we would be hit by 
commodity prices. So there would be a base effect impact on margins. But in 
terms of stresses, in spite of that, this quarter, we have actually seen a good 
quarter. How do you see this pan out over the year ahead? Basically, I'm sure 
we'd move towards our direction of 12.5% over a few years. But just in terms 
of the outlook for this year and maybe the next? 
Aakash Minda: So we don't know how other states will react. But as we have mentioned in our 
statements, Minda Corporation is focusing on operational excellence. Now this 
includes being a manufacturing company, how we can put in the best practices 
===== PAGE 21 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 20 of 21 
 
in place by using automation, AI, Industry 5.0, work closely with our suppliers 
in order to work the best for our customers. 
And continuously we engage on our ideas how we can deliver better with the 
same set of people, generate higher revenue and spend our assets, including 
our optimization of the people strength that we have. 
Arjun Khanna: And on the commodity side, sir, have you seen any impact? I know LPG was 
a concern for a number of players, but aside from that availability, etcetera, 
have you faced any issues or with our Tier 2, Tier 3 suppliers? 
Aakash Minda: No, I can say that we have planned our next couple of months in line with our 
customers. So to ensure our customer requirements, we are fully adhering and 
committed for delivering whatever is needed. So we have in place all our 
requirements with our suppliers for all sorts of commodities. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Jay Kale: So first question is on the TPMS as a product. We've seen that in the upcoming 
CAFE regulations, adoption of this product could give benefits to the OEMs. 
Where are we in the adoption as per you? And are we seeing increased 
customer interest? And how large could this product be for you going forward? 
Aakash Minda: So Jay, the focus is on safety. While the Commercial Vehicles, Passenger 
Vehicles, all segments are growing, the vehicle count is increasing and so is 
the concern for safety and accidents in India. So the entire industry is focusing 
along with multiple regulations to reduce the fatality or the accidents. And 
anything that gives an information to the driver and helps in increasing safety 
is something that is what everybody is working for. 
 Tire Pressure Monitoring System is one such key critical sensor, which is in 
the portfolio of Minda Corporation as well as we have multiple orders in place, 
also getting into start of production. I cannot share which customers, what 
segments, but they are across multiple segments that we are already one 
business is coming into mass production soon. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last 
question. I now hand the floor over to the management for closing comments. 
===== PAGE 22 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 May 22, 2026 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Aakash Minda: So, thank you very much, and I would like to really thank Emkay Global for 
organizing this call and thank everyone for joining the call. We at Minda 
Corporation remain highly confident in our growth trajectory both in near term 
and long term, driven by strategic investments and unwavering commitment to 
advancing our products and technologies. We are committed to creating value 
for all our stakeholders and shareholders. 
We're investing deeply in our capabilities in terms of people, capacities, 
capabilities, competencies and technologies across segments and divisions. I 
hope we have been able to respond to most of the queries. For further 
information, we request to please do get in touch with our IR team. Thank you 
very much. Thanks for your support. Have a great day. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 