SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/PRICOLLTD-Concall_Aug_2026_Transcript.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
PL/SEC/TGT/2026-2027/067          Tuesday, 4 th August 2026 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: PRICOLLTD Scrip Code: 540293 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Con-call Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we herewith submit the Transcript for the Con-call held on Friday, 31 st  
July 2026 at 04:00 PM (IST) pertaining to Company’s unaudited financial results for the 
quarter ended 30th June 2026. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pricol Limited 
 
 
 
 
T.G.Thamizhanban 
Company Secretary 
ICSI M.No: F7897 
 
Encl. As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
>::(< pncal 
PR/COL LIMITED 
Passion to Excel 
109, Race Course, 
Coimbatore-641 018, India 
'- +91 422 433 6000 
;:; connect @pricol.com 
_ pricol .com 
CIN L34200TZ2011PLC022194 
;._ CUSTOMERS ;._ EMPLOYEES ;._ SHAREHOLDERS ;._ SUPPLIERS 
===== PAGE 2 =====
PRICOL Limited 
Q1FY’27 Conference Call 
July 31, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the PRICOL Limited Q1-FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on 
your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you. 
Purvangi Jain: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi 
Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of PRICOL Limited. 
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's 
Earnings Conference Call for the 1st Quarter of the Financial Year 2027 
 Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. 
Some of the statements made in today's Earnings Call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs 
as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's Earnings Call is probably to educate 
and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings 
call and hand it over to them for their opening remarks. 
We have with us Mr. Vikram Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. P. M.Ganesh – 
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director, Ms. Madhura Mohan – Executive Director, 
Customer Relationship Management and ESG, and Mr. Priyadarsi Bastia – Chief Financial 
Officer. 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Vikram Mohan to start with his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
===== PAGE 3 =====
Vikram Mohan: Thank you, Purvangi, for the introduction. On behalf of my colleagues in this conference room, 
namaste, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 Earnings Call for the Financial Year 
ending 31st March 2027. 
On a consolidated basis, our revenue from operations has been about Rs.1083.58 crores with 
an EBITDA of Rs.123.69 crores with an EBITDA margin of 11.41%, resulting in a profit after tax 
of Rs.67.02 crores with a PAT margin of 6.19%, resulting in an EPS of Rs.5.50 per one rupee 
share. 
All our performance details have been uploaded, and I hope all of you have had a chance to 
see the same. Our revenue from operations in comparison to the same quarter for the last 
financial year has grown by 23.46%, which has been aided by strong industry growth as well as 
our new product introductions, which has helped us with this growth. The EBITDA has faced 
some headwinds, as I had already indicated earlier. 
Our EBITDA, on a quarter-on-quarter comparison between the same quarter for FY26 has 
grown by only 21.42%. We could have grown by a much higher percentage compared to our 
revenue, but there have been multiple headwinds caused by the West Asia crisis. Polymer 
prices have gone through the roof. LPG prices have gone sky high. 
Freight costs have increased. There has been surge pricing. There has been premium pricing. 
And minimum wages in three states that we are operating have also gone up very sharply 
because of the government intervention in the 1st Quarter. While these are not lost earnings, 
these earnings are delayed and will be recovered through indexation, not entirely, but a large 
part in the corresponding quarters. As the automotive industry typically has indexation for 
things like Forex commodity, which are indexed either quarterly or half yearly, we are 
endeavoring to make everything quarterly indexing. 
So, by the next two quarters, we will recover whatever earnings that we have lost this quarter 
on account of all these increases in costs and headwinds. Our PBT for the similar period against 
Quarter 1 FY26 versus Quarter 1 FY27 has grown by 32.23% and the PAT also has grown by 
34.34%. In terms of industry outlook, demand continues to be robust, but the resumption of 
the war in Iran and those neighboring regions will continue to have an impact on the rupee, 
which is at an all-time low against the US dollar. And since we are dependent on a significant 
amount of imports of electronic child parts for our business, this will continue to hamper our 
profitability, not the top line, which of course we will recover in corresponding quarters. 
Crude oil prices have also firmed up, prices are increasing and expected to further increase in 
the coming quarters because of the ongoing crisis. Freight rates are also at a high and expected 
to remain high for the next few quarters at least from the shipping providers, the intelligence 
provided by them is at least for the next four quarters shipping rates and freight rates both 
inbound and outbound will continue to be very high. In addition, raw material prices other than 
===== PAGE 4 =====
basic raw materials like aluminums die casting and Polymer, even for memory controlled 
devices, which we are dependent on heavily, prices are increasing very, very sharply quarter 
on quarter because of the huge demand created by the AI revolution happening across the 
world. 
We are mitigating some of these increases through VAV, value analysis and value engineering 
and productivity enhancement activities and also requested customers for offsetting part of 
these costs, but some degree of cost will be unrecovered and there will continue to be impact 
on EBITDA till all these global crises resolve and there is some semblance of normalcy returning 
to the world. While we endeavor and promise to continue to grow the business with our 
revenue, EBITDA we believe will continue to remain under pressure for the next couple of 
quarters till normalcy returns. 
As I mentioned, it is not lost earnings, but delayed earnings which will come in the subsequent 
quarters. 
With this, I would like to move to the question answer session. As a matter of protocol, we 
would like to ask people to align in the question queue and restrict yourself to one question 
per person. If you have more than one question, we request you to rejoin the queue so that 
everyone is given a fair chance to ask their question. 
Thank you and over to you Purvangi. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We 
take the first question from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my questions. My first question is just around the 
announced demerger. I just want to understand the thinking behind the proposed demerger 
and also trying to understand sort of at this stage, I think we have been very successful in 
instrument clusters, which has been the core business. 
Sort of the combined entity does give us multi-product exposure, but through the demerger, 
now the core business again becomes sort of a separate entity with single product exposure. 
So, just trying to understand the thinking behind the decision to demerge from the company. I 
will just quickly answer that. 
Vikram Mohan: Thank you, Mr. Muthiah. This has been something that we have been debating at a board level 
and at a strategic level for over two years. The nature of our product in our driver information 
system and connected vehicles business is changing very rapidly. The human-machine interface 
in the vehicle, be it a two-wheeler or a four-wheeler or a commercial vehicle, the climate 
control is integrating, the infotainment is integrating, the driver information is integrating, and 
the technological change is becoming very, very rapid. For PRICOL to continue to maintain its 
===== PAGE 5 =====
lead in this space and to take on the multinational competition, we will be required to invest 
large sums of money and also bring on board potential partners in order to help us strengthen 
this business. When all the businesses are merged in one company, we found it very difficult 
to attract the right kind of investors because each of the business has a different sort of 
investment appetite. 
So, both to attract investments and because we didn't want to go with extensive borrowings, 
we wanted a judicious mix of debt and equity and also to attract certain technological partners 
that we will be forced to onboard in order to maintain our lead in the business. After multiple 
discussions at a board level and with strategic advisors, we took the decision to demerge this 
business to give it a lot more agility in order to be able to raise money as well as look for 
partners to keep maintaining the lead in the business. I hope this answers your question, Mr. 
Muthiah. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Thank you very much and I will join back to you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shivam Kabra from Carnelian Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shivam Kabra: Thanks for taking my question. Sir, basically in the board to demerge business, how we are 
expecting the growth rate to be on the three-year basis line? We are looking for global 
partners. Earlier also we had a relationship with Denso and Johnson but that didn't work out 
well for us. So, now what gives us the positive signals that this time it can be better for that? 
Vikram Mohan: Denso was a very, very old relationship which started in the 80s and 90s when PRICOL lacked 
technology altogether and we needed it. Today, PRICOL has technology for the driver 
information system space. But to integrate things like infotainment, we are not an 
infotainment company or climate control, not climate control but climate control systems. We 
need to integrate all of that in order to be a credible player. So, we are not hurrying to look for 
a technology partner. We are keeping our eyes out. 
We are evaluating people to fill gaps in the technology or perhaps to give us larger scale to be 
able to cater to a global market. We may have to onboard a partner because many of the Indian 
OEMs are also going overseas. And for us to be awarded programs, even for international 
OEMs, they need international presence through a partner. 
More importantly the capital needs of the business is going to be high in the next couple of 
years as we have stated in our demerger document why we are going for demerger. In order 
to give us the flexibility to see capital and technology partners both for technology and for 
market reach, we felt it was best to demerge this business. In terms of growth, we will continue 
to maintain this growth clip that we have been maintaining in the last two years, in the coming 
years also, in the driver information system space. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
In the ACFMS business, we are hoping for a larger growth clip because of our growth rate, 
because the introduction of new products, the first of the LOAs have started coming in and 
productionized. In the Polymer space, the growth is going to be muted as mentioned by me in 
the last call because of lack of capacity, not lack of business. We have won a lot of business for 
which we are creating capacity, but that will take the next 9-12 months to mature, after which 
that business also will maintain a very healthy (+20%) growth rate. 
Moderator: Thank you. we take the next question from the line of Jatin Chawla from RTL Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Jatin Chawla: Hi, good evening and thanks for the opportunity. Given the RM situation in the quarter and 
also given your cautionary stance post the Q4 call, I think you have done a fantastic job in 
limiting the decline only to 160 bps on gross margins and with control on other expenses largely 
maintain your EBITDA margins. So how were you able to do, you know, maintain, limit the 
decline on gross margins to only 160 bps during the quarter and on both gross margins and 
EBITDA margins, how did you see the outlook going forward especially in the context that you 
mentioned that you will get some price hikes from your customers going forward? 
Vikram Mohan: Ideally, Mr. Chawla, I think we should have done at least another 1.5% to 2% overall margin 
would have been better because the fixed costs have got amortized on a larger top line base. 
In fact, the Polymer business probably took a bigger impact than the driver information systems 
business. And with the prices being corrected, at least about 75% of our revenue, Q2 we will 
get some indexation and the balance will go to Q3 because of the half yearly indexation which 
also we are trying to improve. 
It will help, but the minimum wage cost increase of about approximately 21 crores per annum 
because of the government regulation, we are still navigating with the customers to see how 
much we can absorb and how much they are going to absorb. That is a work in progress. So, 
definitely we can see improved margins happening in Q2 and Q3 provided the rupee does not 
further weaken because there are some indications being given when we talk to the market 
that the rupee could touch three digits against the dollar. 
And prices could further increase and crude oil prices also could go back to the 90s. So, it is 
anyone's guess. If things remain as it stands, we believe at least another percentage, half of 
EBITDA is still there in the system to be had through price increases and indexation from the 
customers. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Preet from INCRED AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Preet: Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. My first question 
would be on lines of margin upfront which you mentioned that if everything stays same where 
it is now, what would be our annualized margin level? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
Vikram Mohan: Our ideal margin level for normal operations should be as I have always maintained between 
12.5-13% which is the steady state margin so that we are not losing business, maintaining our 
share of business because if we endeavor to increase our margins beyond that, then 
competition will undercut us. So, 12.5-13% margin is what I have always maintained is the 
blended margin that is right for our company to maintain our share of business and that is what 
we are endeavoring to get quarter on quarter and that is what I said we have lost about 1.5% 
margin this quarter in terms of EBITDA. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Hitesh Goel from Origin Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Hitesh Goel: Thanks for taking my question sir. I just wanted to understand if you can give us some sense 
on the growth in this quarter on a YOY basis in the ACFMS business and DIS separately and also 
in two wheeler segment within DIS, what was the growth in this quarter? This is my first 
question. 
Vikram Mohan: I will request our CEO and Executive Director – Ganesh to answer that question. There are three 
parts to the question. One, what is the growth of DICVS business for this quarter? What is the 
growth of the ACFMS business for this quarter and specifically what is the growth of two 
wheelers for this quarter? So, Ganesh will answer that in three parts. 
P.M. Ganesh: Good evening. The growth of both DICVS and ACFMS has been around 25%. Both of them have 
equally grown because we supply to the same set of customers both these vertical of products. 
So, the growth has been the same. The second part of the question was what is the two wheeler 
growth? Actually we have outperformed the industry in terms of the two wheeler growth. The 
industry during the first Q1 has grown by about 23% and the PRICOL has grown by 28%. That 
is primarily because as our Chairman explained, it is because of multiple new product 
introduction during Q1. Is there any other questions which you have not answered? 
Vikram Mohan: No, these were the three questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sahil Jain from Ashwa India Holdings. 
Please go ahead. 
Sahil Jain: Hi sir. Thanks for taking my question. Centre of Ministry of Road and Transport, highways have 
relaxed the norms on ABS and CBS. So, Bikes can now use more of CBS in their system. So, I just 
want to understand how will that impact our ACFMS business? 
Vikram Mohan: As I mentioned in earlier calls, ABS is not something that we are focusing on at this point in 
time. It is something that is in the future roadmap of the company. So, that will not have any 
material impact for the next two years on our company. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Bhavya Vyas from Ants and Bees 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
Bhavya Vyas: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Could you update us on the progress of your disk brake 
program? It is a large two wheeler OEM has production has commenced. When will you expect 
us to make a meaningful revenue contribution? 
Vikram Mohan: We are just not able to hear you. There is a lot of echo, Mr. Vyas. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, since there is no response, we will move on to the next question, which 
is from the line of Rajit Agarwal from Nilgiri Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Rajit Agarwal: Good evening, sir. My question is related to the capital expenditure that you shared in your 
last call. Could you give a break-up of the same between the two proposed entities and the 
timelines, as in how much will be incurred in FY27 and FY28? 
Vikram Mohan: We have embarked on a 700-crore overall CAPEX cycle across all divisions of the company, not 
just in the next 12 months, but over the next 18 to 24 months. About 400 crores of this is 
reserved for the Polymer vertical, where we are creating a lot of new capacity to cater to the 
existing business and also because we have to move out of the TVS campuses in which we had 
a lock-in period. And about 300 crores is for the other two verticals of the company. 
Approximately 150 to 180 crores will be for the DICVS vertical and about 120 crores for the 
ACFMS vertical, broadly speaking. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shubham Batra from Ambit AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Shubham Batra: Hi, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to 
ask about how our business with Honda ramping up and what kind of wallet share are we 
looking from them in FY28? 
Vikram Mohan: I will request Ms. Madhura Mohan, our Executive Director, who handles our customer 
relationships and especially Honda, to answer that question, please. 
Madhura Mohan: Thank you for the question. Our business with Honda at the moment is quite robust. We 
recently won a good share of business from them for our plastics division as well, totaling to a 
very handsome sum. Our current business at a group level is quite healthy. As I mentioned, we 
are also exploring new opportunities in both the DICVS and ACFMS verticals and we see them 
as one of our strategic growth customers in the upcoming future. 
Vikram Mohan: In fact, plastics, we have even put certain business on hold. Honda wanted to give us more 
business than what we wanted, but because we don't have the capacity and it's going to take 
some time to create the capacity, we said we will take it in phases. But Honda is going to be 
one of our high value customers and high growth customers in the next three years. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Naman Gulacha from Nirmal Bang 
Securities, PMS. Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
Naman Gulacha: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, my question is related to the cluster business. We are 
seeing there's a pivot towards the e-cockpits and the premiumized and higher-end vehicles. 
So, where are we positioning ourselves in this e-cockpit business and do we foresee any orders 
coming in or potential OEMs that are working with us for this e-cockpit business? 
Vikram Mohan: Mr. Gulacha, let me just say the e-cockpit in a two-wheeler is probably not going to happen 
because there's no real estate on a two-wheeler to put an entire e-cockpit. Has Pricol 
developed an e-cockpit and proved it to the customer? The answer is yes. The absorption of e-
cockpit in the Indian overall automotive industry space is going to be very less. It is going to be 
a very small amount that is happening. We have shown the proof of concept to our customers 
and they have accepted it. But I must admit that some of our multinational competitors will 
have an edge over us in the e-cockpit because of the global buying advantages. And we will 
continue to focus on two-wheeler and commercial vehicle and off-road vehicles where the 
adoption of e-cockpit is not going to be there. But having said that, we have developed a world-
class e-cockpit technology and shown it us to our customers to make sure that it is available as 
part of our portfolio. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Public 
Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
Prolin Nandu: Thank you for taking my question. My question is on the DIS business which you plan to 
demerge, you mentioned about the technology tie-up, right? So, could you just help us 
understand as to when you think about increasing the value-add in this segment or moving into 
passenger vehicles as well, what is it that we can do in-house and where is it that we can do it? 
Because we will require the technology partnership, right? And when I think about some of the 
technology leaders, they have tie-up of some sort in India with some of the other players. So, 
are there very few technology partnerships which are left for us to be taken into consideration? 
Is that how the industry is? So, just some sense on the limitation of technology partnership and 
what can we do in-house and what will require technology partnership for us to go ahead with? 
Vikram Mohan: I think that many questions rolled into one, Mr. Nandu. But for the benefit of the larger 
audience, let me answer that. As I mentioned earlier, not just on this call but in many earlier 
calls, the human-machine interface in a vehicle where the driver or the passenger is talking to 
the vehicle or reading information from the vehicle is not just restricted to speed or fuel level 
or indication. It is also integrating the infotainment which is becoming a very important part 
and controlling the air conditioning is also becoming a very important part. This is where we 
will perhaps go for some technology partnerships or technology tie-ups because for us to do a 
grounds-up development will take many years. It is not impossible, but it is going to take us 
many years and we may miss the bus. That's point number one. Point number two is today 
PRICOL has a disadvantage in we have only primarily India and Indonesia-based manufacturing. 
Today many models are being launched globally. So, having a partner, not a technology partner 
but a partner will help us offer the same platform. Let us say, for example, Mexico is now 
emerging as a very large market and Honda has now started talking to us for not just business 
===== PAGE 10 =====
in India but also business overseas. Now will it make sense for PRICOL to go and set up a plant 
in Mexico till the volumes reach maturity? 
The answer will be no because it is not going to be prudent for our return on investment or 
return on capital employed. Certain markets in Europe we are being asked for products and 
local production especially now with the era of tariffs. So, it is prudent for us to have a partner 
who can manufacture our product and supply it in a geography without us having to invest in 
those geographies. 
So, it is a two-pronged approach that we are looking at. One for technology and one for 
ensuring that our share of business with our critical customers are being maintained. Because 
one thing, Indian two-wheeler industry probably has reached the highest level of maturity in 
the world. 
Many other parts of the world are now using Indian technology what has been developed on a 
Honda two-wheeler in India or a Suzuki two-wheeler in India or a TVS or a Bajaj or a Hero 
whatever it may be. It is now percolating to the other countries in the world and since we want 
to maintain our leadership position in two-wheelers globally, it is important for us to have 
certain local partners in certain geographies in order to be maintaining our market share. So, 
one is on the technology side, and one is to cater to certain markets and geographies where 
we don't have geographical manufacturing. 
Prolin Nandu: Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know what sort of value addition in terms 
of product portfolio are you planning to do in the Precision Product division? And also what 
would be the ROCE of the ACFMS segment for the company? 
Vikram Mohan: Because the precision products or rather the Polymer division, but we have also now developed 
some high technology products. We have done some segment first, especially now for the new 
Tata Tiago. We have done some very interesting products and saved money for the customer 
also. We are moving up the value chain, but having said that, We are setting up a center of 
excellence in Polymer technology as we speak which will completely become operational by 
May of 2027. But having said that, we have already started investing in product development, 
new product. We have invested in 2K Molding which is one of the first. We are now going for 
self-healing plastics. This is a very interesting technology where a painted part or a Polymer 
part, if there is a scratch, you don't need to go for painting. Just by application of heat, it will 
self-heal and the scratch will go away. We are also looking at fiber reinforced plastics which 
will replace metals and give almost the rigidity and the flexibility of a metal part in order to 
light weight. So, these are some of the things that we are looking at. The ROCE for that business 
will remain muted because we are going through a very heavy investment cycle for the centre 
of excellence. We are backward integrating by building our own tool room which didn't exist 
which is giving us advantages in acquiring customers especially like Honda, Yamaha, Royal 
Enfield, etc. And also we are putting up new plants. We have a state of the art plant coming up 
in Hosur. We have a plant that is getting commissioned in Mysore. We have a plant that is 
===== PAGE 11 =====
Greenfield that is getting commissioned in Aurangabad. We have a plant that is getting 
commissioned in Gujarat in Sanand for Honda. 
We have a plant that is just starting construction in Bhiwadi and in the NCR region to cater to 
the northern customers. Because of this heavy investment cycle, ROCE will drop and then get 
back to a steady state of between 16% and 18%. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Maulik Hitendra Singh Chaudhary from 
Monarch Network Capital Limited. Please go ahead. 
Maulik Chaudhary: So, thank you for giving me the opportunity. I just wanted to know the revenue contribution of 
all the three business verticals and any update on adding a new customer in the PV side. 
Vikram Mohan: On the PV side, we have now engaged with Mahindra. Our customer acquisition has been very 
robust in the Polymer business because earlier that business was owned by the TVS group. And 
so the other two-wheeler customers, the market, was not open to us. So, we have now 
acquired quite a few two-wheeler customers in the Polymer business. We have acquired 
business from Ather. We have acquired business from River. We have acquired business from 
Simple Energy. We have acquired business from Raptee. We have acquired business from 
Honda. We have acquired business from Royal Enfield. We are just on the final stages of 
acquiring business from Yamaha. A few other customers we are also talking to, but it has to be 
profitable. 
So, we are only going after profitable business. For the switches business, which is the recently 
launched business, we have acquired our first business from Suzuki and engaging with a few 
other two-wheeler makers. I would request on our ACFMS vertical some of the new businesses 
that we are in negotiation and inquiring. 
I would request our head of customer relationship management, our director Madhura, to 
answer that please. 
Madhura Mohan: So, we are actively working on acquiring business for all of our product verticals within the 
ACFMS business. As our chairman mentioned, we have received the first business for our 
switches division, which is a very positive indication, and we plan on growing that particular 
vertical very significantly in the upcoming years. We have also started production on disc 
brakes for one of the major Indian OEMs as well, which is again a positive sign for that particular 
division and the future products that we are planning to grow there. We have also been 
discussing some export businesses with some of our larger customers in the European and 
American regions as well. So, we are very positive about the growth of that division. 
Vikram Mohan: And in the DICVS division, we have just started engaging with Mahindra to make an entry into 
Mahindra, which we were hither to be present its early days as yet. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Khush from Electrum PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Khush: Thank you for the opportunity. My question was regarding our growth rate. So, considering the 
new products that are in pipeline, the new business that we have won, so like you mentioned 
that the plastics business, our earlier target was to, I think, double the revenue on the basis of 
25 in the next three years. So, considering there are capacity constraints, although we have 
orders, so how does that change? Is it still intact or pushed a bit? And accordingly, similarly for 
the DIS and the ACFMS business, if you could elaborate more on the growth rates and what are 
we expecting over the next maybe three years? 
Vikram Mohan: The plastics business, I said we will, when we acquired the business, whatever numbers we had 
in FY25, which we just had one and a half months of operation, we said we will not just double, 
we will do two and a half times will be our endeavor to achieve. And with the capacities we are 
creating and with the business pipeline that we have, my team and I are very confident of 
achieving that number and that is not going to get pushed out because all the plants are coming 
up on schedule barring a month or two delay because of steel supplies or monsoonal, 
unseasonal rains, etc. There has been no significant delays. 
In terms of the DICVS business, we will continue to maintain a delta over the market growth 
rate of at least about 5% with the new business that we have acquired. In the ACFMS business, 
we do not want to settle for just a 5% growth rate over the market. We are aiming for a 10% 
growth rate over the market to ensure that that division grows aggressively as we have 
introduced new verticals like switches and disc brakes. 
And the next focus is on exports, which we have started working on, which will start yielding 
results in the next two to three years. We have already won certain committed volumes from 
certain export customers also. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Preet from INCRED AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Preet: Thank you so much for the follow-up question. My question is on the line of DICVS business. If 
you could just give some idea on how the TFT penetration is going on across segments like 2 
wheelers, PV, CV and what would be our market share in each of those segments? My question 
is on the line of DICVS business. What would be our market share across segments and what 
would be the TFT penetration across the segments, 2 wheelers, PV,CV, etc.? 
Vikram Mohan: what is our market share in DIS its segment wise its is different  in two wheeler DIS business 
we have largest in India with 30-35% volume share in CVs we have almost two third market 
share to CVs off road vehicles In passenger vehicles, we just have about 8-9% market share 
because at this point in time, we are only dependent on Tata Motors, where 8 out of 10 Tata 
===== PAGE 13 =====
cars are coming out with a PRICOL cluster. In terms of TFT penetration, I would request my CEO 
Mr. Ganesh to answer TFT penetration in the 2-wheeler industry specifically. 
P. M. Ganesh: Two-wheeler Currently, the penetration has been more in the EV segment of the 2-wheeler 
and now the ICE vehicle also is seeing traction in terms of the TFT penetration. Currently, it is 
a very small percentage. About 7-8% of the total 2-wheelers produced is having TFT clusters. 
But we see rapid growth in the next 2-3 years of doubling this percentage in terms of TFT 
adaptation. 
Vikram Mohan: I would just like to add there that for cost optimization, the 2-wheeler OEMs are also looking 
at a hybrid cluster which is a part LCD, part TFT which will also be rapidly evolving because of 
cost consideration. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shri Ram from iThought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Shri Ram: Hello sir. Could you provide the timeline for the demerging process? 
Vikram Mohan: It is a million-dollar question. Sorry, because it is dependent on so many governmental agencies 
and multiple steps. But we have been told it will take at the very minimum 4 quarters or could 
be longer. 
But we hope that we don't have any roadblocks and it goes smoothly because we are not a 
multinational operating in multiple countries. It is a fairly simple operation. We have been told 
by our investors that we are not the experts with SEBI and ROC and various NCLT and all the 
steps concerned. 
But if you recall, Vedanta said they will do the demerger in 6 months. It took them 18-24 
months in spite of their might and size. So, we hope it will be completed in 12 months. 
But in terms of operating the businesses like demerged entities, from October more or less 
each of the divisions will be operating like demerged entities in terms of manpower, manning 
etc., in terms of investments etc. Internally we will be starting to operate like demerged entities 
by October and by December it will be fully operated like demerged entities so that when the 
demerger happens it becomes easy. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shivam Kabra from Carnelian Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shivam Kabra: Thanks for taking my question back. My question is regarding company plans on mergers and 
acquisitions and in which segment are we planning to go ahead? 
Vikram Mohan: We are not able to understand you at all Mr. Kabra. I request you to be louder and slower 
please. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
Shivam Kabra: What are the company plans on merger and acquisitions and in which segment are we looking 
forward to? 
Vikram Mohan: We have put a pause on mergers and acquisitions, though I mentioned that we were evaluating 
certain acquisitions earlier. When we went through the due diligence, we were not very happy 
with the quality of the assets. As I have maintained, we are only looking at buying quality assets 
and not distressed assets or assets with fundamental issues in either technology or quality of 
management. So, for the next one year, since we have a lot of new programs and a lot of 
capacity addition and also kind of demerging the company, I think we have our hands full and 
at yesterday's board meeting we took a call that till this demerger is over, we will focus on 
rapidly growing our business, getting these five new factories on stream, getting our 
partnership with BOE, the backlight module for the screen, the heavy investment that we are 
putting in, getting that on stream and streamlining each of the businesses, setting up the 
different center of excellences. We don't want to bite off more than what we can chew in terms 
of management bandwidth and so for the next one year, I don't foresee that we will pursue 
any acquisition opportunities unless something very attractive of the right quality at the right 
value comes up, but it is not a priority at this point in time. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Naman. I do apologize. Naman has left 
the question queue. We will move on to the next question which is from the line of Hitesh 
Goyal from Origin Capital. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Goyal: Thank you. Can you please tell us about the disc brake revenue in this quarter and also in the 
capacity you said you will start with 0.5 million per annum capacity. How is that going to ramp 
up? Are there any new orders there? 
Vikram Mohan: Did you allude to disc brake? 
Hitesh Goyal: Yes, I was talking about disc brake. So, disc brakes, yes, so revenue in this quarter so that we 
can track the trajectory and the capacity and how it's going to ramp up. 
Vikram Mohan: As I mentioned, disc brakes, the real revenues will only kick in from FY28. We are still in early 
stages. I have maintained this in an earlier call and I will continue to maintain the same because 
we are just starting to ramp up and starting to supply. Disc brake will be a product. Disc brake 
and switches will start to take relevance only from FY28 and this is what the standard I have 
maintained in the last four quarters and I will continue to maintain the same standard. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nandan Pradhan from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Nandan Pradhan: Hello, good evening sir and congratulations on a great set of numbers. I hope I am audible. 
Moderator: Yes, please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
Nandan Pradhan: Hello, yes, thank you. So, if you could just a small bookkeeping question. If you could so throw 
some light on how our Polymer business has performed this quarter like you do every quarter 
in terms of the revenue, EBITDA performance so that we get a broad understanding of how our 
core business is also doing. If you could just help us with that. Thank you. 
Vikram Mohan: Okay, in terms of performance while you have congratulated my team and myself on a good 
quarter, I think we could have done better like I said. Personally, I am not happy with our 
performance with the quarter. All our customers have declared superb results but at the cost 
of Tier-1 like us  because of lot of our planned and other things we are getting delayed earnings 
which is going to come in second quarter and third quarter. I was jokingly telling some of my 
customers the same also. In terms of the exact numbers of the Polymer business, I will request 
our CFO to give you the numbers. 
 Priyadarsi Bastia: Good evening, Nandan. For Q1, the Polymer division has recorded a revenue of 249 crores with 
EBITDA of 7.8%. 
Vikram Mohan: As I mentioned Mr. Pradhan, the Polymer business was perhaps the worst affected because 
the raw material of Polymer prices went up very high which we have since corrected for this 
quarter and next quarter and also LPG on which the Polymer business is dependent on has 
gone to stratospheric levels which again is getting corrected this quarter and next quarter. So, 
we'd have a much better, healthier EBITDA and healthier top line in Q2 and Q3 in the Polymer 
business. We could have grown had we had the capacity much more than this but as I 
mentioned, because of lack of capacity, we are not able to fulfill the full potential of this 
business which we will start seeing from FY28 onwards. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kritin Arora from Stallion Asset. Please 
go ahead. 
Kritin Arora: Thanks for the follow-up, sir. Just wanted to understand, once we are done with our CAPEX 
plan in the polymer segment, so who will be our most comparable peer or the competition in 
terms of product portfolio? 
Vikram Mohan: It would perhaps be Varroc, it would be National Plastics, and it would be Premier Polyplast. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shugosh Rudrawar from Purnastha 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Shugosh Rudrawar: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I just wanted to ask, can you throw some light on our FY30 
target? As you said that we are pausing our M&A, does it affect our long-term target? 
Vikram Mohan: I said I am not closing the M&A for posterity. We are taking a pause for a year because I think 
we have tremendous growth opportunities in our existing businesses. We are creating a lot of 
capacity in our existing businesses. We are looking at ramping up some of our new business 
verticals. We are creating centre of excellence for certain new products and we are going 
===== PAGE 16 =====
through a heavy CAPEX cycle. We don't want to stress our balance sheet. My forecast for FY30, 
what we want to achieve, continues to remain the same and it is only we are suspending M&A 
for a year. Again, if something compelling, interesting, at the right value, the right quality asset, 
we are not going to turn it down. But we are not going to actively look for M&A and my 
guidance for FY31, which is calendar year 30, remains very much intact for each of our 
businesses. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Hiten Boricha from Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Hiten Boricha: Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the Polymer business. As we mentioned, we 
are facing the capacity constraint as of now. If you can guide me, what is our current capacity 
and what will be our capacity post this Rs. 400 crore CAPEX? 
Vikram Mohan: With the capacity that we are creating, we should comfortably go to about Rs. 2000 crores of 
turnover from our current Rs. 1000 crores of turnover that we are capable of producing. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Bhavya Vyas from Ants and Bees 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Vyas: Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the BMS. Could you provide an update on 
the program's progress and has it entered mark order? 
Vikram Mohan: Mr. Vyas, I have mentioned in multiple earlier calls, BMS is something that vehicle makers and 
OEMs have decided to control, and we are not putting any further money into BMS. This is 
something that I have been maintaining for three quarters. We are not looking at investing any 
further money or growing that business and that will not form part of our portfolio. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rajit Agarwal from Nilgiri Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajit Agarwal: Thank you, sir, for the follow-up. Just a clarification on the top line for this quarter. Although 
we have done very well YOY, but sequentially it is flattish. Could you throw some light on which 
businesses did well and which businesses did pull down the growth? Was it because of the 
Polymer business? And if there is lack of capacity, then how do you see this top line recovering 
in the next two quarters? 
Vikram Mohan: Mr. Agarwal, this is absolutely in line with the performance of the industry. Always Q4 is a high 
quarter in the industry and Q1 then drops, Q2 again pre-festive season sale goes up, Q3 drops 
and that is the cycle we have maintained, and we have grown higher than the market in each 
of our divisions. So, we have not lost any share of business whatsoever. There has been a loss 
of EBITDA because of external geopolitical factors and certain government statutory things of 
minimum wage increases which we are trying to recover in the coming quarters. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Preet from INCRED AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Preet: All of my questions have been answered. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Siddhartha Matthew, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Matthew: Just a follow-up on your comments regarding the eCockpit earlier. You mentioned that you had 
developed a world-class eCockpit but some of our international competitors have distinct 
advantage. Just wondering where we are lacking and how we could catch up and whether this 
de-merger will help in that regard? 
Vikram Mohan: Possibly. Like I said, the amount of eCockpit some of the international competition like Nippon 
Seiki or Continental which is now Aumovio or Denso or Visteon is able to produce is probably 
50x or 40x the volume of PRICOL. So, we will not have a cost arbitrage in terms of the child 
parts or we will not have that for very small volumes. 
So, while we have developed the capability and shown our proof of concept, in terms of cost 
we will not be able to compete it because of the absolute volume disadvantage that we have. 
And perhaps one of the reasons why we are looking at a partner also is to give us certain cost 
arbitrages in terms of scale. That's also one of the reasons, not the primary reason. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Saket Saraogi, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Saraogi: My question was that seeing the industry growth in this quarter, the sales figures of our 
company looks muted as compared to that. What do you have to say on that? We have lost 
some revenue in this quarter because of some reason. 
Vikram Mohan: All the industry put together weighted average grew by 22%. We grew by 26%. We have 
outgrown industry growth by 4% across all our divisions. I would not call that muted growth. I 
would call we have outperformed the market. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nachiket Kale from Emkay. Please go 
ahead. 
Nachiket Kale: Thank you for the opportunity but my questions is already got answered. Thank you so much. 
Best of luck to the Management. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ritesh, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
Ritesh: Sir, can you please give guidance for revenue for next 3 to 5 years or any target which the 
management wants to achieve in next 3 years? It will be good. 
Vikram Mohan: I have given a revenue guidance, I have told you Polymer business what capacity we are 
creating. We have also in the past given a revenue guidance for our DICVS business and we 
have said we hope to achieve Rs. 8000 crores by a combination of primarily organic and some 
amount of inorganic growth for Calendar Year ‘30 or FY31 of Rs. 8000 crores and I continue to 
maintain that. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question and conclude the question 
and answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. 
Vikram Mohan: Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen for your active participation and to also my team 
led by our CEO, our Executive Director – Madhura, our CFO – Mr. Bastia and the rest of my 
operating team for having delivered this set of results and we do endeavor that we will be able 
to deliver a better set of results in the coming quarters and continue to outperform the industry 
and my prayers to the almighty for normalcy to return to the world so that all of us can work 
on productive work and proactively work on strategy rather than fire fight and run war rooms 
instead of running companies. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of PRICOL Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 