SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/PRICOLLTD-Concall_May_2026_Transcript.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
PL/SEC/TGT/2026-2027/035           Tuesday, 19th May, 2026 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: PRICOLLTD Scrip Code: 540293 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Con-call Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we herewith submit the Transcript for the Con -call held on Friday, 15
th 
May 2026 at 04:00 PM (IST) pertaining to Company’s audited financial results for the quarter 
and year ended 31st March 2026. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pricol Limited 
 
 
 
 
T.G.Thamizhanban 
Company Secretary 
ICSI M.No: F7897 
 
Encl. As above 
 
 
>X< pr1ca/ 
PR/COL LIMITED 
Passion to Excel 
109, Race Course, 
Coimbatore-641 018, India 
\. +91 422 433 6000 
,:; connect@pricol.com 
e pricol.com 
CIN L34200TZ2011PLC022194 
)... CUSTOMERS )... EMPLOYEES )... SHAREHOLDERS )... SUPPLIERS 
===== PAGE 2 =====
PRICOL Limited 
Q4 & FY’26 Conference Call 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY26 Conference Call of PRICOL Ltd. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need any assistance during this call, please signal for an operator by pressing “*”and 
then “0” on your touchtone telephones. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem  Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: Thank you. Good evening, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi 
Jain from Valorem Advisors. 
We represent the investor relations of PRICOL  Ltd. On behalf of the company, I would like to 
thank you all for participating in the company's earnings call for the 4th Quarter and Financial 
Year 2026. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement: 
Some of the statements made in today's conference call may be forward -looking in nature. 
Such forward- looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause 
actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's 
belief as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate 
and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. 
Let me now introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call 
and hand it over to them for the opening remarks. 
We have with us Mr. Vikram Mohan  – Chairman and Managing Director. Mr. P. M. Ganesh – 
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director , Mr. Siddharth Manoharan – Group Executive 
===== PAGE 3 =====
Director, Ms. Madhura Mohan – Executive Director, and Mr. Priyadarsi Bastia – Chief Financial 
Officer. 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Vikram to start with his opening remarks. Thank you. 
Vikram Mohan: Thank you very much. A very good evening to one and all on this call today. Namaskar, ladies 
and gentlemen. 
I welcome you to the call to discuss the key Financial Highlights for the year ending 31st March 
2026 and for the 4th Quarter  of the Financial Year ‘25 -26. The Presentation has already been 
uploaded and I hope all of you have had a chance to see the Presentation. 
Nevertheless, I would like to give you some highlights of our performance: 
On a consolidated basis, our revenue from operations for the quarter that has just crossed the 
INR 1000 crore mark to hit INR 1077.9 crores with an EBITDA of INR 143.28 crores and an 
EBITDA margin of 13.29%. Profit after tax of INR 73.23 crores with a PAT margin of 6.79% with 
a basic EPS of INR 6 per share. 
For the entire financial year, for the year ending 31st March 2026, our revenue from operations 
was just shy of INR 4000 crores with an EBITDA of INR 492.91 crores with an EBITDA margin of 
12.44% with a PAT of INR 250.80 crores. PAT margin of 6.33%  with an EPS of INR 20.57 per 
share. 
I am happy to report that we have been able to achieve these numbers with the dedicated 
work of our entire team in spite of the multiple headwinds that we faced this financial year. 
This financial year started off with a semiconductor crisis, followed by a  rare earth magnet 
crisis, followed by the West Asia crisis. In spite of all of these headwinds, we have been able to 
deliver a decent set of numbers to you this quarter and for the entire financial year. 
Our revenue from operations on a consolidated basis because of our inorganic actions and 
organic growth has resulted in a 43.34 % growth quarter-on-quarter on a comparable basis. 
EBITDA 62.27% increase on a quarter-on-quarter on a comparable basis. 
For the entire year, we have been able to show an increase in revenue from operations of 
51.24% and the EBITDA for the entire year has seen an increase on the corresponding prior 
period of 47.53%. 
With this, I would like to move to the questions and answers. As a matter of protocol, we would 
like all participants to restrict themselves to one question so that others have a chance to join 
the question queue.  And if you have more than one question, we request you to rejoin the 
question queue and you will be given a chance subsequently. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
Before we start the questions, I would also like to probably take a few minutes to talk about 
the outlook where I have given quite a cautionary statement as part of the Chairman and 
Managing Director's statement after the Board Meeting yesterday. 
The West Asia crisis I think is reaching a peak and the disruptions of the West Asia crisis or due 
to the West Asia crisis is also starting to hit not just the industry but also the economy quite 
hard. April was reasonably okay because we had a lot of pipeline inventory, pipeline stocks and 
raw material that were bought at earlier rates. The rupee is on a free fall. Polymer prices have 
gone up by about 55%. Aluminum has gone up by about 62%. The semiconductors have gone 
up by about 35%. Memory control devices by about 28%. Freight costs are also spiraling out of 
control both inbound and outbound freight. 
These are multiple headwinds not just affecting your company but the industry as a whole and 
the economy as a whole. All of you would have also seen Prime Minister's Address to the Nation 
on cutting back on consumption to save Forex and stop purchasing gold, etc. 
So, the situation is quite bleak but nevertheless,  we are confident of crossing this storm also 
with the collective efforts of our entire team, the support of our customers, our suppliers  and 
aided by a strong balance sheet. 
We continue to stay focused on mid -to-long term  growth and are not scaling back on any 
investments whatsoever of capital nature which will hamper the long-term and medium-term 
prospects of the company. We continue to invest as usual heavily on R&D and on technology 
to keep developing new products and new technologies to keep us ahead of the curve 
compared to the competition. 
So, while we are not scaling back on any of our critical activities that is going to hamper the 
growth of the company, we do believe that there will be softening of earnings and slowing of 
the whole automotive sector on account of these geopolitical headwi nds that are actually 
sending ripples across the world. 
Without further ado, we can move to the questions. 
Moderator: We will begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Jatin 
Chawla from RTL Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jatin Chawla: Hi, good evening and congratulations on a great set of results and thanks for the opportunity 
to ask the question. My question is how do you see your market share on instrument clusters 
evolve over the next two to three years? And the context is when we were doing channel 
checks, we figured out that in the largest OEM in the country, there is a group company which 
is entering the instrument cluster business. In one other OEM, there is some new competition 
that is emerging. So, in that context, I wanted to understand how do you see your market share 
evolving over the next two to three years? 
===== PAGE 5 =====
Vikram Mohan: Mr. Chawla, good evening. A good question. In fact, we just did a complete analysis of our share 
of business. We got an external market analyst agency to come and do a complete analysis of 
the market. And in fact, just last week, we had a workshop on that. We have maintained our 
market share by volume and increased our market share by value.  Competition has always 
been there. Competition will continue to be there. And what differentiates PRICOL  from our 
competition is our heavy investment on R &D and product development, which is keeping us 
ahead of the curve. Will we be able to maintain the market share for the foreseeable future for 
the next three years? I do not see any dip in market share because we have got confirmed LOIs 
for most of the programs. So, for the next three years, barring degrowth or slowing down of 
the market, loss of market share is not something that we need to fear about. 
Jatin Chawla: Got it. That is very reassuring, sir. I have a couple of other questions, but I will come back in the 
queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Good evening and thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for very good numbers. 
My question is on the financials. So, there is some restatement in the FY25 financials if we look 
at the borrowing lines and see what their line items . I can point it out specifically if required, 
but if one can explain, what is the reason for that? 
Vikram Mohan: Mr. Sanghvi, we will get our CFO – Mr. Bastia, to answer that question. There have been some 
changes in the corporate guidelines on how debt has to be treated and I will request Priya n – 
our CFO to clarify on that. 
Priyadarsi Bastia: Mr. Sanghvi, good evening.. Regrouping is on account of the change in IndAS. There is a circular 
which came up saying that debt-like items to be regrouped, which the customer bill discounting 
and vendor bill discounting, which used to be classified under trade payable, have been 
regrouped to borrowing. That is the borrowing which you can see in the short-term borrowing. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Okay, thank you. I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Vikram Mohan: Just to give you a perspective, barring the supplier discounting and the customer bill 
discounting which earlier was hitherto treated as trade payable, now actual borrowing as of 
31st March 2026, net debt is INR 63.11 crores. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Sure, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Go el from Aurigin Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
Hitesh Goel: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the great set of numbers.  Sir. First 
question is can you give us revenue for FY26 of the three segments like DICVS, ACFMS and P3L 
revenue? 
Vikram Mohan: Ganesh – our CEO and Executive Director will answer that question. 
M. P. Ganesh: I will give you on the total consolidated numbers an approximate number. On the D ICVS our 
revenue is about 60% of our total revenue, and AC FMS is about 20% and P3L would be about 
20%. 
Hitesh Goel: Okay. And sir, basically my question is also on the TFT, LCD and analog mix basically for the 
industry. 
Vikram Mohan: Mr. Goyal, request you to rejoin the question queue, please, if you don't mind. 
Hitesh Goel: Okay, no problem. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Agrawal from Carnelian. Please go 
ahead. 
Aman Agrawal: Sir, thank you for the opportunity. My question was basically on the new products and new 
businesses which we have focused on. Can we please share an update on like the PV Digital 
cluster which we were focusing on with Mahindra and TATA  Motors and also like in terms of 
creating new business on disc brakes and other verticals, like how is the update there basically? 
Vikram Mohan: I will answer. Three parts to that question. First, PV Digital clusters, we have grown significantly 
with TATA Motors. We are yet to make an entry into Mahindra. Today, about 75% to 80% of 
TATA cars are coming out with Pricol’s  clusters and we are increasing our market share with 
TATA. In fact, the new Sierra, which we launched has even won us an award from TATA Motors 
for the development, which I was happy to receive from the Managing Director of TATA 
Motors. With regard to disc brakes, we continue to make steady progress with our key 
customers, and we are quite sure that we will meet the forecast  that I gave for 2030 in terms 
of disc brakes. 
Aman Agrawal: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divyansh Gupta from Latent PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Divyansh Gupta: Hi, sir. One question regarding ABS. Are we manufacturing only the sensors for the ABS or the 
whole ABS as a package? And is there a plan to… 
Vikram Mohan: Let me just interrupt you here, Mr. Gupta. We are not into the ABS. We intend at some time in 
the future when disc brakes become a mature product for us to get into ABS.  At this point in 
===== PAGE 7 =====
time, we have not even commenced development or intend to commence development in the 
immediate future. 
Divyansh Gupta: So, my question was for that less than 125cc bike that you are trying to target because of the 
change in the regulations. 
Vikram Mohan: We were never in the ABS product. We never intended to be in the ABS product in the 
foreseeable future also.  Even earlier this question was asked in earlier meetings and that's 
what we have maintained. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. I will join back to you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kush Nahar from Electrum PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Kush Nahar: Yes. Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity, sir.  So, I have a question more on the growth 
side. So, like you said that some softness is something that we see going ahead in the industry 
in general and for the company. So, I think previously we had a guidance of 13% to 15% growth 
for Pricol and if I am not wrong, we were targeting to double the revenues of P3L on a base of 
25%. So, are there any changes in this guidance? 
Vikram Mohan: Frankly, I think we should ask this question to Mr. Donald Trump on a lighter note because we 
really don't know how long this war is going to continue and what the impact is going to be, 
what crude oil prices are going to be like and what the rupee is going to be. And if fertilizer 
imports are going to be curtailed, then agriculture output is going to reduce, which rural 
consumption is going to have an impact. So, I wish I knew, but even I am not aware. We are all 
closely connected in the industry. But I ca n assure you that we will be continuing to grow at 
higher than the market growth rate. And with regard to P3L, I have given a guidance that we 
aim to double the turnover in three years after taking over the company. I think we are well on 
track to achieve that. We have won a lot of new businesses, and we are now creating capacities 
to cater to the new businesses from customers that didn't exist before. So, we are well on track 
to double P3L's business or probably even exceed in the three- year timeframe that  I had 
promised. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Jain from Emkay  Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Chirag Jain: Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, you did mention about multiple cost pressures in 
your opening comments. So, any thoughts in terms of how are we navigating from a margin 
standpoint over the next couple of quarters? Would that be largely an automatic pass-through 
to our OEM customers or there is some sort of negotiation happening and if at all, how are the 
progress going on that? 
===== PAGE 8 =====
Vikram Mohan: The situation is evolving, Mr. Jain. There is a lag factor of six months. So, we are only now 
getting corrections of FOREX for the Q3 of the last financial year.  But having said that, we are 
not going with the normal route. In this case, we have expedited it and we have requested for 
supplementary invoicing and price correction to be done immediately. Most of our customers 
have taken note of it and still figuring out because the entire industry, we have all got together 
and as a trade body represented through ACMA to the OEMs. But please do understand, the 
impact is so huge that they cannot pass on the entire thing to the end customer who is the 
ultimate buyer of the, let's say, a bike, a motorbike. If a motorbike goes up by INR 25,000-INR 
30,000, it is going to, demand is going to really soften or probably de- grow. So, I think, 
personally, it's an evolving process. We have put out an active team that is engaging with our 
top 10-12 customers to recover costs.  I think it's going to be tripartite.  People have to take, 
there is going to be a price increase in the vehicle. OEMs will absorb some of that shock and I 
think, considering a long -term partnership with OEMs, we also have to absorb some of that 
shock. How much is that number going to be and how long is this going to take? It's probably, 
time will tell. But I think, next quarter, we will  have a better idea of how much each of the 
stakeholders in this pie will take. 
Chirag Jain: Thank you. Thank you so much for the detail. 
Vikram Mohan: If you ask me can we recover the entire amount from the OEM, I do not think so. 
Chirag Jain: Okay. Thank you so much, sir.  
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rangan V, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rangan V: Good evening, managing director, Mr. Vikram Mohan. I wish Vanita Mohan the best. Are you 
going to make her the Emeritus Chairman or like that? Regarding the company's performance, 
I think what we have achieved is, I think we'll be having a very satisfied person. Because, 
actually, in the COVID period, we set a target, something like that, internal target. I think that 
was good.  But I find the margin on the employees, this one. 
Vikram Mohan: Mr. Rangan, can we just take it one question at a time, Mr. Rangan? I would like to thank you 
yes, 2022, I had given a guidance that for FY26, we will hit the INR 4000 crore mark with about 
a debt equity ratio of less than 1:1. I am happy to note we have hit that mark, but with next to 
no debt. So, I am happy that we have been able to deliver on the promise made to you four 
years ago, right after COVID, once we recovered. Mrs. Vanita Mohan has stepped down as an 
active role from PRICOL, and I have taken over as the Chairman of the company. She goes on 
to become the chairperson of PRICOL Holdings. 
Rangan V: Okay, thanks. I don't have anything, because I think I am also satisfied with the work you are 
doing. Thanks. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
Vikram Mohan: Okay. I know you may have another question which I will forward answer, Mr. Rangan, because 
this is your favorite topic. So, I will  take the liberty of my old friend that I have  known you for 
14-15 years. So, I am going to take the liberty of giving you a third answer also. As for our 
dividend policy, we were eligible for paying out a higher dividend this year after the interim 
dividend. But as a matter of caution, our entire Board met and deliberated on this subject 
yesterday. And we believed that, having already declared an interim Golden Jubilee dividend 
of 200%, we felt it was good to conserve cash, knowing fully well that with all the amount of 
capital investments and the headwinds ahead of us, it was important to conserve cash. So, this 
is something that we took a conscious call yesterday. We had the subject of the dividend, and 
the entire Board, including myself, recommended that we retain it at a 200% dividend for the 
FY26, see the performance for the next six months, and then take a call on that subject. I know 
you probably were intending to ask that question, because that's your favorite subject. So, I 
thought I will preempt and answer that for the benefit of other investors also. 
Rangan V: Yes, very nice. Actually, what you have done is a very extraordinary thing. I know that you have 
done always nothing to be accomplished now. I am very happy about that. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Go el from Aurigin Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Hitesh Goel: Sir, can you tell us what was the exports in FY26? And you have talked about exports being 20% 
of revenue, right? So, when can we achieve that? 
Vikram Mohan: No. Let me clarify. Our desire was exports to be 20% of revenue, and I have always maintained 
in my earlier call, so that is one area where we failed to deliver.  And our goal is to take it to 
10% of revenue in the coming years. And as we speak, it stands at around 7% of revenue. 
Hitesh Goel: Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Net worth Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Thank you for the opportunity again. My question is, can you please give us details on the 
progress of your MOU with BOE Varitronix and also with Domino and the timelines, please, of 
commencement of commercial sales? 
Vikram Mohan: With BOE, work has already commenced internally on doing the backlight module. Work is 
under progress on the equipment and the machinery and the buildings, and we will be 
commencing in about 10 to 12 months' production. With Domino, more like 18 months to 24 
months is where we will be ready, and the early stages of revenue will start trickling in, right?  
With regard to TYW, it's a technological partnership where we are using their select 
technologies to develop products for our existing customers. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Just to follow up, if I may, on the Varitronix, right? 
===== PAGE 10 =====
Management: That's BOE. 
Sahil Sanghvi: BOE, yes. If I may, so what kind of contracts or what kind of revenue estimates? I mean, if you 
can give some direction, not the number, but maybe some order book that you have or some 
visibility. 
Vikram Mohan: It's not going to be adding any incremental revenue. It's only a backward integration that's 
going to strengthen our product offering. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Patil from LKP Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashwin Patil: Yes, thanks for taking my question, sir. My question is regarding the ACFMS business which we 
had guided for a 30 %-35% kind of growth in the last call. So, are we still  maintaining that 
particular outlook? And what would be the outlook for this particular business going forward, 
sir? 
Vikram Mohan: We are working towards 30% growth and particularly with a focus on exports. But the 
headwinds since the last two, three months, I am not sure we will be able to meet those 
numbers because the rupee is on a freefall, the crude oil prices have gone for a toss. So, like I 
said, I wish I were Nostradamus, but I think we need to wait till September to see when the 
world economy is going to come back to some degree of normalcy before we hit that strike.  
Under normal conditions, we should have hit a 30% growth rate year-on-year. 
Ashwin Patil: So, what is our growth rate for this year then till now? If less than 30%, then how much is the 
number, sir? 
Vikram Mohan: How much is the number for FY26? 
Ashwin Patil: Yes. 
Vikram Mohan: I would request Ganesh, our CEO and ED to answer that, please. 
P. M Ganesh: FY26, we have achieved a 30% growth rate. Going forward, as our Chairman and Managing 
Director said, it is a little difficult for us to predict. Maybe after September, we can have a 
better answer in this. 
Ashwin Patil: Okay, so for FY26, it's close to 30%. 
P. M Ganesh: That's right. 
Ashwin Patil: Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Preet Pilani from Incred AMC. Please go ahead. 
Preet Pilani: Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to ask one bookkeeping question. What was our 
revenue from P3L for this quarter along with their margin? And also, if you could mention the 
revenue of non-brakes in ACFMS segment for the entire year? 
Vikram Mohan: I will not be able to give you exactly for this break for the year as it's still a latent state. P3L, 
Priyan, can you just comment about for the year, how much turnover we closed at? 
Priyadarsi Bastia: For the year, P3L generated revenue of INR 924 crores with EBITDA of 9.24%. 
Vikram Moham: But part of this involved a business that had to be transferred back to TVS, which we have also 
completed the transfer as of February. So, that segment of business of about INR 65 crores will 
not continue. That was not a polymer business. That was a foaming business which we 
operated on contract. 
Preet Pilani: And on non-brake side in ACFMS segment, non-brakes? 
Vikram Mohan: Bulk of the revenue, 96 %-97% of the revenue comes from non -brakes. Overall, this year, it's 
about INR 750 crores. 
Preet Pilani: Thank you, sir. And one last thing on raw material side. You mentioned that raw material… 
Vikram Mohan: Preet, I request you to join the queue, please. That's the protocol we have been following.  
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Vansh Modi from Swan Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Vansh Modi: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of numbers. I would just like to 
request if you could share the segmental numbers in the information cluster segment between 
the vehicle segments that is. 
Vikram Mohan: Please get in touch with our CFO and whatever non- competitive data we will  be happy to 
provide. 
Vansh Modi: Okay. Thank you, sir. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shubham Batra from Ambit AMC. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Batra: Hi there. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. Sir, just a 
bookkeeping question. In your standalone books, your other expenses have shot up by 32% on 
a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Vikram Mohan: Slow, Shubham Batra. Little slow. We're not able to understand you. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
Shubham Batra: Sir, in your standalone books, your other expenses have shot up by 32% on a quarter -on-
quarter basis. Any particular one-off that you want to call off? 
Vikram Mohan: I will request our CFO to answer that, please. 
Priyadarsi Bastia: Shubham, the expense, if you compare quarter -on-quarter, yes, it has gone up. Two items 
which are contributing to that. One is FOREX, which has gone up to INR 95. And the other one 
is the freight, because the freight cost is in line with the revenue increase.  But these two are 
contributing to the increase. 
Vansh Modi: Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Agrawal from Carnelian . Please go 
ahead. 
Aman Agrawal: Sir, thank you for the follow-up. My question was on P3L, basically. So, if I see last quarter basis, 
the number which our CFO Sir gave, we made 11% kind of EBITDA margins in P3L. So, like, can 
you guide, like, is this something sustainable or do we expect margin to revert back to 10 %-
10.5% kind of margins in this business, basically? 
Vikram Mohan: That's an interesting question and that's a strategic call that I have  taken also as chairman of 
that board. That we will start forwarding, forward investing in P3L in line with PRICOL’s strategy 
of investing in technology. So, we are setting up a center of excellence in polymer technology. 
So, we will be forward investing in that. And also for the new plants that are coming up, we will 
be forward recruiting of personnel to commission those plants. So, there will be a softening of 
margins over two years before the benefits of all of this start kicking in.  So, we will go back to 
normalized margins of 10% or so and then kick back up going back. 
Aman Agrawal: Got it. Thank you, sir. And if I can squeeze in one more question, sir. Are we looking to get any 
more M&As, basically? Like, we had talked about more deals maybe in plastic division. So, is 
there anything we are evaluating and, like, anything we want to close? 
Vikram Mohan: Yes, we are  but cautiously. Under the current headwinds, we are being very cautious about 
capital investments. And unless the quality of asset is top class with a good set of customers, 
with a good balance sheet, with a good management team, and backed by good manufacturing 
facilities, and coming with a decent ROI, we are being very selective. In fact, we had a very long 
discussion at the Board meeting yesterday on the various assets that we are considering. And 
we have taken some calls.  And actually, active negotiations and due diligence is in progress. 
That's all I can say at this time. 
Aman Agrawal: And, sir, this is on mainly plastic side or some other business segment? 
Vikram Mohan: We are evaluating multiple opportunities. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
Aman Agrawal: Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you for answering my question. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kush Nahar  from Electrum PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Kush Nahar: Based on the content per vehicle, so what is it today and considering the new products in the 
pipeline that we have across this segment, how do we see it panning out over the next three 
to five years? 
Vikram Mohan: It's very difficult to answer that question, Mr. Nahar, because you have a INR 4,000 cluster in a 
TATA car. And then you have a INR 30,000 cluster in a TVS BMW or a BMW motorbike. Or you 
have a INR 1,000 cluster and then you have INR 3,000 of plastics and INR 1,000 odd of FPM. So, 
I think a broad- based question like that based on the CC of the vehicle or the OEM is very 
difficult to answer. 
Kush Nahar: So, but directionally considering the profile, do we think and considering the TFT mix that is 
changing, maybe we can double or 1.5x to 2x our realization in terms of content per vehicle? 
Vikram Mohan: For example, we opened our account with Honda on clusters, on pumps and on plastics, right? 
Now, so our content for vehicles from literally very low and Honda is going to go up very high. 
TVS, we are already very high, and we are now de-risking by working on other customers. So, 
yes, our intent is with about 10 strategic customers to keep increasing our wallet share so that 
we are at least 50% higher than what we are today in the next three years. 
Kush Nahar: Right, sir. So, just if I can add one more question, what will be the CAPEX figure for the next 
three years? 
Vikram Mohan: That is a good question and in fact, I was wanting to use that as my closing note. I am happy to 
inform you that we have a very, very healthy pipeline of new business, both domestic and 
international across all our divisions. Be it for ACFMS or polymer or for D ICVS, we are starting 
our next major cycle of CAPEX this year as our previous cycle of CAPEX has come to an end and 
our capacity utilization has reached a peak.  In fact, so much so that in plastics, we are unable 
to grow this year because of lack of capacity, which is why you see the ROCE at a very high 
figure compared to what I had given guidance for because of sweating the capital assets. So, 
we are starting a major cycle of CAPEX. In fact, this year, in itself, we have planned for about 
between INR 680 crore to INR 700 crores of CAPEX  to cater to all of our new businesses that 
we have won, new plants, new machines, so on and so forth, which will keep propelling us 
forward and to maintain this growth momentum.  So, there will be some amount of debt, as I 
mentioned, but a very healthy amount of debt. I am always very conservative when it comes 
to debt. A lot of our investors keep telling us that I am a little risk-averse, but I prefer to remain 
that way. So, we will have a debt-equity ratio of probably about 0.5 or 0.6, not even hitting 1, 
and that is how we plan to operate. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
Kush Nahar: Right, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the floor back to the 
management for closing comments. 
Vikram Mohan: I would like to thank everyone for participating and for some great questions. I am sorry I could 
not give a clear answer, especially with regard to the growth, because it has affected 
macroeconomic factors, geopolitical factors over which we have no contr ol. But the 
management will leave no stone unturned to recover all costs possible and control all costs 
possible to maintain earnings.  But having said that, there will be some softening of earnings. 
This is the voice of not just PRICOL, but the voice of the industry, and this is going to be a short-
term pain, and we just hope and pray that this entire geopolitical mess comes to an end sooner 
rather than later, and all of us can focus on strategically growing the business for the mid- to-
long term. We stay committed to our mid -to-long term projections, our investments, and our 
recommitment to technology, and in the polymer business, we are going to be investing in 
technology and converting it from a component maker to a value- added polymer player, and 
we do hope that those will also pay dividends, like in our other divisions in the years to come.  
Thank you very much for your confidence in the company, and I look forward to connecting 
with you on the H1 call six months from now. Thank you. Good evening. Namaskar. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of PRICOL  Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 