SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/MINDACORP-Concall_Nov_2025_Transcript.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
The Officer-In-Charge (Listing) 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: MINDACORP 
Head - Listing Operations, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 538962 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Subject: Transcription of Conference Call with Investors/Analysts held on November 06, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached herewith  transcription of Conference call wit h Investors/Analysts held on 
November 06, 2025. Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge. 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Minda Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pardeep Mann 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A13371 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
   Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Minda Corporation Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges on November 06, 2025 will prevail.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AAKASH MINDA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 MR. AJAY AGARWAL – PRESIDENT, FINANCE AND STRATEGY  
 MR. NITESH JAIN – LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MODERATOR: MR. RONAK MEHTA – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
  

===== PAGE 3 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Minda Corporation Limited Q2 
and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ronak Mehta from ICICI Securities 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Mehta. 
Ronak Mehta: Thank you, Ikra. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would 
like to welcome you all to Q2 FY26 earnings conference call of Minda Corporation 
Limited. Today, we have with us from the management team, Mr. Aakash Minda, 
Executive Director; Mr. Ajay Agarwal, President, Finance and Strategy; and Mr. 
Nitesh Jain, Lead Investor Relations. 
 I would like to thank the managemen t for giving us this opportunity. I will now 
hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks, post which we 
will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Aakash Minda: So good afternoon, everybody, and thank you very much, Ronak from ICICI 
Securities, for hosting our call. Today, I'm going to share and give some highlights 
about the Minda Corporation. So good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to the 
Q2 and H1 FY26 earnings conference call of Minda Corporation Limited. I hope 
all of you are d oing very well. It is our pleasure to connect with you today and 
present our performance for the quarter, along with the key developments across 
the business. 
 Speaking about the automotive industry, in Q2 FY26, India's auto sector 
maintained a positive tr ajectory supported by favourable macros, improved 
consumer sentiment and the recent GST rate reduction that enhanced the 
affordability. The 2 -wheeler segment witnessed strong growth, led by resilient 
rural demand, improved financing access and increased pr emiumization. In the 
passenger vehicle, sustained steady demand with utility vehicle continue to 
dominate the mix. 
 Commercial vehicle segment reported broad -based growth across MHCV and 
LCV categories, driven by strong freight activity, improved intracity logistics, and 
recovery in infrastructure and construction sectors. The tractor segment also 
===== PAGE 4 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 3 of 15 
 
continued its momentum , supported by healthy kharif output and rural income 
recovery. 
 Overall, the industry entered the second half of FY26 on an optimistic note with 
festive demand and GST 2.0 reforms expected to sustain growth. In addition, the 
government's continued Make in  India focus is driving localization and self -
resilience across the automotive value chain. 
 These policies align well with the Minda Corporation strategy as we scale domestic 
manufacturing, localization of key components and strengthen our supply chain to 
serve both domestic and global OEMs. 
 Now reflecting on the company's performance. The company maintained its strong 
growth momentum this quarter, surpassing consensus estimates, achieving its 
highest ever quarterly revenue of  Rs. 1,535 crore, a robust growth of 19% on a Y-
o-Y basis. 
 This performance was fueled by sustained demand across key vehicle segments, 
increase in share of businesses, and content per vehicle and strong traction in EV 
and premium product categories. The company reported its highest ever EBITDA 
of  Rs. 178 crores, representing a growth of about 21.4% on Y-o-Y basis with a 
highest ever EBITDA margin of 11.6%. 
 The profit after tax reached  Rs. 85 crores, a growth of 14% on Y -o-Y basis, 
supported by improved operational efficiencies and a favourable product mix.  
Minda Corporation have outperformed the industry trends across business 
segments with notable success in the wiring harness division and instrument 
cluster division. 
 On our associate company Flash Electronics,  
Flash Electronics has reported a strong performance in Q2 FY26 with a revenue of 
Rs. 446 crores with an EBITDA of Rs. 72 crores with an EBITDA margin of 
16.1%. 
 The collaboration has strengthened our presence in high-growth domains such as 
EV power electronics, traction motors, controllers and vehicle control units. This 
collaboration continues to deliver operational synergies and will play a pivotal role 
in achieving our growth roadmap. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 In Q2 FY26, we also hosted our Investor Day in Pune, where we presented Minda 
Corporation's technological ca pabilities, strategic priorities and most important, 
our long -term Vision 2030, which is built around key 5 pillars that define our 
growth roadmap and guide our strategic direction. 
 Our performance continues to be guided by the key pillars of growth, whic h are: 
one, investment in existing businesses; two, new market export focus; three, 
premiumization of existing products; fourth, new product launches; and fifth, 
investment into R&D.  
Looking ahead, we remain committed to executing our strategic priorities  with 
continued focus on enhancing our system solution offering, strengthening 
customer relationships and investing in new technologies. 
 Our emphasis on operational excellence will also play a critical role in driving the 
growth in FY26 and beyond. Our key focus remains on capital allocation. We are 
committed to expanding our presence in the EV market, advancing our R&D 
capabilities and building strategic partnerships. Now with that, I would like to 
invite Mr. Ajay Agarwal to take you through the company's presentation and key 
highlights for the quarter. Over to you, Ajay. Thank you. 
Ajay Agarwal: Thank you, Aakash. Once again, good evening to everyone. I'm on Slide number 
2. I'm hoping that the slides have reached all of you and you have a copy of it. 
Slide number 2 gives you a glance of Minda Corporation. 
 Our group revenue for FY25 was Rs. 7,472 crores and consol revenue was Rs. 
5,056 crores. We have 32 manufacturing plants, over 18,000 workforce across 32 
plants and various offices. We have filed for 315 patents. Out of that, 143 patents 
have already been granted to the company. On the left bottom, these are some of 
the significant partners we have onboarded over the last several years. 
 In this calendar year, many of you know, we have acquired 49%  shares of Flash 
electronics in January of FY25.  
Moving to the next slide, Slide number 3. It gives you an overview of Indian 
automotive industry performance for Q2. Aakash did touch upon how the growth 
has been for the auto industry. The industry grew at about 10.1% Y-o-Y. On a Q-
o-Q basis, it grew at 15.6%, the noticeable growth we have seen both in 2-wheeler 
segment, in 3 -wheeler segment as well as in tractor segment. Passenger vehicle 
also grew, but the growth was quite timid.And clearly, the growth wh ich we 
===== PAGE 6 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 5 of 15 
 
saw in Q2 was largely driven by some of the policy announcement carried out by 
the central government in September.  
Moving to Slide number 4. It gives you a brief overview how has been our Q2 and 
some of the significant developments in Q2  and on th e right-hand side, it talks 
about what has been the significant development from a 6 -month H1 FY26 
perspective. The company had a highest ever revenue clocked at Rs. 1,535 crores, 
registering a growth of 19% Y-o-Y. The EBITDA margin stood at 11.6% for Q2, 
registering a growth of 22 bps Y-o-Y This quarter, we registered a lifetime order 
book of about RS. 2,000 crore, which constitute export about 15%. We have been 
significantly waiting for our sunroof order. 
 I'm happy to report to all of you that we have secured our first sunroof order from 
a leading OEM for their upcoming vehicle launch, and we'll give you more details 
as we come closer to the production  and in this quarter, we have filed 6 new 
patents. As I said, up to date we have filed 315 patents . Out of that, 143 patents 
have already been granted. From a H1 perspective, we registered a growth of 18% 
despite macro and microeconomic challenges, which we are seeing in the 
automotive industry. 
 EBITDA margin stood at 11.4%, registering a growth of 23  bps Y-o-Y and total 
lifetime order book exceeded RS. 3,600 crores for the H1. Our new partnership 
with Toyodenso for switches, we have got some interesting orders from leading 
OEMs and there also, we will give you more details as we come closer to the 
production. And in the first year, we have filed 12 patents out of 315, which we 
talked about.  
Moving to Slide number 5. These are some of the new product’s portfolio we have 
added in the last 6 months and particularly in Q2. High-voltage EV wiring harness 
order we have received from a leading OEM, and this is a new business, which we 
are going to start in Minda Corporation. TFT cluster also we have won from a 
leading OEM for their upcoming model launch. Sunroof, I did touch upon that. 
That order has also been received and SOP is planned for Q1 of FY27. 
 Like I said, our Toyodenso joint venture, we have won a significant order for the 
switches from the leading OEM, and we plan to commence our operation 
sometime Q4 of FY27.  
Moving to Slide number 6, giving you  some snippets of our performance in 
revenue for Q2. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 Our revenue stood at RS. 1,535 crores, registering a growth of 19% Y-o-Y. 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 178 crores, registering a growth of 21% over Q2 of FY25  
and PAT also saw a significant growth from RS. 74 crores to RS. 85 crores in this 
quarter. From a half year perspective, revenue saw a growth of 18%, EBITDA saw 
a growth of 20% and PAT saw a growth of 8%.  
Moving to the Slide number 7. From a business segment and business vertical 
perspective, Mechatronics and aftermarket registered a strong growth in domestic 
2-wheeler segment, while we saw a little bit of setback in export and a little bit of 
slowdown in ASEAN market. But despite that, the business grew by around 12%. 
And from an Information and Connected System perspective, the business growth 
was registered about 26%, which includes Minda instrument and wiring harness 
business. 
 Moving to the next slide, Slide number 8. From a product portfolio perspective on 
the overall revenue segment, an overall 30% contributed by wiring harness 
business, vehicle access contributed 22%, die casting contributed 16% and cluster 
business contributed 17%. 
 From a mobility perspective, 2 -wheeler and 3-wheeler contributed about 45% of 
our total revenue, commercial vehicle contributed 29% of the revenue, passenger 
vehicle contributed 15% and aftermarket contributed 11% in Q2 of FY27.  
Moving to Slide number 9. I briefly touched upon our recent partnership with 
Flash. They also did quite well, both from a Q2 as well as half yearly perspective, 
despite having some challenges in terms of magnet  and they saw a little bit of 
downtrend from an OEM perspective. But despite that, the performance is quit e 
heartening to see. Their revenue stood at around Rs. 446 crores for the quarter and 
for half year, it stood at Rs. 822 crores. 
 The EBITDA margin stood at 16.1% and PAT margin stood at 6.8%. From a half 
year perspective, it is Rs. 131 crore the EBITDA and the PAT and margin is Rs. 
52 crore with 6.3%. Moving to the next slide, Slide number 10. This gives you an 
overview of where our debt position stands. Our net debt is RS. 1,165 crores and 
net debt-to-equity ratio is about 0.5, and our rating stands at AA stable from India 
rating and for CRISIL, it is AA- with positive outlook.  
Moving to the next slide. Aakash did touch upon some of the strategic priorities 
when we unveiled our vision for FY30. I'll not go deeper into many of those, but 
suffice to say, fo r the half year ending FY26, the company has invested Rs. 220 
===== PAGE 8 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 7 of 15 
 
crores. We have planned expenditure of Rs. 2,000 crore over the next 4.5 to 5 
years. 
 Moving to the Slide number 13. It gives you where all the investment will be made 
across the vertical, including die casting SMAD , in our Minda Toyodenso joint 
venture, wiring harness division as well as Minda instrument. Some of the product 
launch, I have already spoken , I'm on Slide number 15, whether it is sunroof, 
whether it is switches and the high-voltage wiring harness product. 
 I'm now on Slide number 21. As all of you know, we have made significant 
investment in our R&D center over the last several years, and we will continue to 
invest because it's being our strategic priority and it is yielding rich dividend to us. 
 Thus far, we have been spending about 4% to 4.5% of our revenue in R&D. Going 
forward, that amount might stand at around 3% to 3.5% in R&D because most of 
the capex has already been carried out, and we don't expect to incur too  much of 
capex around that. So with this, I'll hand it over to the operator for the Q&A, please. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Raghunandhan N.L. from Nuvama Research. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Congratulations on extremely strong numbers. Sir, my question was on the wiring 
harness space. In wiring harness, there is a significant outperformance in 
comparison to industry growth. Can you indicate what would be the current market 
share in 2 -wheeler and CV wiring harness and whether we have gained m arket 
share in comparison to last year? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. Raghu, thank you so much for your question. In wiring harness division, 
particularly as we have shown, our dependence continues to be more on the non -
passenger vehicle segment. However, we have made the first breakthrough on the 
high-voltage side in the passenger vehicle at Minda Corporation. 
 On the market share perspective, it is a little fragmented, basis on the different 
segments. So when it comes to 2-wheelers and commercial vehicles and off-road, 
we are north of 30% in each of these segments. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Got it, sir. And you alluded to the PV order win and in the opening remarks also, 
Ajay sir mentioned that this is a new business. Can you elaborate a little bit more 
what would be the size of the order? How do you see your position in the PV 
business to shape up in the coming quarters and years? How do you plan to take it 
forward? 
===== PAGE 9 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So currently, high-voltage wiring harnesses and cables are imported into India 
and this is in our drive to move forward for the localization as well as increased 
content per vehicle. Passenger vehicle business that we have got is from an 
international OEM based in India, and they are one of the largest EV manufacturers 
of passenger vehicles in India. So yes, our focus going forward is how we can 
capture this segment of the industry as well. 
 So yes, this is the first breakthrough that we have got from the passenger vehicle 
side, and we are now localizing the components through our Sanco partnership as 
well as how we can penetrate further by way of localization of the other system 
solutions offering.  
Raghunandhan N. L.: Got it, sir. Another question on wiring harness before I fall back to the queue. Can 
you indicate how many customers you are servicing relating to the EVs in wiring 
harness? Or can you mention the share of EV in revenue for this division? 
Aakash Minda: We are serving multiple customers and largely they come from the 2-wheeler and 
3-wheeler. And in the 4-wheeler, we have just now added our first customer. But 
particularly when it comes to the wiring harness side, typically our revenue from 
the EV stands in more excess of 3-digit numbers. 
The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital. 
Mitul Shah: Congratulations for a very strong performance in a tough environment. Sir, first 
question is on Flash. If you can give slightly more details in terms of how the 
business revenue breakup in terms of the EV versus non-EV. And considering 
the current scenario of the rare earth magnet issue, how one should look at what's 
the outlook from next 2-3 quarters point of view? And what is the strategy there? 
Ajay Agarwal: See, from an EV and non -EV perspective, their EV contribution to the revenue 
stands about 23-24 odd percentage and we believe that it was an issue of Q2. That 
problem has been relatively solved between most of the OEMs, Tier 1s as well as 
the reconciliation which took place between the several governments. 
 We don't believe that we would have that issue for Q3-Q4 and onwards. Alongside 
of that, most of the Tier 1s, including Flash, has been significantly spending money 
to find solution around rare earth magnets. 
 And I think in times to come, we will be in a position to discuss more in detail 
what kind of product has been launched to solve permanently the rare earth issue. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Aakash Minda: So Flash has already developed the ferrite motors for all of our customers and also, 
the tech center from Poland has already developed magnet-less motors. Now they 
are under current testing validation at our internal facilities, and then they will be 
offered to the customers. 
Mitul Shah: Okay, sir. Second question is on sunroof SOPs we are starting in Q1 FY27. How 
one should look at ramp up throughout FY27? And if you can throw some light on 
FY28 or these initial orders, first order win is very small or can we consider 
meaningful? If you can give some detail on this sunroof business. 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So it is a phase -wise approach and this business is going to ramp up 
throughout FY27, and then, of course, probably achieving the peak value in FY28. 
That is how the typical launch of a new product is. And our customer who is 
launching this product is a new platform or a new product. 
 So that's one. And secondly, it is a sizable order, if I can say  and yes, so we are 
going to see the ramp up. However, I would like to definitely point out that this 
joint venture is a 50%-50% between Minda Corporation and HCMF. 
Mitul Shah: Yes. Sir, lastly on the revenue segment-wise, CV revenue has also reported decent 
revenues. So can you give more detail whether it's market share gain or any content 
addition or increasing the price of the product or how one should look at? Because 
overall underlying industry has not done so great, and we have done much better. 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So Mitul, these, again, focus on the base objectives of the organization that 
we continue to do. So again it's a mix of market share. It's a mix of adding new 
products, and also adding the premiumization of the products from the clusters or 
the wiring harness perspective. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Jay Kale from Elara Capital. 
Jay Kale: Yes. So, my first question was regarding smart key solutions. If you could just give 
us a little more about how the acceptance for your ICE customers has been for this 
product? What is the contribution of smart key solutions currently? And how are 
you seeing that over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Aakash Minda: So, the penetration of smart keys into the 2 -wheeler is going as per our plan. As 
we understand and as we've shared before, the penetration currently is somewhere 
about 3% to 5%. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 And by 2030, our target is to take it to somewhere about 25% to 30%. Yes, there 
are a lot of factors that are playing in, and we are seeing many customers, whether 
Japanese or Indian 2 -wheeler OEMs, launching these products in ICE as well as 
EV vehicles. Particularly when it comes to the percentage of penetration, it is again 
hovering around a similar number, which is close to about 5% to 6%. 
Jay Kale: Understood. And just on your export side, if you could just highlight, how you see 
your export orders? Any significant wins over there? aover the last two to three 
years export has underperformed the domestic growth. Are we seeing any change 
of fortunes on that side? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. Our focus on export continues as we have shown in our Vision 2030 as well. 
So the order win continues to be from the die casting business, the wiring harness 
businesses, and now moving forward is from the instrument cluster businesses as 
well. So these will be the areas of focus when it comes to the export orders. 
 And as we mentioned, the export orders continue to be there, but the overall current 
business that we are exporting, particularly on our Mechatronics business side, are 
underperforming due to the overall recreational vehicle slowdown that we can see 
across the two geographies in Europe and America. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. 
Jyoti Singh: Congratulation on the good set of number. So  my question is on the die casting 
and plastic side. So what proportion of die casting revenue comes from EV 
application, like motor housing and battery trades versus ICE component? 
 And another, with two new die casting plant that under construction, so what kind 
of utilization level that we are expected at SOP? And what incremental revenue 
capacity are we planning to add? I will add more. 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So thank you for that question. Firstly, in the die casting business, about 10% 
to 15% is only from  the captive consumption. That comes from the outside 
customers. And out of that, about 40% to 45% is the exports business. 
 In terms of EV versus ICE, I cannot give you a number off-hand, but our Investor 
Relations team can reach out to you after this. Going forward on the die casting 
plant when we are setting up these new facilities, these new facilities are basically 
to enhance our current capacity in the current machine size. Also, we are adding 
===== PAGE 12 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 11 of 15 
 
large tonnage machines for more high -EV and 4 -wheeler comp onents and 
products. 
  Of course, the utilization at the beginning is low, but we have won orders. And 
once we have a facility in place, and then we, of course, showcase to the customers 
for additional share of business or wallet share or penetration.  So that is how we 
are continuing, but the most important for us is to have the facilities in place to 
offer to the customers. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. And just one more on the export side, like earlier we discussed. So how is 
the company leveraging cost competitiven ess to gain market share in Europe, 
given Flash's strong OEM base there? 
Aakash Minda: Ma'am, both Flash and Minda have our strong customer base in Europe. So, we 
are in India market and other Asian countries typically have a better cost 
competitiveness. And here, the overall dynamics of the supply chain around the 
world are changing. Particularly, when it comes to Europe, there are, of course, 
challenges coming from the Chinese markets where they are further cost 
competitive than us. 
 But here is where the  India at large and Minda Corporation plays on technology 
and as well as our cost competitiveness. Particularly when it comes to the products 
that we are exporting to the American countries, there the Indian or other countries, 
except for China, have further penetration and further acceptability. 
 There, of course, the more of the Indian players or countries or people from these 
countries have a larger advantage, whether it comes from the technology as well 
as from the pricing perspective. So we are engaged with all sorts of customers. 
And in the Q1 as well, we have shared that we won orders across segments, 
particularly wiring harness and die casting, in the last few quarters. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sanket Balla from Ampersand Capital. 
Sanket Balla: Yes. So sir, just wanted to understand what is your R&D expense as a percentage 
of sales for Q2? That's my first question. 
Ajay Agarwal: See, overall, Y-o-Y, the company has been spending anywhere between 3.5% to 
4%. Last year, it was around 4.5%. And this quarter, right now, we don't have the 
number, but we expect the number to be around 3.5%. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Sanket Balla: Okay, sir. My second question is, sir, can you just give me a guidance on your 
margins? And what will lead to the margin expansion going ahead? 
Ajay Agarwal: Well, if you look at our Vision 2030, we have kept 5 pillars of growth. And we 
have given a target of greater than 12.5% EBITDA margin across our business 
verticals, whether it is premiumization, whether it is export, whether it is new 
product, new customer, whether it is EV focused, whether it is Flash, whether it is 
new business. All put together will help us to achieve the guided number of 12.5% 
or greater. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Jainis Chheda from Kemfin Family Office. 
Jainis Chheda: Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, my question is to do with the new products 
that are coming up. So as I can see, most of the products are towards the passenger 
vehicle segment. So going forward, how much of the revenue do you expect from 
the PV side once these products are up and running? 
Ajay Agarwal: See, Jainis, if you look at in our, again, Vision 2030, today the revenue of 15% 
comes from passenger vehicles. We have guided that by 2030; we want to take this 
revenue share of 15% to 25%. Whe ther it is wiring harness, whether it is TFT 
cluster, whether it is switches, whether it is sunroof and various other products 
which we intend to launch, those will help us to take the whole revenue share from 
passenger vehicle to the tune of 25%. 
Jainis Chheda: So, sir, is it fair to assume that our PV products will have a higher margin compared 
to our 2-wheeler products, especially in case of wiring harness? 
Ajay Agarwal: It will be blended and like I said, our aim is to achieve greater than 12.5% EBITDA 
margin. Whether it is 2 -wheeler, whether it is 3 -wheeler, whether it is passenger 
vehicle, everything will contribute to achieve that objective. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Raghunandhan N.L. from Nuvama Research. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Sir, in sunroofs, earlier you had indicated investment of Rs. 63 crore for a capacity 
of around 81,000 units. So just trying to understand what would be the general 
gross asset turnover? What would be the revenue potential on this investment? And 
would you expect optimal utilization by FY28? 
Aakash Minda: So Raghu, the investment is going to be in the similar lines. and secondly, the first 
line that we are setting up will not have 100% utilization, but more so towards 60% 
utilization. So yes, and that should be by FY28. And of course, now in parallel, we 
===== PAGE 14 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 13 of 15 
 
continue to look for other customers as well. Of course, once we have the first 
project set up, this give confidence to other customers and opens the doorway for 
a lot of things. 
 So as we move along, we will see how we can increase our further business. But 
secondly, we are also in advanced discussions for the other product lines that are 
offered by the joint venture. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Got it, sir. And sir, with the view of increasing presence in PV, another question 
there. In cluster space, historically we had strong presence in 3 -wheeler, PV, 
tractors, even in 2-wheeler. How is our presence in clusters for the PV space? 
 What would be our current market share? And also if you can talk a bit about the  
PV order win, which you have announced this quarter. 
Aakash Minda: So Raghu, we have our passenger vehicle market share in single digits. Number 
two, we have won multiple orders across passenger vehicle, commercial vehicle, 
3-wheeler and 2 -wheeler segment s for the TFT  and more importantly, their 
platform products are not model specific. 
 And they range from 3 -inch to even 12.3 -inch clusters. So the SOPs are varied 
across the next quarters and years. But yes, in passenger vehicle also, we have won 
very significant large TFT business as a platform product as an instrument cluster. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Got it, sir. Heartening to hear even the wins from the 12.3 -inch cluster. Sir, one 
last question. In Flash, margin performance has been impressive at 16.1%. Last 
year, full year, it was 14.5%. So are these margins sustainable? And if you can talk 
about what has led to this expansion? 
Ajay Agarwal: Well, I think, again, there also product mix and the other angle, which has led to a 
better performance, is EV con tribution. Also from a certain projects which the 
company has been running, whether it is employee cost, whether it is EBITDA 
margin improvement, those have resulted into a better margin and we have reasons 
to believe that the margin is sustainable and wil l continue to fetch a similar 
EBITDA margin going forward. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Got it, sir. Sir, one basic question. In terms of 2-wheeler, 3-wheeler for the traction 
motors, Flash has been able to offset the supply issue instead of using heavy rare 
earths, the usages of light rare earth. But in future, Flash also has plans for getting 
into 4-wheeler and commercial vehicle motors. For these motors, would heavy rare 
===== PAGE 15 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 14 of 15 
 
earths be required? Or can it be managed through light rare earth or magnet -less 
motors? 
Aakash Minda: So Raghu, yes, Flash and Minda Corporation together are going to move forward 
for all segments of powertrain -related products, particularly from the EV 
perspective. And this is why we have come together where we create the complete 
system from power electronics perspective and powertrain perspective. 
 Number two, yes, the Poland technical center as well as a couple of other 
partnerships are working together for making ferrite motors, which are low-grade 
magnet motors as well as magnet-less motors across segments. So 2-wheelers, 3-
wheelers as well as passenger vehicles is what we have already developed. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Jay Kale from Elara Capital. 
Jay Kale: Yes. Just one question. On your instrument cluster business,  historically we had 
mentioned that to compete in this space will require strong technology partnerships 
or even consolidation of the market by inorganic growth. As we stand today, we've 
been able to win a lot of new orders organically as well. 
 What is our view currently? Do we think that our capabilities are good enough to 
go it solo? Or are we still open for partnerships or inorganic expansion within the 
space as this space is offering huge growth potential as we move forward? 
Aakash Minda: So yes, Jay, this space offers a lot of growth opportunities, and Minda Corporation 
is very well-positioned through our technical center as well as other collaborations 
to cater to all the segments of standalone clusters and cockpits. And with this 
quarter, we have als o shared the order wins across segments, and I've already 
shared with you what products those are, particularly in the TFT space. 
 Going forward, through our technical center as well as making a complete system 
solution offering, we are working with global  partners in order to complete our 
system solution offering as well as look at localization on various aspects. 
 So, we are focusing and developing ourselves more and more stronger with further 
investments into capacity, into the buildings as we have shown in our investment 
slides as well as our strengthening of our R&D center, which all of you have visited 
recently and seen the complete product portfolio on what we are doing from t he 
instrument cluster and driver cockpit and cockpit electronics perspective. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Hemant Soni, an Individual Investor. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 November 06, 2025 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Hemant Soni: Sir, we have a very strong vision till FY30. So I mean, can you break it up? I mean, 
what can be the revenue guidance for FY26 and FY27? 
Aakash Minda: So again, we have already shared this, right? Our CAGR and Y-o-Y growth is 
expected to be somewhere between 20% and 25%. So that has to be our Y-o-Y 
figure to achieve our targets. And we are well in position to achieve those with the 
order wins and the plants that we're setting up in place. 
Hemant Soni: So sir, 20% to 25% Y-o-Y growth, right? 
Aakash Minda: Correct, between that 20% and 25%. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Aakash Minda: So once again, thank you, everybody. I would like to thank everyone for joining 
the call. We, at Minda Corporation, are and remain highly confident in our growth 
trajectory, both in the near term and long term, driven by strategic investments and 
an unwavering commitment to advancing our products and technologies. 
 We are committed to creating value for all of our stakeholders and shareholders. 
We are investing deeply in our capabilities in terms of people, capacities, 
technologies and competencies across field. I hope we have been able to respond 
to most of your queries. For any further information, we request you to please get 
in touch with our IR team. Thank you very much and wishing all of you a great 
day. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 