SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/VARROC-Concall_Nov_2025_Transcript.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
Varroc Engineering Limited 
Regd. & Corp. Office 
 
 
L-4, MIDC, Industrial Area 
Waluj, Aurangabad 431 136, 
Maharashtra, India 
Tel   + 91 240 6653700 
Fax   + 91 240 2564540 
email: varroc.info@varroc.com 
www.varroc.com 
CIN: L28920MH1988PLC047335  
 
VARROC/SE/INT/2025-26/113    November 17, 2025 
 
 The Manager- Listing 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G 
Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051. 
NSE Symbol: VARROC
 
  The Manager – Listing 
The Corporate Relation Department, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001. 
BSE Security Code: 541578 
[Debt: 975062] 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor / Conference Call pertaining to Unaudited Financial 
Results for the quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find Transcript of Investors / Conference Call held on Wednesday, November 
12, 2025, in respect of the Un-audited Financial Results for the quarter and half year 
ended on September 30, 2025.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Varroc Engineering Limited                        
 
 
 
Anil Ghatiya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                     
Encl: A/a 
  
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Varroc Engineering Limited Q2 FY-26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
M
ANAGEMENT: MR. TARANG JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
MR. ARJUN JAIN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & CEO 
OF BUSINESS UNIT-I 
MR. DHRUV JAIN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CEO OF BUSINESS UNIT-II 
MR. MAHENDRA KUMAR – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. BIKASH DUGAR – HEAD, IR & FINANCE 
CONTROLLER OF BUSINESS UNIT-II 
MR. VISHAL RAVAL – GROUP FINANCE CONTROLLER 
FOR BUSINESS UNIT-I 
MODERATOR: MR. VIVEK KUMAR – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Varroc Engineering Limited Q2 and H1 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder , all participants’  lines will be in the listen -only mode  and t here will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vivek Kumar from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Kumar: Thank you, Anushka. Good evening, everyone. From Varroc Engineering, we have with us Mr. 
Tarang Jain – Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Arjun Jain – Whole-Time Director and 
CEO of Business Unit-I; Mr. Dhruv Jain – Whole-Time Director and CEO of Business Unit-II; 
Mr. Mahendra Kumar – Group CFO; Mr. Bikash Dugar  – Head, IR and Finance Controller of 
Business Unit-II; and Mr. Vishal Raval – Group Finance Controller for Business Unit-I. 
We will start the call with brief opening comments from the Management, followed by the Q&A 
session. 
I would now like to invite Tarang sir for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Tarang Jain: Thank you, Vivek, and thank you, team, ICICI Securities, for hosting the call, and good evening 
to everyone. Tarang Jain here. 
To start with, the Indian economy continues to perform well, experiencing robust growth and 
has become the world's fastest-growing major economy. India's real GDP grew by 7.8% in the 
April to June 2025 quarter. The inflation in India continues to moderate. 
Globally, rising tariff barriers, supply chain restrictions and geopolitical tensions are 
increasingly an uncertainty for businesses. Supply chain resilience and digitalization are 
becoming key corporate strategies amid this uncertainty. The A utomotive industry is also 
preparing to deal with these challenges. In these uncertain times, it becomes very important for 
the company to find ways to manage this uncertainty and grow simultaneously during the period. 
We are moving fast to make our organization more agile, fundamentally strong and customer -
focused to succeed in this environment. Over the last 3 years, since the divestment exercise, we 
have been consistently improving on financial prudence, cost reductio n and customer delight. 
As you all know, we focus on free cash flow generation and managed to reduce our debt 
significantly. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 18 
As a result, the net debt to EBITDA, which was more than 2x in FY '23 is now below 0.3x. The 
interest burden, which was close to 3% of revenue in Q2 of FY '23 has been reduced to below 
1.5% in Q2 of FY '26. We also improved our gross margins during this pe riod by almost 1%. 
We also delayered the organization during Q4 of FY '25, which moderated our manpower costs. 
All these improvements reflected in improvement in PBT margin during this period from 1.1% 
to over 4% now. 
We are also continuously improving our speed of response, program management efficacy and 
delivering first-time right. As indicated earlier, we also established a strong R&D facility in 
China this financial year to enhance our capabilities and take advanta ge of skill sets available 
there. 
We are also exploring opportunities to rationalize fixed manpower costs in plants through VRS 
schemes. In taking these decisions,  we are giving more importance to long-term growth rather 
than short-term impact. 
Over the last few years,  we have been able to scale our EV products portfolio, and this has 
resulted in our revenue growth in this segment, helping the overall growth of the company. 
Today, more than 11% of revenue comes from supplying to EV customers. 
We are also experimenting with artificial intelligence in areas like quality inspection and 
corporate functions to improve productivity and cut down inefficiencies. We are also working 
on various other initiatives to reduce working capital and improve throughput. We will be 
sharing more updates on the same in our future discussions with you. 
Our growth plan is built mainly on 3 pillars: 
• The first opportunity for growth comes from content increases driven by safer, 
smarter, sustainable and more premium mobility. As an organization, we are focusing 
significantly on e-mobility, connectivity and ADAS. 
• The second pillar of growth comes from portfolio management. Leveraging the China 
arbitration verdict, we took the call not to have manufacturing footprint in China. 
Instead, we have set up a location in Thailand, which is a well -established auto 
manufacturing hub and offers several export opportunities. 
• The third pillar of growth is looking through adjacencies and the company is looking 
to further grow its business in the aftermarket and exports both organically and through 
M&A. These strategic calls, along with strong financial prudence enabled us to 
generate a good amount of free cash flow and improve the return ratios.  In Q2 of FY 
'26, the ROCE of the company was at 23.6% as compared to 12% seen in FY '23.  
Coming to the performance in this quarter: 
===== PAGE 5 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 18 
Let's first understand the industry performance in India: 
In terms of automotive production in India, during Q uarter 2 of FY '26, all the segments 
registered growth on a year -on-year basis as well as on a quarter -on-quarter basis due to a 
buoyant economy as well as the early festive season. 
On a year -on-year basis, 2 -wheeler grew by 10.6%, 3-wheelers grew by 18.3%, passenger 
vehicles grew by 4.2% and commercial vehicles grew by 11.8%. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
2-wheelers grew by 17.4%, 3-wheelers grew by 39.3%, passenger vehicles grew by 6.5% and 
the commercial vehicles grew by 2.9%. 
Coming to the operational performance: 
During Quarter 2 of FY '26, the company registered a consolidated revenue of INR 22.7 billion 
with a growth of 6.1% year -on-year with India operation growing at 7%. The Indian revenue 
was impacted by industry by rare -earth issue. This resulted in a loss of Indian national of INR 
750 million of revenue in Q uarter 2 of FY '26, while the growth in the Indian operation would 
have been at 11.8%. 
As stated earlier, for future growth perspective, we had established an R&D center in overseas 
location to support 4 -Wheeler Lighting and the Electronics businesses. This has resulted in a 
higher employee cost starting from Q1 of FY '26. Thus, our EBITDA for the quarter was around 
9.1% as compared to 9.7% on a year-on-year basis. 
Our PBT before JV profit was at 4.1% of revenue in Q2 of FY '26 as against 4.3% in Q2 of FY 
'25. However, I would like to bring to your attention the point that the India EBITDA and PBT 
were strong at 11.5% and 7%, respectively, and grew both on a year -on-year basis as well as 
sequentially. As explained earlier, the overseas Electronics , Lighting and Forging businesses 
continue to face challenges due to customer concentration and the macro environment. However, 
we are winning significant orders for the overseas Electronics and Lighting businesses already, 
and the turnaround is expected to be visible from half 2 of FY '27. 
We continue to strengthen our balance sheet. The net debt of the company in Half 1 of FY '26 
was reduced by INR 3,680 million. And as a result, the net debt to equity is reduced to below 
0.22x. The absolute net debt figure was at INR 3,800 million. 
With significant growth enabling investments planned in H2, the net debt may see only a modest 
improvement in half 2 of this year. In half 1 of FY '26, we achieved net new business wins with 
annualized peak revenues of INR 8,928 million. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 18 
Notable business wins among these are 4-Wheeler Lighting business for passenger vehicles and 
also business wins from existing EV customers for the increased volume in the near future. 
We also remain confident to win the high -voltage Electronics for a range of high- performance 
e-powertrain components for our Romanian plant before the end of this calendar year. 
As emphasized earlier, for the transformation to continue in this volatile new normal 
environment, we continue to build resilience to manage uncertainty while also driving growth. 
With this, I will now ask MK – our Group CFO, to walk you through the presentation and give 
more insights into the financial performance. We uploaded the investor presentation to the stock 
exchanges as well as on the website. 
Mahendra Kumar: Thank you, Tarang. Good evening, everyone. Let me take you through the presentation. This 
time, we added a few slides more to make the entire presentation more informative to all of you. 
So, you see that in Slide #5, we actually gave an overview of the entire R&D footprint, which is 
spread across multiple countries, including India, Italy, Poland and China, which is the latest 
one which we added. 
So, let me take you to Slide # 8, which has the highlights of Q2. As our CMD mentioned, we 
reported a revenue of INR 2,207 crores, which is 6.1% growth at the consolidated level. India 
operations registered close to 8% growth. 
Now this includes the impact of rare -earth magnets issue that the industry had in Q2,  and of 
course, to some extent, towards end of Q1 also. So, because of this issue, the growth was actually 
reduced by about 4% in Q2. So, otherwise, we would have almost reported a 12% growth. 
The revenue from EV customers also came in at around 11%. Even this could have been more 
without the rare-earth magnet issue. 
Coming to profits: 
PBT was at 4.1% versus 4.3%. EBITDA was at 9.1% versus 9.7%. Again, we will explain the 
reasons for this dip in the subsequent slides. But primarily, this is driven by the increased mix 
of tool sales and the overall sales, which came in at low margins. Plu s we also had this China 
R&D setup, which we mentioned earlier also. So, because of that, it appears to be lower. But 
these 2 initiatives will only improve the growth going forward. So, these are more like 
investments for the future. 
Coming to the peak revenue: 
===== PAGE 7 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 18 
Revenue from new orders, peak annual revenue. During H1, it actually adds  up to about INR 
893 crores with 63% of this related to the electric vehicles, which is quite a positive development. 
On net debt: 
We continue to reduce the net debt further. So, it now stands below INR 400 crores at about INR 
380 crores. CAPEX was significant this time, and most of it got front-loaded this time. So, we 
spent about INR 186 crores. Part of this also is related to the new facility, which we just started 
in Thailand. 
Coming to the patents: 
We filed more than 14 patents in H1, taking the total to more than 130. And R&D setup, of 
course, we discussed already, but the new expansion in R&D is going to focus on growth areas 
like exterior Lighting, ADAS and also intelligent cockpit for future growth. 
Going to the next slide, Slide #9. So, this is about the industry: 
Q2 was a mixed bag with many changes taking place. We had the early onset of festival season. 
We also had the GST reduction negative and positive impact. Initially, there was a lot of 
uncertainty around the timing of it. But subsequently, when it was reduced, it was well received 
by the market. The rare-earth magnet issue also, of course, we discussed already. So, despite all 
this, the 2-wheeler industry grew by 10.6% year-over-year, 3-wheeler by 18.3% and passenger 
vehicle by close to 4%. 
In terms of sequential growth also, it was pretty good, largely helped by the festival demand and 
GST reduction also. So, 2-wheeler grew by about 17.4% and 3-wheeler by 39% is a significant 
growth, and passenger vehicle grew by about 6.5%. 
The EV 2-wheeler volume also on a sequential basis, it grew only by 11.2% because the industry 
got impacted by the rare-earth magnet issue, which is now anyway getting resolved. So, we are 
hoping that Q3 will be better than what it normally is. 
Let me take you to the next slide, which is Slide #10. So, here, we are giving the consolidated 
financials: 
So, as mentioned earlier, it is 6.1% growth considering all these factors. EBITDA of 9.1% versus 
9.7%.  
Now the tooling impact and the R&D cost contributed to this kind of a reduction. If you adjust 
for these 2, we were actually at par with the last year Q2 EBITDA levels of 9.7%. And we also 
===== PAGE 8 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 18 
reduced the effective tax rate this time, because in consultation with the big 4 consultants, we 
actually created a centralized model for R&D, so which will be monitored and controlled from 
India, with India taking all the risk and all these other overseas markets acting as outsourcing 
R&D units for India. So, because of that, there's going to be some tax benefit also. So, that is 
reducing the effective tax rate this time. 
Talking about the overall H1 performance was 6.4% growth with EBITDA of 9.3% and PBT of 
4%. 
In the next slide, we have given the breakup between India and overseas. Now this has been the 
request from many investors in the past. So, considering the expectations, we actually wanted to 
give this kind of clarity. So, if you really see there are 3 boxes here, the India business, Overseas 
business and the R&D, which we do for Overseas business. 
So, if you look at India business, the growth of 8% is visible there. And EBITDA actually grew 
by 11% and PBT by 24%. And in terms of percentages also, if you really see, it's coming to 
almost like 7.2% in terms of the overall PBT. 
If you see the Overseas business, this is where we continue to see the dip. So, this time also, we 
saw about 18% dip in the overall revenue s. This comprises of multiple businesses. Of course, 
we have 2-wheeler Lighting business, which though it is having some kind of a revenue decline, 
it is still profitable. 
But the Electronics business in Romania, which we explained in the past also, so that still saw 
some kind of a dip. And Forging business because of all the U.S. tariff issues, they are actually 
seeing some kind of a reduction in the revenue. So, because of all this, the overall Overseas 
business revenue went down by 18%, which also had the impact on EBITDA and PBT levels. 
The third box denotes the R&D spending, which is spread across these multiple overseas centers. 
Now the important point to be noted here is, of course, we have come out of the non-compete 
restriction back in October after the divestment. So, which means now we can actually compete 
and win businesses across the world. So, this kind of spread out R&D setup is basically to 
enhance our capabilities in the advanced Electronics and also 4-wheeler Lighting. So, we found 
the China team to be quite effective and knowledgeable in these areas. That's the reason we have 
set up the China R&D center, which we explained last time also. 
So, basically, this is more like a future investment, investment for future growth, which will start 
yielding results maybe in the next 1 to 2 years. But the most positive thing here is the India 
business continues to grow strong, both in terms of top line and bottom line. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 18 
Going to the next slide, which is Slide #13. So, here, of course, we explained how the journey is 
continuing to reduce the debt. Right now, it's about INR 380 crores with a very strong net debt 
to equity of 0.22 and net debt to EBITDA of 0.47. 
In the subsequent slides, we give the revenue breakdown. A nd of course, the split between the 
segments also where you see 2 - and 3-wheelers adding up to 74% and 4-wheelers 26%. And 
geography, of course, 89% continues to come from outside India, 11% is Overseas business plus 
exports. In terms of customer concentration, 45% is Bajaj and 55% from others. 
The next slide, Slide #15. Here again, we made a slight change to the way we were showing the 
order book wins. Here, we gave this kind of clear movement. Where did we start the year? So, 
we started with about INR 1,307 crores of order book, and we won INR 892 crores , all these 
numbers are in terms of annual peak revenue. 
And then during the year, INR 470 crores so far has moved to SoP, start of production. So, that 
leaves about INR 1,693 crores as outstanding order book end of H1. We also gave the 
calendarization of these order wins in terms of when we will hit the SoP. So, this is not the 
annual revenue which we are going to get in the se respective years. This is basically about the 
value of the peak revenue of those orders which are moving to SoP in those years. 
And in terms of the business win breakup: 
EV customers add up to 63%, which is pretty strong this time. And in terms of the 2-, 3-wheeler 
and 4-wheeler mix also, it's 61% for 2 and 3-wheelers. You see that the 4 -wheeler order win is 
strengthening. It has now touched 39%. And in terms of customer mix, it's 58% for Bajaj , 
because of these recent wins and 42% for others. 
We also added a couple of slides on business-II, giving the overall description about the products 
and the footprint. I will request Dhruv to say a few words on this. 
Dhruv Jain: Yes. So, I think just coming to this slide,  we have already mentioned in the past regarding the 
Business II locations in Europe and Southeast Asia, particularly the ones, of course, in Vietnam, 
Romania and Italy, where there have been growth challenges , and of course, profitability 
challenges as a result as well. 
But another key activity that's been happening in Business II are some pretty significant R&D 
investments. And the main location here would, of course, be our location in China that we have 
set up recently for R&D, but also locations in Poland and India. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 18 
And really, our expectation in the subsequent quarters is to have significant new business wins. 
And of course, this will not just contribute to growth, but also our expectation is to successfully 
absorb these investments in the coming years as the programs that we win reach SoP. 
And in terms of just going into some more information in terms of the main areas that we are 
focused on. Of course, exterior and interior Lighting is a key area. Here, the center of excellence 
really for us is our China R&D team. We feel that the combination of technology, cost and speed 
that this team brings would be a unique value proposition for most customers globally, whether 
they are in Southeast Asia, India, Europe or North America. 
Beyond this, we also have a focus on Electronics manufacturing services. This would be for the 
key high-voltage Electronics in vehicle to do with EV powertrains, but also the key low-voltage 
Electronics to do with ADAS and cockpit. Even though electronic manufacturing services, there 
is a key role that R&D plays here as well in terms of design for excellence support, validation 
support as well. 
So, certainly, here as well, our R&D locations will be important. We have already had business 
wins that we have announced a few quarters back. But definitely, there  will be new businesses 
that we expect to be announcing quite soon. 
And then beyond this, we also have our own product areas that  we have invested in to do with 
ADAS, cockpit, fleet management. And here, too, our R&D locations in China, Poland and India 
are a very important factor. 
Next slide, please. So, this slide just goes into some more information, particularly with respect 
to a new location that we set up in Thailand. As of October of 2025, we are able to develop 
business for exterior Lighting  outside India as well. And here, our thought process was that a 
combination of our China R&D capabilities also,  and deployed through an export -friendly 
location like Thailand would be a strong combination, and will be able to address our customers' 
needs in a unique way. 
And here too, we expect in the coming quarters to be announcing some business wins and then, 
of course, in the coming years to also start production. And beyond this, of course as mentioned 
already, our overseas locations in China, Poland are also important areas for our endeavors when 
it comes to ADAS and the intelligent cockpit space. Thank you. 
Mahendra Kumar: Okay. So, thank you, Dhruv. So, we will stop here. We will be happy to take any questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much.  We will now begin the question-and -answer session. We take the first 
question from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. Please go ahead  
===== PAGE 11 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 18 
Aditya Jhawar: Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. And c ongrats on good set of numbers, especially on the debt  
reduction. A couple of questions from me. The rare-earth situation, I mean you highlighted that 
it had a bearing on our performance in Q2. Incrementally, how is the situation now? Do you 
have a line of sight of a normalized production as we speak? That is my first question. 
Arjun Jain: Yes. So, I would say, I think the normalization took place already towards the end of Q2, right? 
So, I think we have been in a normal state. And when I say normal state, really a derisked state 
for the last couple of months. A nd I think that reflects in the market numbers also that OEMs 
are putting out now. 
Aditya Jhawar: Sure. Sure. That's good to know. And order wins are quite encouraging, almost INR 600 crores 
in this quarter. Can you please throw some light in terms of products? Y ou have given a 
disclosure for 2-wheeler, 3-wheeler, 4-wheeler in terms of what product order wins we have got, 
especially in India? 
Arjun Jain: Yes. So, I think I will start with I think passenger car Lighting . I think we have a significant 
business win for passenger car Lighting , which I think is the bulk of the order win in Q2.  We 
also have further capacity expansions for EV product and particularly powertrain product, which 
is another significant contributor. And then  we have also been able to win some significant 
business in displays or instrument clusters. 
Aditya Jhawar: Okay. That's good to know. And if you can throw some light that typically, we see a little bit of 
a slowdown in production as we approach the year -end. But this time around, because of GST 
cut, are you experiencing that the outlook for the next 2, 3 months is shared by OEM is much 
better than the previous year-end that we have seen? 
Arjun Jain: Yes, I would say the period after Diwali so far seems to be stronger than what we have seen in 
past years. But I would also call out that it is also driven by the fact that rare earth topics created 
a level of backlog, right?  So, I think the combination of filling up that backlog plus I  am sure 
the GST reduction has also had a level of positive impact. So, demand is definitely better post 
Diwali versus than what the normal is. 
Aditya Jhawar: Okay. That's good to know. Final question is on our Overseas business. If you can shed more 
light, especially on the business, Dhruv, if you can talk about the Electronic business in Romania, 
but how should we see a ramp-up in some of the order wins? 
And the legacy business, are we out of the woods where one of the key customers was facing 
some challenges, and there were market -related challenges. If you can split and speak on both 
the new businesses of Electronics and our legacy business. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 18 
Dhruv Jain: Yes. Yes. So, I will just address our Romania Electronics plant. So, here, the key really will be 
the new businesses. And so  we have already have announced one business win. I think we 
announced this, I think, 2 quarters back. 
And so this program will SoP in the middle of 2026. So, in Fiscal Year '27, we will see the SoP 
for this program. We  had also mentioned an Interior Lighting business win. And this one also 
will SOP in the middle of 2026. 
And definitely, with these 2 programs itself, we expect to be out of the woods when it comes to 
our Romania plant. There are some advanced discussions that we are presently having for further 
business wins. We are not announcing it as of right now, but we feel confident that the next time 
we have this call that this will be announced. And this one will be also a very significant business 
win. 
And of course, at that point, then the Romania plant is not about naturally turning it around, it's 
about really thriving in this location. So, we expect in calendar year 2027 to be in a completely 
different situation to where we are right now with this location. 
Just to clarify, when it comes to legacy customers, on this one, I think without maybe yes. So, 
when it comes to legacy customers, I think definitely, we have had a single customer dependence 
when it comes to some of our other locations like Vietnam and Italy. And this customer has 
degrown significantly. And so here, I cannot say that there will be a big increase in the sales. So, 
the key for us will be on the new business win side. 
Mahendra Kumar: Just to add, please don't take any of this as a future revenue guidance. These are...  
Aditya Jhawar: Sure. Sure. And final question, if I can squeeze in. So, Tarang, you mentioned that debt reduction 
in second half of the year will not be significant. Is it because of a higher CAPEX that we plan 
to do in second half? And what would be your annual CAPEX guidance? That's it for me. 
Tarang Jain: Yes, right, Aditya. so let me take this. So, previously, if you remember, we indicated that the 
CAPEX would be about INR 270 crores on regular CAPEX plus another INR 150 crores for 
land. We may increase it by maybe another INR 80 crores to INR 90 crores from that level. So, 
say, close to INR 100 crores is what's going to be the increase. This is mainly for the future 
growth opportunities. 
So, because of this, yes, you are right. So, most of cash flow that we are going to generate in H2, 
will go to actually fund the CAPEX. So, we don't expect any significant reduction in debt from 
the current levels. 
Aditya Jhawar: Okay. That's it from my side. All the best. Thank you. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 18 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Dhaval Pandya from 47 Alpha Capital.  Please 
proceed. 
Dhaval Pandya: Yes. Congratulations on great numbers. And I had 2 questions, but one was being addressed 
previously. So, another question is, as we know, the rare-earth element got some issues. So, can 
you tell me which were the major product lines that got affected due to rare earth element issue? 
Arjun Jain: Yes. So, primary product line that got affected as a result of the issue was the powertrain product 
line and really the traction motor that we produce. Of course, there was impact across other 
product lines as well, whether it is topics like TPS or Throttle Position Sensors or other engine 
electricals like starter motors, AC generators. 
But I would say all the other product lines that were impacted, I think the derisking was a lot 
quicker. I think on the traction motor, it took a little bit longer, which is why we see a certain 
gap in sales. 
Dhaval Pandya: Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Ankur Poddar from Svan Investments. Please proceed 
Ankur Poddar: Hi. So, commendable job on the debt reduction. So, just wanted to understand what do you see 
is the future interest cost run rate which you expect for the coming quarters? 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes. So, basically, you can compute based on the existing levels, like what I mentioned, there 
may not be a significant reduction from the current levels in the remaining 6 months. So, there 
will be interest cost at the rate maybe around 8% on this. Plus, we also like what we mentioned 
earlier, we also have the receivables discounting, that's close to anywhere between INR 700 
crores to INR 750 crores. So, that goes at around 7%. 
So, based on this, we can compute. That should be run rate. There will be a few bank charges 
here and there, but more or less, that should be the run rate. 
Ankur Poddar: Understood. And my next question is based on your overall corporate business vision road map. 
So, for Varroc, where do you see Varroc heading in the next 3 to 5 years horizon in terms of top 
line profitability and technology improvements, et cetera? 
Mahendra Kumar: See, I think we mentioned in the earlier calls also that our ambition is to basically double the 
revenue by 2030 and take the PBT also well above 10%. So, that's the overall direction we are 
working towards. 
Ankur Poddar: Thank you. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 18 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vishakha Maliwal from ICICI Securities. 
Please proceed. 
Vishakha Maliwal: Hi, thanks for taking my question.  Just on EV revenues, the share now stands at 11% of total 
revenue. So, do you have any internal target for its contribution over the next 1 to 2 years? 
Arjun Jain: So, I wouldn't say that there is an internal target, right? I think if I take a step back, we take a 
fairly balanced view across different potential powertrains that could be in play. Of course, in a 
core market of 2- and 3-wheeler, we see very strong advent of EV. But I would say our product 
portfolio across different types powertrains is very strong, right? We have a very strong portfolio 
for ICE. We have a very strong portfolio for EV. 
So, I think with that, I would say we are really in the right spaces and in the right product lines. 
And I think we are very satisfied with where we stand in these product lines and the market 
shares we have in these product lines when we look to the future. 
Of course, more the market moves towards EV, the bigger this ratio becomes , and the more 
significant growth for us is, largely because into an electric vehicle, I think we really put almost 
5 to 7x the content we put into an ICE vehicle, right? 
So, if I were to summarize, I would say we have strong technology. We have strong positioning 
across all powertrains. And we now wait to see how the market evolves, and we are in the right 
place to take advantage regardless of which direction the market moves in. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rahul Kumar from Vaikarya Fund. 
Rahul Kumar: Yes. Hi. Just one question. Can you tell us the tooling sales in this quarter? And also, was there 
any cost impact because of the rare earth issue? 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes. So, I don't want to give the exact number of tooling sales, but yes, what I said, if you adjust 
for it, we were more or less there at the previous quarter levels in terms of the EBITDA margins 
and PBT margins. 
Coming to rare earth cost, there will be some additional freight costs or something, but which is 
recoverable from the customers. So, there's no bottom-line impact on margins because of that, 
other than loss of sales of course. 
Rahul Kumar: Okay. So, when you are comparing your EBITDA margin, you are comparing with the previous 
year quarter 2 FY '25. 
Mahendra Kumar: Correct. Correct. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 18 
Rahul Kumar: Second question on the order wins. I think I see pretty strong wins for your existing EV 
customers, right? What would that product be? 
Arjun Jain: Yes. So, the large portion of the EV order win is expansion in volumes of current programs, 
right? So, the next generation of the programs and the further capacity requirement for the 
programs. And the products that we do for EV are the e -powertrain, of course, which is the 
motor, the motor controller, the BMS, yes, and some engine agnostic product also that goes into 
those vehicles. 
Rahul Kumar: Okay. And do we have any progress on any other 2-wheeler top-tier EV customer in 2-wheelers? 
Arjun Jain: So, I would say we have progress with customers. And like we said before, I think we will SOP 
with our second customer in this year. In terms of top tier, I am not sure exactly what you mean, 
but it really the guys in the top 3. Of course, we have engagement, but we don't have a formal 
business win with anyone other than 1 of the top 3. 
Rahul Kumar: Okay. Okay. And this 4-wheeler business win which we have announced for the Lighting 
business, is that for the Overseas business? Or is it for India business? 
Arjun Jain: It is for India. 
Rahul Kumar: And I think one fundamental question which I had was I think we had a pretty spare capacity in 
our Romania plant for the 4-wheeler Lighting, right? And we are now going to expand. 
Dhruv Jain: So, I will just clarify, we had spare capacity for Electronics in our Romania plant. And here, we 
have actually one business that will launch in middle of 2026. And we are in advanced 
discussions on some other business opportunities as well that will launch at the end of 2026. So, 
we will be utilizing these capacity. There's a plan to utilize these spare capacities. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Priya Ranjan from HDFC AMC. 
Priya Ranjan: Just a couple of questions. What is the next year CAPEX thought process? How much we want 
this year, you said, whatever is the free cash flow, probably we will do that much of the CAPEX. 
And so what is the next year plan? 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes. Next year, we should go back to the normal levels, which is around INR 250 crores or so. 
Tarang Jain: That's for India. Plus, I think depending on the business wins abroad, I think that, CAPEX could 
be more. So, that could be also depending on the extent of the business win, it could be anywhere 
between INR 50 crores to INR 100 crores for the plants abroad. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 18 
Priya Ranjan: Okay. Got it. Will it be directed to more towards Romania and Thailand? I mean the Thailand, 
we want to produce Lighting, right? So, what is the thought... 
Tarang Jain: For 4-wheeler Lighting, we have already invested about INR 40 crores, which we had announced 
in this plant. And as we are trying to win more businesses, which probably we will announce in 
the coming quarters for Lighting. So, that may entail some more CAPEX. So, that will probably 
come in for next year. 
And also, of course, certain investments will also, of course, probably happen in Romania further 
to whatever the capacities we have, which, as Dhruv mentioned earlier, that they will be utilized 
in the next financial year. But then if you are winning more business for Electronics, which we 
are hopeful of, that will require some further investment there. 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes. So, those will be linked to the programs. 
Tarang Jain: It will be linked to the programs, yes. 
Priya Ranjan: Understood. And any thoughts on expanding domestic in the Electronics  side, the more SMT 
lines or any new areas where you want to go in the, say, Consumer Electronics side or something 
with the Contract Manufacturing or with the PCB or something that kind of thing is in your 
mind? Or you just wanted to stick to the Automotive side only? 
Arjun Jain: So, today, we already operate the equivalent of 17 SMT lines in India across 2 locations. I would 
say we have a fair amount of scale when it comes to Electronics  already. Of course, today, we 
are largely almost completely A utomotive focused, as you mentioned.  But we definitely keep 
our eye on and we start to explore other spaces also, because, especially where there is a level 
of design content involved, we believe even in non-automotive spaces, we bring strengths to the 
table. But I think that as things materialize, I think we will talk about it then. 
Tarang Jain: Yes. But to answer that question, yes, we are definitely exploring also the non-auto space when 
it comes to Electronics and Electricals. That's something we are already exploring. So, yes, we 
do want to get into the non-auto space also. 
Priya Ranjan: Okay. Great. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vinay Jain from Ka rma Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Vinay Jain: Hi. Thanks. Congratulations on a decent set of numbers. Heartening to see the net debt reduction 
trajectory and India business margins at above 11.5%. My question was on the R&D 
===== PAGE 17 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 18 
expenditure, which we have given for the second half of EBITDA level at around INR 26 crores, 
INR 27-odd crores. What would be the number for the first half? 
Mahendra Kumar: No, sorry, we didn't indicate anything for second half? Sorry... 
Vinay Jain: Sorry, second quarter, it's at around INR 26.8 crores. 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes. So, more or less, that kind of pattern will continue in the remaining 2 quarters also.  
Vinay Jain: So, this is a recurring number or you expect it to come down in the coming quarters? 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes. So, the point here is whatever we indicated here, you are talking about the slide where we 
showed the R&D expenses separately, right? 
Vinay Jain: Right, right. 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes. So, that's the recurring thing. That will continue in future also. 
Vinay Jain: But in future, right now, there is no revenue which is commensurate revenue, which is coming 
from this R&D, which you are expecting to come through in the future quarters? 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes, yes. That's what I was mentioning that there is more like investment for future growth, like 
how Dhruv explained, some of them are in advanced stages. So, this will basically pave way for 
that kind of a growth. 
Vinay Jain: On the Overseas business, again, when  we are saying that in the second half or second half of 
calendar year '26, you are expecting the orders to come through. So, can the Overseas business 
also maybe say not in FY '27, but in FY '28, do margins similar to what the India business is 
doing right now? 
Mahendra Kumar: It's difficult. We don't want to give a kind of prediction. But yes, I mean like we explained, there 
are significant order wins expected if all of them materialize and depending upon their SOP time 
lines also. That's the ambition. That's what we are targeting. 
Tarang Jain: That is the objective. But let us see how it pans out. 
Vinay Jain: Understood. And the tax benefit, which you mentioned of around INR 11-odd crores. So, that is 
again with the R&D recurring, the tax expense or the tax benefit also would be recurring in 
nature? Or was it a one-time thing? 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes, yes, correct. That will be recurring. So, that will be linked to the R&D spending we are 
doing overseas. So, that will be a continuing feature from now on. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 18 
Only thing, is in Q2, we recognized benefit for both Q1 and Q2. So, that way to that extent it 
may get mitigated. But yes, the benefit will continue in future. 
Vinay Jain: Understood, sir. Thank you so much, and all the best.  
Mahendra Kumar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you.  We take the next question from the line of Ronak Jain from Equirus Securities.  
Please proceed. 
Ronak Jain: Good evening, sir.  So, I have a few questions. So, firstly, on the Lighting segment. So, the 
domestic PV orders that you are earlier alluded to, so can you throw some more light like whether 
it is for front lamp or tail lamp and whether it is in the LED space? And also, I would like to get 
your insights on how you see the Lighting  segment going ahead , given the sharp competitive 
intensity in the Lighting space? 
Arjun Jain: So, it is a rare l amp. From a technology perspective, it is definitely advanced technology rare 
lamp. And from an LED versus bul b perspective, we only do LED now. We don't quote any 
bulb. So, it's LED. So, there's a fair few players in the market, right? So, this competitiveness is 
not something that is new. It is something that has been around. But I think really driven by our 
global engineering capability, especially when it comes to Lighting , and really I think some of 
the technology we are able to bring to the table, I think it definitely stands us in good stead. 
So, of course, the market is competitive, but I think we are quite clear and comfortable with what 
our strengths are. I think fortunately, our customers also appreciate that. 
Ronak Jain: Yes. So, I have a few clarification questions as well. So, for your new Lighting  plant from 
Thailand, so I wanted to understand like which geographies and segment is going to cater to? 
Dhruv Jain: Yes. So, the thought process for Thailand, of course, is to target the Southeast Asian geography, 
but not just that, but we also want to target customers in Europe and North America. We see 
Thailand is also an export -friendly country, low cost as well.  And so yes, the target would be 
customers globally, not just in Southeast Asia, but also in Europe and North America. 
Ronak Jain: Okay. Got it, sir. And just one more last question. So, on the order book side, so the order book, 
which you mentioned for H1, so are these new orders or replacement orders or a combination of 
both? 
Arjun Jain: No it is a combination, but it is the net new orders, right? So, even if there is a replacement, it is 
only the delta content increase that we report. So, it is net new... 
===== PAGE 19 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 18 
Tarang Jain: Net of replacement, yes. 
Ronak Jain: Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the Management for closing comments. 
Tarang Jain: Yes. So, thanks once again to all of you for joining the call and for your continuing support. So, 
we hope to see you again in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 