SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/MINDACORP-Concall_Feb_2026_Transcript.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
The Officer-In-Charge (Listing) 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: MINDACORP 
Head - Listing Operations, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 538962 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Subject: Transcription of Conference Call with Investors/Analysts held on February 05, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached herewith  transcription of Conference call wit h Investors/Analysts held on 
February 05, 2026. Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge. 
Kindly let us know if any other information is required in this regard. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Minda Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
Pardeep Mann 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A13371 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
   Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Minda Corporation Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 05, 2026 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges on February 05, 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
  
               
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AAKASH MINDA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 MR. AJAY AGARWAL – PRESIDENT, FINANCE & STRATEGY 
MR. NITESH JAIN – LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
  

===== PAGE 3 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Minda Corporation Limited Q3 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities India Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on a touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Munindra Upadhyay from Elara Securities 
India Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Munindra Upadhyay: Thank you, Rudra. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities, I would 
like to welcome you all to Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Minda 
Corporation Limited. Today, we have with us from the management team, Mr. 
Aakash Minda, Executive Director; Mr.  Ajay Agarwal, President  - Finance and 
Strategy; and Mr. Nitesh Jain, Lead Investor Relations. I would like to thank the 
management for giving us this opportunity. I'll now hand over the call to the 
management for their opening remarks, post which we will op en the floor for 
Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Aakash Minda: Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you, Elara Capital and Mr. Upadhyay for 
organizing this call. Welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY26 earnings conference call of 
Minda Corporation Limited. I hope you all are doing well. 
 It is our pleasure to connect with you today and present our performance for the 
quarter, along with some key developments across the businesses. India has 
recently secured significant trade deals with the U.K., European Union and the 
United States, marking a transformative step for the Indian market. These 
agreements promise to unlock greater market access and business opportunities, 
positioning India as a key player in the global trade arena, especially for the 
automotive and auto component industry. 
 The Union Budget 2026 revealed on Sunday has set a clear course for India's 
automotive future, shifting the focus from short-term buyer subsidies to the long-
term supply chain resilience and green energy integration with initiatives like 
Semiconductor 2.0, ECMS scheme, rare earth corridor establishment and focus for 
MSMEs also. For Q3 FY26. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 we witnessed strong performance across all major vehicle segments due to the key 
reasons such as GST reductions, festive season buying, new launches, improved  
financial availability, supported by favourable market conditions. Overall, the auto 
industry grew by 17% and entered the Q4 FY26 on a firm footing with stable 
macroeconomic conditions and policy-led affordability gain.  
Coming to the performance from Mind a Corporation for the Q3 FY26, the 
company has maintained its strong growth momentum, led by outperforming the 
automotive industry growth and achieved its highest ever quarterly revenue of INR 
1,560 crores, representing a robust growth of 25% on a year-on-year basis. 
 The performance was fueled by sustained demand across key vehicle segments, 
increased share of businesses and content per vehicle and strong traction in EV 
and premium product categories. During the quarter, the company's EBITDA 
stood at INR 184 crores, reflecting a margin of 11.8%. The reported profit after 
tax reached INR 84 crores with a PAT margin of 5.4%, supported by improved 
operational efficiencies and a favorable product mix. 
 I am also happy to share that our Board of Directors has recommended an interim 
dividend of 30% that is INR 0.60 per equity share.  
Our associate company, Flash Electronics, continued to deliver strong 
performance with revenue of over INR 488 crores with an EBITDA of INR 90 
crores, representing a margin of 18.4%. 
 This strategic partnership has significantly strengthened our presence in high -
growth domains such as EV power electronics, traction motors, motor controllers 
and other related products. The collaboration continues to deliver operational 
synergies and wil l play a pivotal role in achieving our growth road map. Our 
performance continues to be guided by the key pillars of growth, which we have 
shared earlier. 
 First, investment and growth in existing businesses; second, export market focus; 
third, premiumization of existing products; fourth, new product launches by way 
of partnerships and organic technology development through our technical centers. 
We are happy to share that the Board of Directors of the company has appointed 
Mr. Ajay Agarwal as Group Chief Financial Officer and key managerial personnel 
of the company in addition to his existing role of President, Finance and Strategy 
for the company effective 5th February 2026. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 We are also happy to let you know that the Board of Directors have approved an 
ESOP scheme 2025, marking an important milestone in rewarding our employees. 
Our ESOP scheme 2025 is forward-looking and aligns with our Vision 2030.This 
is, of course, subject to shareholders' approval.  
Looking ahead, we remain committed to executing ou r strategic priorities with 
continued focus on enhancing our system solutions offering, strengthening 
customer relationships and investing in new technologies and systems.  
 Our emphasis on operational excellence, strategic partnerships and innovation will 
play a critical role in driving the growth in FY26 and beyond. Our key focus 
remains on disciplined capital allocation, expanding our presence in high -growth 
segments and advancing our R&D capabilities that will drive long -term value 
creation for all our stakeholders and shareholders.  
 With that, I would like to invite Mr.  Ajay Agarwal, Group CFO, to take you 
through our detailed financial presentation and performance and key highlights for 
the quarter. Over to you. Thank you. 
Ajay Agarwal: Thank you, Aakash, and good afternoon to all of you. I hope you have the slides 
in front of you that was shared a while back. I'm on Slide number 2. Slide number 
2 gives you the overview of Minda Corporation and its scale of operations. As 
many of you know, the group's revenue in FY25 stood at INR 7,472 crores with 
the consolidated statutory revenue at INR 5,056 crores. 
 We have manufacturing footprint, which includes 32 plants and 18,000 employees 
all across the globe. Our strong performance is backed by strong focus on 
innovation, which we have close to about 320 patents filed out of which 147 
patents have already been g ranted. Moving to Slide number 3. This slide talks 
about the auto industry in India. As many of you would have already seen, the auto 
industry in Q3 grew at around 16.8% vis-a-vis last year. 
 And all across strong performance were witnessed, whether it is tractors, whether 
it is commercial vehicle, 3-wheeler, passenger vehicle and 2-wheeler. Of course, 
tractors, commercial vehicle and 3-wheeler led the chart. On a quarter-on-quarter 
basis, we saw a marginal dip. Of course, that is pretty much to do with the  post 
festive season normalization. We saw a very strong Q2. 
 That could be one of the reasons. But despite that, the growth is quite stupendous. 
Speaking about the Q3 key strategic developments in Minda. One, of course, we 
recorded the highest revenue of INR 1,560 crores, representing a growth of 25% 
===== PAGE 6 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
year-on-year. Our EBITDA margin stood at 11.8% in Q3 FY26, registering a 
growth of 30 bps year-on-year. 
 We have also registered a lifetime order book of INR 2,000 crores with multiple 
orders across product categories within the organization. We also secured multiple 
platform-specific instrument cluster orders across leading OEMs for our 
instrument cluster or display business. During the quarter, we also filed four new 
patents, taking the total patents filed thus far to 320 plus.  
On 9M performance, our revenue grew at 20% year-on-year, obviously backed by 
strong fiscal policy and strategic initiatives adopted and announced by the 
government. The 9M margin of EBITDA stood at 11.6%, representing a growth of 
26 bps. 
 Our lifetime order book for 9M period recorded at INR 7,000 crores and as we 
have already announced our partnership with Toyodenso it is also in good shape 
for our switch business across vehicle segments. In the 9M period, we had also 
filed 16 new patents, taking the total patents filed to 320.  
I'm on Slide number 5. From a revenue perspective from year -on-year, our 
revenues grew by 25% at INR 1,560 crores for a similar period our EBITDA grew 
by 28% to INR 184 crores and PAT for a similar per iod grew by 36% to INR 88 
crores. 
 Speaking of 9M period result, however, revenue grew by 20%, taking the topline 
to INR 4,482 crores and EBITDA for the similar stood at INR 518 crores 
registering a growth of 23% and PAT for a similar period grew to INR 238 crores 
representing a growth of 17%. As we all know in the month of December, the 
government announced a new labor law. Due to the change in the labor regulation, 
we had to account for INR 4 crores of exceptional items. 
 That has also been accounted for in these numbers. From the business vertical 
performance perspective, our mechatronics and aftermarket and other businesses 
grew by 17% from INR 608 crores to INR 710 crores and Information & 
Connected Systems business from an overall perspective during the quarter grew 
from INR 645 crores to INR 850 crores, representing a growth of 32%. 
 For a similar period on a 9M period, the revenue stood at INR 2,073 crores for 
mechatronics and aftermarket whereas Information & Connected business stood at 
INR 2,409 crores vis-a-vis INR 1,914 crores resent a growth of 26%. Moving to 
Slide number 7. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 This slide gives you a bit of a snippet in terms of our revenue breakup where from 
we have g ot INR 1,500 crores revenue, wiring harness contributed about 31%, 
vehicle active contributed 23%, cluster business contributed 18% and die casting 
business contributed 15%. From a geography perspective, as the company 
continues to be a heavily India-dependent company, India contributes about 89% 
and exports contributes about 11%. And out of that 5% comes from Southeast Asia 
business and Europe and North America contributes 6%. 
 From an end market standpoint, 45% revenue comes from 2 -wheeler and 3 -
wheeler, commercial vehicle contributes 29%, passenger vehicle contributes 15% 
and aftermarket contributes about 11%. I'll not speak much about our associate 
company Flash's performance because Aakash has already in detail covered. 
 They are in a strong and strategic growth path across their product lines, and they 
have also witnessed few large OEMs during the quarter. From a capex perspective, 
during the year, we have committed to spend close to about INR 400-odd crores. 
We have already spent about INR 276 crores for the 9M ended FY26, and we plan 
to spend another INR 100 crores in the coming quarter as well. 
 Slide number 13 gives you our consolidated income statement from FY21 till 
FY25. We are moving strongly in operationalizing most o f our capex, whether it 
is die casting plant in Pune, whether it is MIL plant in Pune as well as die casting 
plant in Greater Noida. Moving to Slide number 15. These are some of the products 
which are under launch. We have already detailed out in our Inves tor Day 
presentation as well, whether it is sunroof, PLG, whether it is switches for EV 
products.  
 So with this, back to the operator, we can start with the Q&A, please. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Our first question comes from the line of Raghunandha n 
N. L. from Nuvama Research. Please go ahead.  
Raghunandhan N. L.: Congrats, sir, for extremely strong numbers. Sir, my first question was on 
commercial vehicle space. It's an important segment for us, representing around 
30% of revenue. Can you indicate your thoughts about the outlook here? Do you 
think the demand conditions have significantly improved and you see an up cycle 
in this space going forward? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. Raghu, I think the commercial vehicles has done growth in the recent quarter 
as wel l as the first nine months. We expect the commercial vehicles also to 
continue growth in the next Q4 as well as in the first half of next year. The primary 
===== PAGE 8 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
reasons we believe is due to the regulation changes that have been there, plus the 
infrastructure upgradation that is happening all across India and last not the least, 
of course, the trade that has been booming within India as well as for exports. 
 So, India is, of course, on a growth with the GDP growing. We believe that these 
are the reasons where the commercial vehicle segment is expected to grow at least 
for the immediate future. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Noted, sir. Secondly, on the orders for switches and sunroof, a very large order of 
INR 1,000 crores for switches and sunroof INR 350 crores both are starting SOP 
or the manufacturing is starting for both in FY27. Firstly, when you say lifetime 
order for how many years does it represent? And would there be a ramp-up phase 
for this order that is, would it take two, three years to reach the peak? How does it 
work? 
Aakash Minda: Yes, Raghu, I think what you answered is also your own questions. So yes, the 
switches business is expected to start in Q2 FY28. So next year, the plant is already 
under construction. The partners are already here. And now the localization and 
the other things are going on. 
 So we expect one year from here and the production to start. And yes, the orders 
that you mentioned are lifetime. So they will take about two years to ramp up and 
then subsequently, it will move forward. Number two, when it comes to the  
sunroof, so that is also a lifetime business. It is expected to start SOP in Q1 which 
is next year and FY27. And the ramp-up is expected to happen over the next few 
quarters. So that is how we expect these businesses to ramp up. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: And would it be fair to assume that lifetime order would mean four years. 
Aakash Minda: Yes. Typically, it's four to five years, yes. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Understood, sir. And on the export side, how are you seeing the signs of 
improvement? Recently, there has been both talks of EU and U.S. agreements with 
India. So how do you see the future for FY27 and also your strong markets of Asia, 
if you can talk about all of them? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So for us, at least now we can see the exports coming back to normalcy in 
this quarter. You will acknowledge that over the last many quarters, about four to 
five quarters, the exports have been kind of subdued. But this quarter, we have 
seen coming back to normalcy where our exports to the Europe as well as to U.S. 
port are picking up, and it is across the divisions that we have. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 Now we welcome the trade agreements between U.K. and Europe as well as the 
tariff alignment that has happened between India and U.S. However, auto 
components is not clear yet, and we will get a clarity soon. But hopefully, it should 
be in the similar range and not much of a difference where we continue to engage 
with our customers. The order books that we have already won in the last quarters 
where we have shared before, they expect to come without any delay into start of 
production over the next few quarters. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: And lastly to Ajay, sir. Sir, if you can indicate other expenses have seen a 7% Q -
o-Q drop. Can you indicate the reason and whether this number is sustainable? 
Also, if you can talk about copper, there has been a big increase in copper price. Is 
there a lag for us in pass-through of that commodity impact to customers? 
Ajay Agarwal: See, all indexed costs are having a reciprocal arrangement from our vendors plus 
from our customers' perspective. There should be a lag of a quarter or so while we 
do the true-up with our vendor and pass those on to the OEM. That arrangement 
has been there with the organization for several years now and the practice is 
working quite well. 
 Yes, definitely, this year has been quite an aberration when it comes to commodity 
and not only for copper, it is equally applicable for aluminum and rest of the alloys 
as well because we are heavily dependent on aluminum, copper and rest of the 
index products too. Speaking about the other expenses, we have managed to reduce 
the other expenses. 
 And largely, those are three counts. One is savings in energy costs due to 
renewable and a few other things. Second, we have managed to carry out certain 
activities to job work as well. That has also led to a reduction of our other expenses. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: So fair to assume that you will be able to maintain the other expenses to revenue 
at this reduced level. 
Ajay Agarwal: Yes. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. 
Jyoti Singh: Yes. Sir, my first question is while the shift to Information & Connected System 
is driving top line growth, but consolidated EBITDA margin have remained 
stagnant around 11.5%. Can you  bridge the path to your target of 12.5%. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Specifically, how much of this margin expansion is dependent on the localization 
of high-tech electronics versus the pure operating leverage? 
Aakash Minda: So Ms. Jyoti, we have already shared before that, first of all, where we come from 
is about high single digit about a couple of years ago. And in the last 8 to 12 
quarters, we have come from about 10% to a sustainable and consistent delivery 
of 11.5%, which is what we had committed as well as shared with all our 
shareholders and all your colleagues. 
 Similarly, I think this is also one of the highest ever EBITDA that we have posted 
at with 25% growth in the revenue  and on the nine-month basis also, we have 
posted the highest ever EBITDA in terms of the value and percentage terms. 
 What is going to drive growth going forward is on multiple aspects. Our first 
continued focus on operational excellence. Number two is we are investing and 
going to be focused on localization and backward integration as well. There are 
multiple initiatives that are happening that I can't share on the call, which are 
strategic in nature on how we can improve that, whether it is related to the 
electronics or some of the subsidies that the government has offered us. 
 And we'll be investing in that, which will help us drive Minda Corporations 
growth, both from top line and bottom line. So, this is what I would like to share 
about how we have come across and where we are looking at growing from the 
EBITDA perspective. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. Got it, sir. So sir, you have announced around INR 2,000 crores capex plan 
to triple revenue by 2030. So how will this massive investment translate into a 15% 
plus ROCE?  And at what stage do we expect to see the peak of this capital 
intensity? 
Ajay Agarwal: See, every year, we spend, give or take, INR 300 crores to INR 400 crores. So, if 
you are looking at up to FY 2030, by design, we will land up spending around INR 
1,500 crores and given our other strategic priority, whether it is premiumizat ion, 
whether it's investment in new businesses, acquiring new clients, focusing on 
exports, launching new products, all those will also accelerate our capex from INR 
1,500 crores to INR 2,000-odd crores. 
 From a return on capital employed perspective, if you do an apple -to-apple 
comparison, we are already doing a margin of about 22% because why the 
functional numbers you are able to arrive at is due to the fact that interest is levied 
in Minda Corporation, whereas the revenue or th e profit of Flash is not 
===== PAGE 11 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
consolidated. But if you do the apple -to-apple comparison, we do close to about 
22% ROCE. 
 And I think what we have promised the market to deliver by 2030 is improvement 
from 22% to 25%. And given our disciplined capital allocation and making sure 
that whatever investment we do, particularly from connected business, high 
revenue business and high-margin business, we are confident that we will be able 
to increase our ROCE from current 22% to 25%. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. And sir, what is our current gross debt as of December 31, both long term 
and short term? And have we repaid any during this period? And what are the 
repayment plan going forward? 
Ajay Agarwal: So our gross debt is about INR 1,100-odd crores and we have paid about INR 70-
odd crores debt during the first nine-month period. I don't have the quarter -wise 
detail, but during the nine-month period, we paid about INR 70-odd crores. And 
as you know, promoter has infused around INR 104 crores through share warrant 
that amount was largely used towards the repayment of debt. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. During FY26 or further? 
Ajay Agarwal: During FY26. 
Moderator: Our next qu estion comes from the line of S ridhar Kalani from Antique Stock  
Broking. 
Sridhar Kalani: My question is with regards to Flash Electronics where Mr. Sanjeev had mentioned 
a few months back on Minda Corporation's Investor Day that they were in very 
advanced stage with respect to the non -ferrorite synchronous motor. Just wanted 
to understand what is the status on th at product? Are we ready for mass 
production? Or do we have any commercial order from any of the OEMs? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So that motor is early design, developed by our technical center or Flash 
technical center in Poland. Yes, it takes a lot of time on the field trials as well. But 
yes, we have showcased this product to our couple of customers as well, and we 
are working with them closely. But yes, no order has been booked so far. But our 
large customers are moving forward for further evaluation, and then  we can 
hopefully be able to conclude something in the next couple of months. 
Sridhar Kalani: So is it fair to understand that the OEMs are currently testing the product 
rigorously? Is that the current status? 
===== PAGE 12 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Aakash Minda: That's right, yes. We are also testing, yes. And then we have some customers as 
well and on the field. 
Sridhar Kalani: So generally, sir, how much timeline does it take for the OEMs to test and validate 
the product and then for that product to come under our SOP? 
Aakash Minda: So technically, in the automotive industry, whether it's a new product, you can say 
once the product is ready to offer to the customer, then depending on the product 
and in this case, you can say at least about six to eight months' time because the 
entire architecture and the vehicle performance is based on the motor. So yes, with 
the technically proven solution and all the simulations and the validation that have 
done the lab, it could take somewhere about six to nine months from after award 
to come into the mass production from the first sample to come into the order and 
then so on so forth. 
Sridhar Kalani: Got it. And this is a proprietary product, which is under the label of Flash 
Electronics. Is the understanding correct, sir? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Shubham Batra from AMBIT AMC. 
Shubham Batra: Sure. My first question was Flash margins have been doing really well. What is 
the sustainable level of margin to assume going ahead? Secondly, what is the 
capacity utilization across business segments for us currently? 
Aakash Minda: So the margins are again going to be in the same level that we have shown in the 
last two or three quarters, which is somewhere about 16% to 17%. And we expect 
this to be, of course, sustainable and consistently going forward. Of course, many 
of this or a lot of this will also depend on the export orders, which is also good for 
this quarter as well for Flash Electronics.  
Aakash Minda: On the second capacity utilization, their capacity utilization is quite high. But the 
facility where they can add on new machines and create capacity. So that's not a 
concern in terms of space. When it comes to the other EV motor and the other ICE 
products related, so they have capacity to the tune of, let's say, about 20%. 
 And plus for the electric vehicle motors and the motor controllers and integrated 
drive unit, there the plant that they had inaugurated about a year ago is already full, 
and we have now started investing in the new plant, which will be ready in about 
three to four months' time. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Shubham Batra: Sir, I also wanted capacity utilization on our Minda business, the die casting. 
Aakash Minda: I see. Yes, Minda Corporation overall capacity at the group level is you can say 
somewhere about 84% to 85%. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Devesh Kayal from Monarch AIF. 
Devesh Kayal: Sir can you share R&D spends in other expenses? What was the amount of R&D 
spend in other expenses? 
Aakash Minda: So R&D expenses were somewhere about 4% of our top line, which is including 
opex and capex. 
Ajay Agarwal: It is not included in other expenses because obviously, the whole expenditure can 
be bifurcated into opex, other personnel expenses, people related expenses. So 
people related expenses will feature in employee costs and other expenses will 
according get clubbed across each of those separate things. For by and large, as I 
mentioned, we spend about 4% of our revenue in R&D. 
Devesh Kayal: Understood. And for the nine months, also it would be around 4%? 
Ajay Agarwal: Yes, yes, close to 4%. 
Devesh Kayal: And sir, if I see the other segment, so if I exclude the aftermarket revenue from 
that other segment, so the remaining basically the EV products and all, so that 
seems like a very low number for this quarter. So is that understanding right? 
Ajay Agarwal: Yes. Again, this includes firstly, our multiple products, which is the small starter 
motor division, the EV product lines, then the interior plastics division, there are 
other products which are under start -up phase. So yes, there are products which 
are getting into SOP. There are products which have recently got into SOP. So the 
ramp-up does happen. 
 But overall, the quarter product mix is depending on the larger vertical sector. 
Devesh Kayal: And that segment includes aftermarket revenues also in the others? 
Ajay Agarwal: Yes. Yes. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay from Nuvama. 
Vijay: A couple of questions I have. First is on Flash Electronics. So there is a very good 
margin expansion on the Flash Electronics over the last six to nine months. I just 
===== PAGE 14 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
wanted to understand what is driving this margin expansion? How much is coming 
from the synergies and what else are the main factors for that? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So as you know, Flash Electronics houses multiple products, which is EV as 
well as on the ICE-related powertrain product line. And the third vertical is on the 
gear business. So there are three primary product lines. Of course, margin 
expansion is coming from the EV product portfolio as well as on the gear 
businesses, which are exports. 
 These are the reasons, again, a favorable product mix on how the expansion of the 
margin is happening. But yes, growth is coming across all three product lines and 
across domestic as well as exports. 
Vijay: And do we expect to maintain this 18% EBITDA margin going forward for Flash 
Electronics? 
Aakash Minda: So I just shared before, it's a sustainable number could be again about 16% to 17% 
here and there. But of course, our interest is how we can expand them further, 
which is our efforts that we are putting in place. 
Vijay: Secondly, sir, just on the rare earth magnet issue, that is behind us, right? Or we 
are still seeing some impact from there? 
Aakash Minda: That is behind us. The overall industry, I think, has figured out multiple ways, so 
have we. And plus now with the new budget and the overall magnet corridor that 
is being created, a lot of efforts have been done and a lot of opportunities open up 
for the industry as a whole. 
 And secondly, technically on technology-wise also, we have created motors which 
are magnetless and rare earth free and for this freight magnet also, which are not 
coming from China or from other countries as well. So yes, technology-wise also, 
we have developed products across segments, which can cater to these products 
also. 
Vijay: Sir, looking forward into the fourth quarter and FY27, are you seeing any raw 
material headwinds? And how do you plan to tackle that especially on the copper, 
aluminum and other metal side. 
Aakash Minda: I was reading some of the financial statements of some of th e large resource 
companies in India. Many have hedged their position and many have not hedged. 
And you would have already seen some companies that hedged silver at some $39 
===== PAGE 15 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
in Q2. If those companies are not able to predict how the commodity cycle will 
behave, it's very, very difficult. But thankfully, whether it is Flash, whether it is 
Minda Corporation, all our group companies are following a very strategic 
approach, which is passing on the cost. 
 We don't enjoy the upside, neither we lose our thing becaus e of the price going 
down. So therefore, we are properly hedged, and we are not in the business of 
making money out of commodity uptrend or downgrade. We are here to really 
excellent manufacturing capability and deliver quality services to our clients. 
Vijay: There is no time lag between the raw material price increase and pass on to the 
customer or is there a delay? 
Aakash Minda: I think, I just answered the question to the previous question. We typically do this 
indexed cost pass on Q-o-Q. So we do true up every quarter. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. 
Dhananjay Mishra: Congratulations on the strong numbers. Sir, we have mentioned about kit value in 
2-wheeler segment, including Flash Electronics. So likewise, what could be the 
expected kit value for the 4-wheeler and EV segment once all our products go on 
the same? 
Aakash Minda: So that's a good question, but it depends. If I look at a complete kit value with 
Flash Electronics and what we can offer only from the engine side, it is primarily 
on the power electronics front. And now we are working for the 4-wheeler motor 
that we have developed. So you can typically put somewhere about INR 50,000 to 
INR 60,000. However, if I club products and make it a system solution into 6-in-1 
or 7-in-1, that could even go up to INR 90,000 or INR 1 lakh. 
 So it really depends as a complete kit value, but customers may select to take all 
as a combination, they may select to take one component out of this, they may 
select integration. So a lot of possibilities are there when it comes to this product 
offering in the 4-wheeler space. 
Dhananjay Mishra: Okay. And you mentioned for the new orders which is into Smart TV segment, 
that will start in Q2 FY28, right? 
Aakash Minda: A part of it will start in Q2 of next fiscal year and will start in Q2 of FY27. 
Dhananjay Mishra: Okay. Again it is mentioned the facility will be completed by Q4 FY27, right? 
===== PAGE 16 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Aakash Minda: Switch is already under commissioning. The plant is already expected to be ready 
by Q4 FY27, which is about one year from here. And the SOP is expected to start 
in Q1 or Q2 in FY28. And then the ramp-up further will happen in, let's say, about 
a year from there. 
Dhananjay Mishra: And once we start getting other orders from other OEMs in the sunroof segment, 
what could be the potential annual contribution from this segment, let's say, in 
FY28, FY29? 
Aakash Minda: That's a very broad question. But as you know, the sunroof market in India is 
expanding and growing very fast. Now of course, there are a couple of companies 
as well who are working at this segment, but sunroof is expected to penetrate faster. 
There are also various technologies that are coming in. So our target is how we can 
go to at least 10% to 15% of market share by FY 2030 or FY2031. That is our 
intention at first. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Munindra Upadhyay from Elara 
Securities India Private Limited. 
Munindra Upadhyay: Actually, I have a couple of questions on a bit long -term trend first. So on the 
ADAS and sensors business, what kind of demand outlook or localization potential 
do you see for the, say, next three to four years down the line? And what are our 
plans to like capitalize on that product? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So I think the safety is, I think, very important globally and more importantly 
in India. It is also personally very close to my heart on how we can contribute as 
an organization to this. Coming about to the ADAS systems in the new 4-wheelers 
that are coming in, there are very much equipped until L1 level of ADAS systems 
coming from the Indian or even global OEMs. Number two is these systems are 
currently provided by the large global Tier 1s as it is a system solution offering. 
 Our focus here across the ADAS as a product is to enter from the component side 
and not the system when it comes to the passenger vehicle or others. So that's 
number one focus. Number two, when it comes to the other segments such as 2 -
wheelers and all, we have already developed products which are already getting 
tested at customer end, wh ich is a complete system solution offering for fr ont 
collision, rare blind spot. 
 So these are some of the systems that we have already developed for this market. 
And then looking at the connected components from the ADAS, this is where we 
would like to work, and we're looking for a couple of opportunities in that respect. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
       Minda Corporation Limited 
 February 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
So ADAS is something that we are going to be taking going forward from the 
component side primarily. 
Munindra Upadhyay: Okay. That was helpful, sir. And my second question was on the export front. So 
how do we see the demand like panning out? Is the situation improving there? Or 
like any comment on the recent FTAs, like do we expect to pick up in demand due 
to this? Any commentary or outlook would be good on this, sir? 
Aakash Minda: Yes. So Mr. Upadhyay, the first time in, I think, six to eight quarters, particularly 
from Minda Corporation, the export orders have come to normalcy. And thanks to 
the clarity that is bought by various EU agreements as well as the tariff clarity, etc. 
However, going in the Q4 and the next year, we expect our new SOPs to come , 
new orders coming to start of production as well as the existing business ramp-up 
to happen. 
 So it is expected to grow. I cannot really comment how much and how fast, but it 
is just the first quarter and too early to comment. So we'll have to see on a Q-o-Q 
basis, at least for the next two quarters. 
Ajay Agarwal: And in addition to what Aakash just said, our long-term vision remains quite strong 
for exports. We expect to take our expo rt business from current about INR 500-
odd crores to INR 1,500 crores by 2030. That vision remains static. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the managem ent for closing 
comments. 
Aakash Minda: So thank you very much. And I would like to really thank Elara for organizing this 
call and thank everyone for joining the call. We remain highly confident in our 
growth trajectory, both in the near term and long ter m, driven by strategic 
investments and unwavering commitments to advancing our products and 
technologies. We are committed to creating value for all our stakeholders and 
shareholders. 
 We are investing deeply in our capabilities in terms of people, capacit ies, 
capabilities, technologies and competencies across fields. I hope we have been able 
to respond to most of the queries. For further information, we request you, please 
do get in touch with our IR team. Thank you, and have a great day. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities India Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 