SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/VARROC-Concall_Feb_2026_Transcript.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
VARROC/SE/INT/2025-26/156     February 10, 2026 
 
To, 
  The Manager- Listing 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051 
NSE Symbol: VARROC 
  The Manager – Listing 
The Corporate Relation Department, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400001. 
BSE Security Code: 541578  
[Debt: 975062] 
 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of Investor / Conference Call pertaining to Un-audited Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended on December 
31, 2025. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Please find Transcript of Investors / Conference Call held on February 5, 2026, in respect of 
the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended on 
December 31, 2025. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Varroc Engineering Limited                        
 
 
 
 
__________________________ 
Anil Ghatiya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Varroc Engineering Limited Q3 FY-26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 5, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TARANG JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
MR. ARJUN JAIN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BUSINESS UNIT 1 
MR. DHRUV JAIN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BUSINESS UNIT 2 
MR. MAHENDRA KUMAR – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. BIKASH DUGAR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
AND FINANCE CONTROLLER, BUSINESS UNIT 2 
MR. VISHAL RAWAL – HEAD, FINANCIAL 
CONTROLLER, BUSINESS UNIT 1 
MODERATOR: MR. MIHIR VORA – EQUIRUS SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Varroc Engineering Limited Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Equirus Securities Private Limited. 
As a reminder , all participant s’ lines will be in the listen -only mode  and t here will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mihir 
Vora from Equirus Securities Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mihir Vora: Yes. Thank you, Palak. So good evening, everyone. We are pleased to invite you to the Q3 FY 
'26 Post Results Conference Call of Varroc Engineering Limited. 
The Management team will be represented by Mr. Tarang Jain  – Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Arjun Jain – Whole-Time Director and CEO, Business Unit 1; Mr. Dhruv Jain  – 
Whole-Time Director and CEO, Business Unit 2; Mr. Mahendra Kumar  – Group CFO; Mr. 
Bikash Dugar – Head (IR) and Finance Controller, Business Unit 2; and Mr. Vishal Rawal  – 
Head (Financial Controller), Business Unit 1. 
Without further ado, I will now hand over the call to Bikash for the disclaimer. Bikash, over to 
you. 
Bikash Dugar: Thank you, Mihir. Thank you Equirus team for hosting the call. Just a small disclaimer before I 
request our Chairman to give his opening remarks. So the disclaimer is that the call today may 
include statements which may constitute forward-looking statements. All statements that address 
expectations or projections about the future, including, but not limited to, statements about the 
strategy for growth, business development, market position, expenditure and financial results 
are forward-looking statements. 
Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events 
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. The actual results, 
performance or achievement could differ materially from those projected in such forward -
looking statements. So with that disclaimer, I am handing over the call to our Chairman. 
Tarang Jain: Yes. Thank you, Bikash, and good evening to everyone. I am Tarang Jain here. 
So let me start by stating that India has delivered a robust 8.2% GDP growth in July to September 
'25 period, the highest in 6 quarters, driven by strong performance in manufacturing, services 
and construction, despite global uncertainties and tariff-related pressures. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 3 of 19 
The GST cut introduced during the festival season gave a significant boost to consumption and 
enabled strong growth for the manufacturing sector also. The inflation in India continues to 
moderate, which augurs well for the growth as the Central Bank can fu rther support growth by 
easing the monetary policy. 
The recent retail agreement with the European Union and reductions in reciprocal tariffs with 
the U.S. shows that the world is recognizing the importance of India, both as a market and as a 
reliable supply chain partner also. The Automotive industry is also preparing to deal with these 
uncertainties and geopolitical challenges.  
In these uncertain times, it becomes very important for the company to find ways to manage this 
uncertainty and grow simultaneously during this period. As evident from the recent stock 
exchange disclosures we made recently about our VRS program , and some of the large order 
wins from reputed global OEMs, our company is taking some tough decisions to make the cost 
structure more robust and also focusing on winning large businesses in India and abroad for its 
future growth. 
Coming to the performance in this quarter, let's first understand the industry performance in 
India: 
In terms of automotive production in India, during Q3 of FY '26, all segments of the automotive 
showed strong growth on a year-on-year basis, supported by a strong economic growth and GST 
reduction. 
On a year -on-year basis, 2 -wheelers grew by 15%, 3 -wheelers grew by 34.7%, passenger 
vehicles grew by 19.1%, and commercial vehicles grew by 17.5%. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
2-wheelers de-grew by 1.7%, 3 -wheelers de-grew by 4.6%, passenger vehicles grew by 5.4% 
and only commercial vehicles grew by 9.7%. 
Sequentially, that is quarter-on-quarter, the growth was not as strong as a year -on-year due to 
seasonality effect and generally, Quarter 3 is sluggish in comparison to quarter 2 due to the model 
year change. 
In the first 9 months of Financial Year ‘26 also, we saw a similar positive trend across all the 
segments. On a year-on-year basis, 9 months of Financial Year ‘26, 2-wheelers grew by 8.8%, 
3-wheelers grew by 21.1%, passenger vehicles grew by 9.8% and commercial vehicles grew by 
10.4%. 
Coming to the operational performance during Q3 FY '26: 
The company registered a consolidated revenue of INR 22.9 billion with a growth of 10.2% 
year-on-year with the India operation growing at 12.3%. Our EBITDA for the quarter was around 
===== PAGE 5 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 4 of 19 
9.3% as compared to 9.2% on a year -on-year basis. Our PBT before JV profits was 4.4% of 
revenue in Quarter 3  of FY '26 as against 3.2% in Quarter 3  of FY '25. The revenue from 
supplying to EV vehicles in this quarter was at 14.3% of the revenues and which grew by 50% 
on a year-on-year basis. 
We had some exceptional items in this quarter. The first one is the launch of a voluntary 
separation scheme in which more than 400 employees opted for the benefits of the scheme, and 
this resulted in a separation cost of INR 799 million. 
We continue to explore such restructuring operations in the near future, which will make the 
company more and more robust in the medium term and the long term. The second exceptional 
item pertains to change in the definition of the wage as per the new labo ur code as a result of 
which we had to recognize an estimated incremental expense of INR 225 million towards 
reassessment of gratuity and leave encashment costs. 
However, I would like to bring your attention to the point that the India EBITDA and PBT were 
strong at 11.9% and 7.6%, respectively, and grew both on a year -on-year basis as well as 
sequentially. 
I explained earlier, the Overseas Electronics, Lighting and the Forging business continues to face 
challenges due to customer concentration and the macro environment. However, we are winning 
significant orders for the Overseas Electronics and Lighting businesses already, and a turnaround 
is expected to be visible from half 2 of Financial Year ‘27. 
The net debt of the company in the 9 months of Financial Year ‘26 is INR 4,405 million. This 
has increased for the first time after many quarters to the one -time cash outflow pertaining to 
our VSS. The net debt to equity is very comfortable at 0.26. With significant growth -enabling 
investments planned in the coming quarters , on back of strong order wins, the net debt and 
interest costs will only see modest improvement in the coming quarters. 
In 9 months of Financial Year ‘26, we achieved net new business wins with annualized peak 
revenues of INR 20,636 million. Notable business wins among these in the last quarter are, the 
High-V oltage Electronics business for a range of high -performance e-powertrain components 
for a Romanian plant from a global EV player, the 4 -Wheeler Lighting, Headlamps and Small 
lamps business for our Thailand plant from a global EV player and the 4 -Wheeler Lighting 
business for our Indian operations , from an incumbent OEM for its upcoming EV vehicle. All 
these business wins helps us to fill the existing capacity and sweat our assets even more. In this 
quarter, we also had some business wins from the Nonautomotive segment. 
As emphasized earlier, in this volatile new normal environment, we continue to strengthen our 
company for a long -term growth and performance by taking appropriate decisions and 
meticulously executing them. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 5 of 19 
With this, I will now ask MK – our Group CFO, to walk you through the presentation and give 
more insights into the financial performance in Q3. We have uploaded the investor presentation 
to the stock exchanges as well as on the website. Thank you. 
Mahendra Kumar: Thank you, Tarang. Good evening, everybody. 
So I will take you to Slide #7, which is about the highlights of Q3: 
As our CMD explained, the revenue was INR 2,288 crores with a 10.2% growth. Within that, 
India operations registered a significant growth of 12.3% year -over-year. The interesting point 
here is within this, the EV models, the revenue from EV models in Q3 wa s at 14.3%. As some 
of you may recollect, it was in the range of 10% to 11% earlier. So this actually amounts to a 
growth of 53% year-over-year within Q3. And if you take 9 months together, revenue from EV 
models was at 12.1%, and there was a growth of 38% year-over-year.  
Coming to PBT: 
It was at 4.4% compared to 3.2% last year in the same period of Q3. EBITDA was 9.3% versus 
9.2%. Another significant highlight is the highest ever new order wins in these 9 months, which 
has the annual peak revenue potential of more than INR 2,000 crores, which is the highest ever 
order win for us. 
And another important point here is 74% of this relates to EV motors. Net debt increased this 
quarter to INR 441 crores. As you may recollect, in the last 3 years, we have been steadily 
reducing the net debt quarter-on-quarter. But this time, because of the VRS spending of close to 
INR 80 crores, there was an increase in net debt. But this particular initiative, as our CMD 
explained, is going to strengthen our cost structure further, and this will give us a payback within 
4 years. 
Coming to patents: 
In the 9 months, we filed close to 15 patents, taking the tally to 130 plus. Within the order wins, 
we also have these 3 significant order wins, which we also announced to stock exchanges earlier. 
There was an HV high-voltage PCBA order, which is going to be met by our Romanian entity 
for a global EV OEM. We also have order wins in 4-wheeler lighting. One is from a global EV 
OEM, which will be met from our Thailand entity, and another one is in India. 
The next slide is about the industry trends. Our CMD already explained these numbers in detail. 
So, there was a significant growth in Q3, largely helped by the GST reduction, which we had in 
Q2. So that also help the industry across different segments to register a significant growth. 
Moving to the next slide, which is about the consolidated financials of Q3: 
===== PAGE 7 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 6 of 19 
So, as I mentioned, 9.3% was the EBITDA. And in terms of PBT, you really see it's about INR 
101 crores compared to INR 66 crores of last year, which is more than 50% growth. So PBT 
went up by almost 53% to be precise. 
The exceptional items had two parts. One is the new labour code impact, which most of the 
companies are picking up this quarter. So that was about close to INR 23 crores. We also had 
VRS impact of INR 80 crores, as I explained in the previous slides. So si gnificant PBT growth 
was also enabled by the interest cost reduction over a period of time and also strict capital 
controls, which enabled us to control the depreciation charge also. 
And coming to the 9 -month numbers in the next slide, close to 8% growth in the top line, 
EBITDA at 9.3% and PBT at 4.2%. Here again, about more than 33% growth was there in the 
PBT in absolute terms. 
The next slide, we are continuing this trend which we started last time of showing the split 
between India business and Overseas businesses. As you can see, the India business growth was 
pretty strong, top line growth of 12%, but EBITDA growth was 30% and PBT growth was more 
than 80%. 
The Overseas businesses, of course, they have the challenges, but we explained it in the previous 
meetings also. So this will now be a temporary phenomenon with the strong order wins which 
we got in the recent times. This picture should look significantly diffe rent next year and the 
following years. And the third box denotes the investment or the spending which we are doing 
on the R&D activities. 
Next slide, we have the net debt trend. As I mentioned, we have been reducing net debt 
significantly in the last many quarters. This time, we see this as a temporary phenomenon. But 
before end of the year also, we may not see a significant change in the net debt level. It will more 
or less continue at this rate, because we are also planning for some land purchase in Q4. Part of 
that may come this year and part of may come to spill over to next year. But our effort will be to 
move to a zero-debt status by end of next year. 
Next slide, we have the revenue breakdown, more or less similar to what we have been showing 
earlier. The 2- and 3-wheelers now add up to 76%. And customer segmentation, if you really see 
Bajaj adds up to 46%. And within India, 89% versus 11% outside. 
On your next slide, we have given the details about the order wins. As you can see, the annual 
peak revenue potential of new orders, which we have taken in the last 9 months adds up to more 
than INR 2,000 crores. And of this, nearly about INR 982 crores will move to SOP this year.  
===== PAGE 8 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 7 of 19 
In terms of the split, if you really see the 2 -wheeler and 3-wheeler, that's about 34%. So here is 
the other way, 4-wheelers and others add up to more than 6 0%. And EV orders also add up to 
75%, which actually indicates the strength of our EV product portfolio. 
So let me stop here. The subsequent slides are more about the product information and other 
generic details. Thank you. 
We are happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Preet from InCred AMC. Please go ahead. 
Preet: Thank you for the opportunity. My first question would be in line of the revenue growth of the 
India business. It was around 12%. We have seen that industry -wise revenue growth was 
somewhat in the range of 15% to 20%. So what led to the underperformance in respect to 
industry? 
Arjun Jain: Yes. So I would say there's a couple of different topics. I think if you think about our portfolio 
from the perspective of ICE and EV , yes, I think on ICE, I think driven by customer mix, driven 
also by some significant models undergoing changeovers, we ha d a muted impact on growth 
over there. However, if you look at our EV performance, we have grown by almost 53%. So yes, 
I would say it's a combination of weaker performance on ICE versus EV for us. And also, I 
would say, driven really by mix and model changeovers. 
Preet: Thank you, sir. That was helpful. And second question on the line of the new order win which 
we have got, when do we expect our Overseas business to be breakeven? 
Mahendra Kumar: I think in some of the markets like electronics in Romania, we may reach cash breakeven by 
next year, full PBT level breakeven may happen in the following year. 
Preet: Thank you, sir. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir.  The next question is from the line of Ankur Poddar from Svan Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankur Poddar: Sir, my first question is regarding the VSS cost, which you have taken of INR 80 crores one -
time expense in this quarter. And in the presentation, it's mentioned that the payback period for 
this is 4 years. So is it safe to assume that this leads to an annual saving of around INR 20 crores 
in the employee cost for you? 
Tarang Jain: Yes, yes, that's right. It could be a little more than that. But yes, that's a safe number to go with. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 8 of 19 
Ankur Poddar: All right. Thank you. And my next question is about our gross margin, which have declined 
during this quarter. So is it due to increase in RM prices? And if so, will we be able to pass them 
on with a lag? Or what's the lag with which we can pass it on? 
Arjun Jain: So yes, I would say on the raw material, there's definitely a level of topic with respect to certain 
commodities and also FOREX, but those are largely passed through, and I would say majority 
is also passed through. Yes. It's largely driven by these product mix as well as market mix. 
Ankur Poddar: All right. Understood. And my last question is about our debt levels. So our net debt has 
increased, which you have explained. So can you give me the gross debt level currently at the 
end of December 2025? And also what do we see as our total interest expense for the entire year, 
which for 9 months is close to INR 100 crores. And where do we see this going in FY '27? 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes. So gross debt, you can add another INR 300 crores to it, which is what we keep in cash. So 
about INR 750 crores was the gross debt. In terms of the interest cost, yes, like what I mentioned, 
there won't be a significant reduction between now and end of the year. It will more or less be in 
this range. So based on this, you can compute for the rest of the period. 
Next year, by next year -end, we should come close to the zero -debt level. So it should be a 
gradual reduction, maybe largely happening more towards, more between Q2 to Q4 because the 
Q1 also, part of the consideration for land purchase and all may go during Q1 of next year. So 
we will again start seeing some good reduction in net debt starting from Q2 of next year to Q4. 
Ankur Poddar: All right. Understood. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Ronak Jain from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ronak Jain: Yes. Thank you so much for giving me this opportunity.  So my first question is, so the growth 
was very strong in the e-mobility and HMI division. So what has driven this growth? And how 
much of this growth was due to non -Bajaj customers? Like how is the traction with non -Bajaj 
customers currently, sir? 
Arjun  Jain: So I would say one big driver for the growth, in particular, in e-mobility is the fact that the crisis 
around rare earth magnets has been solved for. So there's definitely a level of backlog also that 
was covered up through this quarter. So that has been o ne big driver of growth for e -mobility. 
Further, from the standpoint of Bajaj versus non-Bajaj customers, there is growth in both, right? 
There is growth in both of these segments. 
Ronak Jain: Okay. So during the quarter also, both non-Bajaj customers and Bajaj customers contributed to 
the growth. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 9 of 19 
Arjun Jain: Sorry, I have a clarification. Do you mean the E-Mobility segment we report? Or are you talking 
about sales into EV models? 
Ronak Jain: E-Mobility segment that you report? 
Arjun Jain: So E-Mobility segment is driven today purely by Bajaj. 
Ronak Jain: Okay. That is purely Bajaj. So are you getting any traction from non-Bajaj customers? Like are 
you in discussions with non-Bajaj customers? 
Arjun Jain: Yes. So we have business wins, one of which we should be SOP -ing sometime soon. We also 
have further formal engagements with other customers as well. And I think our strength really 
is the ability to ramp from business win to SOP very quickly. So we feel c onfident that we will 
see through FY '27 further customer additions and revenue. 
Ronak Jain: Okay. Got it. So my second question was, so  Lighting was a drag during the quarter. So was it 
mainly due to the overseas subsidiaries like Overseas business? 
Arjun Jain: Yes. 
Ronak Jain: Okay. And any colour on the new orders like both in the Domestic and Export segment on the  
Lighting side, new orders? 
Arjun Jain: Yes. So I think as you will have seen in our presentation also, I think 2 of our biggest business 
wins are actually in the Lighting space, one in India, one abroad. I would say our order pipeline 
on Lighting is extremely healthy. Passenger car lighting, 2 -wheeler lighting, both is extremely 
healthy. And from an India perspective, Lighting has grown fairly strongly for us. 
Ronak Jain: Okay. So you mentioned in the PPT that one of the orders for  Lighting is from the Thailand 
facility. So like by when do you expect the Thailand capacity to ramp up to optimal levels? 
Dhruv Jain: So I would say that definitely in 2027, so I will say in 2027 is when the revenue will increase 
for this location. 
Ronak Jain: From 2027. 
Dhruv Jain: Yes. 
Ronak Jain: Okay. Thank you so much. So that's it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec.  Please go 
ahead. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 10 of 19 
Aditya Jhawar: Thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on good set of numbers and good order wins, especially 
in the Overseas business. My first question is the VRS, the quantum seems to be relatively bigger 
in terms of the number of employees, almost about 5% of our workforce. Do you expect any 
impact on revenue in the near term? And these employees were part of which business division, 
if you can throw some light? 
Arjun Jain: So the VRS is already fully executed now. So we have been living in the new reality for 
approximately 1.5 months , and we have not seen any impact. And of course, touch wood, we 
have been able to transition the workforce quite effectively. 
Secondly, I would say 95% of the headcount here really comes from our ICE powertrain product 
group. 
Tarang Jain: let me add, Aditya, that we are not doing this from a point of view of any business going down. 
Nowhere has our business gone down. It is just that it's an initiative from our side to make better 
our cost structure going forward, because a lot of these plants are our older plants. And we just 
wanted to mitigate the cost impact moving forward. 
And we have never done a VSS before in this company. So it was for us the first time , while a 
lot of the other companies have done it over the years. So we felt it was probably the right time 
to take a call in this regard. 
Aditya Jhawar: Yes. Okay. That's quite helpful. Now second question is in the Overseas business, when you look 
at it, of course, a lower base will kick in, hopefully, in the next couple of quarters, and you will 
start seeing some of the new orders from Romania will also start coming on stream in '27. If you 
can split the business, Overseas overall business into the premium 2-wheeler lighting, IMES and 
the Romania part? 
And if you can help us understand, so Romania, clearly, as Dhruv also mentioned that second 
half of next year, you will see start that business flowing into numbers. But the current business 
that we have, whether it is premium 2 -wheeler lighting, IMES, where are we in terms of the 
base? Are we seeing the hurdles? For example, one of the customer had started doing in -
sourcing. The customer was also losing market share. So what is the way ahead of the other 
Overseas business other than the Romania business? 
Dhruv Jain: Yes. So I will just comment on the different overseas locations. So when it comes to premium 
2-wheel lighting, I think here you are referring to maybe the Vietnam and the Italy locations. 
And of course, there was a degrowth here as well. And however, there's actually an upcoming 
launch of certain programs. So we are expecting actually a revenue growth in the coming fiscal 
year, compared to the current fiscal year. And I think what we have also mentioned earlier is 
more with respect to our Romanian plant for Electronics and the Thailand plant for Lighting. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 11 of 19 
So while there are new business wins that are coming into production in each of these locations, 
of course, the bigger growth is going to be with respect to Romania and Thailand , compared 
with the Vietnam and Italy locations. 
And I am not referring to IMES here. I am only referring to the other locations. 
Tarang Jain: On this, and also this 2 -wheeler lighting, where the 2 -Wheeler Lighting , Premium Lighting 
business, we have seen a degrowth last 3 years, I would say. But now we are looking at doubling 
the growth in the next 4 years. And we have some new customers also here in the 2 -Wheeler 
Premium Lighting segment starting from the next financial year.  
So here also, we have won certain significant orders going forward. So we are looking at a 
growth not only in the future in Romania and Thailand, where, of course, the revenues will be 
in a much bigger way, because it's in the 4-Wheeler segment. But 2-Wheeler also, we are looking 
at a good level of growth on the back of new customers and not really relying only on Piaggio 
over here. 
When it comes to, I think, IMES, I think here, we are, of course, looking at the moment of turning 
around this business from a profit standpoint. A lot of work is going on.  We have made 
investments in the past to recondition some machines, replace some machines. So we will see 
some good momentum from a point of view of profitability in the next financial year. But going 
forward, in the long term, we will have to find a good s olution over here , because this is also 
more a Non-Auto business where we are not really that focused. 
Aditya Jhawar: Very encouraging to hear. So clearly, we are talking about growth rebound in the Overseas 
business and also profitability, excluding the Romanian operation, right, in FY '27? 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes. Yes. Romanian operation also should show improvement, to be more like a cash breakeven 
next year. 
Aditya Jhawar: Okay. Okay. That's good. And congratulations on the 4-wheeler Lighting win for BEV . I am sure 
this would really help in overall our contribution from 4 -wheeler and EV in the next couple of 
years. So that's it from my side. All the best. 
Mahendra Kumar: Thank you, Aditya. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir.  The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Sachin Kasera: Good evening, everyone. And congratulations on a good number, especially in India. I had 2, 3 
questions. One was if you see the India numbers as per the presentation, we seem to have seen 
===== PAGE 13 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 12 of 19 
some margin improvement there. So can you just comment a bit on that? One, is it sustainable? 
Secondly, was it driven by gross margin or operating efficiencies or both? 
Mahendra Kumar: It's a combination of both, but mainly, if you really see the fixed cost part of it, I think there was 
a good amount of cost control, which we did there. If you really see the year-over-year increase 
in fixed cost, it was pretty less. We took some tough decisions Q4 of last year in terms of cutting 
down some headcount, plus we also had some strict controls on the other elements of fixed costs. 
So that operating leverage is getting magnified because of that. So that's the main reason. 
Sachin Kasera: So we should see this more sustainable. There's no one -off in that and the India numbers are 
more or less something which you can look to be sustained. 
Mahendra Kumar: It should give us flexibility to do maybe 0.2%, 0.3% this way or that way. But yes, directionally, 
yes. 
Sachin Kasera: Sure. Secondly, I think there have been a couple of questions that you clarified on the overseas 
operations. But just to again get more clarity, I believe your presentation mentions that there are 
2 parts which are dragging the profitability. If I see you reported INR 160 crores of PBT in India 
and around INR 35 crores is the negative delta from overseas operations and some INR 27 crores, 
INR 28 crores from the R&D initiatives mainly, again, believe for your Global Lighting foray. 
You mentioned that Romania will start to break even? Or do you mentioned about the entire 
after overseas market breaking even in second half of next year? 
Mahendra Kumar: I mentioned Romania for cash breakeven next year. See, within the overall businesses, Overseas 
businesses, the 2 -wheeler business is already making profit. So it's not incurring losses. Then 
the remaining part is IMES. IMES, as our CMD explained, we are taking some actions. That 
should also improve EBITDA significantly next year. But for it to turn to profits, it will take 
some time. 
Sachin Kasera: So currently, what would be the drag because of Romania in the first 9 months for the quarter, if 
you could give some sense on that, of the losses that we reported in overseas operations? 
Mahendra Kumar: Sorry, come again. 
Sachin Kasera: What would be the drag from Romania to the profitability for the quarter? Because that's what 
you said will turn around from next year? 
Mahendra Kumar: That country level breakup, we generally don't give, but you will anyway see the result coming 
in over the next. 
Tarang Jain: Basically, as to say that Romania at present, the utilization is very low of the capacity. And you 
will see that with a lot of new orders kicking in from the second half, the revenue growth will 
===== PAGE 14 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 13 of 19 
be significant from the second half. And of course, it will then grow even more in the following 
year. And these are some of the big businesses that we have won actually. So compared to where 
we are today, it will be a lot more going forward. 
So, Romania this thing will do exponentially. 2-wheeler Lighting is already profitable even at a 
lower base. That will also see a growth next year , because we have new customer over there, a 
significant new customer. And when it comes to our Thailand facility, that only will start in the 
calendar year '27. So that business is in automotive, the cycle is 1.5 -2 years after you win a 
program. So that wi ll only start in the calendar year '27, somewhere in the second quarter or 
something. And then you will start  seeing that utilization and numbers coming in the Thailand 
facility. 
And a lot of these costs which you see, the R&D and all are actually been incurred in the last 1 
year, mostly to win these programs. You need a very strong R&D team. We have created a very 
strong engineering team in China also. We already had in Poland and in India, people supporting 
these 4-wheeler electronics and lighting. 
But now, Lighting electronics team in China is for us a game changer because it's cutting edge. 
And that's what will drive more of business wins also going forward. And without this 
investment, we call it as a big investment. It's not a cost for us. It's a big investment fo r future 
exponential growth. And that's what we already see the wheels coming , because of the team in 
China also playing a very big role here. 
Sachin Kasera: Sure. So just to understand this R&D bit, this R&D, what we have mentioned in the presentation 
around INR 27 crores, INR 28 crores of negative on the PBT, that will remain. But because of 
this investment in R&D, we will see improvement in the core EBITDA of the PBT at the India 
as well as the overseas operations. Is that the way to look at the combined numbers in the next 
few quarters? 
Tarang Jain: I think it will be more abroad, I would say, which is this thing. I think this engineering team is 
there, of course, even for part of the India projects on 4 -wheeler. But mainly, including also for 
India, definitely for Lighting and all for India also. But basically, yes, it will drive a lot of growth 
abroad also, which today is quite low. Our revenues abroad are quite low. But I think going 
forward, we are looking at a much bigger level of revenue abroad. 
Sachin Kasera: Sure. But just to understand, you mentioned that Overseas Lighting is already profitable and 
Romania will see breakeven next year. But despite that, we are seeing overall PBT will still take 
some time for breakeven. So does it mean that Thailand and Italy are a larger part? And hence, 
that is the reason why even next seco nd half next year also , overall at the breakeven level will 
be challenging for us to become breakeven? 
===== PAGE 15 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 14 of 19 
Tarang Jain: See today, the 2-wheeler Lighting business is already profitable, and that's the main revenue at 
the moment. Today, we hardly have any revenues from Romania and almost negligible in 
Thailand. So basically, all this investment in R&D has led to quite a few big business wins, 
which will start playing out from the second half of the next financial year for us. And therefore 
all these business wins and revenues coming out of there will cover a lot of all these R&D costs, 
which we have incurred already. 
Dhruv Jain: And maybe I will just try to clarify something for you. So our 2-wheeler Lighting plants are the 
ones that are already profitable. We also have a new 4-wheeler Lighting plant in Thailand. This 
is the one which will ramp up only in calendar year 2027. So maybe I don't know if that clarifies 
that the entity that we said is profitable is more the 2 -wheel Lighting plants where, of course, 
Vietnam is one of the bigger drivers of the profitability. But the Thailand plant for passenger 
vehicle lighting is a new plant. So that will only ramp up next year. 
Sachin Kasera: Sure. And lastly, on the CAPEX, you mentioned about some land being acquired. So are we 
looking at a fresh round of greenfield CAPEX? And what is like the plan for the next 2, 3 years 
on the land that we are looking to acquire? 
Mahendra Kumar: I think we explained in the previous calls also. So we plan to invest close to about INR 150 
crores in land, yes, of course, greenfield facility near Pune, in Pune. Entire thing may not come 
and hit us in Q4 this year. Part of it may come this year and part of it may spill over to Q1 of 
next year. 
Sachin Kasera: My question was, sir, over and above the land, how much because land is basically like the basic 
infra for the greenfield. So my question was more in terms of the CAPEX over and above the 
land in the next 2, 3 years on that parcel. 
Mahendra Kumar: Next year, let's talk about could be in the range of maybe INR 300 crores to INR 350 crores. 
Then in the outer years, it should moderate to maybe INR 250 to INR 300, but it also depends 
upon the new programs we win. If we win significant programs overseas, then we may have to 
invest temporarily for those programs. 
Sachin Kasera: Sure. Thank you very much for answering all the questions and wish you all the best. 
Mahendra Kumar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Rahul Kumar from Vaikarya Fund. Please 
go ahead.  
As there is no response, we will move to the next question. The next question is from the line of 
Priyaranjan from HDFC AMC. Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 15 of 19 
Priyaranjan: Hi. Thank you. Just a couple of clarifications, Tarang, since we have win decent orders and a lot 
of probably the programs is going to start for overseas operation probably in '27, '28. So how 
should we look at in terms of the balance of the business going forward from, say, 88%, 12% to 
India Overseas. So, do you see substantial change in terms of the mix of the business in the next 
2, 3 years down the line? 
Tarang Jain: No, definitely, we will see a better share coming from our business abroad. But today, I think 
largely the revenue is all mostly coming from India. more than 90% is coming from India. So 
going forward, with all the business wins and all and a focus on sele ct businesses, certain 4 -
wheeler electronics, certain lighting, both 2-wheeler, 4-wheeler lighting. And so we are going to 
drive a lot of the revenues out of selected plants abroad.  
And here, I am talking about a Forging business. Forging business, we have to look at what to 
do going forward. It's a noncore area for us at the moment. We don't know what the growth, but 
the rest will definitely drive more growth, and you will see that the share of the foreign business 
will grow as we go along. India also, we are looking at a good double-digit growth year-on-year. 
But then it will be augmented by quite a large growth abroad, where the abroad business, of 
course, percentage of total overall goes up to a decent percentage. 
Mahendra Kumar: And also a negative growth, which has been affecting us in the last 2 years will now become a 
positive growth. So that will also bring in good improvement. 
Priyaranjan: Sure. And just one clarification  on this, the 3 charts you have shown India business, overseas 
and 4 -wheeler R&D side. So Overseas business  include this 4 -wheeler R&D and all? Or it 
doesn't include the overseas? 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes, the 4-wheeler R&D is the last box, third box. 
Priyaranjan: Okay. So that is separate. So that is over and above the Overseas business losses, right? 
Mahendra Kumar: Correct. 
Priyaranjan: Okay. Got it. Thank you. All the best. 
Mahendra Kumar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Harshil from AM Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Harshil: Yes, sir. So based on the order wins in both India and overseas markets, what kind of revenue 
growth are we projecting going forward, sir? 
===== PAGE 17 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 16 of 19 
Mahendra Kumar: I think we mentioned earlier also, our target is to grow between 15% to 20% ahead of the market, 
at least 4% to 5% ahead of the market. So that the direction still remains. 
Harshil: Okay, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Mahendra Kumar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Mihir V ora from Equirus Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Vora: Yes. So sir, just a clarificatory question. So on a steady-state basis, the R&D expenditure, which 
we are mentioning in the overseas part, the Lighting and Electronics, so what will be that amount 
in a steady-state basis as such? Because we are seeing that amount increasing right now to around 
INR 25 crores. So some colour on that part. 
Mahendra Kumar: No. See, the overseas R&D investment will more or less be around these levels for the near 
future. So there should not be a significant increase in the overseas R&D spending. 
Mihir Vora: And okay. And basically, there's a note in your financials where the arbitration case with the 
OPmobility is still going on right now, which is roughly around EUR 66 million. So sir, what is 
basically the issue we are facing there? And what do we think about that part? Like when do we 
close on that? Some colour on that? 
Mahendra Kumar: Yes. So basically, the dispute has 2 parts. One is about the supply agreement, which PO 
terminated abruptly without enough notice and without proper justification. So for that, we filed 
a court case against them, which is going through the process now. 
And then this arbitration is something which they initiated saying that some of the divestment 
agreement conditions have not been met and there are some warranty obligations, et cetera. So 
it's a combination of many issues.  
So in terms of time line, if you ask me, it's difficult to put a time line because these arbitrations 
go on for 2 to 3 years. But we will see how to actually manage this in the coming quarters. 
Mihir Vora: Right. And we haven't made any provision for that, right? 
Mahendra Kumar: No, it has been. First of all, claims itself were getting disputed. So there's no question of claim. 
Tarang Jain: We feel that these claims are very unreasonable. Yes, some of them are frivolous. So we cannot 
provide for that. 
Mahendra Kumar: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 17 of 19 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Ritik Chopra from Buoyant Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ritik Chopra: Hello, sir. So you mentioned in your opening remarks that you are going towards non-auto side. 
So what are we doing over there? And how much CAPEX are we putting in? And what is the 
size of opportunity that we are trying to cater to? 
Arjun  Jain: Yes. So I would say from a non-auto perspective, I think our primary interest in the space is also 
to drive alternate utilization for capacities that we have already built for ICE powertrain, which 
means the primary target applications would be lower volta ge motors. And the business wins 
that we have so far are also really in these motors and in plastic.  
In terms of an incremental CAPEX commitment, I would expect it to follow similar economics 
to what we would have if we were driving automotive growth, for example. And again, I will 
say, I think it's really because the products we pursue in non-auto are very similar to products or 
very similar is not the right word because every application is unique. But the products we pursue 
in non -auto utilize the same competencies we already have from a design development and 
manufacturing perspective. 
Ritik Chopra: Okay. And are the margins similar to our Auto business? 
Mahendra Kumar: It's too early to comment on margins , because we are just making a beginning. But yes, in the 
long term, yes, there should be. 
Ritik Chopra: And how much capacity have you built in any customer over there? Any colour? 
Arjun Jain: We have won business. So there are customers, and we will SOP in FY '27. And like I said, I 
think the way we look to mitigate the investment is to redeploy existing capacity. That is the first 
choice. Of course, you cannot 100% do that, which will mean the re will be a level of delta 
investment. But the first preference is to deploy existing capacity. 
Ritik Chopra: All right. Thank you, that was helpful. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Avnish Tiwari from Vaikarya Change LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Avnish Tiwari: This Imes as forging business, which is noncore for you, would you be open to exit this via sale 
or other measures? 
Tarang Jain: See, we have not decided anything yet. At present, we are trying to see how to make it profitable 
with the level of business we have. But yes, we will be looking at also all other options in regard 
to this particular business. 
===== PAGE 19 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 18 of 19 
Avnish Tiwari: This U.S. and European deals, which we have had at a country level, does it create any positive 
environment for you anywhere? 
Tarang Jain: Definitely. Definitely, I think both these deals will definitely encourage auto components exports 
to Europe. Europe is anyway a very big market for us for quite a few of our products, which we 
export. We can further grow with various other customers and existing customers here in Europe. 
And America, we don't have much of a presence today. North America, we don't have much of 
a presence today. But then with this new trade deal, which has been signed with a lower tariff, I 
think that we will have a lot of future potential with various customers. 
And some of them we already know, we have been discussing with. But because it had to be 
stalled because of this 50% tariff by the U.S. But now again, we are going to start those 
discussions. And I think we will win business also in the U.S. export business. 
Avnish Tiwari: Which products are these going to be? 
Tarang Jain: See, largely, I think a lot of these products are the metallic products, including engine valves, 
which is a very big product for us , a lot of the forged machine products, which we do already. 
We see a huge scope of growth more in these products. And then, of course, we are looking at 
selective things could be in electronic space, electrical space. So we are looking at also at some 
of the other of our product portfolio. But maximum, we see the potential more on the metallic 
space presently. 
Avnish Tiwari: And lastly, the discussion you are having with non -Bajaj EV 2-wheeler customers, where you 
are confident that something can fructify in FY '27, will that be a motor-motor controller or non-
EV components to--. 
Arjun Jain: We are talking about e-components only. We are talking about motor-motor controllers. 
Management: See non-EV components, we already do with multiple non -Bajaj customers. So lighting, seats, 
switches, displays, when we talk about early FY '27 SOP, we are talking primarily about e -
Powertrain. 
Tarang Jain: And we are already starting an SOP with one of the customers for these e-Powertrain from early 
next year, and also in discussions with others, and we are very close to winning an e-powertrain 
business also with one more premier customer going forward. So we are very closely aligned. 
Avnish Tiwari: And just to conclude this, these customers you are talking about, they have a reasonable market 
share in electric 2-wheelers, right? They are not at a smaller rise in the electric 2-wheeler space. 
===== PAGE 20 =====
 Varroc Engineering Limited 
February 5, 2026 
 
 Page 19 of 19 
Tarang Jain: So one of them is actually a newer player, but quite a strong player. And other one, of course, is 
a very established player. Among the new people, we are going to be dealing with. 
Avnish Tiwari: Sorry, I missed your last sentence. What is the second player? 
Arjun Jain: Let me clarify. One is fundamentally incumbent. The other is a newer player, but is definitely 
somebody who is in the top 7, 8. 
Avnish Tiwari: Okay. So both of these will significantly expand your target addressable, let's say, 2 -wheeler 
market effectively for motor-motor controllers? 
Management: Yes. 
Avnish Tiwari: Okay. Great. Thank you, and wish you the best. 
Tarang Jain: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Management for closing comments. 
Tarang Jain: So thank you, everyone, for all your questions and for joining the call and also for your 
continuing support. See you in the next quarter. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Equirus Securities Private Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 