SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/PRICOLLTD-Concall_Nov_2025_Transcript.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
PL/SEC/TGT/2025-2026/096 Tuesday, 11th November 2025 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: PRICOLLTD Scrip Code: 540293 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Con-call Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we herewith submit the Transcript for the Con-call held on Friday,    
7th November 2025 at 04:00 PM (IST) pertaining to Company’s unaudited financial results 
for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2025. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pricol Limited 
 
 
 
 
T.G.Thamizhanban 
Company Secretary 
ICSI M.No: F7897 
 
Encl. As above 
 
 
 
>::(< pncal 
PR/COL LIMITED 
Passion to Excel 
109, Race Course, 
Coimbatore-641 018, India 
'- +91 422 433 6000 
;:; connect @pricol.com 
_ pricol .com 
CIN L34200TZ2011PLC022194 
;._ CUSTOMERS ;._ EMPLOYEES ;._ SHAREHOLDERS ;._ SUPPLIERS 
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 Page 1 of 11 
PRICOL Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY 2026 Conference Call of 
PRICOL Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand the 
conference over to Mrs. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. 
 Thank you, and over to you. 
Purvangi Jain: Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of PRICOL Limited. 
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's 
Earnings Call for the second Quarter and Financial Year 2026. Before we begin, let me mention 
a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's Earnings Call may be 
forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such 
statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and 
information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call, 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Vikram Mohan, Managing 
Director; Mr. P.M. Ganesh, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director; Mr. Siddharth 
Manoharan, Director of Strategy; and Mr. Priyadarsi Bastia, Chief Financial Officer. Without any 
delay, I request Mr. Vikram Mohan to start with his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
===== PAGE 3 =====
 Page 2 of 11 
Vikram Mohan: Welcome, namaskar, vanakkam to the H1 Earnings Call of Pricol for the financial year ending 
31st March 2026. I hope all of you had a good festive season and had a good time with all of 
your family. 
I hope all of you did see the presentation that has been uploaded. I'll give you a very quick 
synopsis of the same, and then we will move to the questions. I am sure a lot of you have 
questions to ask us.  
We are overall pleased to deliver a good set of numbers for the first half of the year and the 
second quarter of the year. Our revenue from operations on a consolidated basis stands at 
around INR 988 crores with an EBITDA of INR 123.35 crores, thereby giving an EBITDA margin 
of 12.49%, a PAT of INR 64 crores, PAT margin of 6.5% with an EPS of INR 5.25 per share for the 
quarter. And for the half year, revenue from operations of INR 1,865.59 crores with an EBITDA 
of INR 225 crores, EBITDA margin of 12.07%, PAT of INR 113.88 crores, PAT margin of 6.1% with 
an EPS of INR 9.34 per share, which has seen a significant increase from H1 of the prior period 
and the Q2 of the prior period on a year-on-year basis. 
On a consolidated basis for the quarter, our revenue from operations has grown significantly 
by 52%, both organically and inorganically. This has been affected by the acquisition of the new 
company, which is the name and style of Pricol Precision Products Private Limited, the injection 
molding division of Sundaram Auto that we had acquired, and our own very healthy growth 
has resulted in this 52% growth. Also a 41.59% EBITDA growth. You may feel why has the 
EBITDA growth been a little lower than the revenue growth. It is because of the consolidation 
of the plastics business that we acquired at a lower EBITDA, and slowly and steadily improving 
the EBITDA of that business. Our revenue from operations for the first half has grown by 48.89% 
and EBITDA by 34.24% compared to the same period in the prior year. 
I do hope the set of numbers and any other questions related to this, we will answer in the 
question-and-answer session going forward. May I request all participants to restrict 
themselves to one question to allow other people to have a chance to ask their questions. If 
there are more than one question, request them to join the queue again. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Vijay Pandey from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead.  
Vijay Pandey: Congratulations for an excellent quarter. First, a couple of housekeeping questions. Just can 
you tell us what was the revenue above from Pricol Precision and what is the EBITDA margin 
from there? 
Vikram Mohan: I will request our CFO to answer the specific question. But EBITDA margin, when we took over 
the company, was at around 6.3% in March of this year, and it's been steadily growing month-
on-month with the actions that we have been taking and has hit a number of about 9.5% in the 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 Page 3 of 11 
month of September, which we hope to maintain and sustain in the months forward and a 
marginal improvement on that. So, it's been a steady improvement. 
We have been having 0.5% or so EBITDA improvement every month since we have taken over 
with all the restructuring activities that we have planned. With regard to revenue and EBITDA 
for the H1, Priyan, I request you to take that. 
Priyadarsi Bastia: Good evening. For Q2, the revenue was INR 235 crores with an EBITDA of 9.08%. Thank you. 
Vijay Pandey: Secondly, so as we now look forward, we expected that there will be some production issues 
from rare earth magnets in Q2. Has that transpired? And are you seeing what are the level of 
orders you are seeing now in the Q3, especially with festive season and going forward over like 
next 2 months? So, if you can help us, that will be helpful. 
Vikram Mohan: Yes. So, there are 3 issues distinctly that you're talking about. What we alluded to in the last 
call was a rare earth magnet crisis, which was affecting the automotive industry as a whole. I 
think that crisis has largely passed. And we have been able to manage it very well, ably led by 
our CEO. We have been able to tide over that crisis, and we have been able to meet the 
numbers. 
And yes, festive season demand is over. Always Q3 in the automotive industry is the weakest 
quarter in the year, and we will be aligned with that. Automotive industry never does Q2 level 
of performance in Q3 historically, and this year is going to be no different. 
But having said so, I don't know how many of you are aware, there is a bigger crisis that has hit 
the auto industry, which is the semiconductor crisis caused by one company called Nexperia, 
right? So, this is not just restricted to Pricol. It has affected the whole industry. About 80, 90 
semiconductor parts meant for automotive has gone out of production where they have raised 
their hands. So, many of the automakers and the Tier-1s like Pricol are affected. This, we 
believe, will have some degree of impact on the industry this quarter in addition to the overall 
low demand this quarter. How much? We don't know. Will the sales drop significantly 
compared to our original plan? No. It will not be significant. I'm quite confident we'll be able to 
ably manage it because we have found alternate sources, tested alternate parts, given it to the 
customer for validation. There could be some delays of revenue by 2, 3 weeks, but we will not 
lose the revenue. 
But will we exceed our internal targets? Probably no. We'll probably meet our internal targets 
or be short of it by 4%, 5%. That's the status for this quarter. I will not be able to comment 
more or neither will our CEO be able to comment more because the situation is unfolding as it 
speaks, not just for Pricol, but for the entire automotive industry. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
 Page 4 of 11 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishita Shanklesha from Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Nishita Shanklesha: So, I just have a few questions. I wanted to understand about your CAPEX plans. What is the 
total amount of CAPEX that you've done in FY '26? And what is the CAPEX plan for FY '27? 
Vikram Mohan: This year, we will be doing about INR 250 crores of CAPEX and we are again beginning to start 
another CAPEX cycle because of the acquisition of the new business and a lot of the new 
business opportunities, the switches business that we have signed a new technology license 
agreement for. So, we are going to be creating capacities for many of those businesses. We 
have won a lot of new business in the SPM space, the disc brake space. So, we are again getting 
into a CAPEX cycle and also buying some land for expansion of the company. This year, it will 
be somewhere in the region of INR 250 crores to INR 300 crores and next year would be a very 
similar number. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay. Okay. Understood. Also, so your depreciation has been increasing quarter-on-quarter in 
this H1 it includes. So, can you give any reason for that? 
Vikram Mohan: Yes. We are continuously investing in new machinery modernization, debottlenecking 
production lines. So, we have been on a heavy CAPEX mode in the last 2 years itself. So, as a 
result, our depreciation is going to keep increasing going forward. As we evolve from being a 
mechanical to an electromechanical to an electronics company and now the plastics business 
is also undertaking expansion and modernization, the more the CAPEX, the more the 
depreciation. And that's going to continue. That's going to be the trend for the next 3 years. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Patil from LKP Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Ashwin Patil: Congratulations on a great set of numbers. My question is on P3L business. Just wanted to 
know the business outlook for this business going forward like in medium and long term? And 
also on the margin front, how much expansion do we see in the margins going forward? And 
also the order wins we would be seeing or the client wins which we have seen in this quarter. 
And going forward, how are we planning to expand our clientele going forward? 
Vikram Mohan: Okay. That's 4 questions bundled into one. Yes, we took over a business with about 6.5% 
EBITDA. We have grown it to about 9.5%. I think PAT for the course for this business would be 
about 10% to 10.5%, which we will hit over the next quarter or 2. 
In terms of margins, will there be scope to expand beyond that at this point in time, no. B, is 
there going to be a huge amount of growth in the next 2 years? The answer again is going to 
be no. It is going to be a reasonable amount of growth of between 11% to 15% because we 
need to create capacity. So, we are in the process of buying land and creating more plants and 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 Page 5 of 11 
putting in new machinery, etcetera. So, now there is a very healthy pipeline of RFQs and orders, 
but we are unable to convert it to business because of lack of real estate, which we are now 
working on. 
But having said that, I'm very confident that we will be able to deliver 11% to 14% year-on-year 
or 15% year-on-year growth for the next year, year and a half. Thereafter, accelerated growth 
with the capacities being enhanced. It was a very tedious dependent business when we took it 
over. We have now increased our business. We have won a lot of business from Ather. We 
have won business from Hanon. We have won business from Autoliv. We have won business 
from Schneider. We are now in active talks with Hero, Honda and Bajaj and Tata Motors where 
we are in the final stages of getting business awarded. So, it is going to change the landscape 
of the business quite significantly in the next 2 years as we add more customers, add more 
capacity and add more plants to the company. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Vijay Pandey from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead.  
Vijay Pandey: So, 2 questions. One on our dividend plan. So, this is the first time we have announced dividend. 
I just wanted to understand what is our dividend payout policy expected to be? Will it be like -
- should we expect another 2 rupees in the second half of this year? Or will it be like 2 only for 
the entire year? 
Vikram Mohan: Vijay, this would be for the entire full year. We had planned it actually for the year ending FY 
'25. But because the semiconductor crisis was hitting, we didn't know what is going to be the 
degree of the rare earth magnet crisis. We thought there was a lot of doomsday predictions. 
So, we had deferred it by a quarter to see how we are able to tie it over and then we paid out 
this dividend. And undertaking a heavy CAPEX cycle again, I think it's prudent to put money 
back into the business and create wealth for our shareholders, then go through the dividend 
route, which I don't think is very financially good returns for our shareholders because of the 
taxation involved. 
Vijay Pandey: Okay. That was very helpful and that confirms our view. Can you just speak a little bit about 
the disc brake business and how is this coming up? What is the revenue--? 
Vikram Mohan: Pardon me, Vijay, can you repeat again? Disc brake business coming up. Yes, I will start with 
production. I will request our CEO to throw some more light about the disc brake business. 
P. Ganesh: Disc brake has gone into productionization about 6 months back. First, we have started with 
the new age EVs. And also we have won a large business from the top 5 OEMs in the country. 
So, that will go into productionization from Q1 of next year. So, as you know that when ABS is 
becoming mandatory from January onwards, disc brake also will become like an equivalent 
===== PAGE 7 =====
 Page 6 of 11 
mandatory to an ABS. So, we find that the growth of disc brake is going to be quite good in the 
coming years. Thank you. 
Vijay Pandey: Just so that order is for like which category of model? Will it be more than 200cc or in the new 
range? And how do you see the government regulation? Because a couple of competitors have 
said that that mandate is not going to come. I just want to see your understanding on that. 
P. Ganesh: So, the government, what you call, the mandate has come as that all, see irrespective of the 
cc, ABS would be mandatory. That is what the regulation says from January onwards. So, 
irrespective of the cc, currently 150cc and above have got ABS. Now irrespective of the cc, all 
vehicles will have ABS. So, if you have to implement ABS, disc brake is also mandatory to have 
it. So, that's why you find that the disc brake business will be right, yes. 
Vijay Pandey: And our orders for, like, 150cc and above or--? 
Vikram Mohan: Sir, I think we have a lot of people on the queue. I think we are going too deep into one product 
category, into a vehicle category. I think we should give an opportunity for the others. Thank 
you, Mr. Vijay. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Nishita Shanklesha from Sapphire 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Nishita Shanklesha: Yes. So, it's a follow-up question on the CAPEX only. You mentioned that in FY '27 also, we will 
do INR 250 crores to INR 300 crores of CAPEX. So, is that going to be the acquired business or 
for our business only? And if you could also... 
Vikram Mohan: Both. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay. So, it is going to be for the both. And you mentioned that for the acquired business, we 
are in the process of looking for land and then build a plant. So, like have we already bought a 
land? Or what's the progress on that? 
Vikram Mohan: We are in the final process of completing the land purchases. It should be completed in the 
next 45 days or so whereas all legal due diligence is completed. And in fact, we are drawing up 
plans to even start construction of the plants. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Shubham Batra from Ambit Asset 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Shubham Batra: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. A couple of questions on the new order wins that 
you had indicated in the last quarter. You indicated we got an order from Yamaha and Honda. 
Can you give us an update on is it on track and when do we start seeing revenue from it? 
Secondly, anything that you could add on to the... 
===== PAGE 8 =====
 Page 7 of 11 
Vikram Mohan: One question at a time. I think people are bundling in too many questions. What are the new 
order wins from the last quarter. Ganesh, what are the new order wins in the last quarter? Any 
new order win in our DICVS division or ACFMS division from the LOI to SoP, start of production, 
is always about a 24-month lead time. So, that's a generic answer for most of our things. 
Plastics, it's more like 6 to 8 months. Ganesh, what are the significant new order wins for the 
last quarter? 
P. Ganesh: Last quarter, you could have seen that -- you asked specifically for Honda and Yamada, right? I 
think that was your question. 
Shubham Batra: Right, sir. 
P. Ganesh: Okay. Honda, in fact, we have already gone into mass production in the last 2 quarters for their 
motorcycle model where our instruments are being used. Secondly, the new EV vehicle launch 
by Honda, we supply the speedometers to them. Both the models actually already have gone 
into the ramping up stage, and we are working with Honda for much more models in the future 
to come. 
Yamaha actually has made some kind of initial discussion with us and we have also got some 
requirement from Yamaha, which we are trying to convert into a business. 
Vikram Mohan: They have also completed the audit and certified our facility. So, they've completed the audit 
of the plant certified us and now engaged in commercial discussions and LOI is not received as 
yet is under discussion. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Madhav Agarwal from Emerge 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Madhav Agarwal: Sir, for our product verticals, the 3 verticals, DIS, Actuation Systems and Precision Products, 
just wanted to understand what is the current share of revenue between the 3 and the margin 
profile? And also what is the target share that we are hoping to achieve between the 3? 
Vikram Mohan: This year, the plastics, the Polymer business will be about INR 850 crores to INR 900 crores with 
a steady-state margin of 9.5%. Of course, we started the year with a much lower margin 
because we have just acquired the business and a steady-state margin of about 9.5%. The 
ACFMS division is going to go through a very steep growth curve in the next 36 months because 
of acquisition of new customers and new product vertical. We are going to be seeing about 
30% to 35% growth year-on-year or perhaps even higher in the next 2 to 3 years. And that is at 
about INR 600 crores. And the DICVS vertical will be at around INR 2,100 crores to INR 2,200 
crores, and the margin is likely to be at around 12.5% to 13%. Correct me if I'm wrong, Ganesh. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 Page 8 of 11 
Madhav Agarwal: Okay. Just wanted to know the mix between these 3 divisions, any change in the mix that you 
will see going forward? 
Vikram Mohan: So, like I mentioned to an earlier participant, we will see 11% to 15% growth for our Polymer 
division till we add capacities and then we will see a much higher growth rate. ACFMS will see 
a growth of about 30%, 35% in the next 2 to 3 years, we aspire to grow. The DICVS division will 
maintain a steady state growth of above 15%. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Vipulkumar Anopchand Shah from 
Sumangal Investments. Please go ahead.  
Vipul Shah: Yes. My question has been answered. 
Vikram Mohan: Thank you, Mr. Shah. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Chaitanya Hardikar from Purnartha 
Investment Advisers Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Chaitanya Hardikar: I just wanted to ask one question. If I'm not wrong, we had a target of around INR 8,000 crores 
of annual revenue by FY '30. And what I have understood from your earlier answers is that we 
are planning around INR 500 crores of CAPEX over the next 2 years. So, just to know if that 
CAPEX will be sufficient to reach the target or are you planning some more CAPEX or something 
any opportunity there? 
Vikram Mohan: No, this CAPEX is not going to be sufficient to meet that. CAPEX will be an ongoing affair as and 
when we acquire businesses and create capacity. So, we have carved out the balance sheet all 
and it's not FY '30, it is December 30, which is FY '31 and it is INR 8,000 crores. And CAPEX will 
be an ongoing item because there is a sustenance CAPEX of INR 120 crores to INR 150 crores 
that has to be done every year. It's not that there will be INR 0 CAPEX after that. 
Chaitanya Hardikar: Okay. So, can you just give me a little bit of guidance on how that CAPEX would be around and 
just a broad estimate? 
Vikram Mohan: I think I have given an estimate for this year and next year. It will as it evolves, CAPEX will 
happen. But I don't remember, we have projected a 5-year balance sheet. I'm not able to 
remember from memory what exactly is going to be our CAPEX for the next 5 years, I'm sorry. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Nishita Shanklesha from Sapphire 
Capital. 
Nishita Shanklesha: So, I just have 2 more questions. One is on what is the current capacity and its utilization for 
both the business and the guidance for FY '26, FY '27 sustainable margins? These are my 2 
questions. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
 Page 9 of 11 
Vikram Mohan: Margins, I already spoke about, ma'am, to an earlier person in the Q&A. So, I'm not going to 
repeat that. In terms of capacity utilization for the Polymer business, it is closer to 94%, 95% 
today, which is why we are enhancing capacities. Once we enhance capacities for the DICVS 
division, which will happen over the next 2 quarters, which is a work in progress, then our 
capacity utilization will come down to about 70% so that we have capacity for more growth in 
that division. In the ACFMS, it is currently at around 80%, 85% and additional capacities are 
being created. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Meenu, an Individual Investor 
Meenu: Sir, can you give me guidance on tentative EBITDA of your cluster business? 
Vikram Mohan: I don't want to be giving future-looking numbers. I've already given what the run rate is and 
what we hope to maintain, ma'am. I don't want to give forward-looking statements, ma'am. 
Meenu: And sir, can you give me guidance on the growth of Pricol, like the current growth of Pricol and 
growth from each system at... 
Vikram Mohan: I just answered that to another investor just now each division, what EBITDA and what growth 
rates we are expected to maintain ma'am. 
Moderator: The line for the participant is disconnected. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Patil 
from LKP Securities. Please go ahead.  
Ashwin Patil: This question is on ACFMS that we have just said that we are expecting about 30% to 35% kind 
of growth in this business going forward. So, what would be the composition? From where all 
this business we are expecting to come from? 
Vikram Mohan: The first wave will come from FPM, second wave of growth from disc brake, the third wave of 
growth from the switches. 
Ashwin Patil: Okay. So, over a period of like 1.5 years or I mean, what period or the duration we would be 
expecting this kind of... 
Vikram Mohan: The switches will be 2 years later. Disc brake growth will happen from 18 to 24 months. FPM is 
as we speak. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Smit Shah from Monarch Networth 
Capital Limited. Please go ahead.  
Smit Shah: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, my question is regarding 2 collaborations that 
we have done. One is the tech license agreement for handlebar and the other is with BOE for 
===== PAGE 11 =====
 Page 10 of 11 
optical bonding. What is the progress on the same, the tentative CAPEX that will be required 
for the same? And by when can we expect the revenues to start? 
Vikram Mohan: Thank you for your note of congratulations, Mr. Shah. Let me correct you, it's not for the 
handlebar. It's products of the handlebar. So, handlebar per se is just a metal form product. It's 
primarily for the switches and the throttle. In fact, we have just had the first engineering 
workshop and it is not a JV. It's a technology license agreement, TLA, right? So, we are going to 
start the roadshow to the customers, 2 customers have already -- our anchor customers. They 
are the ones who actually identified the partner and asked us to go forward with them, 2 large 
customers, OEMs in India. They will be our anchor customers. 
Next in 2 weeks' time, we are starting our roadshow with our partners to not just those 2 
customers, but a whole host of other customers. Revenues are about at least 24 months away 
because it's a completely new vertical. That's what I answered to the gentleman, Mr. Ashwin 
Patil in the earlier because it now has to get converted to a product into testing and revenue. 
So, we are talking of about 24 months away. 
With regard to BOE, it is for a backward integration to do the optical bonding and screen 
manufacturing. That way, we make it a little more Atmanirbhar Bharat as per our PM 
statement, and we reduce our import dependence. And we are also able to get some cost 
arbitrage because we then get into also the screen because there are 3 important components 
of instrument cluster, which is, a, all the plastics, which we do; all the PCBs, which we do; and 
third is the screen, the most expensive part for the touchscreen, which is where we are going 
into. We are just constructing the premises for the same, and we have concluded on the entire 
project cost. It will be spent over the next 9 months and productionized. Is it going to give any 
revenue? No, because it is a backward integration project to make it more self-reliant and to 
give us cost arbitrage. Because our major competitors are backward integrating also, so if we 
do not backward integrate, we will not have a cost arbitrage. So, it is not going to be a revenue-
earning technology license agreement. It is to strengthen our business and our offerings to our 
customers and reduce our import dependence. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kachhawa from IndusInd 
General Insurance. Please go ahead.  
Saurabh Kachhawa: So, this question is regarding the newer verticals, which we are willing to enter in. So, in the 
last concall, we discussed about the smart e-cockpits and battery management systems being 
tested at your various customer places. So, I wanted to understand how far we reached in that 
and any further visibility about that? 
Vikram Mohan: We have developed the product. We have showcased it in technology roadshows to our 
customers. And revenue potential, we are yet to see because now customers know that we are 
===== PAGE 12 =====
 Page 11 of 11 
able to meet the cost, the quality and have the technology. Now it has to slowly start translating 
into revenue. Is there any revenue visibility as we speak? The answer is no. 
Saurabh Kachhawa: So, would it be okay to assume that it would be a margin accretive business for us as it is a 
pretty advanced thing? 
Vikram Mohan: Yes. It will be anything new. When we got into LCD for the first time 5 years ago, it was hugely 
margin accretive. Now slowly, it is getting commoditized. So, any new technology is slow to 
start off and then until it picks up pace it's margin accretive, then it gets commoditized. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Vikram Mohan: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for your active participation in this call. We do 
hope that we are able to tide over the current crisis that has hit the automotive industry, which 
is the Nexperia crisis, which, of course, is way beyond our control, and we are ably navigating 
it under the leadership of our CEO and his management team. And we do hope that the impact 
of this crisis will be minimum, and we will be able to meet and exceed the investors' 
expectations in this quarter also. 
Look forward to connecting with you in the next call after the Q3 results are announced. Thank 
you. Have a good evening. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Pricol Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 