SOURCE: inputs/concalls/Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf | pages=14

===== PAGE 1 =====
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Syngene International Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
• Ms. Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw – Executive Chairperson – Syngene International Limited 
• Mr. Siddharth Mittal – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer – Syngene International Limited 
• Mr. Deepak Jain – Chief Financial Officer – Syngene International Limited 
• Ms. Nandini Agarwal – Investor Relations – Syngene International Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Syngene International's Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference to Ms. Nandini Agarwal. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Nandini Agarwal: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on this call today to discuss Syngene’ s first 
quarter results for FY 2027. To discuss the financial and business performance for the period, 
we have on this call today Ms. Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, Syngene’ s Executive Chairperson; Mr. 
Siddharth Mittal, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Deepak Jain, Chief 
Financial Officer. After the opening remarks, they will be happy to answer any questions you 
might have. 
 Before we begin, I would like to caution that comments made during this conference call today 
will contain certain forward -looking statements and must be viewed in relation to the risks 
pertaining to the business. The Safe Harbor clause indicated in the investor presentation also 
applies to this conference call. The replay of this call will be available for the next few days, and 
the transcript will made available. 
With this, I will now turn over the call to our Executive Chairperson, Ms. Kiran Mazumdar. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Thank you, Nandini. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before I begin, I 
would like to welcome Siddharth Mittal to his new role as Managing Director and CEO of 
Syngene. During his 13 years at Biocon, Siddharth has played a key role in shaping the strategic 
direction of the company, helped transform its commercial and operational capabilities , and 
positioned the company for sustainable growth. Having worked with him closely, I have every 
confidence that his business acumen, leadership experience and execution -focused approach 
equip him well to lead Syngene, not only through the current transient period, but also to set a 
strong foundation for the next phase of growth and value creation. 
 Let me start by saying that FY27 is a year of transition for Syngene. It is a year of course 
correction, strategic renewal, and disciplined execution under a new leadership team. While the 
environment remains challenging, we have used the last few months to take a hard look at our 
business, identify where we have lost momentum and define a clear path to restoring sustainable 
profitable growth. 
 Over the past few years, I believe we have drifted towards the larger share of commoditized 
research services where differentiation is limited, and pricing pressure is inevitable. At the same 
time, our biologics manufacturing business became disproportionately dependent on a single 
large customer. The loss of that business has had a significant impact on our near-term financial 
performance and has reinforced the importance of building a more diversified and resilient 
commercial portfolio. 
===== PAGE 3 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 These have been important learnings . They have sharpened our strategic focus and have 
strengthened our resolve to reposition Syngene around areas where we can create sustainable 
competitive advantage. And I'm pleased that I have now stepped in as Executive Chairperson to 
make this happen. 
 Our first priority is to build a much stronger commercial engine. Winning business, deepening 
customer relationships and expanding strategic partnerships across global biotech and 
pharmaceutical companies will be central to our growth agenda. We are streng thening our 
commercial organization under the leadership of Abhijit Zutshi, a former Chief Commercial 
Officer of Biocon's Generics business, who has delivered very significant performance during 
this role. Abhijit will make sure that we have a sharper market segmentation, greater customer 
engagement and a more focused business development approach. 
 Second, and this is very important, we are reaffirming CDMO as the primary growth engine of 
long-term growth. We believe the industry continues to offer significant opportunity for high -
quality partners with scientific depth, development expertise and worl d-class manufacturing 
capabilities. Our investments in discovery, development and manufacturing positions us well to 
capture this opportunity. 
 Third. We are moving decisively up the value chain by expanding our differentiated discovery 
capabilities. As you all know, artificial intelligence is transforming drug discovery and Syngene 
intends to be at the forefront of this evolution. We are integrating AI acr oss the discovery 
workflow, combining computational biology, machine learning and advanced data science with 
deep experimental expertise to accelerate and improve the quality of research outcomes. 
 Alongside AI, we are investing in emerging scientific modalities and strengthening our 
capabilities in translational science and clinical research, enabling us to partner with customers 
from target identification through early clinical development. 
 Finally, large-molecule CDMO remains one of Syngene’ s strongest strategic differentiators. 
Few companies globally can offer the breadth of integrated biologics capabilities that we have 
built from cell line development and process optimization to clinical and commercial scale 
manufacturing. Combined with our  expertise in biopharmaceutical manufacturing and our 
expanding global manufacturing footprint, especially the Bayview facility in the U.S. positions 
Syngene as a trusted end-to-end partner for biologics innovators. 
 While the recent setback in biologics manufacturing has been significant, it has not diminished 
the strength of our capability or the long -term opportunity before us. The current year is , 
therefore, one of rebuilding rather than maximizing growth. For the full financial year, we do 
expect a single-digit decline in revenue in rupee terms and EBITDA margins in the mid-20s. 
 Our focus is on restoring commercial momentum, improving asset utilization, driving 
operational efficiency and creating a higher quality, more differentiated business. By the end of 
this fiscal, we expect these actions to position Syngene for a return to profitable and sustainable 
growth, which will be delivered from FY28 onwards. We are confident that the strategic choices 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
we are making today will create a stronger, more resilient and more differentiated Syngene for 
the future. 
 Now, with that, I'd like to hand over to Siddharth to take you through the quarter's performance 
and our strategic priorities in greater detail. Over to you, Siddharth. 
Siddharth Mittal: Thank you, Kiran, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate the opportunity to lead Syngene at 
such an important point in its journey. And I would like to thank the Board of Directors for the 
confidence they have placed in me. The CRDMO industry continues t o present significant 
opportunities for long -term growth, and I'm very confident that Syngene’ s  strong scientific 
foundation, differentiated capabilities, and trusted customer relations position us well to capture 
these opportunities. 
 So, my immediate focus will be on translating these priorities that Kiran outlined into a very 
disciplined execution and tangible business outcomes. This will entail sharpening our 
commercial execution, strengthening delivery across our businesses and buildin g a more agile, 
cost-competitive organization. While  we will continue to invest in our discovery and CDMO 
capabilities, AI and digital technologies and differentiated scientific expertise will definitely 
deliver greater value for our customers and strengthen our competitive position. 
 Let me now take you through key business highlights for the quarter. Syngene signed a 
Memorandum of Understanding with Translational Health Science and Technology Institute, a 
premier institution under Department of Biotechnology Government of India. The collaboration 
establishes an operational partnership for early and late-phase clinical development, translational 
research and bioanalytical sciences. 
 The collaboration will also enable the evaluation and execution of first -in-human and Phase I 
clinical programs, along with bioanalytical, biomarker , and patient -based clinical research 
programs. We also continue to strengthen Syn.AI, our AI -enabled scientific platform for 
accelerating drug discovery services. 
 The company developed giga -scale virtual screening capabilities, enabling larger libraries of 
molecules to be screened and prioritized, accelerating the identification of promising drug 
candidates. We also advanced our AI -driven de novo design capabilities, helping accelerate 
design and optimization of novel drug candidates. 
 Now these investments are helping us to enhance productivity, improve speed to science and 
hence create a greater value for our customers. We are also pleased to be recognized for the 
second consecutive year in Time Magazine and Statista’s World's Most Sustainable Companies 
2026 ranking, selected from more than 5,800 companies across 43 countries. This recognition 
reflects the strength of our sustainability agenda and reinforces our reputation as a trusted global 
partner for our customers. 
 Now, let me turn to the financial performance for the quarter. Revenue from operations for the 
quarter was at INR 736 crores, a decline of 16% year -on-year, primarily reflecting the absence 
of offtake from Zoetis in this quarter. Additionally, we also experienced the attrition of a few 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
clients in our research services business. Research services accounted for 78% of the sales, while 
CDMO accounted for the remaining 22% for the quarter. 
 Operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 91 crores with an EBITDA margin of 12%. The 
margin performance reflected the impact of lower revenues together with foreign exchange 
hedge loss of INR 50 crores during the quarter. This impact was partially offset by our ongoing 
cost optimization program, including employee-related costs and other expenses. Profit after tax, 
before exceptional items was INR 1 crore. 
 During the quarter, the company recognized an exceptional charge of INR 10 crores net of taxes 
related to termination benefits extended to employees in accordance with the company approved 
policy. Consequently, reported profit after tax was a negative INR 9 crores. Capital expenditure 
during the quarter was approximately INR 70 crores, primarily in our Bayview facility and other 
investments across technology platforms, including automation and AI-capabilities. But despite 
the near-term challenges, our balance sheet remains strong. 
 We ended the quarter with a net cash balance of INR 1,541 crores. And we will continue to make 
investments throughout the year, primarily in operationalizing our Bayview facility, expanding 
our capabilities and advancing new modalities that will strengthen our long -term 
competitiveness and position Syngene for future growth. 
 Let me conclude by reiterating that our priorities are clear and the focus of the management team 
is now on executing them consistently, enhancing operational performance and delivering better 
outcomes for our customers and stakeholders. 
With that, let me open the line for questions-and-answers. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question -and-
answer session. We will take the first question from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from 
Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Hi, good morning, and thank you for taking my question. First question on our guidance revision, 
which I think earlier we had mentioned it would be more or less flat revenue, and now we have 
revised down to degrowth of low single digits. So, what has changed between Q4 and Q1 leading 
to this revision if you could provide some highlight here? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Let me start with answering that question and then ask Siddharth to continue. Basically, as I 
mentioned earlier on, the big impact that we have felt this quarter is the loss or the absence of 
the Zoetis contribution to our numbers. We see a significant dec line in this particular business 
over this fiscal, and we are of course working hard to fill this gap. But by the time we start filling 
this gap with other customers, we believe it will be  the end of this fiscal, and therefore, we are 
projecting or guiding for a slight decline in revenue. 
Siddharth Mittal: And if I may just add, Kunal, we've of course, had a hard look at what are the discussions going 
on with our various customers and the pipeline. I think Kiran did allude in her opening comments 
that we are looking at sharpening our focus on commercial execution and by focusing on CDMO 
as a prime growth driver and, of course, the differentiated offerings in discovery business. And 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
I think while we get the new commercial organization to fire, there will be a gestation time from 
the time we get the RFPs and then translate that business into revenues. 
So, what we have guided for is what we believe is the realistic view of where we will end up in 
the year. But, of course, we have also said that H1 is where we will see a significant impact . In 
H2, we have a better visibility on both CDMO as well as our discovery businesses. 
Kunal Dhamesha: And just a follow-up on that, when we are saying that FY28 would be a better growth year for 
us, an d we are trying to fill this gap with newer product. But my understanding is, as you 
highlighted, that these RFPs take time to convert and then there is a tech transfer involved , in 
certain cases there is a requirement of plant inspection, etc. So, one question - out of this gap, 
which is coming from a commercial molecule will it be filled with, let's say, clinical molecules 
or commercial molecule? If it is commercial molecule, do we have strong visibility here or we 
are still at the RFP stage? 
Siddharth Mittal: It's a combination of both. We do have certain commercial molecules. And I think I would like 
to also specifically mention Mangalore. We all are aware that Mangalore had a very low 
utilization in the past years. We have had very good discussions and few lo ck-ins for both 
commercial, as well as clinical molecules from Mangalore. And this fiscal year itself, you will 
see a significant ramp -up in utilization. And the increase in utilization will continue in FY28, 
which will of course drive the revenue growth in our small molecule CDMO business. 
 And as far as the large -molecule CDMO business is concerned, again, we are looking at 
operationalizing Bayview. By end of this year, we have discussions going on with prospective 
customers who want to utilize this facility, which will drive revenue growth in FY '28. 
Kunal Dhamesha: And what about the Stelis facility? What are you seeing there in terms of traction? 
Siddharth Mittal: See, the customers have already signed up, and we have taken batches for a few of our customers. 
And, again, there also we see a ramp -up happening during this year and continuing into next 
year. But most of these molecules in Stelis are at clinical or development stage. So, at this stage, 
we do not have a large volume commercial molecule from Unit 3. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Kunal, to answer your question, I think we have to basically really have a sharp focus on the 
CDMO business, which I think Siddharth and Abhijit Zutshi will really now double down on. I 
think that's where we have found that we have not really taken advanta ge of our very 
differentiated position, because we were just being very complacent about one big customer. So, 
I think that's where the real strategy is going to be focused, and that's where we believe that the 
real opportunity lies. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure ma'am. And if I can just ask one more, let's say, segment -wise in Q1 between discovery 
and CDMO, if you could highlight how the discovery business has done. And it seems that the 
macro environment for discovery business is improving with VC funding in U.S. up by single 
digit year-to-date. So, are we seeing that momentum in the discovery business? And if you could 
provide Q1 growth number for discovery business, that would be great? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: So, Kunal, to answer that question, let me answer that by saying that actually we have answered 
that particular percentage in Siddharth's opening remarks where 78% of the business came from 
the Research Services and 22% came from CDMO, this quarter. 
But to answer your second question about discovery services, we believe that we need to really 
differentiate our discovery services  because I think the opportunity for Syngene, which has 
always been ahead of the curve, is to look at new science, new technologies that will differentiate 
us further, and that's where we are really focused. Otherwise, it becomes a race to the bottom 
because it becomes commoditized and then you're just basically providing very low -margin 
services, which is what has happened to us. 
 So, I think we need to double down on differentiated services, and you will see this big 
turnaround next year because that's what we are doing this year. A lot of our focus is on AI -led 
differentiation. And we think we are very confident that this will happen  during this fiscal, and 
we will see that turnaround by the end of this fiscal. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure, ma’am. Thank you, and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just a comment around the discovery business 
and attrition of a few clients. If you could just provide some additional details around it. Is it just 
how the pipeline has evolved, or is there something more specific for this attrition? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: I think the attrition has happened really because of a focus on the cost of these services. Again, 
I go back to the fact that as you get more and more into commoditized services, there are going 
to be competitors who offer these services at a much lower cost. We do not wish to compete on 
such a level. And , therefore, we all opt out of such opportunities and there is at trition seen of 
such customers. 
 And that is what I again want to emphasize the fact that we would like to start getting back to 
our old formula of having very, very value-added differentiated services where I think we have 
basically taken the eye off the ball. And that's where we want to focus, and therefore, I think by 
the end of this fiscal, you will see that turnaround. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Great, ma’am. That's helpful. Just I'm looking for some illustrations like what -- how would you 
classify the commoditized part, which you're deemphasizing in discovery as well as what are the 
new value-added parts? Is there something that you could illustrate so that we just get a hang of 
which parts is where Syngene is trying to focus on? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: So maybe we should take this offline, Shyam, and I think Siddharth will be very happy to discuss 
this with you offline 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. Mr. Patra? 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Surya Patra: My first question was about the CDMO biologic business opportunity, ma'am. See, in fact , we 
know that the anchor client for us for the large -molecule biologic business was Zoetis and that 
was a kind of a starting point also for that business in a greater way. So, with challenges that we 
are recognizing there, so any concrete progress in terms of the kind of the clientele addition , or 
any visibility, anything that we can share that will provide some incremental visibility about the 
CDMO business, wherein, larger investments are also gone from our side. So that will be helpful, 
please? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Yes. So , let me answer that question by saying that we were over -dependent on one large 
customer and obviously a lot of investments were made then to diversify that portfolio. But by 
the time that happened, we had a big drop in the opportunity with the large customer. So , we 
then were left with spare capacity and we had to fill in a lot of the new capacity that we had built 
in anticipation of diversifying that business. We've also, as you know, invested in the Bayview 
facility in the U.S., which also offers us a very large  opportunity to also have a diversified 
geographic footprint. 
 Now, we have already obtained quite a few projects from biologics requirements in the new 
facilities that we have acquired as a result of the large dependence on that one customer. And , 
of course, Bayview is in the state of being made into a state of readiness. And we have already 
had a lot of expressions of interest and one or two  have been converted into a project -based 
CMO requirement in the U.S. But the actual revenues of that will only start showing from next 
year. And in the meantime, we are really now doubling down on filling that big gap that has 
been created by the loss of the one big customer. 
 So, I think we have our work cut out for us, and I'm glad that we have a very focused commercial 
engine now that is going to double down on this very differentiated service that we offer. And I 
think we'll be able to share more color and visibility by next quarter , because I think right now 
we are seeing some very good green shoots, but I think we will start giving you better clarity 
starting next quarter. 
Surya Patra: Sure. One more thing about the clinical trial activities that we have forayed recently. So , we 
have talked about it at length, but so far, there is no commercial sense to the analyst community. 
So, if you can add anything to that 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Yes. I think this is a very, very attractive part of our business that is emerging. It's a small base 
right now, but it has grown significantly over the last year. But because of the low base, it's 
difficult to really talk too much about it at the moment. But I think we have seen a lot of progress. 
We have had new leadership. We are putting in some new capabilities in translational research. 
And we are very confident that starting this fiscal, we are  likely to see a very strong growth in 
this business, which will start becoming a significant part of our business going forward. 
Siddharth Mittal: It also positions the company and differentiates us from rest of the clinical research companies 
because, I mean, in India, many companies are more focused on BA/BE studies , and a global 
Phase III/Phase II are some of the differentiators for us and will definitely be a large contributor 
as a percentage of our overall revenues in the years to come. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Surya Patra: Okay. So, is it fair to believe that, okay, let's say, over a period of three-year time this clinical 
trial revenue stream will be about, I think, 20% of the total company's revenue , or something 
like that? Any sense on those lines? 
Siddharth Mittal: See, Surya, we cannot quantify in terms of percentage because other businesses will also grow. 
But today, it's a small base, as Kiran mentioned, but it will become a larger part of our business, 
both in absolute terms as well as in percentage terms. 
Surya Patra: Okay. Sure. Just last question from my side, sir. You mentioned in your opening remarks that 
there is some progress visible on the small molecule CDMO side from your Mangalore site. 
Whether it is a kind of a foreign project, which is getting extended from your CRO activity or it 
is a fresh commercial manufacturing opportunity that you are getting from some client? 
Siddharth Mittal: So, these are more direct manufacturing opportunities mostly. And , again, one of the focus for 
Abhijit and his team would be to look at integrated drug discovery and development. So , the 
molecules in discovery labs should move to development at various facilities. And that's where 
we think we can capture a lot more value, which today we are not doing so well. 
Surya Patra: Sure, Yes. Thank you. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Hi, good morning. Just couple of follow-up questions. So, I was looking at your revenue run rate 
three years back before the Zoetis contract came in. At that time you used to do around $350 
million to $400 million. As we all know, this product, the Zoetis contract did not work well and 
we are seeing destocking. But even if we annualize the current quarterly run rate, actually we 
won't reach the revenue run rate reached three years back before the Zoetis contract. What has 
happened to the rest of the business? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: I think, if you look at our present, of course, we are expecting the second half to be much stronger 
than the first half. So, I don't think you should look at the current run rate based on this quarter's 
numbers. But having said that, I think you should understand that the impact of the one  client 
was nearly $50 million.  So, I think if you look at that particular impact alone, it's significant, 
which we are now trying to fill. And if you look at the fact that we have seen attrition in some 
of our commoditized service offerings, which we deliberately did not focus on because w e felt 
that the low-margin business was the race to the bottom. We are rebuilding that business. 
 So, to answer your question, yes, we were at a good run rate over the last few years, but it has 
started declining starting last year. And what we are basically now doing is really rebuilding the 
business, rejigging the business and making sure that we get ba ck to this very robust growth 
because our aim is to really get back to a double -digit sustainable growth, which we think we 
will be able to do starting next fiscal. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Understood. Just a follow -up. Can I assume that now our Zoetis revenues are zero, so that it's 
completely out of the base? 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Well, not completely zero, but a very small percentage of that. 
Siddharth Mittal: See, Zoetis, does have inventory for the next couple of years as they have also seen a decline in 
their sales. But this fiscal year and more on the second half, we do have certain delivery 
obligations to them. And we do not expect the molecule to be zero even in FY28. We do 
definitely expect that and Zoetis will come back by end of the year with their forecast for FY'28, 
but we do not expect that it will be zero. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Understood. And last question on margin. So, first quarter you have done 12% or 19% whatever 
depending on the way you look at it, including the hedging losses, etc. Your guidance of mid -
20s EBITDA margin assumes a very strong second half, which should be in the line of 27% to 
30% to achieve that annual guidance. What gives you such a strong visibility in second half of 
margin pickup? 
Siddharth Mittal: Deepak, do you want to take that? 
Deepak Jain: So, Bino, if you look at it, as we said, this quarter is impacted by the revenue decline, and we 
are calling out a mid-single-digit revenue decline across the year. So, there will be some revenue 
uptick that will happen in the second half, which was called out by both Sid and Kiran as well. 
Margin improvement of all the cost-saving activities that we've spoken of earlier that we did in 
last year FY26 , and the continued cost saving initiatives that we are taking this year will 
definitely help us improve margins.  If you look at a couple of years back, our steady -state 
margins were definitely a little higher than the mid-20s. And we've also seen the seasonality of 
the business. Quarter four has always been the highest quarter for us, and that also helps 
appreciate the margins as well. So , it's a combination of these multiple factors where we feel 
that we should be able to hold on to the guidance of mid-20s. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Kohli from Goldstone Capital.  Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjay Kohli: Hi, yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Good morning, everyone.  Yes. So, on the clinical 
molecules side, could you give us breakup between small and large. And over the years has it 
been, sort of, does it move around a lot or seems fairly steady, the variability and your small and 
large molecules business on the clinical side, not the commercial? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: No, what do you mean by clinical side? You mean on the research side? 
Sanjay Kohli: Research, the research side, when you initially did the contracts, so basically on the chemistry 
and on the large molecules, I'm assuming is all basically become biologics or biosimilars? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: So, let me answer that by saying that when we look at discovery services, obviously, we do not 
try to differentiate between small molecule and large molecule opportunities , because both are 
very large. Having said that, I mean Syngene is very differentiated based on its capabilities in 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
large molecules. And, therefore, we, as a share of molecules that are given to us, we have in the 
country, perhaps one of the largest shares of large molecules under discovery. 
 Having said that, it doesn't mean that our small-molecule discovery platforms and requirements 
are small by any sense. So, when we look at our overall pie, we feel we are very well-distributed 
between large molecules and small molecules. So, I think that is the way we look at our business. 
We are not focusing on one or the other because both are very, very important for us. But as a 
company in India that really has a differentiation in biologics. At a country level, I think we get 
a much high er share of large molecules under the discovery umbrella compared to other 
companies. 
Sanjay Kohli: Okay. So for us, it's about 50/50 between both? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Let me explain it a little more. I think Siddharth mentioned that some of these new areas like 
oligos, ADCs and bispecifics, and many, many of those kinds of molecules are coming our way. 
And I think that's where we are really, really able to offer high -value services and we are 
doubling down on those opportunities, because we believe that getting more of that will give us 
a much better revenue and margin mix. 
Sanjay Kohli: Okay. Now on the focus area of the trial, this could be a great opportunity of the company to put 
out the presentation to just explain the landscape to us because there’s a lot of variability within 
the analyst the community of how we understand this. And this being relatively new over here, 
the landscape in the sense, is it going to be -- are you going to be enrolling over here, overseas, 
how large the pie is and how diff icult is it to enroll in the various geographies, those kind s of 
things. I really want to understand this. So, if the company can put out a presentation explaining 
this, because it's going to be a focus area for us going forward ? Just as a request, would this be 
possible, ma'am? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: So that's a very good suggestion , and I think the new leadership will definitely work on that. 
And in the coming quarters, we will see what we can do to address your suggestion. 
Siddharth Mittal: And let me just add that  clinical success and the opportunity is huge. There are a lot of 
government support, regulatory changes that are required. And we are, of course, working with 
various departments to see how India can become a leader in this space. There is some bit of 
dependency on that factor. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Yes. 
Deepak Jain: Sorry, if I may add, we had done a webinar with Dr. Mrinal as well last year, around December. 
And what we could do is check and provide you with a webinar link so you can look at it. And 
as Kiran said, we will try and probably do one more later on in the year. 
Sanjay Kohli: That would be helpful. Because we want to understand what has changed in the regulation also 
overseas that would allow to conduct trials, and even from the scientific point of view, how data 
of people from different countries translates into a homogenous result throughout, how much of 
that is allowed, and how useful that is. So, that would be very helpful. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Let me answer that question. The Indian regulatory landscape has to completely change to really 
hasten this particular opportunity in India. In the meantime, Syngene , already has some very 
good partnerships in other parts of the world , so that we can actually take these into the clinic 
faster than we can do in India. 
So, we do have partnerships in countries like Australia and Europe so that we can actually get 
over these kinds of impediments that we are facing in India, because in India it takes a very long 
time to obtain any approvals to do first -in-human, for instance. Even the approvals that are 
required to do Phase I, Phase II take much, much longer than other parts of the world. 
So, we are working on those issues.  We hope that they will be resolved , because the whole 
industry is working on this issue. And I think it's about ensuring that the regulatory system will 
enable an accelerated approach in many of these clinical trials. 
 But until then, we are actually having other arrangements in other parts of the world, so that we 
don't lose the momentum. So just to answer that question, obviously, it is a big opportunity for 
India, but I think the regulatory pathways have to be in sync with those opportunities. 
Sanjay Kohli: Right. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please 
go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Thank you for taking my question. I guess , I got dropped off at my second question. So,  
Siddharth, just back on the CDMO , I think you clarified the Librela question I had. But non -
Librela opportunities, in Bayview, or Unit 3, how should we look at demand for this particular 
segment? And what gives us the confidence that you seem to be making a small pivot towards 
saying that CDMO as a key  growth engine. So, just want to understand what are some of the 
early indicators you are picking up. It’s now 20% of revenues. I don’t know whether you split it 
out small versus large as well? 
Siddharth Mittal: So, Shyam, what Syngene offers in the context of large -molecule CDMO, very few can offer 
other than if you look at the Chinese and Korean companies. So , in the Indian context, at the 
scale and the quality and the capabilities, we are definitely differentiated. And having a facility 
in the U.S., of course, given the whole tariffs and ‘Make in U.S.’ rhetoric, we have discussions 
going on, both on the human health and animal health side. 
 And that's where we are having discussions with many of our current customers who are at early 
stages, or in the, let's say, product development stages to see how we can migrate those molecules 
from lab to commercial level infrastructure.  And we definitely have a very robust pipeline. I 
think the real thing is now to convert that pipeline into business. 
 And as far as Bayview is concerned, as we mentioned that we are looking at operationalizing 
that facility later this year. And at that point in time, of course, customers are already visiting 
the facility, looking at the facility, but we'll be able to lock  in customers only after the 
operationalization is done because that's what will give the confidence to customers once the 
facility is operationalized. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it. Thank you, and all the best. 
Siddharth Mittal: Thank you. I think one factor , which I forgot to mention is of course the Biosecure Act and 
inclusion of some of the Chinese companies, specifically in that list, that definitely offers a great 
advantage for us to shift those molecules from China to India. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll be taking the last question for today from the line 
of Neelam Punjabi from Perpetuity. Please go ahead. 
Neelam Punjabi: Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is that since we are guiding for a single -digit 
INR terms revenue decline and we are also having the Bayview facility operationalization in the 
later part of the year, guiding for a mid -20s EBITDA margin, which would mean that we are 
doing a very strict cost control. So , could you please talk a bit about our cost measures that we 
are taking this year? 
Siddharth Mittal: So, two aspects. One, the facility itself will not be capitalized during this fiscal year, and it will 
be capitalized based on our accounting policy. So, there will be very minimal expenses on behalf 
of Bayview in the P&L. 
But coming to cost optimization, that's independent of Bayview getting capitalized or not. I think 
we mentioned that even during the quarter, while we did have impact on margins because of 
lower revenues and forex, but a part of it was offset by cost optimization, including people costs 
that started sometime last fiscal. And this year, again, we are going to continue looking at all our 
operating expenses and people costs to align with what we are doing. And, of course, technology 
is going to play a very important role in that cost optimization. 
Neelam Punjabi: Got it. So that means that since Bayview would be commercialized or capitalized next year, we 
would most likely see a flattish margin next year itself as well, is that fair to assume? 
Siddharth Mittal: I think it's too early to comment on the margins for next year. Of course, in a difficult year like 
FY27, if we are having flattish margin and in next year, when we are expecting a good growth, 
the margin should improve. So, we do not expect a flattish margin to continue next year. 
Neelam Punjabi: Got it. On a base of FY27, could you give a medium to long -term outlook? What's the kind of 
revenue growth that we're looking at with these new facilities  – Stelis, Bayview – coming in, 
and with Mangalore also currently underutilized? Some long-term growth outlook would be very 
helpful. 
Siddharth Mittal: At this stage, I don't think we'll be able to quantify or give a qualitative guidance as well. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Neelam, I would like to say that this is a new leadership team. Please kindly give them a quarter, 
and they can be much more accurate about answering your questions once they have had an 
opportunity to really do a deep diagnosis of all the financial number s that you're basically 
addressing. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
 But suffice to say that there is a huge focus on financial discipline, on cost cutting and on 
ensuring that we go after all the businesses that I talked about. So, I think from next quarter, you 
should have better visibility and clarity on the questions that you're asking. 
Neelam Punjabi: Sure. Thank you, ma’am. And one last question is on the cash balance, INR1,540 crores net cash 
that we have. Firstly, if I remember correctly, last year we had INR1,800 crores of cash. So , 
what was the first quarter utilization, if you can help us understand where did we invest? And 
secondly, what are our cash utilization strategy going forward, if you can just help me with that? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Deepak, you might want to answer? 
Deepak Jain Thanks. So , if you look at it, we've always maintained the fact that our cash balance has a 
structure to it, where first quarter of the calendar year is where we receive a lot of advances from 
our customers and through the year, we  utilize those advances . So, you will naturally see a 
trajectory of a declining cash balance and then starts picking up towards the end of the year and 
the beginning of the next year, and that cycle continues. So, it's no different and nothing unique 
has happened. On the cash utilization, we continue to speak about our investment as Kiran and 
Sid were talking about it. We will continue to invest into our business and utilize the cash as 
well. 
Neelam Punjabi: Got it. That helps. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. Thank you, members of 
the management. You can get in touch with the Syngene team for any further questions. On 
behalf of Syngene International, that concludes this conference.  We thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 