SOURCE: inputs/concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf | pages=14

===== PAGE 1 =====
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
“Syngene International Limited 
4Q & FY 2026 Financial Results Conference Call” 
April 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
• Ms. Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw – Executive Chairperson – Syngene International Limited 
• Mr. Peter Bains – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer – Syngene International Limited 
• Mr. Deepak Jain – Chief Financial Officer – Syngene International Limited 
• Ms. Nandini Agarwal – Syngene International Limited 
 
 
  

===== PAGE 2 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Syngene International's Fourth Quarter and 
FY 2026 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing st ar then zero on your touch -tone phone.  Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nandini Agarwal. Thank you, and over to you. 
Nandini Agarwal: Good afternoon to everyone. Thank you for joining us on this call to discuss Syngene's fourth 
quarter and full year results for financial year 2026. To discuss the financial and business 
performance for the period, we have on this call today Ms. Kiran Maz umdar-Shaw, Syngene's 
Executive Chairperson; Mr. Peter Bains, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; and 
Mr. Deepak Jain, Chief Financial Officer. After the opening remarks, they will be happy to 
answer any questions you may have. 
 Before we begin, I would like to caution that comments made during this conference call today 
will contain certain forward -looking statements and must be viewed in relation to the risks 
pertaining to the business. The Safe Harbor clause indicated in the Investor Presentation also 
applies to this conference call. The replay of this call will be available for the next few days, and 
the transcript will be made available. 
 With this, I would now turn the call over to our Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Bains. 
Peter Bains: Thank you, Nandini. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us on the call 
today. Before I begin my remarks, I would like to introduce and welcome Kiran to this call in 
her new role as the Executive Chairperson of Syngene. We are very plea sed to have Kiran's 
leadership and guidance at the executive level as the company transitions into its next phase of 
growth. Kiran, may I invite you to share your opening remarks. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Thank you, Peter. I'm pleased to be back as Executive Chairperson of Syngene International at 
such a pivotal point in its journey, one that presents both near -term challenges and significant 
long-term growth opportunities. FY26 closed with a muted top line growth of 3% year-on-year. 
However, it is important to note that Q4 delivered a strong 13% sequential growth, which 
reinforces our confidence that the underlying momentum of the business remains intact. 
The impact of Librela on our FY26 performance has been significant, and it is likely to continue 
to influence growth in FY27 as well. At the same time, FY27 will be a transition year for 
Syngene with important leadership changes already underway to position, as Peter said, this 
company for its next phase of growth, particularly in CDMO, biologics and emerging AI -
enabled service lines. 
 We at Syngene are consciously building new capabilities that move us beyond a traditional 
services model towards a more value-added technology-led partnership model. Our investments 
in AI and digital technologies are aimed at improving speed, productivity , predictability and 
scale across discovery, development and manufacturing. And these capabilities will not only 
===== PAGE 3 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
drive operational efficiencies but will also help us create differentiated offerings for our global 
customers. 
 Given the current geopolitical uncertainties and the near -term impact of Librela, we expect a 
broadly flat performance for FY27 while maintaining EBITDA margins in the mid-20s through 
disciplined cost management and sharper operational execution. We also expect to start FY27 
on a muted note with H2 of FY27 to be meaningfully stronger than H1, with growth weighted 
towards the second half as new contracts ramp up and business momentum improves. 
We believe that FY27 will be a year of strategic reset and execution with a healthy pipeline of 
deal flows that will translate into stronger growth from FY28 onwards. Now with those initial 
comments, let me hand it back to Peter for a more detailed commentary on the business 
performance for the year gone by. Over to you, Peter. 
Peter Bains: Thank you, Kiran, and good afternoon again, and thank you all for joining us on the call today. 
Let me start with the fourth quarter, where revenue from operations was INR1,037 crores, 
reflecting year-on-year growth of 2% and sequential growth of 13%. Operating EBITDA for the 
quarter stood at INR303 crores with a margin of 29%, while reported profit after tax before 
exceptional items was INR153 crores. 
 Syngene's full year revenue from operations grew 3% and overall performance was in line with 
our revised guidance. While the overall numbers reflect the continuing impact from a single 
large molecule biologics client, our underlying business continues to show steady momentum. 
Deepak will provide more details on the financials. 
But I would like to highlight that Syngene generated a healthy INR521 crores in free cash during 
the year with a closing net cash balance of INR1,800 crores, reflecting the ongoing robustness 
of our operating model and disciplined execution.  
Globally, pharmaceutical and biotechnology pipelines are increasingly shifting towards novel 
modalities such as peptides, antibody drug conjugates and oligonucleotides.  Industry estimates 
indicate that these advanced modalities now account for over 40% of clinical pipelines and are 
growing at a materially faster pace than traditional small molecules, reflecting their ability to 
address complex disease targets. This is dri ving demand for partners who can offer integrated 
end-to-end capabilities across these platforms. 
 Anticipating this shift and building on our existing capabilities in biology and biotherapeutics 
discovery, we have invested ahead of the curve in strengthening our capabilities in these 
modalities. During the quarter, we commenced operations at our state -of-the-art antibody drug 
conjugate discovery laboratory, which is designed to support early -stage research. This facility 
complements and integrates with our existing antibody drug conjugate development and 
manufacturing capabilities, enabling a seamless pathway from discovery through to scale-up and 
production. 
 Turning now to our CDMO business. We are encouraged by the acceleration we are seeing in 
our pipeline buildup. In our Unit 3 biologics facility in Bengaluru, we have seen increased client 
interactions from large pharma and emerging biotechnology companies  during the quarter. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Commercial manufacturing in biologics is inherently a long -cycle business, where client 
engagement typically begins with process research and development, followed by development 
work, clinical batch production and ultimately, commercial supply. Within this framework, we 
are seeing encouraging interest in our integrated capabilities, supporting a healthy pipeline 
across different stages of the value chain. 
 At our Bayview biologics facility in the United States, preparations are progressing well, and 
we are actively engaging with prospective customers as we move toward operationalization of 
the site this year.  
Stepping back to reflect on the full year, I will emphasize again the key structural balance we are 
addressing between the headwind related to Librela and the steady growth of the underlying 
business.  
Over the course of the year, we have taken several important steps to strengthen our mid and 
long-term positioning. A key highlight was the extension of our long-standing partnership with 
Bristol-Myers Squibb now extending through to 2035. This expanded agreement broadens the 
scope of our collaboration across the drug development life cycle, spanning discovery, 
translational sciences, pharmaceutical development, manufacturing and clinical research and 
reflects the depth of trust built up over many years in this collaboration. 
We have also continued to invest in enhancing our manufacturing capabilities. In our small 
molecule platform, we commissioned a new commercial scale facility for liquid -filled hard 
gelatin capsules, strengthening our oral solid dosage capability and enabli ng us to support 
increasingly complex formulations with much greater precision and reliability. 
 In our large molecule biologics platform, and as I have touched on earlier, we've expanded our 
Bengaluru facility with the addition of a GMP bioconjugation suite, enabling fully integrated 
end-to-end manufacturing of antibody drug conjugates. This capabil ity brings monoclonal 
antibody production and GMP bioconjugation into a single site, helping accelerate development 
timelines while complementing our existing strengths in payload and linker manufacturing. 
 Turning to our commitments towards Syngene's ESG and sustainability framework , this 
continues to be an important area of focus for Syngene, and I'm very pleased to advise that we 
were included in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2026, placing us among the select 
group of leading companies globally and among the top 10 in the life sciences sector. We were 
also recognized by TIME Magazine and Statista as one of the world's most sustainable 
companies, ranking number 1 in India's pharma and biotechnology sector and amongst the top 
20 globally. 
 In summary, our diversified and integrated business model across research services and contract 
manufacturing continues to provide resilience, balance and opportunity. Supported by strong 
client relationships, investments in emerging modalities and expand ing global capabilities, we 
believe we are well positioned to meet evolving customer requirements and capture 
opportunities across the value chain going forward. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 Looking ahead to the next year, and as Kiran has outlined, while we are guiding towards a 
broadly flat performance for the full year, we do expect Q1 to have a more pronounced adverse 
impact of Librela destocking. Thank you, and I will now hand over to Deepak to go through the 
financials in a little bit more detail. 
Deepak Jain: Thank you, Peter. A very good afternoon to everyone. Let me begin by discussing the fourth 
quarter's performance, and then I will cover the full year results. First, looking at revenue. 
Revenue from operations for the fourth quarter was INR1,037 crores, a 2% increase year -on-
year in reported terms. Revenue growth, however, was impacted by the ongoing destocking issue 
related to Librela I've spoken earlier as well. 
 Turning to costs. Raw material costs were at 22% of revenue in this quarter compared to 23% in 
the same quarter of the previous year, driven by mix -- business mix changes. Staff costs 
increased by about 19% year -on-year. Other direct costs primarily comp rising of power utility 
expenses increased 17% year -on-year due to new facilities at Bayview in the U.S. and the 
biologics facility in Bangalore. Other expenses decreased by 9% year -on-year due to our cost 
optimization initiatives. The company saw a hedge loss of about INR21 crores against a hedge 
loss of INR4.6 crores in the same quarter of the previous year due to the difference between 
average and spot hedge rates. The movement in revenue and costs resulted in operating EBITDA 
of INR303 crores with a margin of 29% for the quarter versus 34% in the same quarter last year. 
 Depreciation increased by 5% year -on-year, in line with our plans and due to the addition of 
capacities at the biologics manufacturing sites in Bangalore, which became operational this year. 
Interest expense declined by 24% as borrowing reduced in Q4 '26 compared to the same quarter 
last year. Other income increased by 18% compared to Q4 last year, primarily due to higher cash 
and equivalent balances. 
 Overall, profit after tax, but before exceptional items stood at INR153 crores, down 16% year-
on-year. As you know, the government of India has recently notified the 4 -labor codes 
consolidating the 29 existing labour laws. During the quarter, we reassessed the impact of the 
new labour codes, which resulted in a gratuity remeasurement credit of INR20 crores net of tax. 
Moreover, expenses of about INR25 crores net of tax were recognized under exceptional items 
related to termination benefits extended to employees in accordance with an approved policy. 
Adjusted for these exceptional items, reported profit after tax was INR148 crores, down 19% 
year-on-year. The normalized effective tax rate for the quarter was 24.2% as compared to 23.7% 
in the same quarter last year due to change in profit mix across the units. 
 Now moving to capex. We continue to invest in building capabilities and technologies that 
enable us to become an integrated solution provider for our clients. During the fourth quarter, 
we invested $10 million – around 50% in research services primarily across capability build and 
contractual obligations and dedicated centres, along with regular maintenance capex. Nearly 
40% of the capex was in CDMO business. The remaining capex was towards digitization, 
automation and common infrastructure.  
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet after meeting our capex spends for the quarter. 
We have a net cash balance of INR1,800 crores as of 31st of March 2026. 
 Turning to the full year performance. Reported revenue from operations increased by 3% year -
on-year. Raw material cost was at 25% of revenue in FY26 compared to 26% last year, driven 
by business mix changes. Staff costs increased by 14%. Our direct costs primarily comprising 
of power and utilities increased by 6% and other operating costs increased by 6%.  Operating 
EBITDA margin stood at 25% for FY26 and profit after tax before exceptional items was 
INR380 crores, down 20% year-on-year.  
As we look ahead, we will continue to invest in technology platforms and enhancements, 
digitization and automation and strengthen our presence in new modalities like peptides, ADCs 
to build on our strengths. With that, I suggest we open up for questions. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. The first question is on the impact from Librela. If 
you could quantify, let's say, if we remove Librela both from FY 2025 and FY 2026, then how 
would our FY 2026 growth and profitability look like? 
Deepak Jain: So, Kunal, let me take that. If we remove Librela from both the years, we have grown as we've 
always called out. Underlying growth is in single digits . And the impact of Librela is a 
culmination of what you see in the numbers. 
Kunal Dhamesha: With Librela also we have grown 3%, right? 
Deepak Jain: Yes. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Like with Librela impact, right? And the single digit would be mid -single digit or high -single 
digit? 
Deepak Jain: It's high-single digits. We don't break that down right now. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay. And in terms of profitability, would it have improved between FY25 and FY26 without 
Librela? 
Deepak Jain: I mean the overall profitability has declined and the impact of Librela is a factor into that as well, 
plus the business mix changes. That's one. Secondly, our facilities have come online as well, 
right? The Bangalore facilities come online. That has impacted the profitability as well this year. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay. And let's say from FY27 guidance perspective of flat revenue, what is being built for 
Librela supply? Are we expecting it to move to zero in that guidance or we're expecting a gradual 
decline? 
Deepak Jain: We expect, as Peter alluded a little bit that the coming quarters, quarter 1 and quarter 2 will have 
almost no Librela. There is some minor Librela volumes towards the end of the year, but that's 
about it. Most of the Librela impact will be done in this first 2 quarters. And Librela, as of now, 
we have no incremental revenue plans for Librela beyond one small amount in the last quarter. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure. And in terms of the current quarter, with costs related to Bayview facility fully baked in, 
in terms of -- because we -- last time we had suggested that the hiring is ongoing. So, is it fully 
baked in Q4 or there is more cost which can come? And if you could also highlight the total drag 
from both these facilities, Unit 3 and Bayview on the current P&L on a quarterly basis, that 
would be helpful. 
Deepak Jain: So, Kunal, on the Unit 3, we've capitalized it as we said in the beginning of the first quarter of 
FY26. And the impact therefore is -- of the people, et cetera, and all the costs are coming into 
the P&L. The impact of Bayview is only partially coming into the P&L . We have not yet fully 
capitalized the facility. So, we will come and update you about Bayview's capitalization and the 
plans forward. 
Kunal Dhamesha: But it would be baked into that mid-20s EBITDA margin guidance, right, for FY27? 
Deepak Jain: Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from PhillipCapital India. 
Surya Patra: Congrats for the positive surprise number what you have delivered in the fourth quarter. Sir, just 
wanted to understand compared to the guidance what we had given in the third quarter where 
we have been saying that there will be kind of underperformance b oth in terms of revenue as 
well as on the margin front. But this quarter turns to be kind of a strongly positive quarter to that 
guidance. What really caused this positive surprise in terms of operating performance? 
Deepak Jain: Surya, we did guide towards a full year number. Obviously, that had an implication of what the 
quarter looks like. We were able to churn out improved revenue for the quarter, but by only a 
marginal amount, right, not a major change. In terms of figures our full year numbers have come 
more or less in line with what we have said in terms of our constant currency forecast or guidance 
that we've given. 
If you look at margins for sure, we continue to be more efficient and be more frugal on our costs. 
That's what's led to an improved margin versus what we guided it to be. And therefore, margins 
have shown an improvement, and we'll continue to hold the margins as we've guided. 
Surya Patra: Okay. See, I just wanted to also understand whether any revenue booking from the clinical trial 
activities or services, whether that is visible in this quarter? If not, any outlook that we are 
separately giving for the clinical trials activities that we have added as a new vertical for FY27? 
Deepak Jain: Clinical trials, Surya, if you remember, we said we were always being present in clinical trials, 
right? What we guided in quarter 2 was a win that we had on a global trial. Now the global trial 
is going to pan out over a few years as what we had said earlier as well. And therefore, what you 
do see in this year – this quarter and coming years as well that there will be clinical trial revenue 
that will bake into the numbers. It's an ongoing business. We're definitely focusing more on that 
business, but the revenue continues to flow this quarter and in the coming year. 
Surya Patra: Okay. Sir, regards, since it is the fourth quarter and closure of the year, so can you share what is 
the revenue split between the CDMO and CRO? And if you can also give some colour on how 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
you are looking at these 2 businesses for next year, while the strategy is what you have guided, 
but since you have also mentioned the environment in the CDMO space is improving, so what 
outlook we should be baking in for CRO and CDMO separately? 
Deepak Jain: Yes. So, in terms of this year, we had about, as I said, typically two-third towards the CRO 
business, one-third towards the CDMO business. That mix as what we had seen until quarter 3 
continues to be the mix that we're seeing in quarter 4 as well, so broadly two-third, one-third. 
We are anticipating that to be directionally in line for even the next year. So, you would continue 
the split to be almost similar. There will be minor changes as we continue to evolve through the 
year. But broadly two-third, one-third is what you can take for your modelling purposes for the 
moment. We will keep updating as we evolve. 
Peter Bains: I would like to add to what Deepak just said. In the Q4, there was a slide that said that 41% came 
from CDMO and 59% came from the research services business. So that's an indication. 
Surya Patra: Okay. That is really helpful. Just one more thing. See the capabilities that we have been building 
either in terms of the peptide ADC or hard gelatin capsules along with the capacities also that 
we are -- we have acquired or built up. So, is there any gestation period that we should consider 
about or -- so like is there any gestation period then only we will see -- start seeing kind of 
revenue or earning implication out of those? 
Deepak Jain: So, I'll start and probably I'll draw in Peter's views as well on this. Typically, when we have 
these capacities that we build up on the CDMO space specifically, right? And you saw that a bit 
in Unit 3 as well. Before we take the site, we've got to get it into qualification stages. We've got 
to do some trial batches runs and then we get into regulatory approval structures, right? 
Typically, they do take 12, 18, 24 months depending upon the nature of the site, the state of 
readiness of the site itself when we bought it as well. 
So, you would expect -- you did see what happened in Unit 3. It took us almost 18 -odd months 
to get it operational and capitalize the site. We would expect the initial trial runs, et cetera, on 
Bayview to also go through. And then in the coming year, we shoul d start seeing some 
engineering batches, et cetera, come through and capitalization once we get the regulatory 
approvals, for which we can't really comment on the timeline right now. 
Peter Bains: Surya, let me add to Deepak's comments and speak a little bit about the capability enhancements 
in the areas like hard gel capsules and antibody drug conjugates and peptides, where we are 
building new capabilities, and we're building capabilities that stre ngthen existing capabilities. 
And we would expect here to look to, for this to contribute towards the pipeline build that Kiran 
referred to in her opening remarks and contribute towards the exit in '27 on a growth trajectory 
and then looking to '28 to see more sustained growth as we clear the Librela impact at the end 
of '27. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kunal Randeria from Axis Capital. 
Kunal Randeria: Sir, question is on Section 232 tariffs where around 100% levy will be on patented pharma 
products and the ingredients. So, don't you think this can slow down future order contracts for 
CDMO players? 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Peter Bains: Kunal, our assessment of the tariff impact on Syngene is it will be negligible as both the service 
industry and in the product supplies that we make and supply to our customers. So, we are not 
anticipating any material effect of tariffs on Syngene's business. 
Kunal Randeria: Great, sir. So, you say even after this announcement, you're still getting RFPs from your 
prospective customers? 
Peter Bains: Yes, we are. 
Kunal Randeria: Great. Okay. The second question is on your contract with Bristol -Myers that was extended till 
2035. It seems to be a bit more expansive, a bit more extensive than last time. So, is the wallet 
size bigger? 
Peter Bains: So, I mean, again, this is a very important component of our business. It's our largest collaborator 
and a unique construct, 28 years now in terms of legacy and looking forward now a 10-year 
future horizon. I think it's really -- the time horizon enables strategic thinking. And of course, if 
we look at the market outside and developments in these new modalities that we've discussed . 
And of course, the implications and the evolution of AI into discovery and development, it really 
allows the parties, Bristol -Myers Squibb and Syngene to think strategically, and that includes 
some of the expansions that we discussed in opening remarks in a reas that we will look to 
collaborate. 
 But it really provides that strategic framework so that we can plan in the mid and the longer -
term to support Bristol -Myers Squibb as they evolve their pipelines and portfolios. So that is 
really the real strength of the extension of the collaboration – providing a decade horizon going 
forward so that Syngene can really look to support Bristol's strategic outlook as it builds its 
pipeline and its portfolio going forward. 
Kunal Randeria: Right. So that obviously should translate into higher revenues than what you have received from 
Bristol in the past, yes? 
Peter Bains: I don't think we can comment in any short -term horizon there. Obviously, if you look at the 
history of this relationship over the course of years, it has grown, but this is already a substantial 
business in scale and growth will not be linear in that sense . I think it will grow around U.S. 
inflation at some level. But its expansion going forward will be determined by the nature of the 
strategic outlook and the new areas of expansion and opportunity. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Avnish Burman from Vaikarya Change LLP. 
Avnish Burman: I had a question around the cost increases that you might be witnessing because of the Middle 
East conflict, could be raw material, could be utility pricing. I just wanted some qualitative 
colour on how your contracts are structured both on the CRO side and on the CDMO side. How 
easy is it to pass on these cost increases to the customers or how difficult it is, as the case may 
be? 
Deepak Jain: So typically, these are different contracts with different clients. The nature of the contracts 
depends on the need of what we are trying to service and also depends on the nature of the 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
molecule and conversation or the support that is required, right? So, it's not one size fits all. It 
also depends upon the conversation of the long-term horizon of the contract that we get into. 
So, it's not a straightforward answer of saying are all contracts which have elements of cost that 
we pass through or not. I think it depends upon the nature of the conversation and the services 
that we are providing. I don't think there's a straight answer to your question. 
Avnish Burman: Okay. Again, I mean, if you just bifurcate your business into CRO and CDMO, is your answer 
true for both these businesses? Or is there one business where it's relatively easy to have those 
kind of conversations with the clients? 
Peter Bains: Let me maybe also add in here. I mean the implications of what's happened are evident as 
everyone can see. I'll start by saying that there have been no disruptions to the continuity of 
service and supplies on Syngene's ongoing business. That has been navigated by the team very, 
very successfully and obviously in conjunction with our partners. Of course, there have been 
some cost increases that we've seen in some areas and some of them, as you will know, that 
there's been a little bits of spikes in some of the prices. 
 There are 2 things here. We don't know how long this will go on and to what extent it may 
continue. We are obviously reengineering distribution and logistics, and we're obviously looking 
at costs, and we're, of course, talking to our customers and collabo rators. But as Deepak said, I 
think there is not a one -size fits-all answer to this, and it will be customer -by-customer and 
contract-by-contract. 
And they are also looking at how we reengineer the logistics and the supply chain. And they are, 
of course, also aware of some of the cost implications there. But I don't think there's any material 
impact that we're considering at this point in time. And we 'll have to wait and see how this 
resolves going forward. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Just between January and now you're reporting in April, we have cut our EBITDA margin 
guidance for the full year to 22%, 23% and we delivered 25%, right? And now when we look at 
our guidance for next year, it seems to suggest flat margins. So, I'm just a little confused with 
respect to the EBITDA margin guidance. I think on revenue, we have probably met full year 
guidance for fiscal '25, '26. But just the push and pulls because we just cut guidance and then 
now, we actually beat our guidance. 
So, is there something that was supposed to happen that got postponed into, say, fiscal '27 that 
has led to this cost change? Or was there a mix issue? If you could explain just what happened 
in 2 months? 
Deepak Jain: So, 2 parts to it, Shyam. One, for sure, the product mix is a big factor of what made the big swing 
into our margin structures, right? There was an assumption of what our product mix would be 
and the cost structures related to that product mix in terms of raw materials, the people that will 
get engaged and so on and so forth. That went through a bit of a shift, and that was a positive 
shift in that direction. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Obviously, there's some bit of also cost that's gone into the exceptional items as well that's also 
led to that change. So, 2 major contributors right now. One is the product mix change or the 
services that we had anticipated or the revenue mix that we had anticipated went through a 
change and then some bit of the cost went into exception items as well. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it. So, Deepak, just from a forward-looking perspective, right, is it getting difficult for you 
to estimate corporate margins? Has something changed? Do we still have the aspiration to go 
towards the high 20s, maybe 30% margins? Do you think that overall -- I'm not asking for a 
specific year, but is there a path to going back? Or you have now moved to a slightly lower 
trajectory of what margins can be? 
Deepak Jain: So, Shyam, 2 things. One, for sure, we've guided you towards the mid -20s even for the next 
year, as Kiran mentioned. That's definitely taking into consideration how we expect the 
utilization curve on our sites that we have bought in recent past that's going t o come up. But 
more importantly, we've always mentioned in the past as well that as the utilization curves on 
the sites improve, we do expect the margin profile to improve as well. Aspirationally, for sure, 
we definitely want to improve the margins. But as of now, we're guiding only for the year, and 
we're guiding it towards the mid-20s as called out earlier. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it. And my last question, just going back now on revenue. So, when we look at fiscal '24 
revenue was $418 million, fiscal '25 was $430 million. Now we are $419 million in '26, and we 
are guiding for flat growth. But I'm just saying when does it get higher, right? Is there -- what 
needs to kind of get us back on a growth path on revenue? I know we have done a lot of 
investments ahead of time. But what could be the major triggers for a revenue growth to also 
restart? 
Peter Bains: Shyam, let me respond first and then Deepak can come in. Getting back to more sustainable 
growth and to higher growth levels is clearly the direction that we're looking to build Syngene. 
The Librela headwinds have clearly had material impacts last year '2 6. And as we've outlined, 
we will continue to have effects through '27, and those are now absorbed in the guidance 
framework that Kiran outlined. And we would expect to end '27 on a growth trajectory and the 
Librela effect will then have washed out. 
 And in a way, '27 represents a sort of resetting of the baseline. And then with the investments 
that we've made in the modalities and the capabilities that we're building and with the maturation 
of the pipelines that we're developing on the commercial sid e, we would expect to see those 
begin to play through and look beyond '27 for a more sustainable and higher growth trajectory. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: Shyam, maybe I should add to what Peter and Deepak have just said. We are really focusing 
also on our CDMO business, which we think will give us more aggressive and sustainable 
growth. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Harith Ahamed from Avendus Spark. 
Harith Ahamed: So, my first question is on the partnership with Zoetis. Zoetis has a follow -on molecule to 
Librela, it's called Lenivia – I was just wondering if Syngene has any role in the supply chain 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
for that product, given Zoetis already has a European approval and they're expecting U.S. 
approval shortly. 
Peter Bains: So let me take that. And at this point, we do not have any participation in the follow-on molecule 
going forward. 
Deepak Jain: I mean just to add on to that is we did some bit of clinical work for them. But in terms of ongoing 
commercial production, we are in conversation, but nothing beyond that right now. 
Harith Ahamed: Understood. Sir, my second question is on the research services side of the business. Firstly, if 
you could give some colour on the mix within research services today. You talked about in one 
of your slides about discovery services, translation services, and clinical trials. And just trying 
to understand the mix as well as some of the macro headwinds that you called out in term s of 
biotech funding, how we should think about the impact of these challenges on each of these 
verticals. 
Peter Bains: Harith, we don't call out quantitatively the split. But of course, chemistry, which is the legacy 
foundation of Syngene is the biggest part of the business. Biology and now biotherapeutics, 
where we believe Syngene is very well placed in India as a lead p layer supports that. And as 
we've said, our translation and clinical services are at a lower starting point, but we are seeing 
some encouraging opportunities here for growth. 
So it is, I think, the balance -- the large balance is chemistry and supported biology and 
biotherapeutics with translation and clinical research a smaller part. But going forward, we 
would expect all 3 legs of that stool in Discovery Services to look to g rowth and where I think 
we can see growth in all 3 cylinders or all 3 legs of that stool. 
 I think in biotherapeutics there is a very clear opportunity of differentiated capability, 
differentiated services playing into a high -growth part of the contract research market. And of 
course, as we've discussed in previous calls, the translation and cl inical research business is 
looking at significant expansion going forward over the coming years as clinical trials pick up 
in India and as the translational capability plays into discovery capabilities more broadly. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Alankar Garude: Peter, in your discussions with clients, how are they assessing the impact of AI on drug 
discovery? And how are you gearing up for any shifts in the business model as well as activity 
levels? 
Peter Bains: Sure, Alankar. Obviously, a very important question. I think it is very clear to everybody that 
the implications of AI in discovery, in development and in manufacturing will be profound. I'm 
not sure what the timeline is and how it will land. But already, we are seeing rapid changes in 
the evolution. 
And I think Kiran touched on this in her opening remarks, the application of AI to improve 
timelines, which are obviously critical -- of critical importance to all our clients and collaborators 
to improving predictability through modelling to reduce risk through enhanced predictability . 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
And fundamentally to enhance innovation with AI applications that can look to find new targets 
and to look to enhance validation of these targets. 
 In development -- and in clinical development, we're already seeing applications of AI that will 
help all the aspects of the clinical side in patient recruitment, in data management and so forth, 
in translational sciences as these elements enhance the predictability of drug discovery. We will 
see applications of AI in there. And of course, in manufacturing, we're already working with 
digital twins to enable us to enhance our ability to manage and optimize manufacturing. 
 So, Alankar, I think it is clear that there will be profound implications of AI. And from Syngene 
side, again, we've been investing in new capabilities there. We have a team of AI scientists who 
are looking at the application of algorithms and so forth to enhance our service offerings and to 
create value to our customers. And of course, with our customer base, we're working in this 
arena with many companies. 
So, I think the shorter answer is, it is going to change profoundly discovery, development and 
manufacturing and that Syngene is moving and accelerating its capabilities to enhance 
differentiated service value creation to our customers in that field.  Kiran, you may want to add 
something in on this. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: No, I think what you said is adequate because I think these are important times and points of 
inflection, but I think what you have said is fairly well covered. 
Alankar Garude: That's very helpful, Peter. Kiran ma'am, the second question for you. You have now come into 
an executive role at Syngene after a long time. There is also a new team led by Siddharth, Abhijit 
coming in from Biocon Generics. Can you take us through what prompted these decisions? And 
did you at any point in time, evaluate an external candidate? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: So first and foremost, I think this plan has been in place for some time. In fact, Peter has also 
been part of taking this decision. We did believe that we needed the full-time presence of a CEO 
in India because I think it's very important to get into CDMO operational excellence – CEO 
needs to have a very close oversight in such businesses. 
 And because Siddharth is someone who has played a very important role at Biocon, who 
understands the CDMO business because Biocon is very much involved in that kind of 
manufacturing operations. It was something that we felt was the right thing to do. Abhi jit, of 
course, also comes with a very strong experience of commercial and business development 
capabilities - where he has actually built a number of partnerships, a number of collaborations. 
And as you know, both Abhijit and Siddharth have played a very important role in building 
various partnerships, whether it is the Viatris partnership, whether it was the Pfizer partnership, 
whether it was the Cuban partnership and many others. 
 So, I think they are both very, very experienced and comfortable with building partnerships and 
collaborations, and we believe that services business is about building these partnerships and 
relationships. So, I'm someone who has worked with them very closely for over many, many 
years. Obviously, I'm happy to be back to take Syngene through this very exciting time.  And 
this is a team I'm very familiar with, and I'm very confident that we will reset and rebuild the 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Syngene model in all the particular areas that we spoke about. And Peter has done an excellent 
job of being that interim CEO. And I think we now believe that Syngene is in very good hands. 
Alankar Garude: Sure. That's very helpful, Kiran ma'am. And with your permission, one final question. Deepak, 
you spoke about the cost efficiency measures helping margins. There is also a termination 
charge. Can you just take us through some of these cost rationalization initiatives and where are 
we in this journey? 
Deepak Jain: So as called out in the notes as well, Alankar, this is termination benefits of rebalancing the 
organization. If you see the people cost, you will see the cost going up, but that was the 
investments that we made in the people at the beginning of the year. And then there was some 
rebalancing in some parts of the organization that we needed to do. So, it is an impact that we've 
taken into the financials as termination benefits. 
And that's what you see as the cost implication . I really won't comment beyond that right now 
in terms of how it's going to play out in the future. But the margin structure is what we've 
commented upon, and we're going to probably hold on to the margin guidance that we've given. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen,  that was the last question for today. You can get in touch 
with the Syngene team for any further questions.  On behalf of Syngene International, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 