SOURCE: inputs/concalls/Concall_Nov_2025_Transcript.pdf | pages=16

===== PAGE 1 =====
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Syngene International Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY 2026 Financial Results Conference Call” 
November 06, 2025 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PETER BAINS – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SYNGENE INTERNATIONAL 
LIMITED 
 MR. DEEPAK JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SYNGENE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 MS. NANDINI AGARWAL – SYNGENE INTERNATIONAL 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Syngene International's Second Quarter and 
H1 FY 2026 Fina ncial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nandini Agarwal. Thank you, and over to you. 
Nandini Agarwal: Thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. Thank you for joining us on this call to discuss 
Syngene's second quarter and half year results for FY 2026. To discuss the financial and business 
performance for the period, we have on this call today Mr. Peter Bains, Syngene's Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Deepak Jain, Chief Financial Officer. After the 
opening remarks, Peter and Deepak will be happy to answer any questions you may have. 
 Before we begin, I would like to caution that comments made during this conference call today 
will contain certain forward -looking statements and must be viewed in relation to the risks 
pertaining to the business. The safe harbor clause indicated in the in vestor presentation also 
applies to this conference call. The replay of this call will be available for the next few days and 
the transcript will be made available. 
 With this, I would now turn the call to Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Peter Bains. 
Peter Bains: Thank you, Nandini. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us in this call today. 
Let me begin with a brief overview of our key financials for the quarter and the first half of the 
financial year, before I move on to operational and strategic  highlights. I'll then hand over to 
Deepak, who will provide a more detailed breakdown of the financials. 
 Revenue from operations for the quarter stood at or INR911 crores, up 2% year-on-year and up 
4% sequentially. Operating EBITDA was INR200 crores, a decline of 18%, with an operating 
EBITDA margin of 22%. Reported profit after tax was INR67 crores, down 37% year-on-year, 
with a 7% PAT margin. The second quarter performance was characterized by 2 key dynamics. 
Firstly, maintained momentum in research services; and secondly, the anticipated inventory 
correction in biologics manufacturing. 
 First half revenue from operations was up 6% and, at the midway stage of the year, our 
performance is being in line with our expectations. Historically, Syngene's performance in the 
second half has been stronger than the first half of the year, which we expect to be the case this 
year. And on that basis, we are maintaining our full year guidance. Deepak will provide more 
financial details in his remarks shortly. 
 Let me now turn to some of the business highlights, and start with research services where we 
saw sustained growth momentum. I'm also pleased to share that in this quarter, Syngene has 
been awarded our first global Phase III clinical trial by a U.S. -based biotechnology company. 
This trial will recruit patients across clinical sites both in India and the United States. 
===== PAGE 3 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 This is an important milestone and reflects our growing capability in managing large, complex 
global trials. We see the clinical trial market opportunity as an important driver of Syngene's 
growth in the mid and longer term, and we are investing to strengthen our capabilities and reach 
accordingly. 
 To that end, we have also expanded our clinical trial footprint across Australia and New Zealand, 
the U.K. and Eastern Europe through strategic partnerships with established CRO players. These 
collaborations will build on and strengthen our capabilities in  early-stage healthy volunteer 
study, first-in-human studies and patient-based clinical trials. 
 Along with our translational and clinical research platform in Bangalore, these partnerships will 
help us meet the increasing demand from global customers and regulators to include diverse 
patient populations in their Phase II and Phase III trials. 
 In the CDMO market, we are continuing to invest in and build on our strength in fast -growing 
new modalities, including antibody drug conjugates and peptides. In this regard and building on 
our experience in antibody and small molecule discovery and develop ment, we are now 
expanding our biologics facility in Bengaluru with a GMP bioconjugation suite. This will allow 
us to offer fully integrated services for antibody drug conjugates, from discovery through to 
GMP manufacturing. 
 And this will place us amongst the select group of CDMOs with full -service ADC capabilities. 
The suite will enable monoclonal antibody production and GMP bioconjugation at the same site, 
accelerating ADC development time lines. Importantly, the facility is capable of supporting a 
wide range of advanced conjugates and related modalities and is expe cted to be operational 
within this financial year. 
 Turning to peptides. In quarter 1, we had commissioned a dedicated peptide laboratory at our 
Bengaluru facility, expanding our discovery capabilities in this area. We are now planning to 
enhance this capability with a larger scale GMP peptide facility in Mangalore. With this facility, 
we will be able to partner with our customers in peptides from discovery through to clinical and 
now commercial scale supply, enhancing our ability to serve clients across the full development 
cycle in this fast-growing area. 
 In our Bangalore biologics facility, Unit 3, we are pleased to advise that we have now 
operationalized and are supplying GMP clinical material to a U.S. biotechnology collaborator. 
And with our Bayview facility for monoclonal antibody manufacturing in the United States, we 
are on track with our preparations to commence operations in the second half of the year. 
 With those highlights, I will now hand over to Deepak, who will take you through the financials 
in a little bit more detail before the Q&A. 
Deepak Jain: Thank you, Peter. Very good afternoon to everyone. Let me begin by discussing the second 
quarter performance, and I will cover the first half and the guidance before I close my 
commentary. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 Revenue from operations remained in line with expectations for the second quarter at INR911 
crores. This marks a 2% year-on-year growth in reported terms, down 3% in constant currency 
terms. Sequential growth quarter-on-quarter was at 4% in reported terms. 
 This quarter saw research services continuing its year-on-year growth trajectory, led by volume 
improvements in discovery business. CDMO business was impacted due to inventory 
adjustments in biologics manufacturing, which we explained during the start of t he year. Our 
small molecule CDMO saw growth in the quarter led by formulations. 
 Now turning to costs. Raw materials accounted for 26.2% of the revenue from operations, largely 
in line with the second quarter of last year at 26.6%, supported by a lower mix of CDMO 
business. We expect the full year raw material cost to be around 25%. Employee costs increased 
by 13%, in line with the net increase and the investments in talent. 
 Other costs, primarily comprising of power utility expenses, increased by 4% year -on-year due 
to the new facility at Bayview and biologics facility in Bangalore. Other expenses increased by 
8% year -on-year as we continue to invest in automation, digitizati on programs to deliver 
increased speed and productivity. 
 Our company saw a hedge loss of INR11.8 crores against a hedge gain of INR4.3 crores in the 
quarter of the previous year due to difference between average and spot hedge rates. The 
movement in revenue and the cost resulted in 18% year -on-year decline in operating EBITDA 
with margins of about 22% in the quarter versus 27% in the last year. With FY '26 being a 
transient year, our full year margins are expected to be in the mid-20s as guided earlier. 
 The increase in depreciation is primarily due to addition in capacity as the biologics 
manufacturing in Bangalore, which became operational this year. EBIT from operations was at 
INR83 crores, down 38% year-on-year, due to increase in depreciation costs. Reported interest 
expense remained flat compared to the same quarter last year. Other income declined by 7% 
compared to Q2 last year, primarily due to interest income on income tax re ceived last year, 
which was not there in the current year. 
 Reported effective tax rate for the quarter was 21% against a 23% same quarter of last year, due 
to the change in mix in the units that we have. We expect the effective tax rate for the full year 
to be around the 21% to 23%. Overall profit after tax before  exceptional items stood at INR67 
crores, down 37% year-on-year. . 
 As the market evolves and new technologies emerge, we continue to invest in capabilities and 
capacities to drive the future growth. capex spend for the quarter stood at $10 million. Around 
50% of the capex was invested in research services, primarily across capability builds, including 
DMPK automation, ADC labs and contractual obligations in dedicated centers. 
 Nearly 30% of the capex was in the CDMO business for new formulation facilities and small 
molecules and modifications of the manufacturing facility at Bangalore and the Bayview facility 
in U.S.A. The remaining of the capex was spent on digitization, automation and common 
infrastructure. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, which enables us to effectively navigate through 
industry cycles. After meeting the capex spend for the quarter, we have a net cash balance of 
INR1,018 crores as of 30th September 2025. 
 Our first half performance was also in line with our guidance. Reported revenue from operations 
increased by 6% year -on-year. Raw material cost was down by 3%, driven by a revenue mix. 
And staff cost increased by about 14%. 
 Our direct costs, primarily comprising of power, increased by 3%, and other operating costs 
increased by 15% as we continue to invest into expansion of our facilities and capabilities, 
including automation and digitization that I spoke of earlier.  Operating EBITDA margin stood 
at 23% for the first half, compared to 25% last year. PAT before exceptional items was down by 
4% year-on-year to INR154 crores. 
 Finally, let me say a few words about guidance. We advised in April about FY 26 being a 
transient year on a reported basis and, in constant currency, we guided to a mid -single-digit 
growth on revenue. We also guided towards a mid -20s EBITDA margin and a de clining path. 
We continue to hold our guidance for the full year. 
 We continue to expand in new areas such as peptides, ADCs, augmenting our capabilities into 
the fast-growing new modalities. With our new biologics facilities at Bangalore and the Bayview 
facilities getting operational later in this year, our focus will be  executing in line with our 
strategy, which we believe will position us for further growth in the medium and the short term. 
 With that, I would like to open it up for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much.  We'll take our first question from the line of Kunal Dhamesha: from 
Macquarie. Please go ahead.  
Kunal Dhamesha: Congratulations on getting the clinical trial contract for the U.S. market. So the first question 
pertains to the contract. I mean what type of capabilities have you set up in the U.S. market for 
this? And how are we differentiating from the existing playe rs in this space such as IQVIA, I 
believe, provide clinical trial solutions? And how does the economics of these kind of projects 
work? That will be the first question. 
Peter Bains: Thank you, Kunal. I'll start with the reverse, and Deepak may want to add something. So again, 
let me step back, because this is an important milestone to Syngene, it's our first Phase III global 
clinical trial. And it builds on our preexisting strengths i n the clinical trial in India, which is 
becoming, I think, a greater focus for global clinical trials, and it builds on our collaborations 
with established CROs in other geographies, including the United States. And as I said in my 
opening remarks, we've now extended that into Europe and Australia and New Zealand. 
 So we're building on existing capabilities and we're leveraging our collaborators, CROs, in the 
United States in order to recruit patients, undertake all the analytics, etcetera, required in this 
study. As you would expect, we very recently signed this, th e economics of this trial will be 
spread out over the 3 years. And the bulk of that will come in FY '27 and '28, as the trial picks 
up and so forth. Kunal, does that answer your question? 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Yes, partially. I wanted to understand more about how does these kind of projects fare in terms 
of the potential, let's say, revenue upside versus the typical research projects that we take, not 
just for this particular project, but how does clinical proje cts fare against, let's say, the 
commercial manufacturing or the services project that we take and just from the business angle 
perspective? 
Deepak Jain: So Kunal, let me just try and help understand -- or let me help understand the answer to those 
actually. When we look at our clinical trials, right, it's actually a business that's growing for us. 
It's in an industry segment that's growing. It's evolving a s we speak. We've got a first clinical 
trial batch, right? And that's the first global clinical trial batch. 
 I think at this stage, I would rather refrain from commenting upon how it compares to our 
business and our margins across each of the businesses because we typically don't break down 
our businesses, right, in terms of margin structures. But it's an area that we believe has got a lot 
of potential. There is a good traction and growth that we're seeing. And we look forward to 
seeing more information on this as we share with you in the coming quarters. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay. That's helpful. Second one, on the ADC and peptide, where we are having capacity, so 
what kind of visibility have we got there to kind of utilize the strategies that we are adding in, 
that if you can provide some color there? 
Peter Bains: Yes. I mean we do have visibility here and the cost of the traction. And very clear in a longer 
lens, the antibody drug conjugate market is expected to grow substantially over the coming 
decade and more as we look at the pipelines of our customer base and the utility of combining 
the targeted effectiveness of the monoclonal antibody with a directed payload and the 
requirement for conjugation. 
 So again, we are building from a position of strength in our historical expertise on monoclonal 
antibodies, our historical expertise in small molecule chemistry for the payloads and our growing 
capability in linkage. Putting all of this in 1 site to create a differentiated capability for integrated 
antibody drug conjugates. The development, and we do have existing partners and, of course, 
we're looking to expand that and build on that going forward. It's a very important area of growth 
for us. 
Kunal Dhamesha: And lastly, if I may just squeeze in. I think that press release mentions recovery in biotech 
funding, we have seen some green shoots there. And our research service anyway has done 
decently well in the first half. So do we expect meaningful acceleration i f the biotech funding 
comes back in the second half from here on? 
Peter Bains: Sure. I mean we are seeing the same picture. We're seeing an encouragement -- encouraging 
improvement in VC funding with the biotechs. Syngene has a substantial early discovery 
capability and biotechs are an important part of our customer mix. 
 I will note that the underlying research services growth has remained robust. But a tailwind with 
an increasing venture capital flow into early-stage biotech will just add another layer of growth 
opportunity on to our preexisting momentum in research servi ces. It's encouraging. We're 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
obviously tracking it. And of course, we hope that that trend continues and we'll see something 
more like a full recovery in the VC biotech funding going forward. 
Moderator: We'll take a next question from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Just the first one on the split of the revenues. I think in Q1, you've disclosed some either large 
molecule, or if you're doing a CRO versus CDMO, if you could kind of give us that for the 
quarter and for a year ago, please? 
Deepak Jain: So our research services has been about 67% and 33% is the manufacturing or CDMO business 
for this year. Last year same period was about 63% versus 37%, right? So there's a higher growth 
in the research services than in the CDMO business for us. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Sorry, Deepak, I'm -- there was some disturbance. So 67% of CRO versus 63% last year? 
Deepak Jain: Yes. Yes. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Okay. No, I was just trying to get the numbers right. And this is Q2 versus Q2, right? Not H1 
versus H1, something like that. It's just Q2. 
Deepak Jain: Q2 versus Q2. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Okay. So that clearly shows that -- I can do the math later, because I'm not able to see the number 
in front of me. So research services has grown positive growth, I would imagine, higher than 
whatever the quarterly growth is, right? How does this now pan into the second half per se? Do 
we continue to see -- what are some of the leading indicators on the services that gives you the 
confidence that we can keep this momentum going? 
Deepak Jain: Shyam, we don't typically break down the forecast by these segments, but we're maintaining our 
guidance for the quarter -- for the year. And we want to stick to that. We wouldn't break down 
the forecast by quarter and by the business... 
Shyam Srinivasan: Understood. Not to worry. So let me then flip the question around. So we have seen, again, I 
think the manufacturing services decline. And is it largely led by just the destock of, say, the 
biologic? Or is there maybe core business, if you were to separate that out this quarter over last 
quarter, how do you think that is progressing? And anything that you want to add on what's 
happening at the Mangalore API plant? 
Deepak Jain: So let me answer the question for you. We are -- we did call out a slowdown in our large 
molecules because of the inventory correction. And we're seeing that play out. Nothing beyond 
that as what we had anticipated should have happened for the year is happening, right? 
 So it's more or less the way I would take it is no surprises yet, and our CDMO business is 
impacted by the inventory correction, which is what was playing out. We saw that starting from 
this quarter more than what we saw in the previous quarter.  In terms of -- sorry, I missed the 
second part of your question. You had one more part to it, right? 
Shyam Srinivasan: No, no, Mangalore API plant. So I'm talking about small molecules... 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Deepak Jain: Sorry. On the small molecules, we did mention of the fact that we're seeing the utilization levels, 
and we don't call out the ac tual level, but we're seeing the trend lines on the utilization levels 
improve. We like the trend lines. Is there more to be done so that we get optimal? I think yes, 
we continue to hold that point. But yes, we are seeing more and more traction. In fact, the peptide 
facility that we spoke of earlier in the conversation is something that we are putting up at the 
Mangalore plant. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it. Last question, Deepak and team, just on our overseas facilities, the acquisitions that we 
have done, how are they tracking either in terms of recruitments, also in terms of the pre -op 
expenses? When do we think monetization starts? 
Deepak Jain: So we had guided towards second half of this year for us to start operations in the Bayview site. 
We are on track to do that. Things going as planned. The recruitment is happening. We are going 
as per what we have planned it to be. 
 The dates or periods of monetization, obviously, once we get the site operational, it will need to 
do some trial batches, etcetera. But we still continue to hold to our guidance around the second 
half of this year for the site to become operational, and things going on as per track. 
Moderator: We'll take our next question from the line of Harith Ahamed at from Avendus Spark. 
Harith Ahamed: I see a write -off of around INR28 crores related to unrecoverable receivables in the footnotes. 
So trying to understand under which line item this is recorded in the P&L? Is this entirely a one-
off, nonrecurring item? 
Deepak Jain: Yes, it's a one-off. It's a nonrecurring. And it's sitting in other expenses. 
Harith Ahamed: Okay. Got it. And on the Bayview facility, you noted in your comments about commissioning 
the facility in the second half. And then we're also hearing about a lot of push from the U.S. 
administration towards local manufacturing. So do we expect the ramp -up in the order book to 
be faster than our initial expectations? And then if you had any conversations with clients, any 
takeaways from those? And also, any update on the order book, how that's shaping up at Unit 3? 
Peter Bains: Okay. I'll take that one, Harith. Thanks for the question. On the Bayview facility, what we're 
seeing in the United States and, of course, it moves around a bit, but clearly there is a push from 
the administration to localize manufacturing for the U.S. -- in the U.S., and that very much plays 
to our site being located in Baltimore. 
 We have numerous discussions going on with potential clients and customers, but I think I'll 
revert to Deepak's guidance, which is everything that we set out in terms of preparation time 
lines remains very much on track. And we are looking forward to commence commercialization. 
But that will, as Deepak guided also, that will be initial batches, qualification batches and so 
forth. We are on track to do that before -- in the second half of this year, and then we would look 
to see the ramp-up coming through later. I think that's in good shape and on the same time line. 
 With regard to Unit 3, Bangalore biologic facility, as I said in my remarks, we're very pleased 
that that is now operational and we are supplying GMP clinical supplies to a U.S. biotech. Of 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
course, that's just the start. We have more to do, and we'll look to build on that going forward. 
And one of the implications of that, that Deepak spoke to in terms of that now operationalizing, 
creates the depreciation that Deepak spoke about in his remarks. 
Harith Ahamed: Just a quick one on the Phase III clinical trial contract that we won. So given that this is a new 
foray and, so far, we have largely focused on B&B studies and early stage trials, does this foray 
entail some investments from our side to get into these large Phase III trials? 
Peter Bains: So the patient recruitment, Harith, will be split between India, where we already got a well -
established platform capability with strong connections into the hospital networks and with the 
appropriate investigators. In the United States, we'll work with a collaborator and, operationally, 
of course, we will work with them. 
 So in terms of investment, incremental, nothing significant here. And we'll operationalize it, I 
think, before the end of this fiscal. But as I said in response to one of the earlier questions, we 
see the bigger economics of this global trial flowing through in fiscal '27 and '28. It's a multiyear 
trial, and we would expect the economics to flow and reflect that. 
Moderator: We'll take the next question from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Alankar Garude: Just a follow-up on the clinical trials as well. I wanted to understand what prompted the decision 
to get into this? And we have had a minimal presence in this over the last many years. Just in 
terms of timing, what exactly was the factor which prompted th is decision to get into a larger 
presence within clinical trials now?  And maybe a second question there is from a regulatory 
standpoint, particularly in India. Do you think the overall environment is now more conducive 
to conduct global clinical trials? 
Peter Bains: So let me start, I'll do the first question first, I may ask you to repeat the second half. On the first 
one, what's prompted this. Syngene has had clinical trial capabilities for well over a decade and 
more, but those have been largely focused on human volunteer and early-stage trials. The Indian 
hospital capability and quality has dramatically improved over the last 10 to 15 years and now 
provides a substantial platform to access patients for clinical trials. 
 And the investigator network in India has also, I believe, significantly sort of advanced and the 
capability and quality is now really strong. And a lot of companies are looking and, indeed, so 
are the regulators, including diverse patient population bases  in their later -stage trials toward 
approval. 
 So I think there have been sort of fundamental dynamics that have underpinned the emergence 
of the Indian clinical trial platform and access to patients. Syngene has been evolving along that 
and has now very strong networks and collaborations both with hos pital groups and with 
investigators across a wide range of therapeutic areas. And very clearly, the interest in engaging 
and accessing Indian capabilities and the Indian patient population is increasing. 
 So we're looking to move with that dynamic in India. And we believe that with the capabilities 
and platform strengths that we've developed in India working in collaboration with select CROs 
in other geographies, as I described in my remarks, that that is a  natural expansion for us into a 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
very large market opportunity. So the fundamentals are right. Syngene is very well placed to 
capitalize on this as an Indian -based CRO, both to access the Indian hospital and patient 
populations and through partnerships to expand into global clinical trials. 
 Alankar, please repeat your second part of the question. 
Alankar Garude: So the second one, Peter, was on -- from a regulatory standpoint in India, do you think the 
environment is now more conducive? Because there have been challenges in the past. Has 
anything changed as far as the regulatory environment for clinical trials in India is concerned? 
Peter Bains: I think the answer is, directionally, yes, and clearly, yes. And I think there are also encouraging 
signs that the regulatory environment in India will continue to sort of improve in terms of ease 
of doing business and the speed of doing business. 
 And again, I think those are dynamics that are -- the wider global customer base sees and are 
important in playing into decisions to increase their engagement of the Indian hospital 
investigator and patient access to complement their global capabilities. So definitely, Alankar, I 
think the answer is yes, and we look forward to more regulatory improvements to help accelerate 
that opportunity. 
Alankar Garude: Helpful, Peter. The second one is, can you comment on the peptide facility you spoke about in 
Mangalore? More details in terms of the investment it entails, how much capacity you are 
looking to create? Is this more of restructuring of your existing facility or it's more brownfield? 
Possible to share any such details? 
Peter Bains: Yes, I can expand a little bit. It will build on what I said earlier and I think some of Deepak's 
comments. As you know, we have been into peptides and early discoveries for some time and 
we strengthened that with a very contemporary facility installation earlier this year. In 
Bangalore, a discovery peptide laboratory, which enhanced our capabilities in peptide synthesis, 
in purification, in characterization, with multiple synthesizes. 
 Very, very, obviously, again, the peptide global market opportunity, which is, of course, led by 
GLPs, has been explosive in the nature of its growth. But behind the front end of that with GLPs 
into diabesity and so -- to diabetes and obesity, there is a v ery wide and deep range of clinical 
programs exploring the utility of peptides well beyond diabetes and obesity. 
 And that provides, I think, for us, a very attractive opportunity. And in order to enhance our 
capability to engage and to grow into that, and building on the discovery capability, want to 
establish facility, and this will be in Mangalore, which increases our scale and enables us to go 
into clinical scale and into commercial scale. 
 I mean this is not commercial scale at the GLP level, but it will be commercial scale on -- in 
other areas. And it takes us from a toehold to a foothold. And then from there, I think we'd be 
looking to build on that as well. It's a very good example of an area of opportunity, a very fast-
growing modality with peptides where we're building on our preexisting capabilities and 
enhancing them to enable us to access and grow into this fast-growing market opportunity. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Alankar Garude: And possible to share details, Peter, investment, until how much capacity you're looking to 
create, time lines as well? 
Peter Bains: No. I mean, Alankar, I think I can give a little bit on that time line. I think this is -- we will build 
it this year, and it will come into operations next year. In terms of scale, this will enable us to 
move into clinical and into commercial. And it will  complement our preclinical and discovery 
capacities that exist in Bangalore. But we're not going to sort of disclose any more details on 
that at this stage. 
Moderator: We'll take the next question from the line Madhav Marda from FIL. 
Madhav Marda: I have a very basic question. This global Phase III clinical trial which we are doing, could you 
just, like just very basic, help me understand what is the source of revenue for Syngene? Will 
we be generating revenue from helping recruit for the trial itself and also supply sort of the trial 
quantities from our facility? Or how does it work? Sorry, maybe a very basic question. 
Deepak Jain: It's a nature of a service contract as well, right? So we would do the trials on patients and generate 
revenue through the client that asked us to do the trials. 
Peter Bains: Madhav, let me build on that a little bit. I mean as Deepak said, this is a service contract that 
we'll enter with a client customer. And of course, it will be built around the patient numbers and 
the analytics that we will do in terms of the samples and the follow-up and the reporting and so 
forth. But it's basically a contract service around the scale and the scope of the clinical trial being 
conducted. Very standard format. 
Madhav Marda: Okay. So is that linked to the new biologics facilities that you are setting up? It's not linked to 
supplying some quantities from there and it gets linked to that. This is a separate business... 
Peter Bains: Yes, yes. It's a separate business altogether. They're not linked. 
Madhav Marda: Okay. Understood. And I just want to understand that on the Stelis unit as well, which we 
acquired some time back, any comments on the ramp -up time lines there? That was part one. 
And secondly, on the Zo etis sort of the contract as well that we have. When do we expect the 
like -- when does the destocking end? When do we expect the supplies to restart for that project? 
Deepak Jain: So Madhav, on the first question on Unit 3 ramp -up. We just said we commissioned the site in 
May, it became operational with all the regulatory licenses in May. We started doing clinical 
batches now, and we supply 1 GMP clinical batch to a client in U.S. A nd we're now starting to 
see the ramp-up of that shape up, right? 
 In terms of -- sorry, the second part of your question was? 
Madhav Marda: The large molecule destocking, yes. 
Deepak Jain: Yes. So we did speak about the destocking happening in this year, and that's what gave us the 
guidance of what we've done -- what we've got for FY '26. We continue to hold on to the 
guidance. We saw the impact of destocking happening in the quarter 2. That was in line with our 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
anticipation or our expectations as well. And we're working with the client to ensure that it's 
going as what we had anticipated it to be. 
Madhav Marda: Would it be fair to understand that this can come back in fiscal year '27, or that's yet to be 
discussed and confirmed? 
Deepak Jain: I wouldn't be able to comment much upon that because it's a little -- for us, we are providers of 
the services and the products that the clients ask for. We receive an order, we fulfil the order 
based on the forecast that we get. And we've got a forecast which allowed us to give you the 
guidance that we've given, and we're holding on to the guidance right now. For the years beyond, 
we'll come at the right time. And when we talk about FY '27, we'll guide on to that as well. 
Moderator: We'll take our next question from the line of Chirag Dagli from DSP Investment Managers. 
Chirag Dagli: Sir, is there an expansion of your role with the innovator on the animal health biologic product? 
Are there more such products? Because at that time, you had also talked about more products 
for the same clients. So just how should we think about that oppor tunity even while this 
destocking sort of continues? 
Peter Bains: So let me address that question. So I mean we are, as Deepak said, we're obviously ongoing 
discussions with the client with regard to the commercial product that we are supplying. And we 
do have additional discussions with them on potential additional opportunities. And in the wider 
lens in animal health, we have a number of ongoing dialogues which could come to fruition there 
as well to complement our clear focus on human health. So we continue to explore all 
opportunities in that regard, and that includes existing clients and future opportunities. 
Chirag Dagli: Is this like a near-term event, Peter, as in next 12 months kind of an event, the expansion of the 
product portfolio for the client? 
Peter Bains: Can't really guide at that level. We'll, as and when these things mature and materialize, we'll 
update accordingly. But we have a wide range of discussions ongoing, and as and when they 
mature, we'll update. 
Chirag Dagli: Understood. And the second one was on the -- while I understand you won't give an FY '27 
outlook, but when I look at history, typically you've never had more than 2 years of single-digit 
growth, and FY '26 will be the third year of single-digit growth. Typically, that has been followed 
with a very strong following year. Is this the kind of expectation you want investors to go back 
with just looking at history last 15, 20 years? 
 It looks like after couple of years of single -digit growth, you've come back fairly strongly, 
especially in context of the last 3 years which have had soft growth, but you've continued to 
invest in capacities as well as capabilities. So just in that contex t, some color around, without 
getting into numbers, some color around FY '27 outlook should be helpful. Because if I look at 
history, clearly looks like FY '27 and '28 should be very strong years. 
Deepak Jain: Chirag, let me answer the question a little differently. When we came at the beginning of the 
year, we said we have a single digit -- mid-single-digit growth that we are guiding towards. And 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
we did also call out that that mid -single-digit growth was driven by a one -off inventory 
correction by one of our clients. And we'd said underlying growth still continues to remain robust 
and is strong, which is what we hold because we are holding our guidance. 
 In terms of -- you're absolutely right, we continue to be on our strategic path of investing into 
the right capacities and capabilities as we see right. And we continue to do that. We continue to 
follow the path. Now I will not be able to comment upon how '27 and '28 will pan out to be. 
We've always come and given a guidance at the right time, and at the right time, we'll come and 
talk about '27, '28. 
Chirag Dagli: Just a follow-up on that, Deepak, is there any reason to believe this time around it is different? 
Deepak Jain: This time around for the history... 
Chirag Dagli: This time versus history. Yes, yes. . 
Deepak Jain: Well, all I can say, I can comment only upon this year and this year's guidance and what we've 
told you how it shapes up. I do not want to correlate a history and then do a forward projection 
on that, Chirag. Apologies for that. I'd like to just stick to t his year and the guidance that I've 
given. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Surya Narayan Patra from PhillipCapital India. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Most of questions have already been answered, but I will try to understand a bit more on the 
clinical trials opportunity. So is it the reactivation of... 
Moderator: Mr. Patra, your voice is sounding muffled. Please go ahead. 
Surya Narayan Patra: So the only question was about the clinical trial operation. I think it's the reactivation of the old 
Clinigene business, what we used to have. And if it is yes, so how extensive this business will 
be, whether it will be like all toxic studies also along with the human clinical trial material supply 
and with the real trials? 
Peter Bains: Sorry. Surya, again, I'm not sure I got the whole question, but a part of it was, is this Clinigene 
evolved? And in that, if that was the question, I think this is a substantial evolution of the 
Clinigene platform of many years ago, and it's being built ar ound a platform on translation and 
clinical research, where we think putting translational capabilities along with clinical affords us 
the opportunity for a differentiated service in an area of extreme importance to our customers. 
 As they seek to take their drug candidates and derisk them through translational science now, 
which is a very wide -ranging suite of capabilities and tools that will enable, for example, 
biomarker studies to identify suitable patient populations for the clinical phase. 
 So this bridge between preclinical drug candidates and clinical candidates inside patients is a 
bridge of extreme importance to our customers, and we are building a platform of capabilities to 
support them across that bridge. And as I said, translational c apabilities will be very important 
in a sort of integrated, joined up and end -to-end capability, to then enhance the clinical profile 
output. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
 It's a very exciting area for us. It's an area of extreme importance to our customers as they look 
to bridge their drug candidates into human studies and ensure that those studies, protocols, 
designs and patient populations are optimized against the biological target and the diseases that 
these drug candidates are designed for. 
 So it's a very much enhanced, elevated and advanced platform capabilities. And maybe you're 
talking about evolve with the Clinigene where it was centered around the human pharmacology 
unit doing studies for generic companies. It's trans formatively shifted from that, and we will 
continue to build on it. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Okay. Sir, what resources that we would have created to attract this kind of business opportunity? 
And let's say, over a longer period of time, let's say, if you consider a 3-year period, how big this 
opportunity can be for the entire company like Syngene? 
Peter Bains: So I mean, I think I said in my opening remarks and to the answer to 1 or 2 other questions, we 
see the translation and clinical research part of our business, which today is a relatively small 
part of our business, as an area of strategic growth opportunity. And we're very excited with the 
award of our first global clinical trial, as I described earlier, and we're looking to build on that. 
And I think the outlook is very positive for this. 
 I mean we are not in a position to give any quantitative forward guidance or outlook. I mean 
what is very, very clear is that the translational and the clinical trial space on the global CRO 
landscape is a large part of the market opportunity, and it remai ns a fast -growing part of that 
opportunity. 
 And we believe that we've built and we'll continue to enhance the platform capability that will 
enable Syngene to engage in that market opportunity in a differentiated way and with the 
opportunity to access the market opportunity and create a strong growth driver for our business 
in many years to come. That's the nature of the opportunities, Surya, at this stage, but we're not 
going to give any more characterization on quantification. 
Surya Narayan Patra: So just last one, so whether this China plus one is also a kind of a trigger here in the CTO? 
Because China was the biggest market for the CTOs. So is China plus one even kind of a big 
driver for clinical opportunities for Indian players, and hence, the mo ve that we are seeing for 
Syngene? 
Peter Bains: Sorry, the question is breaking up, so I don't think I'm hearing it properly. 
Deepak Jain: Is China plus one a driver for us on clinical trials?  
Peter Bains: So the clinical trials, Surya, the question was, is China plus one a driver for us on clinical trials? 
The answer is no. That's not a factor in our consideration at this stage, and we clearly look at the 
global market opportunity more broadly than that. 
 And it's not a driver in any of our decision -making. The decision-making around consolidating 
a capability, bridging preclinical and clinical to include translation sites in the suite of 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
capabilities that I've just described was taken on the basis of the global market opportunities it 
stands. 
 And there was no consideration of a China plus one component to that.  The global market 
opportunity is very significant. We're starting our play in that market, and we're very excited 
about the opportunity. 
Moderator: We'll take our next question from the line of Aditya Khemka from InCred Asset Management. 
Aditya Khemka: A couple of questions. First, on the overall return on equity profile for the company, directionally 
has been a double-whammy of lower asset returns and even lower PAT margins. If you can sort 
of share your outlook considering you have invested roughly $200 million over the last 2 years. 
How do you sort of place your incremental capital allocation to improve this? And if you can 
share what kind of investments are you looking over FY '26 and '27. These are the first questions. 
Deepak Jain: So completely with you in terms of us going ahead and investing and that having an impact on 
the return on capital. But our investments that we've made have been conscious decisions of 
building capacity in businesses that we are seeing growth in. In my previous conversations, I've 
always mentioned that we look at investments in twofold. 
 One is capacity and capability. And we continue to strategically invest as we deem right into 
areas, into modalities, into capacities, right? In the last few years, we've invested into our 
biologics capacities. 
 We would always appreciate the fact that these capacities have a gestation before they ramp up. 
And even in the guidance that we've given for both our biologics facility in Bangalore and the 
Bayview facility, we said we will get to an asset turnover in a 3 to 5-year time horizon. And we 
did call that, in this transition, there will be an impact that will come to our margins and our 
returns. 
 We believe the investments that we are making is strategically the right investments to make, 
and helps us look at opportunities to capitalize on in the near and the long-term horizon. In terms 
of the impact on margin that you just mentioned, I think, as I said, we continue to hold the 
guidance for this year. We continue to rationale the fact that the guidance of this year of the mid-
20s on EBITDA and a declining PAT for this year was al so transient in the nature and, more 
importantly, it was also driven by the one-offs that we are seeing in the business. 
 So I think if I was to zoom out and look at this situation, our returns on capital right now seem 
a little muted. But the fact remains is that it is an investment into the future, which always will 
have a gestation period. I'll pause and check if Peter has any comments. 
Aditya Khemka: Got it. Can you call out the capital investments that you're looking to do over the next 2 years, 
in absolute number? 
Deepak Jain: So I will -- as I said, we typically guide for a year at a time. And right now, we've not guided for 
anything beyond '26. For '26, we've guided to a $ 45 million of capex investments with an 
incremental $10 million of capex investment going into our Bayview facility as well. So we're 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Syngene International Limited
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
holding on to that for the moment. Any incremental changes to the guidance for the future period, 
we'll come to you at the appropriate point in time when we guide for the years forward. 
Aditya Khemka: Got it. And the last question is, you can correct me if I'm wrong, the human clinical trial business 
margins are typically lower than the general drug discovery business. Is that true, or it should -- 
it would be fair to make that inference? 
Deepak Jain: The way I look at this is we do not break down our margins and we do not call out our margins 
by business yet. And therefore, I do not want to speculate for this moment. As I said, we are 
very pleased with the first global trial that we've got. 
 We want to capitalize on a market that's growing, and a real focus right now in growing that part 
of the business, which Peter alluded to the fact that it's gone through a significant evolution and 
we see a great potential as the ecosystem in the country i s also building up and supporting the 
growth that we have. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we'll take that as the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nandini Agarwal: for closing comments. Over to 
you. 
Nandini Agarwal: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call today. And any further questions you have, you can 
get in touch with the team. Thank you, and have a good day. Bye. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Syngene International Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 