SOURCE: inputs/concalls/Concall_Jan_2026_Transcript.pdf | pages=17

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
“Syngene International Limited 3rd Quarter & Nine Months FY 
2026 Financial Results Conference Call” 
 
January 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PETER BAINS – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, SYNGENE INTERNATIONAL 
LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SYNGENE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MS. NANDINI AGARWAL – SYNGENE INTERNATIONAL 
LIMITED 
  

===== PAGE 2 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Syngene International ’s 3rd Quarter  and Nine 
Months FY 2026 Financial Results Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nandini Agarwal. Thank you and over to you. 
Nandini Agarwal: Thank you and good afternoon to everyone. Thank you for joining us on this call to discuss Syngene’s 
3rd Quarter and Nine Months Results for Financial Year 2026. 
To Discuss the Financial and Business Performance for the Period, we have on this call today, Mr. 
Peter Bains, Syngene’s Managing Director and CEO and Mr. Deepak Jain, our CFO. 
After the opening remarks, Peter and Deepak will be happy to answer any questions you may have. 
Before we begin, I would like to caution that comments made during this Conference Call today will 
contain certain forward-looking statements and must be viewed in relation to the risks pertaining to 
the business. The safe harbor clause indicated in the investor presentation also applies to this 
conference call. The replay of this call will be available for the next few days and the transcript will 
be made available. 
With this, I would now turn the call to our Managing Director and CEO – Mr. Peter Bains. 
Peter Bains: Thank you, Nandini. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us in today’s call. 
I will begin with a  brief overview and commentary of our key financials for the quarter and for the 
first Nine Months of the Financial Year before I move on to our operational and strategic highlights. 
I will then hand over to Deepak, who will provide a more detailed breakdown of the financials. 
Let me start by addressing the numbers: 
For the 3rd Quarter, revenue from operations declined 3% year-on-year to Rs.917 crores. Operating 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.209 crores, with a margin of 23%, while profit after tax before 
exceptional items was Rs.73 crores. 
On a nine -month basis, revenue from operations increased 3% year -on-year to Rs.2,702 crores. 
Operating EBITDA for the period was Rs.615 crores, with a margin of 23%, while profit after tax 
before exceptional items stood at Rs.227 crores. 
===== PAGE 3 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
I would now like to discuss the key underlying dynamics that have shaped this performance 
delivery and profile: 
The key variable impacting our 3rd Quarter performance has been the ongoing impact related to a 
single commercial stage product from our largest large molecule biologics customer. We have 
mentioned this impact to you previously during our interactions this year. 
Outside this singular matter, our underlying business performance has shown steady progress, 
which I will now outline: 
As Syngene operates across two business segments -- Research Services and Contract Development 
and Manufacturing Services -- and this includes both large and small molecules. Across both these 
segments, our underlying growth has remained steady during the quarter. 
Our research services business continues to secure new customers and contracts across chemistry, 
biology, translational and clinical research platforms. 
In our CDMO business, we are seeing increased capacity utilization in both small molecules and 
large molecules as we attract new customers. 
Let me now draw your attention to some of the quarter’s business highlights: 
Firstly, I am delighted to advise of the extension of our relationship with Bristol Myers Squibb, which 
remains our largest and we are now supporting Bristol  Myers with over 700 scientists in Bangalore 
and our longest standing partnership now extending more than 25 years . We have extended our 
collaboration with BMS through to 2035, providing both partners with a strategic 10-year horizon to 
further develop and expand this unique long-standing collaboration. 
Consistent with our strategy, we are continuing to invest in strengthening our scientific capabilities 
and manufacturing technologies in areas that improve our ability to grow our business and to support 
our customers with differentiated services. 
During the quarter, we expanded our advanced chemistry capabilities at Hyderabad with new 
catalytic screening and flow chemistry laboratories. These facilities allow multiple reaction 
conditions to be evaluated parallel, improving speed, efficiency and scalability. 
We also commissioned a new commercial -scale facility for liquid -filled hard gelatin capsules, 
significantly enhancing our oral solid dosage platform. 
With this facility, we are now better equipped to support complex oral formulations that are becoming 
increasingly common in modern drug pipelines. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
At our Bayview Biologics facility in the United States, process and equipment validation are now 
complete and hiring is underway to support operations as planned. 
In summary, and notwithstanding the single product impact I have described, our differentiated 
scientific capabilities, long -standing client relationships and diversified business model across 
research services and CDMO continue to provide resilience, bala nce and growth.  These strengths, 
combined with disciplined investments in technology, AI and new capabilities and capacity, position 
us well to strengthen our service proposition to our wide and growing customer base. 
Thank you and I will now hand over to Deepak. 
Deepak Jain: Thank you, Peter. A very good afternoon, everyone. 
Let me begin by discussing the 3rd Quarter ’s performance and then I will cover nine months 
performance and finally the guidance before I close my commentary. 
First, looking at revenue: 
Revenue from operations for the 3rd Quarter  was Rs.917 crores, a 3% year -on-year decline in 
reported terms and down 7% in constant currency. 
Let me elaborate on the numbers: 
This quarter saw steady performance in the research business led by volume improvement and 
discovery services. Revenue headwinds and CDMO continue to be the driving force by ongoing 
impact related to a single commercial product from our largest large molecule biologics customer. 
Now, let me turn to costs: 
Raw material costs still at 25% of revenue in this quarter, similar to same in the last quarter. We 
expect full year raw material costs to be around 25%. 
Staff costs increased by about 8% year -on-year, in line with the annual increase and the investment 
in talent. 
Other direct costs, primarily comprising power utility expenses, increased 2% year -on-year due to 
the new facilities at Bayview in the US and the biologics facility in Bangalore. 
Other expenses increased by 5% year-on-year due to general business expenses and automation and 
digital initiatives. 
Our company saw a hedge loss of Rs.23.3 crores against a hedge gain of Rs.1.7 crores in the same 
quarter of the previous year due to difference between average and spot hedge rates. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Revenue for the quarter was hedged around Rs.86.9. However, the average spot rate during the 
quarter was around Rs.89.4. 
The movement in revenue and costs resulted in operating EBITDA of Rs.209 crores with a margin 
of 23% in the quarter versus 30% in the last year. 
Depreciation has increased in line with our plans and primarily due to addition in capacity at biologics 
manufacturing sites in Bangalore which became operational this year. 
EBITDA from operations was Rs.95 crores with margins of 10%. 
Reported interest expense declined by 4% as borrowing reduced in Q3 FY26 compared to the same 
quarter last year. 
Other income declined by 16% compared to Q3 last year primarily due to one -off related to interest 
on income taxes received last year, which was not there in the current year. 
As you will know, the Government of India has recently notified the four labor codes consolidating 
the 29 existing labor laws. This resulted in an exceptional item of Rs.58 crores net of tax due to 
impact of change in gratuity liability under the Labor Code. 
Overall, profit after tax but before exceptional items, stood at Rs.73 crores down 44% year-on-year. 
Reported PAT was Rs.15 crores, down 89% year-on-year. 
The normalized effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.8% as compared to 22.2% similar quarter 
last year. We expect the effective tax rate for the full year to be around in the range of 21% to 23%. 
In terms of CAPEX: 
We continue to invest in building capabilities, technologies that enable us to become an integrated 
solution provider for our clients. During the 3rd Quarter, we invested a total CAPEX of around $9 
million. Around 50% was invested in research services primarily across capability builds including 
DMPK biology, ADC labs and contractual obligations in dedicated centres along with regular 
CAPEX expansion. Nearly 35% of the CAPEX in the CDMO business including for a new 
commercial scale facility for liquid filled h ard gelatin capsules, integration of Bayview facility and 
the modification of Unit-3. The remaining CAPEX was spent on digitization, automation and towards 
common infrastructure. 
We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet.  After meeting CAPEX spends for the quarter, we 
have a net cash balance of Rs.902 crores as of 31st December 2025. 
Turning to the nine-month performance: 
===== PAGE 6 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Reported revenue from operations increased by 3% year -on-year. Raw material cost was down by 
3% driven by revenue mix and staff cost increased by 12%. 
Our direct cost, primarily comprising of power utilities increased by 3% and other operating costs 
increased by 11% as we continue to invest into expansion of our facilities and capabilities including 
automation digitization that I spoke of earlier. 
Operating EBITDA margin stood at 23% for the nine months of FY26 compared to 27% last year. 
PAT before exceptional item was down 22% year-on-year to Rs.227 crores. 
Finally, let me turn now to the guidance for the year: 
With the ongoing single product impact in our large molecule business, we are revising our guidance. 
We expect to close the full year with a decline in revenue in the range of 3 % to 5% with operating 
EBITDA margin in the range of 22% to 23%. Our CAPEX is estimated to be around $45 million by 
the end of the year. 
With that, let us open it up for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: We will now begin the question -and-answer session. We will take a first question from the line of 
Kunal Damesha from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Damesha: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. The first question is on the impact on the biologic product  which 
was announced in this quarter and seems an impact in previous quarter as well, but a s the year goes 
by, how do we expect the impact of this in Q4 and how are we getting from the F Y27 prospect, 
demand comes back here, are there other drivers which basically help us grow from within our CMO 
business? And also, if you could provide a broad split between the CRO and CMO business this 
quarter, that would be helpful? 
Peter Bains: Thank you, Kunal. Let me address the questions and Deepak add something. Let me deal with the 
second one first, and that is the split between our research services and CDMO , about two-thirds 
research services, one -third CDMO in this quarter, that  is a slight adjustment reflecting the single 
product impact that we are having, but that is the balance that we have. Turning to this single biologic 
product where we have been advising of the impact through this year, obviously, we expect to see 
this impact continue and play itself out in the next quarters and the coming quarters , and the impact 
that we are now experiencing is now being included clearly in the fu ll-year guidance. It would be 
inappropriate for me to comment in any detail on the product itself without our collaboration partner. 
So, I think that is as far as we can guide at this point. 
Kunal Damesha: Sorry, I just missed a moment in between. You expect the impact to continue in the next year or are 
you just guiding for the next quarter as of now? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Peter Bains: Well, we expect the impact to continue in the coming quarters, and then it will play itself out through 
the coming quarters, but it will go beyond Q4. 
Kunal Damesha: And then any offsets that we see which can help us with the growth in the CDMO business in terms 
of the pipeline, projects? 
Peter Bains: Yes, Kunal, and I touched on it in my opening remarks and I am happy to expand. If we strip out the 
impact of this single product and look at what is happening across our business, what we see is 
growth, and what is encouraging is that growth is across our division.  So, we take the impact out of 
our manufacturing platform. We are seeing increased capacity utili zation, both in small molecules 
and in large molecules, and we  are seeing that translate in the quarter into some growth. In our 
research services, as we look at that across chemistry, biology, translational science and clinical, we 
are also seeing growth.  Now, our focus is very clearly to look to accelerate that growth in order to 
compensate for this singular issue that we  are facing with our largest large molecule customer, and 
that will be the focus going forward, and our growth can be broad-based, and I think this is a strength 
of Syngene’s model in that it has diverse capabilities across a wide range here. So, looking for growth 
and filling up pipeline and capacity in small molecules and large molecules and looking to accelerate 
the growth that we  are seeing in our research services. So, very clearly, that is the focal point of 
management going forward. 
Kunal Damesha: Sure. And a second question is for Deepak. Of the Rs.70 crores impact on the new labor code, how 
much of the impact we expect to see continuing in the future quarter? 
Deepak Jain: You are talking about the exceptional item, Kunal? 
Kunal Damesha: Yes, exceptional item. 
Deepak Jain: So, Kunal, the way it is, as the labor code has just got introduced, the institute has given us a guidance 
of taking that provision into play, the notifications are still coming out. We are looking and keeping 
ourselves close to it. As it progresses, as it evolves, we will get to update our financials accordingly. 
It is early days, but we have taken basis the best judgment what we have right now. 
Kunal Damesha: Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Deepak Jain: Thank you. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Hi! Thank you for taking my question. Just the first one on the revenue splits between CRO, CDMO, 
if you could give us the broad percentages and also a year ago? I am assuming CRO is growing. So, 
just some qualitative color on what is driving that growth. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Deepak Jain: Sure. So, we had two-third, one-third is what Peter had called out earlier as well, that is the split that 
we have. It is broadly the same as what we had last year as well ; it was around 65, 35. So, we  are 
kind of holding almost similar. The point, Shyam, is the fact that because of that one product impact, 
we are seeing a change in a bit of the business mix.  But, if we were to look at or strip that out, as 
Peter was mentioning earlier, the underlying business continues to grow and continues to  grow in a 
steady progress. So, to that extent, the baseline and foundations seem stronger. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Deepak, it will be helpful because if I use, how do we strip the riser at double-digit growth, because 
very difficult, right, since we are not sharing what that call-out is? 
Deepak Jain: Sure. No, so I understand that, Shyam. So, the way I would call it out is, it  is high single-digit, low 
double-digits is where I would keep it in the ballpark. So, if I was to strip out the growth of - 
Shyam Srinivasan: You are talking about extra special opportunity, you are calling out the growth in CC terms is what, 
sorry? 
Deepak Jain: If I was to exclude the one-off product, right, that is impacting and giving us the headwinds, the rest 
of the business is growing in high single-digits, low double-digits in constant currency terms. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Okay. That is helpful. And do you want to give some color around CRO versus CDMO there, 
excluding that business, which is growing fast? 
Deepak Jain: Excluding CDMO business? Excluding CDMO business also, we are growing very well. 
Shyam Srinivasan: No, no, Deepak, excluding that one-off, I am just saying, if you can spli t the CDMO also, how has 
the CDMO business done? 
Deepak Jain: So, I am only able to give you right now, Shyam, the growth as a total business. The growth split s 
by CDMO and CRO, I am not at the position to say that right now. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it. Helpful. And a second question is just on the guidance. I presume this is a constant currency 
guidance, right, sorry, if I am…3% to 5% decline now? 
Deepak Jain: Yes, yes. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Okay. So, still implies a pretty weak  4Q I would imagine.  I do not know how do we use the rupee 
conversion there, but it still would mean a, my guess, my guess, sequential decline in Quarter 4, 
which is not typically how it pans out historically? 
Deepak Jain: The rupee has been fairly volatile. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Peter Bains: Yes. Shyam, we will expect the single product impact to continue in Q4, and we will be looking to 
offset that with the growth that we  are seeing in the rest of the business, which Deepak has 
characterized. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it. And just lastly, again, maybe since we do  not know the percentages exactly, when I just 
punched in the two -third, one-third for CRO, even CRO has shown weakness, like, fla ttish kind of 
growth YoY. So, I thought the narrative was CRO is improving, biotech funding improving, so, just 
some qualitative around what is happening to the discovery business? 
Deepak Jain: So, the entire research services business that we spoke of, right, is growing year -on-year, right? So, 
I probably do not understand the modeling that you have. Maybe we should have a look at that. But 
the point remains is my research services is growing and doing well.  Our investments in chemistry, 
biology, translation are putting us on a good steady growth. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: We take our next question from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: Hi, thank you for the opportunity and good afternoon, everyone. The first question, when we had our 
second quarter call in November, you had mentioned mid-single-digit top-line growth guidance and 
constant currency terms , and now you  are talking about a 3% to 5%  decline. So, just trying to 
understand, in the last few months, the funding environment has actually improved. So, what exactly 
has driven this sharp change in the guidance for FY26? 
Deepak Jain: So, Alankar, as I said, there  is not much of a change in the way we had our view to the business 
beyond that one single product. The base business and the underlying growth that we spoke about 
continues to remain robust. It is more than expected impact that we  are getting from the one single 
large molecule product that  is actually having an adverse impact into  what we had guided and 
therefore, needing for us to make that change in guidance. 
Alankar Garude: So, were we expecting, Deepak, any sales from this molecule in the second half, which were not 
there in 3Q and will not come in fourth quarter? 
Deepak Jain: We were expecting a certain quantum of volumes to come into us from the product, but it  has been 
slower than what we expected. 
Alankar Garude: Got it. And just one clarification on that. When Peter was answering the earlier question regarding 
this product, I think we missed out a few things.  So, can you please help repeat that? I think Peter 
said, expect impact to continue in the coming quarters. Did I hear that correctly? 
Peter Bains: Yes, you heard that correctly. I mean, and we  have now captured that in the year -end guidance, we 
do expect the impact of this single product to play out in the coming quarters. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Alankar Garude: Okay. Got it. The second question is, can you comment on both the two underutilized facilities in 
terms of what kind of traction you are seeing, what kind of discussions you are having, both 
Mangalore as well as Unit-3? And also for the US facility, is it on track to operationalize in the fourth 
quarter? 
Peter Bains: Yes, Alankar, I  will take that one. So, in Mangalore, the small molecules facility, we are seeing 
capacity utilization increase and translate into growth this quarter. Our pipeline is building, and the 
ongoing products can progress there.  And if they progress, they can scale as well. So, we  are 
encouraged by the steps that we have taken translating into this improvement in capacity utilization 
and growth. And obviously, a management focus here will be to strengthen that, and we are working 
hard to build that pipeline and accelerate utilization. In the Mangalore large molecules, again, we are 
seeing growth. Capacity utilization is improving, and again, we  are looking to strengthen and 
accelerate that. We have installed as part of our CAPEX programs a sterile fill finish line there. That 
strengthens our service offering that we now move from drug substance into drug product, and that 
will enhance our offering there. So, looking to build on the early traction that we  are seeing and 
accelerate that. With regard to Bayview, as I said in my opening remarks, the qualification of 
equipment and the facility is now complete.  We are finishing with the team in order to prepare to 
begin operations in that in the coming quarter or so. So, clear focus on strengthening the growth that 
we are seeing by building the pipeline and advancing the assets that we have in play now. 
Alankar Garude: A slightly hypothetical question. Given that you mentioned about this impact continuing in the key 
product for the next few quarters, our original Bangalore biologics facility also would be relatively 
underutilized. So, when it comes to having discussions regarding both Unit-3 as well as the original 
Bangalore facility, I mean, is there any preference which you have or clients have when it comes to 
starting new projects among either of these two facilities? 
Peter Bains: So, I think my answer to that question would be that, a part of the reason in acquiring the US facility 
was to give us this flexibility. We wanted to put a foothold in the United States as a strategic market 
opportunity and retain our position here in Bang alore. And this gives us flexibility to talk to our 
customers about the versatility that might suit what they want to do.  So, we will definitely look to 
leverage that flexibility and versatility going forward. 
Alankar Garude: Okay, sir. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Chirag Dagli from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Dagli: Thank you for the opportunity. In this single product, where are we in FY26 on a run rate basis versus 
a more normalized number? You did indicate at the time of signing of this contract that this was a 
cumulative $500 million 10 -year contract. I am just assuming $50 million was a more normalized 
run rate for this one. In FY26, where are we versus that normalized run rate for that product? 
===== PAGE 11 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Deepak Jain: So, Chirag, thanks for the question. If you look at what we have spoken about this product, when we 
contracted on this product, it was a 10 -year program with the potential to get to $500 million. We 
also did call out that in the first few years, we were able to deliver better off than a typical average.  
And that was driven largely by the fact that it is a new product, it will need to go into the market, the 
pipelines and distribution will need to be filled up, etc., Now, once that happened, from the beginning 
of the year, we  have been speaking about the fact that we are seeing now an inventory correction. 
But, more importantly, if you look at the public announcements on the product, it is also talking about 
a product issue as well. And therefore, we do not know how it  is panning out. I would not want to 
comment beyond whatever is there in the public domain. They are a listed company. They will come 
out with their own views to it.  But beyond that, the way we look at it is we  are seeing headwinds 
coming in for our supply of the pro duct to them. And right now, we see that continuing for a few 
more quarters. 
Chirag Dagli: Has our wallet share in that product remain stable for that product for the client? 
Peter Bains: I mean, it is not our position to comment on our collaborating partner here, obviously, we are talking 
to them. Let me be a little bit clearer. The product is Librela and our partner is Zoetis. What I would 
do is point you in the direction of their website for information on what they are doing. 
Chirag Dagli: Understood. And just on the follow-on product or incremental products on that partnership, any color 
around that? 
Peter Bains: I mean, we have an open dialogue and an ongoing dialogue with our collaborator there and are 
exploring other opportunities and we  will update on that as we make progress and mature any 
discussions. 
Chirag Dagli: Understood. And just a bit on the environment for our services business. I understand this is a lot 
dependent on the funding environment. Just how are you seeing that environment as we get into this 
calendar year? 
Peter Bains: Sure. I think, and we touched on this in the last quarter, that there were some signs that the venture 
capital funding into biotech, which has had a pretty long winter, was beginning to thaw. I think what 
we see is that trend continuing and I think there  are some signals that that is accelerating a little bit 
and that  is obviously an encouraging sign and the Syngene has a strong exposure to biotech 
companies and that would be welcome if that continues and that will feed into the biotechnology 
companies and provide further opportunities for Syngene to collaborate to support. So, I think we are 
of course watching this, at present I think we see an improving trend in that regard. 
Chirag Dagli: Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: We will take our next question from the line of Neha. Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Neha: Yes, thanks for taking my question. If I were to strip out this special product, how should I think 
about growth for fiscal ‘27 for the rest of the business, should we assume the high-single digit, low-
double digit growth that you mentioned, constant currency accelerating to more like mid-teens, high-
teens, would that be a fair assumption? 
Deepak Jain: Neha, we typically guide towards only the year and we can right now restrict the comments only for 
this year. Somewhere around in April -May time horizon is when we come and give a guidance for 
the coming year and that  is the time we will speak more detail around the guidance for the coming 
year. It would  not be right for me to right now give any commentary or color on the guidance for 
FY27. 
Neha: Is there any color that we can give on probably trends improving in the  rest of the business to give 
confidence on ‘27 growth if not a formal guidance? I understand that you  would probably prefer to 
give that after fourth quarter either what we are seeing probably in CRO or the CDMO business to 
give us confidence that things could improve going into FY27 for the rest of the business? 
Peter Bains: Sure, Neha, let me take that one. So, as I think,  both Deepak and we have commented in the earlier 
questions, notwithstanding this single product impact, we are seeing growth across the wide range of 
the Syngene m odel. So, we are seeing growth in the manufacturing business, small molecules and 
large molecules, and we are seeing growth in the research services, spanning chemistry, biology and 
biotherapeutics, and translation and clinical sciences.  Deepak has given an indication of what that 
underlying growth looks like at high single, low double digits. And, of course, that is the focus now 
is to accelerate that growth across all fronts and pick up on these encouraging signs of growth that 
we have and accelerate that and then we will be giving formal guidance for ‘27 in our fourth quarter 
results. But we are very focused on looking to build on and accelerate the growth that we are seeing 
across the diverse service platforms that we have. It is really a strength of Syngene that we have this 
diverse platform, and, of course, we now have to push on that to compensate for the headwinds that 
we are facing with this large single product issue. 
Deepak Jain: Neha, if I may add, we continue to invest in the business, right, we continue to invest in CAPEX, we 
have spoken about in the previous quarters as well and we continue to speak about in this quarter as 
well, right, as we enhance our capabilities and capacities, as and when the modalities and technology 
change, we continue to upgrade ourselves. So, we continue to invest in the business. We continue to 
have a strong balance sheet and the underlying business growth continues to remain strong. 
Neha: Thanks for that. Given the lumpiness of this asset and you invested in the Bangalore facility and now 
in the U.S. facility, do we see anything in the pipeline that we have,  with our customers in terms of 
other large products that could probably reduce our dependence on this one product when it comes 
to revenue growth, just reduce the dependence on the volatility related to this product , do you have 
any visibility on that coming through, let us say, in the next 12 months or 18 months? 
===== PAGE 13 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Peter Bains: Yes. That is very clearly a focus , and our goal is to build the pipeline, translate that into capacity 
utilization across all our facilities, and Bangalore and Bayview are clearly two of those facilities. And 
what we are seeing is some early and encouraging signs both in business coming in, providing the 
basis of the growth that we have described, and we are working on strengthening those pipelines so 
that we can accelerate that. That is very clearly a focus. 
Moderator: We will take our next question from the line of Manoj Bahe ty from Carnelian Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Manoj Bahety: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So, I have a couple of questions like, first one is 
especially on the CDMO, the way we have expanded the capacity and done the capital allocation. 
So, just wanted to understand what is the plan for capacity ramp up -- is there an urgency in terms of 
getting the capacity utilization also in place, because when I compare peers who are in CDMO, who 
have done the capacity addition, especially the way the opportunity is coming to India, we are seeing, 
like, significantly faster and much bigger numbers in terms of expectation of capacity utilization. I  
am not interested in exact numbers, but in terms of the direction of the growth going forward, looking 
at the kind of capacity in India, as well as in the US, where we have put it, like, next two, three years, 
are we seeing some meaningful upside or market -leading growth on account of the capacity which 
we have put in? 
Peter Bains: So, Manoj, the answer is yes. I mean, that  is very clearly  a key priority. Has the performance in 
Mangalore met the expectations as we discussed?  Not yet, but that is what we are working on. And 
as I said in my opening comments,  we are seeing some traction , we are seeing capacity utilization 
increase. That is very encouraging. Of course, we need to accelerate that, and that is what we  are 
working on , and we are looking to strengthen the pipeline and the delivery and accelerate that 
utilization. And the same holds true for the Bangalore facility, large molecules. And again, we are 
seeing now some early pickup in traction and utilization and growth, and we  are going to build on 
that. And, obviously, in Bayview, we are completing, the formalities to get that facility licensed and 
cleared. We have built the management team, and we are ongoing many dialogues to look at starting 
to fill that facility up. You will have also seen that we have appointed a new Head of Manufacturing, 
Dr. Rohtash Kumar, who comes with an awful lot of experience both in large molecules and small 
molecules in Europe, in the United States, and he is relocated here in Bangalore to lead and drive that 
in the next chapter of our CDMO platforms. So, we  are very focused on it.  We have got early and 
encouraging signs, and we are strengthening the focus on accelerating that. 
Manoj Bahety: Thanks for that response, Peter. But still, where you mentioned that even if I take out this one of the 
large products, you mentioned that there is a high single-digit growth across the business, which we 
believe that the larger portion of the growth may be contributed by CRO. And still, CMO, excluding 
this single large product, still the growth visibility is not there, and as investors, we are not getting 
any direction in terms of the direction and magnitude of the gro wth also going forward. So, help us 
getting at least some color on the direction and magnitude of the group going forward , that will be 
really helpful? 
===== PAGE 14 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Peter Bains: Sure. I mean, I understand the question, Manoj, I understand, your expression of frustration. At this 
point, we cannot give any quantitative guidance on that. When we come to the full year, we will have 
a clearer picture. I can only emphasize that  we believe these facilities  will have high potential , the 
capacities are there , the capabilities and technologies are good,  under new leadership and with the  
amplified focus, plus, I think, very clearly some of the early and encouraging signs that we are seeing 
that I have discussed, we are looking to accelerate that quite clearly to fill the capacities which have 
substantial potential to drive revenue going forward. 
Manoj Bahety: Got it. Now, my second question is on the CRO side, like looking at the improving environment on 
the biotech funding , we were expecting that CRO will also start coming back to faster pace of the 
growth, but looking at your overall number, that thing is still not visible. Is there something which is 
still preventing at a macro level the faster pace of growth or we as an organization are growing slower 
vis-à-vis our peers, how do you read this? 
Peter Bains: So, I think the macro environment  is broadly favorable. I mean, I think we  have spoken about  
encouraging signs of return on venture capital into biotech,  the mid and long -term, the trends are 
continued outsourcing by big pharma of discovery services. And I think, Syngene’s platform is well 
placed to capitalize on that and  investments that we have made in chemistry that I spoke about,  we 
are looking to build out in biology, not just in discovery biology, but leverage,  what we think is,  
platform capabilities and differentiated platform capabi lities in India on biotherapeutics.  And, 
certainly in translational sciences and in clinical trials,  we are seeing again in both of those areas, 
those encouraging early signs. And,  one of those we touched on last quarter was the award of our 
first global clinical trial recruiting here in India and in the United States. And that continues to make 
progress, but there are timelines here.  So, in this quarter,  we have received the expert committee 
approvals to go forward,  and we will be now looking  at site selection and patient recruitment. But 
these things do have a timeline before they can really accelerate. Again,  our focus will be on 
leveraging the diverse capabilities that we have in chemistry, and we spoke about those investments 
in biology,  and in translational clinical sciences and look to accelerate the growth that we have, 
which, Deepak has advised underlying, is in that high single digit,  low double digit, and of course, 
that is for us to build that, and accelerate that further. 
Manoj Bahety: Got it. And one last question I do have. So, what is the internal plan to mitigate the risk on this single 
large molecule, like you highlighted that earlier, it was inventory correction, which the customer was 
taking on, also, there are some product-specific issues, so, internally, how we are preparing ourselves 
to mitigate the impact of this going forward? And secondly, how long the impact will be there on 
Syngene of the single large molecule -- can we expect that by the fourth quarter it will be over or do 
you believe that it will continue for the next few quarters? 
Peter Bains: So, as I think we covered in some earlier questions in terms of how long do we see this impact lasting. 
We see this playing out over the next few quarters. It is clearly going to play into Q4 and it will play 
in, I think, into a couple of quarters in ‘27 before it plays out.  Now, how long and where it goes ? 
That is not for us to comment on, as I said. I mean, this is a product from a key collaborator of ours, 
===== PAGE 15 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
Zoetis, and again, I would encourage you to look at their website,  and take guidance from them on 
how they see this product moving forward. In terms of - 
Manoj Bahety: My question was how Syngene is planning to mitigate the impact of this? 
Peter Bains: Sure, I am coming to that, Manoj. So, on the second question, in terms of mitigation, I mean, it  is 
very clear that what Syngene is looking to do is to build  a wide and diversified business across the 
platforms, and build more large relationships. I mean, I think this product was launched, it had very 
high success at launch, and of course, it has run into the headwinds that it has run into and that impact 
has significantly affected our numbers, as you can see,  and reflects that  exposure to a si ngle large 
business. We are working to diversify our business, both across our platforms and in terms of building 
more large relationships, so that exposure to these types of single product events would be minimized 
and, that is another focus of how we are looking to build our business going forward. 
Manoj Bahety: Thanks for taking my questions. 
Moderator: We will take our next question from the line of Pankaj Murarka from Renaissance Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Murarka: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon, gentlemen.  Peter, you answered some of my questions, but I still want to 
get your take on, I presume it has been about six or seven months since you have been back into the 
saddle. So, did some of the existing state of affairs or state at which the business was, when you 
assume charge, did it surprise you ? Point number one. Point number two, while you outlined the 
initiatives you have taken and you continue to make strategic investments, keeping the long -term 
interest in the business, and since you are not guiding for next year, and as shareholders, we want to 
take a slightly more medium term or longer term view on the business , c an you qualitatively 
comment, when do you think the business will get back to growth trajectory on the aggregate basis , 
because while I understand that some part of the business is growing, but still as shareholders, we  
are not buying parts of the business ? And I am still not able to understand , Deepak, your comment 
that when you are saying the rest of the business is growing at high single digit, how do you call it a 
strong growth, I am still not able to connect that qualitative comment to the underlying growth in the 
business? So I would appreciate since you are not quantifying or giving guidance, if you could clarify 
on some of these qualitative comments on the questions I am asking? 
Peter Bains: Sure, Pankaj, thank you. So let me address the first part of your question about  how I am seeing the 
business having come back into it. I think the first thing to say is  the extent of the single product 
headwind has been a one-off and was not expected at the time of launch, the launch was successful. 
So this has happened, and we obviously have to deal with it. And how we  are dealing with it is 
obviously looking to accelerate the growth in the rest of the business, which I  have sort of 
characterized in the near -term. Now, looking at  a midterm perspective that you  have drawn on, I 
think, prospects are very good.  I think the market is looking as if,  very clear market opportunities, 
we see the trend  in outsourcing of R&D continuing , and that provides the sort of basic framework 
===== PAGE 16 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
for us as a contract service provider in R&D, and we also see the trends in manufacturing outsourcing 
continue. Of course, geopolitics is shifting some of the balances there, particularly in the United 
States and in large molecules,  the strategic acquisition of the Bayview site will play into that 
opportunity. Syngene’s capabilities, I think, remain fundamentally very, very strong, I mean, I think 
our research services,  and our capability offerings and our differentiated service propositions in 
chemistry are very strong, and in biology are very strong, and now including biotherapeutics, where 
I think we  are highly differentiated in the Indian context. And in translational clinical sciences, I 
think this is a rising tide in India, with a very large patient population pool.  And I think it  is 
tremendous opportunity for Syngene to strengthen its position in translational sciences and to 
strengthen its position in clinical tria ls. And we are seeing the early signs of  very positive traction 
there. So we have got to get over the issue that we  are dealing with this single product.  As I said, I 
think that will play out in the next few quarters. The underlying business  is sound and the growth 
rates as Deepak has described, and obviously we want to accelerate those and get them higher. And 
that is what we are looking to build, and we will give guidance on ‘27 at the end of this fiscal year 
and give some range there. But I am optimistic, I think that Syngene is well placed, needs to get over 
this single product issue that is dragging us down, and we need to accelerate on  the other elements 
of what is a very,  strong and diverse platform, Syngene is a longstanding company, it is built some 
of the most remarkable relationships in the industry, we have touched on one in this call, the Bristol 
Myers relationship, and we will look to be building more diverse businesses and across the board, 
we will, of course, be looking to build bigger and longer -term relationships so that our business is 
more robust against single point exposures, which we are facing today. 
Moderator: Pankaj, does that answer your question? 
Pankaj Murarka: Thank you. Yes, it does. 
Moderator: We will take our last question from the line of Kunal Randeria from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Randeria: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. S ir, your customer of this one last product has got 
approvals for a new molecule  in various geographies in the last few months.  So do you expect to 
partner them in supplying this product, because it is for the same indication, for the same, and not for 
the injection and so on, so would you be partnering them? 
Peter Bains: So Kunal, we are working with our collaborating partner on that. Let me update you at the full year 
position that we have a very good channel of dialogue with our collaboration partner, exploring a 
number of opportunities and we will update you as and when they mature. 
Kunal Randeria: I understand. But in case, let  us say these deals do fructify, then do you think this can compensate 
for the loss of the current product? 
Peter Bains: I think that  is very hard to say,  and directionally, Pankaj, this product,  Deepak described the high 
level contours of expectation there of this product over 10-years, 50-million per year, and obviously, 
===== PAGE 17 =====
Syngene International Limited 
January 23, 2026 
the early launch success, push those numbers higher, which has meant that,  in addressing the 
challenges there, obviously, the gap that we are faced with is high, and that is the single biggest issue 
that we are dealing. I cannot comment as to say whether anything else is going to make that all up in 
one-go. But we are very, very focused, as I described on  doubling down, strengthening and 
accelerating, encouraging early signs that we  are seeing in small molecules, large molecules and 
across our discovery services to build that more diverse and broader business mix so that we have a 
very, very strong position. So, that is where we are. 
Kunal Randeria: Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for today, you can get in touch with S yngene 
team for any further questions. On behalf of S yngene International that concludes this conference.  
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 