# TEXT EXTRACTION of FEDFINA-Concall_Aug_2025_Transcript.pdf (19 pages)
# '===== PDF PAGE n =====' markers are the physical page index (1-based).
# The document's own printed page numbers appear within the text.


===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
Secretarial Department   
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 1101, 11th Floor, Cignus, Plot No. 71A, Powai Paspoli, Mumbai, Maharashtra- 400087 Maharashtra. Tel: 022 68520601 
● E-mail: customercare@fedfina.com ● web: www.fedfina.com ● CIN: L65910MH1995PLC364635 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
Ref. FEDFINA/ CS/ 57 / 2025-26 
The Manager,   
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
SYMBOL – FEDFINA 
The Manager,  
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited, 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 544027 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, July 28, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call which was held on 
July 28, 2025.  
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call shall be uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.fedfina.com/ under the section ‘Investor Relations’ in due course. 
 
The above is submitted for your kind information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Parthasarathy Iyengar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A21472 
 
Encl : As above 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 28, 2025 
 
     
 
Management : Mr. Parvez Mulla, MD & CEO, Fedbank Financial Services 
Limited 
 
  Mr. C.V. Ganesh – CFO – Fedbank Financial Services 
Limited 
 
 Mr. Vikram Rathi, CRO – Fedbank Financial Services 
Limited 
 
  Mr. Jagadeesh Rao – CBO, Gold Loans – Fedbank 
Financial Services Limited 
 
  Mr. Shardul Kadam – CBO, Small Ticket LAP – Fedbank 
Financial Services Limited 
 
  Mr. K. Sureshkumar – CBO, Medium Ticket LAP – 
Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
 
Moderator : Mr. Shreepal Doshi – Equirus Securities 
 
 
  
  
  


===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
  
  
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Fedbank Financial Services Q1 FY '26 
Conference Call hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinion, and expectation of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shreepal Doshi from Equirus Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Shreepal Doshi: Thank you, Viven. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Call 
of Fedbank Financial Services Limited. Today, we have the senior management team of Fedbank 
Financial Services Limited represented by Mr. Parvez Mulla, MD and CEO; Mr. C.V. Ganesh, 
CFO; Vikram Rathi, Chief Risk Officer; Mr. Jagadeesh Rao, Chief Business Officer for Gold 
Loans; Mr. Shardul Kadam, Chief Business Officer for Small Ticket LAP; and Mr. K. Suresh, 
Chief Business Officer for Medium Ticket LAP. 
 I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Parvez for his opening remarks, post which we can 
open the forum for question and answer. Over to you, sir. 
Parvez Mulla: Thank you, Shreepal. Good evening, everyone. I would like to extend a warm welcome to all of 
you for joining the Q1 FY '26 post results earnings call. When we last connected during our Q4 
FY '25 earnings discussion, I had addressed the direction in which we aim to rebuild the financial 
year FY '26.   
                                               Our priorities continue to be : 
1. conserve and allocate capital to businesses with high ROA and ROE  
2. to move towards a fully secured lending portfolio,  
3. reinforce our twin strategy focusing on gold and LAP business 
4. expand gold business through branch expansion and increased doorstep coverage. We 
expect to open gold loan branches in over 100 new markets this financial year.  
5. continue to foster synergies between our gold and LAP operations.  
6. Within LAP, we will concentrate on a combination of low-risk -- high-yield ST LAP 
business and low-risk MT LAP business;  
7. persist in enhancing our collection infrastructure to effectively manage delinquencies;  
8. establish leadership in ST LAP business and build team for growth and quality;  
9. expand MT LAP with minimal capital allocation;  
10. increase the core income while reducing reliance on DA income,  

===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
11. use DA as a capital-Conservation strategy;  
12. move towards a frugal cost structure and  
13. ensure that our credit costs remain range bound within the 1% plus or minus 10 bps. 
 With respect to these priorities, we have taken the following action in Q1 FY '26.  
a. Our senior leadership has been onboarded in collections and the field team is being 
strengthened with full completion expected by early Q2.  
b. We have verticalized the collection framework, adding additional resources to both the call 
center and legal team as well as the field teams.  
c. We have strengthened our leadership and field team in the ST LAP business. Consequently, 
we expect to see steady rise in business activity in the quarters ahead. 
d. Our ST LAP business has successfully transitioned to a system-driven file flow architecture 
powered by our BRE, leveraging API-driven workflows, thereby enhancing consistency of 
policy execution. This architecture also establishes the foundation for deploying credit 
scorecards, risk models targeted for rollout by Q3 FY '26.  
e. A similar deployment is currently under evaluation for MT LAP segment with a pilot planned 
in the coming quarters. 
 In our collaborative initiative involving gold and ST LAP business, we have successfully merged 
and co-located 23 branches. That is 23 of our MSE LAP branches have moved into 23 gold 
branch premises and released/exited the MSE LAP premises. We will persist in our efforts to 
merge and co-locate more branches. 
 During this quarter, as promised, we have completed 100% assignment of our business loan 
portfolio of INR770 crores. It was executed and derecognized from our AUM. This capital 
release will be deployed in secured businesses. We have transferred INR25 crores of 
nonperforming assets during the quarter to an ARC via 85-15 SR structure. We have also 
completed the maiden issue of $100 million in ECB. 
 On the gold business, we had a good quarter with the AUM growing 39% Y-o-Y and tonnage 
growing 10% Y-o-Y. Our LTV on AUM stands at 64%. Our initiatives on DSGL have paid off 
well, where we have grown 81% Y-o-Y. Our MT LAP business grew while maintaining stable 
yields. Our credit cost for Q1 is 0.8%. 
 As we implement corrective measures, we anticipate certain flows will persist in the short term, 
but are expected to stabilize by the year-end. We foresee a return to normalcy by the end of the 
year, which will contribute to a more stable and predictable performance in the future.  
Some of the key business numbers are as follows:  
1. AUM reached INR15,697 crores an accretion of INR2,509 crores in Q1 FY '26, translating 
to a growth of 19% Y-o-Y. 
2. Gold reached INR6,332 crores and AUM growth of 39% Y-o-Y.  
3. Tonnage growth for the year came in at 10% Y-o-Y to 11.2 tons.  
4. Mortgage AUM reached INR8,539 crores and AUM growth of 29.7% Y-o-Y.  
5. Disbursals of INR5,933 crores in Q1 FY '26, up 18.5% Y-o-Y. 

===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
6. On the profitability side, our net interest income grew 7.4% Y-o-Y to INR268.2 crores.  
7. Our operating profit experienced a decline of 0.5% Y-o-Y. Our operating profit stood at 
INR128.2 crores.  
8. We made a choice to lessen reliance on DA income, which was INR 22 crores in Q1 FY '25 
compared to a negative INR 5 crores in this quarter, which has reflected in our operating 
profit.  
9. Our credit cost for the quarter stood at 0.8%. Our net profit stood at INR75 crores in Q1 FY 
'26, up 6.8% Y-o-Y.  
10. Gross Stage 3 stands at 2% versus 2% in the previous quarter. 
 I will now hand over to C.V. Ganesh to take you through the numbers in a little more detail. 
C.V. Ganesh: Yes. Thank you, Parvez. Thanks, everyone, for your participation on the call. Q1 has been a 
lower business quarter for us as the MSME loans reflect the seasonality. While Parvez covered 
the core performance, let me share some perspectives on the quarter to understand it better.  
a. The large unsecured business loan assignment of INR770 crores, which constituted roughly 
75% to 77% of the existing book has been done with a full credit risk transfer of this portfolio 
and all servicing on this portfolio going forward will also be done by the purchasing 
counterparties, resulting in a mitigation of costs as well. 
 b. With this, as of June 30, the changed loan book mix is as under  : 
Gold loans ~  44%      ;      Secured mortgage :  ~ 54%  
 &   unsecured business loans of approximately 2%. The actual number is 2.3%, which is INR270 
crores on a loan book of INR11,689 crores. 
c. This transaction facilitated the release of capital for the higher ROA businesses, which we 
want to scale. And as a result, the capital adequacy as of June 30 has gone up by about 49 bps 
from 21.9% to 22.4%. 
 d. While this transaction was done at a small premium, we had to book certain one-off charges 
with reference to the origination costs on these loans, which are amortized in the books over the 
life of the loan. These one-off write-off of origination costs reflect in the interest income line 
and have impacted the yields optically by about 37 bps. 
 e. Since the above transaction has resulted in the loans being derecognized from our AUM, 
optically - you will see a flat to marginally negative AUM on a sequential comparison to March 
'25. Our overall AUM as of June 30 was INR15,697 crores and it reflects a Y-o-Y AUM growth 
of 19%. However, ex business loans, the year-on-year growth is 33%.  
Now on the NIM and spread.  
I explained the onetime impact of 37 bps on the yield because of the origination costs on 
unsecured loans, which we have taken a charge for. 

===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 Adjusted for this, our normative yields would have been 16.6% and the spreads would also have 
been higher by this amount. We have continued our focus on core income growth and done a 
lesser direct assignment on the mortgage book. This has resulted in net gains from direct 
assignment coming at a negative number, which reflects the deceleration in direct assignment. 
 While both of these numbers have resulted in a spread compression in the quarter, we expect the 
spreads to be more normative from next quarter onwards.  
Now on the opex side.  
The opex grew 9% year-on-year. The operating costs for the quarter reflect a lower origination 
cost due to overall lesser originations in Q1. 
 However, they also factored certain cost rationalization measures taken in this quarter, which 
were done to create room for an opex expansion from the new branch investments, which we 
plan to do in this fiscal. One example of the rationalization measures is the co-location of 23 
branches and consolidation of 3 branches, which Parvez articulated. 
 As we continue on the branch expansion journey to capitalize on the opportunity before us, we 
expect the opex to go up to more normative levels, but driven by more capacity-driven spend.  
On the treasury side, - 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis, our weighted average interest cost on overall borrowings has gone 
down by 16 bps from 8.72% to 8.56%. 
 This decline has been facilitated by resets on the external benchmark-linked borrowings as well 
as a diversification of the resource mix by substituting local currency long-term debt by external 
commercial borrowings. We did our maiden external commercial borrowing this quarter. It is 
the first of a few, and it now constitutes 8.5% of our overall borrowing mix. Even on a fully 
hedged basis, this comes at approximately 70 to 80 bps lower than our local borrowing. 
 Currently, around 83% of our total borrowings are floating rate in nature. Of these, 45% of our 
borrowings are linked to external linked benchmarks and another 39% to MCR. As interest rates 
come down, we will see the benefit of this in our cost of funds and spreads. 
 Lastly, our incremental borrowing cost for quarter 1 was at an average of sub-8% compared to 
8.5% in the quarter 4 '25. The deleverage from our BL assignment has resulted in our debt equity 
ratio decreasing from 4.03 in March '25 to 3.89 as of Q1 FY '26. 
 With that, I hand it over to the operator for any questions you have. 
Moderator: We have first question from the line of Renish from ICICI Securities. 
Renish: Just one feedback. I think we lost the first 15 minutes of opening remarks by Parvez. I don't 
know that is a problem with everyone, but I was there on the call since beginning, but I joined 
at maybe 6:45 or so, so I completely missed Parvez's opening remarks. But I will continue with 
my questions. I'm sorry if that's a repetition. 

===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 So two, three things, one on the small ticket LAP business, right? I mean so where do we stand 
in terms of restructuring of S LAP vertical and sequential fall in disbursement is just due to 
seasonality or we turn cautious due to the current noise about increasing stress in this product? 
Parvez Mulla: Really sorry about the technical glitch. I will ask the operator to check what -- but I will repeat 
my opening remarks at the end, if needed. 
Renish: No, I think we'll discuss one-on-one. We don't want to sort of waste time for others. Yes, sir, 
please. 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. As far as the ST LAP business is concerned, we had discussed during my Q3 as well as my 
Q4 earnings call, we had highlighted that we are doing a leadership change. We have done that. 
We said that we will invest into people, we have done that. We were supposed to do the BRE 
change, we have done that. The grassroots level people, which I had said that -- it will take us 
Q1 plus some part of Q2 to the field level filling. 
 That's where we are. We have almost 80% of the recruitment there. So as far as manpower and 
change and systems and processes and the incentives are concerned, we've changed all that. The 
business growth for us has been -- we had dropped our business numbers in September level. 
From there on, we have been picking it up. And our pickup has been steady in that sense. So 
there is no extra additional tightening, which we have done in this quarter. So it's going in the 
same progress. 
 Whatever tightening was done, we had done it last quarter and previous quarter because some 
of the other players are seeing that stress. We had seen that stress earlier, but we had our own 
issues also to correct. So we had corrected on those parameters, both in terms of industry as well 
as BRE. So we have not done further tightening this month. The business growth will pick up 
as we -- as our people mature into their roles. 
Renish: Got it. So drop in disbursement in this quarter is just because of seasonality, nothing else? 
Parvez Mulla: Yes, it's the Q4, Q1 effect. Q4 was a new team. So it pushed in Q1. You will again see Q2 
picking up over Q1. 
Renish: Got it. Got it. And my second question is on the gold loan side. So in past 1 year, when we look 
at the quarterly disbursement run rate, it has actually doubled from INR2,600 crores odd in Q2 
FY '25 to almost now crossing INR5,000-odd crores in Q1. Interestingly, when we look at the 
branch network, right? I mean, we have not added significant branches in last quarter as well as 
last 2, 3 years. So what is driving this sudden surge in gold loan disbursement? I mean is this 
purely by productivity gain? Or are we missing any structural changes which you might have 
done? 
Parvez Mulla: So there are 2 parts to this. I will give you an initial answer, then I'll ask Jagadeesh to add it. One 
is in the last 2 years, if you've seen, there has been 10% to 15% tonnage growth. We might be 
one of the few companies which has shown consistent tonnage growth while there has been a 
price growth, but tonnage growth has been 10% to 15%, in fact, higher than 15% in one of the 
years. 

===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 So there is that substantial growth which has happened. I agree with you, last 2 years, the number 
of branches growth hasn't been much. But this year, we plan to put upwards of 100 branches. 
And if you remember, we had said that first, we will do the experiment of co-locating the MSE 
branches with the gold, and we were focused on getting that correct in this quarter. We've 
identified premises for gold branches, but that execution did not materialize as much as we had 
thought. 
 But Q2, you will see substantial opening of gold loan branches, and we will continue to expand 
our network through gold branches. So those branches will be put in context of FY '26 and FY 
'27 growth. But our growth, which has come has come from productivity and tonnage. 
Obviously, we've been aided by price, but price plus tonnage has been the growth. 
Renish: Got it. Got it. And a marginal drop in LTV during this quarter, I mean, what is the reason? 
Otherwise, we have thought it will go up because of the revised RBI guidelines, but... 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. See, 2 things, Renish, there. If you remember, when you had asked me this question in 
December -- post December 2, we had complied with the draft guidelines of December. So those 
were pretty strict - and we have complied with those guidelines. The revised guidelines, which 
came in were a little more relaxed than the December guidelines. 
 We felt that at a portfolio level, even at a sourcing level, although the LTV benefit is there, we 
have not extracted the full benefit because there is a price effect which is playing. So just being 
-- we are satisfied with the growth which has come in. So we have not further done anything 
with the LTV. 
Renish: But I mean, just a clarification. But in system, we have sort of factored the new guidelines, right? 
Or... 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. No, no. Just to clarify, so we are now following the December guidelines, which we are 
following 75% LTV to be maintained at the overall tenure of the loans. Okay... 
Renish: So we have not yet moved to 85% LTV. 
Jagadeesh  : Yes. The new guidelines has to be adopted in full. We cannot go just by adopting only LTV. 
There are multiple things moving items. So we are in development stage, and we expect to go 
live as soon as possible. 
Renish: Okay. Got it. And lastly, on the profitability front, right? So since we are largely done with 
business restructuring at least in terms of secured versus unsecured. So how do you see some of 
the ROA metrics moving in near term, let's say, NIM and more importantly, credit cost? And 
ultimately, where do you see ROE settling in near term, maybe exit quarter of FY '26. 
Parvez Mulla: So Renish, that guidance I gave you in similar in Q3 as well as Q4 and the guidance remains 
same because we had factored in the BL when we mentioned in Q4 too. We have said that we 
will focus on a secured construct, and we have factored that. And if you remember, I had 
mentioned that we are going through a certain stress on the SP LAP side, and that could give us 
certain GNPA flows, but we will still manage the credit cost within the 1% range. 

===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 Now the full financial year FY '26 will take into account the fact that I am restructuring the BL 
piece of which about INR770 crores has gone out, but the balance still remains with me. So I 
will have to manage the credit cost for that. Plus I have some of the flows, which I will have to 
manage. So the credit cost will remain range bound 1% plus or minus 10 bps. 
 The GNPA, as I said, will move up and down, but that's where the credit cost will remain. The 
NIMs and spreads will be range bound. But net total income, again, the way you had constructed, 
it will remain in that range only, Renish. 
Renish: Range you mean Q1, I mean, this quarter exit or... 
Parvez Mulla: No. For FY '26, see, this quarter, there will be certain items which are one-off items. That is why 
you will see certain items which are depressed and certain items which are slightly appreciated. 
What I'm saying is, yes, for FY '26, I mean, if you look at our Q4 FY '25 numbers, the net total 
income could be in that range. And against that, the credit cost could be in the 1% range and the 
cost to income, which we had said would go down. But again, we are going to put branches, so 
it will remain stable in that range. 
Renish: Got it. I do have one more question, but I don't know whether I have time or not. Maybe I will 
come back in the queue. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Digant Haria from GreenEdge Wealth. 
Digant Haria: Firstly, congrats on the good performance, especially gold loan side. So my question is that 
earlier, like, let's say, a year back, gold used to be around, say, 35%, 40%. Now with the kind of 
construct we have and the macros are so favorable for gold loans, our gold loan exposure may 
even go up to, say, 55%, 60% if our small LAP and the mortgage business does not keep pace.  
 And I think it's very difficult for mortgage business to keep pace with gold loans this year. So 
any thoughts on this? Like are we going to restrict ourselves on gold loans or like we'll let the -
- whatever our system allows that growth, we'll take it in, in the gold loan space? 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. Thank you, Digant again, I will refer to my Q4 call where we had given a guidance in terms 
of the mix. And when the BL moves out of our portfolio, the mix for gold changes. So there is 
that a portfolio mix, which will change in the range of 43% to 45% for gold. And I had guided 
that it will remain between that 45% to 49% and mortgages will cover the balance. That is our 
medium ticket LAP business and small ticket LAP business. 
 Our small ticket LAP business growth will pick up even if that growth might not catch up with 
the gold loan growth, the medium ticket LAP growth is still there. Furthermore, for our gold 
loan business, we have about 15% to 18% of CLM. Wherever this mix moves in a particular 
direction, we have that CLM percentage also there. So we will be in that range between 45% to 
48%. 
Digant Haria: Okay. Okay. My second question is that in this -- we sold down around INR770 crores of 
business loans. Like will there be any credit cost associated with that? And either remaining 

===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
book or the guidance which you just gave to Renish in the previous question, that includes 
whatever good bad can happen in the business loan. Is that right assumption? 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. So we are keeping that credit cost range bound, taking in those surprises. Say, for example, 
in Q1, we had expected BL to give the balance BL, which is on our books to give a particular 
credit cost, but it actually gave us a little more, but we still managed it. So when I'm saying it's 
1% plus or minus, we've sort of projected what can BL do, and we factored that in. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Yash Dantewadia from Dante Equity. 
Yash Dantewadia: Congratulations on a decent set of numbers. My question is, again, a continuation of the previous 
question of somebody who asked, let's say, your gold loan goes up higher, which is clearly going 
up, the gold loan mix. What kind of exit ROA, ROEs are we going to see this financial year? 
Parvez Mulla: See, Yash, the Q4 ROA that we had indicated, I had answered this question by giving an 
indication that the ROAs in FY '26 will be range bound. There is an upside which we will get 
from the cost of funds, but we are also trying to reduce the DA income. So there is that plus and 
minus, which is happening there. 
 And that's where we believe that the net total income will be somewhere close to what we 
showed in -- plus or minus 10 bps, somewhere close to what we showed in Q4. Our cost to 
income will be in the range what it was in Q4 again. Our credit cost will be 1% plus or minus 
10 bps. So that is how we are expecting our FY '26 to move around. 
 There are two, three investments which we are -- although there is some items on the cost side 
that we are working on, and we will reduce the operating cost, but there are certain investment 
on branches, 150 gold branches that we want to put across in FY '26. 
 That is why the cost to income will move -- will remain flat. There is a flow which is happening 
from the ST LAP business in the previous quarter, which we have guided. And that flow, we 
believe will be managed and the BL flow will be managed with a 1% credit cost. So that's the 
range that the ROA will be. 
Yash Dantewadia: You are saying something about investments. You were saying something about some 
unrealized investments, right? 
Parvez Mulla: I don't think so. 
Yash Dantewadia: Investments in branches. 
Parvez Mulla: I mentioned about investing in branches, gold branches. 
Yash Dantewadia: Okay. Okay. Okay. And what gold finance market? Because I think Muthoot Finance and other 
larger players have kind of guided for a 20% growth or thereabouts. So what kind of demand are 
you seeing on ground growth '26? 
Jagadeesh            : So we have guided with a 25% year-on-year growth in gold with the current branches in place. 
And whatever new branches are going to come in, that will give us the delta. 

===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Yash Dantewadia: And last question. Any new segments that we plan to enter something like portfolio, a lot of 
NBFCs are giving loans based on equity portfolio and those kind of things. Are we -- vehicle 
finance, for example, are we planning to enter new segments this year? 
Parvez Mulla: Yash, we are focused on rebuilding our ST LAP business, growing our gold business, growing 
our MT LAP business. We believe we want to be one of the companies which is focused on LAP 
business. There are other companies which are also doing LAP. 
We want to be focused on LAP and build a proposition here. We want to ensure that our 
management bandwidth is focused on these three products, and we bring them to a very decent 
healthy profitability. So we won't be looking at other products right now until we fix what we 
want to achieve. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mayank Mistry from JM Financial. 
Mayank Mistry: I have three questions. First is mainly on the mortgage book. So our mortgage book Stage 3 has 
improved on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Parvez Mulla: Yes, Mayank.   I'm listening to you. 
Mayank Mistry: Yes. So against what the markets right now and given the SME lenders, most of the lenders 
usually catering to these segments, they have shown some stress. So surprisingly, this has 
actually showed some improvement in our book. So what has driven this? And second also on 
this book, how is it doing in Karnataka? I mean are we seeing any stress coming in from there? 
That's one. 
 Secondly, you mentioned something about the additional charge, which has led to your yields 
of 16.6%. So we actually missed the opening commentary. So maybe that was the end of that 
part, which spoke about it. So I wanted to know what was that. 
Parvez Mulla: Okay. So thank you, Mayank, for the question. See, we were one of the few companies which 
had talked about the stress in our ST LAP business, but it was more driven with the challenges 
that we were facing in Q3 and Q4. And we are trying to revive that business. So we had certain 
flows in Q3, Q4. We are dealing with those flows in Q1 also. 
 So we've had elevated flows. And those are reflecting in our Stage 2, Stage 3, but there will be 
certain actions that we have taken. We have taken a onetime hit. We've done an SR structure. 
So that is why you see certain way in which the GNPA is looking. 
 So there is that stress, but we are dealing with it, and we've tried to manage our credit cost within 
1%, plus or minus 10 bps while we're dealing with the stress. We have done structural changes 
on the ST LAP side in Q3. This was what we had updated, and we have progressed well there, 
and our disbursals have been picking up. 
 We have tightened our BRE, and we have done certain industry-level mapping where we want 
to focus on. So we are pretty focused on growing this business very, very cautiously. On the 
yield side, I think you were talking about -- in my opening remarks, I mentioned that we had 

===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
done assignment of business loan portfolio of about INR770 crores, which was executed and 
derecognized from our AUM. 
 That capital release, we will deploy in secured business. And I also mentioned that we had 
completed a maiden issue of $100 million in ECB. So these two were mentioned. If there is 
anything else I missed out which you wanted to know? 
Mayank Mistry: No, sir. But just on the -- continuing with that mortgage book. So can you give us a Stage 2 
number particular to that segment? And maybe what was that in the previous quarter? 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. CVG, we have that number here right now. No, we have it particular to that segment. 
C.V. Ganesh: We have it at a mortgage level. 
Parvez Mulla: Yes, we are disclosing at a mortgage level. 
Mayank Mistry: What will that be? 
Parvez Mulla: So at a mortgage level, see Q1 FY '26, our stage -- gross Stage 3 is 3.4%. Q4, it was 3.5%. And 
net Stage 3 will be Q1 FY '26 is 1.9% and Q4 FY '25 was 1.9%. 
Mayank Mistry: No, on the Stage 2, sir. 
C.V. Ganesh: So Stage 2, we don't disclose. We normally don't give that information. But that being said, it 
has not moved much in between the 2 quarters, right? But again, I would like to highlight, our 
mortgage is a mix of medium ticket and small ticket. So it attributes stability to the delinquency 
numbers. So that's where I leave it. 
Mayank Mistry: Okay. Okay, sir. And secondly, on the branch mix, I am seeing, I think there is some -- I think 
the numbers on the branch mix on the geographical mix, I think the numbers are actually 
different than -- significantly different from last quarter. So if I'm correct... 
Parvez Mulla: So what we have done, Mayank, is the branch -- and I think this was missed in my opening 
remarks. As a strategy, we had said that we will do a collaborative initiative between our gold 
business and our ST LAP business. So we have successfully merged and co-located 23 branches. 
That is 23 branches of our ST LAP business have moved into 23 gold branch premises. 
 So we have co-located them and released the ST LAP premises. And we will continue this effort 
of co-locating these branches. So you will have these branches being double counted. That 
means they will serve gold customers also, and they will serve our ST LAP customers also. 
Mayank Mistry: Yes, sir. Yes, I got. Actually, I was talking on the geographical mix of branches. I think that the 
135 branches are in the North, right, not in the West. The mix is, I think, somewhat different 
from last quarter. 
Parvez Mulla: Mayank, let me check that and get back if we've done some -- the mix has not changed between 
West and North, but if there is some error on our part, we'll correct it. 

===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment Management. 
Aditya: Sir, my question was on employee cost. So our employee count has increased Q-o-Q, but our 
employee costs have fallen. So what is the reason for the same? 
C.V. Ganesh: So as I explained earlier, there is a certain part of origination costs, which are given as employee 
incentives, right? So we have changed the structure. And the employee costs reflect lower 
originations in the quarter. So that's the primary reason.  Also, as Parvez mentioned much of the 
Unsecured business loan team has moved out. 
Aditya: Understood. So how should we build this employee cost going forward? So INR90 crores should 
be the run rate? 
C.V. Ganesh: So thank you for that question. See, as Parvez articulated in his opening remarks, we are building 
up for capacity expansion, and we are recruiting people for these new branches. We will not fall 
short of capitalizing on the gold loan opportunity. So many of the people will start coming on 
board from Q2. So you will see the muscle getting built up here. 
 And you will see -- consequently, you will see the employee cost coming back to a more 
normative number. Also as origination picks up, obviously, Q1 is not normative for the rest of 
the year. So you will see the employee cost coming back. So I would urge you not to read too 
much into the employee cost. 
Aditya: Yes, sir how big was the business loan team for us? And what are we going to do with the 
employees in that department? 
Parvez Mulla: So we had a 90-member sales and credit team. And the entire set of team, we have either moved 
them into other verticals where they were given a choice whether they wanted to move into other 
verticals or they have chosen where we waited them to find another assignment outside the 
organization. And we've given them a long period to do that. So we've given them both the 
options. And right now, we have about 5 employees remaining. 
C.V. Ganesh: many of these employees were lateral. And I think what you also see an effect of -- see, we 
stopped new originations in unsecured business loans in December. Right? Now we are 6, 7 
months away from that. Much of that cost has gone away. 
Aditya: Understood. And sir, you mentioned that 83% of our borrowings are floating. So how are they 
paid on the advances side? How much is fixed, how much is floating? 
C.V. Ganesh: See, the entire gold loans is fixed, but it gets reset because it's shorter tenure. Similarly, on the 
small ticket LAP, the small ticket LAP is almost entirely fixed in nature, right? So the medium 
ticket LAP is the one which is floating in nature right now. And that constitutes about 30%, 31% 
of the mix right now. So roughly the residual other than medium ticket LAP, everything else is 
fixed. 
Aditya: And what is the frequency of repricing the medium ticket LAP loans? So is it based on repo 
only, does it get repriced next day? How is it getting repriced? 

===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
C.V. Ganesh: We normally do it annually once we see a more stable pattern. So that's how -- where you are 
getting, I think we will be benefited from this mix, which we have. And that's what's giving us 
comfort in terms of establishing new floors on the ROA every quarter. 
Aditya: Got it. Got it. And in your opening remarks also, I think you mentioned that your incremental 
borrowing costs are below 8%. Is that correct? 
C.V. Ganesh: That is correct. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Renish from ICICI Securities. 
Renish: Again, I'm just going to your slide on this geographical mix. Now I don't know, as you already 
mentioned that there was error, but just wanted to double check that on the best zone, we are 
scaling gold loan business, but at the same time, we are scaling down mortgage. I mean is that 
the trend or there is an error in that side. 
Parvez Mulla: Sorry, Renish, scaling down what? 
C.V. Ganesh: Mortgage. 
Renish: Mortgage business, and we are scaling the gold loan business. I mean I will just tell you which 
slide I'm referring to. I'm referring to your Page #23 of PDF. Now if you look at gold loan, the 
orange bar, the share of best branches has actually gone up from 30-odd percent in '23 to 47%, 
roughly 5% over the last 2 to 3 years. 
 Similarly, when you look at mortgage loan, the same has gone down by 5-odd percent. So 
essentially, it means that we are going slow in best in mortgage, but at the same time, we are 
going fast in gold loan? 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. See Renish, you are talking about the geographical AUM mix. So the slide which you... 
Renish: Yes, yes. AUM. Okay. Yes, I'm talking about geographical AUM mix, you're right. 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. So the AUM could be -- yes, the AUM could be because -- see, in the Western markets, if 
I have grown faster in gold loan, that's how it will reflect. And if you heard us 2, 3 years ago, 
we had consciously said that the southern markets in gold, we will not expand as much. 
 We will expand in the gold in the northern markets and Western markets, and that's what we 
have done. And that's what is reflecting on the gold. Similarly, in the mortgage side, you will 
see us penetrating our AUM in those white spaces where others have not penetrated deep. So 
that's how that strategy over the years has been played. 
Renish: Got it. Got it. So it's a well-thought strategy, right? I mean there is. 
Parvez Mulla: Yes, yes, yes. And it is basically opportunistic in the sense of seeing that we have a proposition 
if you have southern states which are already invested by certain other players who have done 
well there, we might as well focus on Maharashtra and Gujarat, which will give us an expansion 
much better. 

===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 And the Gujarat market behaves differently for gold and differently for our small ticket LAP. It 
might be a favored business for gold, but Maharashtra might be a favored business location for 
me in the ST LAP side. So that's how we would do it. 
C.V. Ganesh: I'll just also add that Parvez in his opening remarks mentioned that we will chase profitable 
growth, not just growth ! So we will keep recalibrating the markets and the growth in those 
markets depending on how the credit behavior is panning out and how the profitability or the 
yield is playing out there. 
Renish: Got it. Got it. Maybe just last question and this is more from a strategic and slightly medium- to 
long-term perspective. But let us say, assuming 45 gold, 55 mortgage and obviously 1% credit 
cost. Are we aspire to deliver more than 15% ROE or maybe in our mind, that's the path we are 
taking. 
C.V. Ganesh: So can I answer that, Renish? 
Renish: Yes. 
C.V. Ganesh: Very clearly, our leverage is at an all-time low at 3.89. As we keep growing the book business, 
the leverage will keep going up. And that's your multiplier for on the ROA. On the ROA, we are 
establishing new floors. In Q4, we reported 2.2%. Q1 is 2.3% and our whole strategy has been 
to fortify the balance sheet and lend more certainty on our return metrics, right, and minimize 
cyclicality on the earnings. 
 I think if you consider the trajectory, you will be able to extrapolate how the leverage will grow, 
how the margin expansions will play out and how the ROAs will work. And I think that will 
lead you to a number like the one you seem to be indicating within a certain timeline.Moderator:
 The next question is from the line of Avnish Tiwari from Vaikarya. 
Avnish Tiwari: Around INR935 crores DPD and around INR596 crores DPD. How much of these would be 
from business loans, which is largely your residual book? 
Parvez Mulla: Avnish, I couldn't hear your question properly. Can you repeat it, please? 
Avnish Tiwari: Sure, sure. So for example, you give this 30-plus DPD and 1 plus DPD on a portfolio level. And 
looks like around INR596 crores, if I calculate on 30-plus DPD, around INR935 crores on 1 plus 
DPD ballpark numbers. 
 And you have around INR270 crores of business and then you have around INR600-plus crores 
AUM. So I just want to see how much of your book you have right now in business loans, how 
much of it is sitting in 30-plus DPD or 1 plus DPD ballpark? That's a book you would try to 
manage in terms of credit cost, right, effectively? 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. So Avnish, I don't know the crore numbers, but I can give you an indication that in the 30-
plus DPD, about 0.3% to 0.4% will be BL, which is coming. That is incremental which is coming 
there is because of that BL. 
Avnish Tiwari: So this is percentage of overall AUM or percentage of this BL AUM? What is this 0.3% to 0.4%? 

===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Parvez Mulla: You are seeing our portfolio quality indicators in our Investor Presentation where we've shown 
the 30-plus DPD. 
Avnish Tiwari: Okay. So 30-plus DPD percentage number which we are seeing out of that 0.4% is because of 
BL. Is that what you're saying? 
C.V. Ganesh: Yes, that is correct. And also, if you see somewhere in the sell-down slide, we are mentioning 
that the residual loan book on business loans is INR270 crores. And that runs down quite rapidly. 
So that's a decreasing number, right? So -- and they are -- many of them are of recent vintage. 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. Just to correct, Avnish, I'm just doing the calculation on the fly as you are asking me. Of 
the 5.1% -- so around 35 to 40 bps is BL. 
Avnish Tiwari: Got it. So 35 to 40 bps of overall portfolio is sitting in this particular 30 DPD? 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. 
Avnish Tiwari: Great. Second question I have is whatever you have, let's say, AUM number is INR618 crores 
and AUM is INR270 crores. So the difference between the 2, is there any risk on you if 
something goes bad than those or that is the guy who has been assigned that loan to? 
C.V. Ganesh: So all of what has been sold, we have a risk only to the extent of what is retained in our books, 
which is coming in the INR270 crores number. The balance is what is remaining of the 
assignment. There is a full transfer of credit risk and there is zero credit enhancement or FLDG 
in any of these assignments. So to answer your question, there is no credit risk on the difference 
over 270 Cr. 
Avnish Tiwari: Great. And lastly, this INR270 crores, which is right now on your books, typically monthly or 
quarterly, how much is the rate you're receiving money at? Like how many quarters or it takes 
for you to run? Of course, you will see how much eventually close to the credit cost, but let's 
say, roughly what is the duration which this book will run down or itself? 
Parvez Mulla: See, by March '26, you can visualize that this INR270 crores will go down to about INR120 
crores. That INR120 crores will go down slowly. But this INR270 crores will go down to about 
INR120 crores. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Patanjali from Nuvama. 
Patanjali: I had one question on MT LAP side. Have we reduced the off book to sell down in MT LAP. 
I'm asking this because you have disbursed about INR450 crores in MT LAP, but AUM 
increased by about -- around INR420 crores. So wanted to understand, have you reduced off 
book in MT? 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. I mean the off book on MT LAP will depend on what's available in the market and what's 
our strategy for that quarter. So in this quarter, we would have done a little bit lesser than the 
previous quarter. 

===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
C.V. Ganesh: Yes. And also, as I explained, Patanjali, there was a capital release on the BL. I think one of our 
themes has been that we will use DA strictly as a capital conservation strategy. So since we 
anyway had the release on capital from Unsecured BL, we didn't need to do too much of MT 
LAP assignment. 
Patanjali: Understood. It has nothing to do with asset quality, right? Asset quality is fine in terms of 
prepayment behavior. 
C.V. Ganesh: Nothing at all. See, our loan book is entirely monetizable. It is a lever we have how much and 
when, and we will choose to exercise that option based on how we want to calibrate... 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi. 
Shreepal Doshi: So my question was on MT LAP and ST LAP. So going ahead, how are we looking at growing 
these 2 segments, especially like when do we see the ST LAP revival coming in? Because this 
quarter, the MT LAP growth has been pretty healthy. So what has driven that? And the second 
part was on the ST LAP portfolio? 
Parvez Mulla: See, the MT LAP healthy growth will continue. So whatever this quarter you are seeing, it will 
continue. It has a cyclicality. So Q1 will be different from Q4. But quarter -- year-on-year basis, 
you will see that growth. And MT LAP is a seasoned business. It has seen multiple years, and 
we have a very good portfolio book, which is building up there. So it will continue with that 
growth rate. 
 Our ST LAP business, as we mentioned, it is going through its own rebuild phase. And as I told 
you on a monthly basis, we were doing lesser number of disbursals in September. Since that 
time from that low, we've picked it up. We reached a peak in March, April. And then for Q1, 
again, it has its seasonality. It is picking up. We see our ST LAP business also doing the same 
growth rate like MT LAP going forward. 
 So these two businesses will have that growth rate. We are just being cautious a little bit because 
the market environment has been a little cautious on the ST LAP side, but we've built in the BRE 
engine and we have done away with certain industries which had given us those problems. So 
we see a decent growth rate ahead for our ST LAP business. 
Shreepal Doshi: Got it. Sir, just like to what you highlighted in your latter part of the comment. So when you talk 
about the environment at the industry level or, let's say, system level, how are you seeing -- what 
are some of the, let's say, industries or let's say, some of the geography or some of the customer 
profiles wherein you are seeing the rejection rates being elevated or -- yes, so just some color on 
that. 
Parvez Mulla: Shreepal, I would not want to give you a color because see, what has happened is we are trying 
to rebuild our book. And our book has an issue about certain challenges that we faced in our 
collection infrastructure. So it has the mixture and paint of that, and that is predominant. So the 
market kind of a feedback -- so for example, the market might face certain challenges in 
particular state, we might face it in some other state. 

===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 And that state -- the state that market is talking about for us could be a mixture of our own issue 
plus the market issue. So that's why it's very difficult for us to give you a market-related 
information in that distinctive manner. Once we settle down our flows by Q3, we should be able 
to give you that answer much more clearly. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Parvez Mulla: Operator, I understand there was some glitch. Is there anything I need to do? I need to repeat my 
opening comments or... 
Shreepal Doshi: Sir, you might just want to give some color of it, and then truly we can conclude the call. I think 
that will be helpful. 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. So since I understand there was a glitch and some of you didn't hear the opening comments, 
I will just highlight some that we continue on our priorities of conserving and allocating capital 
to businesses with high ROA, ROE. We have promised that we will move to a fully secured 
lending portfolio, and we've done that. We mentioned that we will focus on our twin engine 
strategy of doubling on gold and LAP businesses, the high-yield ST LAP business and low-risk 
MT LAP business. We will expand our gold business through branch expansion. We have done 
that. 
 We have also guided that we'll be opening 100-150 branches. We will continue to foster 
synergies between our gold and LAP operations. We have given you an update that we've 
merged 23 branches. That means co-located 23 branches. Our ST LAP branches have now been 
-- the premises has been released, and those have been now co-located with gold premises. We 
are persisting in our -- enhancing our collection infrastructure to manage delinquency. We are 
continuing to expand our MT LAP business with minimum capital allocation. 
 We are reducing our reliance on DA income, using DA as a capital allocation strategy rather 
than a profit strategy. We had promised that we will ensure the credit cost remains 1% plus or 
minus 10 bps, and we've adhered to that in this quarter. We've said that we have done a 100% 
assignment of our business loan portfolio of INR770 crores, which was executed and 
derecognized from our AUM. This capital release was essential because we wanted to deploy it 
in our secured business. We have transferred INR25 crores of nonperforming assets during the 
quarter to an ARC via 85-15 SR structure. 
 We have completed a maiden issue of $100 million in ECB. Our gold business had a very good 
quarter. AUM grew 39% and tonnage grew 10%. Our MT LAP business grew while maintaining 
stable yields. And overall, our net profit stood at about INR75 crores, which is up 6.8%. So all 
in all, we are trying to walk the talk, and we are trying to focus on the promises that we made to 
you in Q3 and Q4. We are trying to rebuild, and we are focusing on building a good high ROA 
franchise. Thank you. 
Shreepal Doshi: Thank you, sir. Thank you, and thank you for giving us the opportunity to host the call. Thank 
you to all participants for being there on the call. Thank you. 

===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
  July 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
C.V. Ganesh: Yes. Thank you, Shreepal. Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
