Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Net Web Technology Q1 FI27 earnings conference call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listenon mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siman Nay from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you ma'am.

Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of ICIC Security, I welcome everyone to Network Technologies Q1 FI27 call. We have the pleasure of having with us the senior management team of network technology led by CMD Mr. Sanjay Loda, full-time director Mr. Navin Loda CFO Mr. Ankit Kumar Singh, Chief Sales and Strategy Officer Mr. Sidar Vikram and head of Yotus Advisers the IR adviser for network technology Mr. Sanji Sanji. So without further delay I'd like to hand over the floor to Mr. Sanji. Over to you sir.

Thank you Shima. Good afternoon to all the participants. Before I hand over the call to Mr. Sanjay Lodha for the opening I would like to draw your attention to the safe harbor statement in the earnings presentation. I request each one of you to go through the disclaimer in that presentation before the Q&A starts so that you are aware of the same. Thank you and over to you Mr. Loza.

Thank you Sema and Sanjie. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to all of you to Network Technologies Q1 financial year 27 earnings call. I'm pleased to share that Network Technologies delivered a record quarter achieving its highest ever quarterly revenue from operations. and profits. Our revenue from operations for the quarter stood at Rs 8,197 million, reflecting a strong yearon-year growth of 172.1%. Profit after tax stood at 853 million, representing a 179.9% year-on-year growth with a fat margin of 10.3%. The performance reflects sustained demand momentum coupled with disciplined execution across our business. business. Our AI segment continues to be key growth driver contributing 5,15.70 million being 62% of revenue from operations and growing at at a at a huge number of 484% yearonear. Our other two core segments HPC and private cloud maintain robust traction at 1,252.94 million and 1,353.46 million respectively. reinforcing the breath and resilience of per se pillars. Our order book stood at 25,000 G 25,69.35 million as on 30th June 2026 with an L1 position of with a L1 position of 8,480.47 million and a pipeline of 10,400 10,41 million together providing the strong business visibility in the medium term. Sorry 1 lakh 4,000 u 100 million together providing a strong business visibility in the medium term the world in and India in particular is witnessing unprecedented AI infrastructure buildout anchored by India AI mission GPU compute initiative indigenous so sovereign foundation models and worldclass demand from new cloud providers and CSPs sovereign AI compute is no longer aspirational it has become a strategic national imperative creating a deep multi-year demand pipeline for high-end computing system designed and manufactured within the country. As NSM 2.0 transitions into build and design in India approach and HPC adoption broadens across enterprises, indigenous design and domestic manufacturing are emerging as justive qualifi qualification criteria as one of the India's as of the as one of the India's leading Indian origin OEM in the high-end computing solutions with fully integrated design, manufacturing and deployment capabilities. We are well positioned to address this opportunity. Our leadership across SCS portfolio reinforced by an early mover advantage in AI infrastructure continues to strengthen both our growth trajectory and our opportunity pipeline. Looking ahead, our strategy is anchored in deepening our three core verticals. In HPC, we are investing in low footprint architecture, advanced interconnects and direct cooling technologies for pre-extraas scale and extras scale systems in private cloud and SCI. We are delivering indigenous solutions to colllocation providers, cloud providers and enterprise through Tyron Skylas, our indigenous private cloud platform. We are enabling enterprises to accelerate the hybrid crowd strategies while addressing the growing need for data local ization and data sovereignity in AI systems. We continue to innovate across every layer of the stack. From dense AI compute to advanced liquid cooling to GPU orchestration, AI workspaces, our cloud software stack, we are also developing pre-curated sovereign AI appliances to ready to deploy reference architecture for enterprise as well as central and state sovereign AI programs. Beyond our core, we are investing into two emerging opportunities. In physical AI, which is emerging as the next frontier for AI adoption, we are investing in R&D across physical AI and positioning our AI systems, digital twins, in-house software and training simulation backbone for India's physical AI developers with a focus on defense, national security and strategic manufacturing in quantum computing. We have commenced R&D for quantum simulators and emulators and have started engaging with institutions s thermic hubs and startups in the ecosystem as technology partners with sustained investment in innovation and cheap agnostic design philosophy alignment with the make India vision and strong order book and pipeline we remain confident in our ability to deliver long-term sustainable growth and create enduring value for all our stakeholders I will now request to take you through the financials in more details thank you

Thank you, Mr. Loa. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining our earnings call. Before we open the floor for Q&A, I will provide a brief overview of the financial pro performance for the quarter. I trust that by now you have had the opportunity to review our earning presentation and press release. While our CMD has already discussed the macro outlook, I will elaborate on the financial performance in more detail. Our revenue from operation for Q1 Financial year 27 stood at rups 8,197 million a growth of 172.1% on yearon-year basis. Operating IDA for Q1 FI27 stood at rupees 1,25 million a growth of 169% yearonear with an operating Ibida margin of 14.7%. Profit after tax for Q1 FI27 stood at rupees 853 million a growth of 1 79.9% yearonear with a PAT margin of 10.3%. Now I I would like to throw some light on key balance sheet ratios. Return on capital employed was 48.2% while return on equities stood at healthy 44.6%. Gross fixed asset turnover ratio stood at 43.9 times as on 30th June 2026. Our cash conversion cycle as 30th June stood at 96 days. Receivable days improved from 86 days in March 2026 to 78 days in June 2026, reflecting stronger collection. Inventory days increased from 86 days in March to 1 to 10 days in June, primarily on account of a buildup of raw material stock to secure adequate inventory of key inputs in the light of surging global demand for AI computing. Infrastructure net debt as on 30th June 2026 stood at rupees 1,999 million. Our growth priorities remain on track supported by high demand for high-end computing solutions, a healthy order book and a solid pipeline. We are well positioned to deliver consistent revenue and profitability growth going forward. With this, I now hand over the call back to Sema operator. Now we can open the floor for Q&A.

Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their Touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question Q assembles. The first question is from the line of Reu Bet from IFL Capital. Please go ahead.

Yeah. Hi uh good afternoon team. Uh so my first question is um we have seen a very robust build up of order book 35 billion including L1 orders. So if you can share some insights in terms of what has been the mix of orders coming in from the AI customer client and how have we seen the ticket size of AI orders for us moving uh up average? ticket size orders if you can indicate and what type of customer client applications have we seen these orders that's the first question.

So basically thank you for your question actually you you might have seen that basically the it has been a very very robust quarter for us and basically primarily if you see the order book it will give you an indication around 2500 cr we have all the order book already and we have the L1 L1 is that is almost all basically the orders which have been won and not yet received actually that is call it a quasi order book that is also around 800 or 800 odd crores. So approximately if you add both of them it's somewhere around maybe 3,400 crores approximately. So that's a very very healthy order book and basically as you know our ordering cycle our execution cycle is pretty fast actually. So that will give you an indication that basically that can give you some indication of what kind of numbers we can we can expect actually in this financial year. Okay that is one. As far as the order book mix is concerned it is basically as guided by us. Our mix is remaining the same in AI supercomputing as well as primarily on the the private cloud side. So basically it will remain that way but basically you can say the order book may be around 40 to 45% should be around on the AI side of it and balance should be between the other two segments. So all the three pillars are very robust and growing very fast for us and they are very much intact actually. So that's exactly I'd like to answer you

and sir to support this kind of growth uh do we I think incrementally we might have to invest in uh assembly facilities or assembly facilities to ramp up capacities but the current capacity is sufficient enough to drive 50 60% kaggle growth.

Reu you know that basically we are a primarily not a we are a capability basically driven kind of organization not basically primarily we are driven by capacity okay so currently also you know that we don't do any kind of contract manufacturing has any the facilities which we have built up as we have told you earlier also was already built up for basically sustaining a huge turnover of 3,000 plus KES so definitely that is there so I think at this level we don't think we need to do any major capex some light capex will go on and routine KEX goes on continuously that will still go on but basically I'm not guiding on any for any new capeex as such recently

sure uh so secondly if you look on the working capital side improvement um which has been seen and uh it's clearly reflected from the numbers also that um cash has been deployed to source materials and broad inventories. So in this context if you look at the growth expectation um how do we see the growth funding requirement for the company uh to drive this 4,000 crores of revenue and loss for

so so reu thanks for this I'll take that this is Sanjit so I think the as you can see the last quarter the growth has been very very high and I think for the first time in a very long in many quarters we've had a a positive debt closing figure reflective of the growth and obviously as Sanjay had guided already that not guided really but L1 and the order book is significantly large for us to drive a very strong growth in the current financial year. So obviously we will have we will uh we will invest in uh the company will have to invest in the in the working capital for growth. We do not want a situation where a very large growth looking at the pipeline is available for us to grab and uh we don't grab it because of the lack of capital. So obviously we will we will take calls as to in what form and when we will uh introduce capital, debt, equity or any combination but as of now we've not found out uh uh what what trajectory will go.

Sure. Um thank you sir. I have one more question if I can ask on the competitive landscape given that the AI deployment uh is growing multiffold in the domestic Indian market. Uh how have you seen the competitive environment uh has it intensified domestic foreign players or network continues to uh have a dominant share in the space and if you have any input on the market share that would be helpful. Thank you.

So basically on the competition numbers speak actually really speaking you can see basically how numbers are is speaking basically 62% of revenue came from the AI here actually at this point of time I'm very proud to say we are shipping the highest number of the the large GPU deals we are trying to do but primarily as you know we don't target the volume kind of thing we don't do any box selling we primarily try to focus on more and more solutions so basically the focus will remain intact and basically we are very since because of our strategic relationship with our technology providers we are very well placed so as to handle any competition we were earlier also placed and now also we are placed so in this situation we definitely have end toend design as since we do we do the complete hardware software design and manufacturing. So that kind of offering definitely helps us to keep our competitive advantage actually.

Thank you.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of DH Meta from Inesco India Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.

Uh thanks for taking my question. Uh so can you share uh so There has been a new order disclosure which you have shared which includes a strategic order. So just uh for comparativity purpose can you share either like what was this number uh the pipeline L1 and the order book in the last quarter including the strategic orders or perhaps uh x of strategic orders what what are these numbers in Q1 that will help investors in terms of compatibility that's the first question.

Okay we'll wait for your second question and then answer to better.

Okay. And uh so if I'm not wrong, this quarter also has some strategic order execution. Uh yet our margins have increased. So I want to understand what has led to this? Is it the case that because of inventory buildup, we were able to price slightly higher because we had memory chips already bought at a lower price or what drove this?

I will take the first one first. Uh so if you look at the order pipeline which which we have released this year it is uh upwards of uh 10,000 crores. Now uh if last as you know we had been guiding that we are not guiding for the strategic order and we will take it as it comes that was because if you go back a year year and a half uh this this whole uh AI mission and the AI large AI orders were evolving but as we reflect and as we have gone through this cycle for the last 20 believe that this is something which now is as a part of a normal business. So we do not want to segregate uh both of them. It's uh this includes all kind of pipeline that we whether it's AI, whether it is HPC etc etc. So this is how we're going to report as we go forward. Uh it it will it gives better clarity to the market as to what is the overall business that we are chasing and that's the reason we have uh now started to reflect the uh entire pipeline. into our pipeline pool. Uh that's that's how it answers the first question. The second question I will uh

yes question basically on the margin front basically I will try to answer it and then Ankit can add on that. So basically if you really see the margins are very well within our guidance range actually we have always been guiding basically it has been very stable actually we have been always been saying that our margins will remain between 13 to 14%. And it will basically some basis point up and down is always possible because it cannot be controlled to to that level actually but still basically it's a very very delighting fact that still when the when the turn turnover and company is growing at 90%. Still we are keeping our margins intact so basically uh it's very much within the guiding range there is no question of some memory pricing or something because basically we have the pricing power we as I have been always been mentioning that we we price our products very well to our customers and we want to price our products appropriately so that we show value for money to to our customer. It's not that that today if memory is or sometimes some some kind scarcity is there we increase the price or something of that nature. That's not the tendency of the company. The company has very clear mandate to basically show value of money to the customers because we see the repeat customer revenue for us is phenomenal. All customers are associated with us for many years altogether. The kind of trust and relationship which we build our customers is really very high for that. So we have maintained that. So in that line I will still keep on guiding as I have been guiding. If you see my if you see reports for last 3 four years you'll find the memory the the margin in the similar range and it will remain in the similar range

okay Fred uh so ju just uh I think in the first question I also mentioned if you can share the comparable number of what was the pipeline and L L1 and the order book including strategic orders in the last quarter so at least we can compare has the pipeline grown on a like to like basis has the L1 grown on like to like bas um of course it has grown but I don't think we have that number uh handy at this point in time because we will have to then go back and turn it out.

I think it's probably not last year last quarter

last quarters he have not he not given the pipeline for so what he's asking about this he's saying that so our pipeline was 44 4,400 crores without the strategic now it is merged so obviously there has been growing every it's it's grown but we don't have the exact number of the last quarter sitting Yeah, sure. Thank you.

Okay. Thank you.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jatin Kalra from Bank of America. Please go ahead.

Uh hi. Uh uh thank you for taking my question. Uh congratulations uh to the network team. Uh Sanji, my first question uh is around uh your incremental addition uh to your pipeline. Uh it would be great to understand uh you know, break up of the incremental addition to the pipeline uh that you've reported uh between government versus private enterprises versus some of these new cloud companies that are your customers. Uh which of the engine would you think is hiring the most and is this mainly coming from your existing customers or do you expect to onboard any new large customers uh through your pipeline? Uh the second part to that uh question is uh in the past you've generally indicated that you expect to convert about uh 55 60% of your pipeline in a span of about 18 to 24 months. Uh does the current pipeline also fit in that plan? I have another one but yeah I'll I'll first uh

yes so basically I'd like to tell you one thing we not we avoid basically because pipeline is something very very confidential to the company because these are prospective orders. Okay. And basically for competitive advantage reasons we will not like to disclose too much actually that's very clear. So we should keep we should You should basically respect the confidentiality of the company because it it serves a business interest. So basically I will not like to disclose the too much details about the pipeline because the pipeline is still a pipeline. As regards your second question I would like to give you very good comfort the basically the factor which I have been always been guiding that 60% conversion ratio still I will keep on guiding that once you see the pipeline growing so much still I like to guide you that basically 60% of this pipeline is expected to get converted. The dynamics of our own having basically an case into the pipeline remains the same actually. So I think that answers your question. Understood. Great. Uh that very well answers it. Uh my second question uh Sanji is uh you know some of your existing market customers on the private cloud side uh you know like let's say uh for an example in HCL uh they have recently announced that they will also be setting up AI data centers uh you know with capeex planned on their own books. And we have obviously you know heard some of these more examples coming from these larger conglomerates. So the ecosystem you know in that manner uh appears to be expanding. Uh would love to hear your views on you know what's your go to market strategy uh for some of this work. Uh do do you think they will prefer the OEM route uh more or you know they also have the option to go to box sellers with their own design. Where do you think they will tilt more uh is essentially uh what would really help us uh gauge that demand. Uh thank you so much.

So basically on specific deals I will not like to talk about but primarily I like to tell you all this is very interesting times actually really speaking you see and that is being reflected from last two quarters of the growth which my AI segment is showing actually at this point of time the the completely in-house design and basically our software stack and everything is adding lot of advantages. So definitely we have a competitive advantage while we are placing in front of a customer and customers are recognizing that and customers are really adopting our solutions. more what they were doing earlier even so that is there so markets is basically you know the worldwide demand of AI compute is phenomenal actually at this point of time and as it looks like that basically for at least for next one and a half to two years it will remain the same it's and basically the most important thing which we should not ignore and which we should look into is the India demand for AI basically what is happening the whole world is looking for data centers to India today you see all the all the large cloud providers everybody wants to come and set up data centers in India actually for doing their AI workload and different kind of workloads. All that works very positively for the country and if you really see more than the compute the data center equipment is under shortage. Actually data center equipment means the racks the the the the chillers and all those things the mechanical things are getting into shortage. So that itself is a great indicator how this industry is growing. So basically I think we have a very robust pipeline and all these are really good opportunities which you mentioned definitely will have our share in them.

Understood. Uh that's really helpful. Uh thank you so much and congratulations once again.

Thank you.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sepa from Equir Securities. Please go ahead.

Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations to the whole team. Uh so the first question you answered that in terms of conversion of pipeline uh even with the strategic order included would be closer to 60%. But whether the timeline to convert gets further extended because strategic order could be bulky deals and the decision making could be slightly slower versus normal deals.

Thank you SP G. Basically your question is very relevant. The tenure basically normally we used to say 18 months but basically it will remain 18 to 24 months but not beyond that. Okay.

Okay. And uh sir, even in this year with robust increase in the order book uh you believe 1H would still contribute 35 40% of the whole year revenue or you believe the ratio could be more or less familiar in 1 and 2.

I think yeah you answer it.

So Sanjep slightly difficult to say because you know we exiting some of the large orders and you know uh that the difference between something falling in one quarter to the next quarter is a day. I mean if you're trying to ask me to project on a day's uh you know decision is very difficult but you know you've seen the pipeline and you've seen the uh L1 you've seen the L1 and order book so I think you can decipher the full year and I think that should be more important.

Okay. Okay. And looking at the raw material prices and uh the memory prices uh the GPU CPU prices and supply chain management issues because of geopolitical issues. You believe uh there till these things normalize we may need to have 100 110 days of inventory on a going forward basis inventory.

So u uh Sep uh on the inventory days the inventory approach has actually acting as a hedge not a risk first of all. So maintaining the uh inventory days is actually help ble to uh to cater the uh the strong order book what we have and as far as the memory prices are concerned and the uh so we do not see it softening in next couple of quarter maybe year soj just to answer your question if we obviously it has kept us in goodstead that we have been able to stock up and uh there's a very strong pipeline and obviously we would like to maintain the inventory levels and plus b Basically please as has been always been mentioning we are our business is very predictable please understand that we are not into box business basically I know what's going to come so we don't basically depend on basically we are not reactive on our orders okay so we are able to advance plan very well actually that really helps us to keep our margins intact and these basically these price disturbances definitely I will not like to say that these doesn't impact us but we are able to handle them much more better

okay fair enough And just the last question uh globally enterprises are also evaluating the Chinese open-source models to optimize their token cost. I do agree it is too early to predict this for the Indian enterprises but uh could that lead to delay in decision making for enterprises to order AIEL server because they may be evaluating which kind of a blackmail chips to be uh ordering and optimizing that token cost. So any color on a medium to longer term in terms of any delay in decision making

thanks for the question. So basically I tell you that you know emergence of Chinese foundational players or let's say the other US players I mean the emergence is only uh you know widening the horizon of uh Indian uh foundational model landscape in the country and that is ultimately or eventually you know driving the growth in the country in terms of AI assistance or AI adoption. So I would say that this whole uh exercise I mean which is going on across the world. This is helping so models to you know first of all built as part of the regulatory actions by the country which is ultimately leading towards the adoption of more AI systems. So I think this is only uh you know emerging as an opportunity for us. It is no you know nowhere acting as a threat to us. So I think we are welcoming the you know whatever is happening worldwide. So we are welcoming all this and I think this is is going to have a very good reflection on the Indian market as well.

Okay. Okay. And the last question if I can squeeze uh in terms of uh the uh AI overall demand tailwind we were earlier mentioning it has two legs. One the demand coming from cloud service provider which we have started witnessing some traction through order and the second leg coming from uh government as a order as a customer. So whether that second leg also started forming part of the deal pipeline and the order book.

I think as of now we can only say that the you know the pipeline that we have is is a very strong pipeline and uh you know definitely the the the thing you have mentioned that you know the on-pre uh procurement activities you know by by the government so that has already been taken care of by us in our pipeline. So answer to question is yes and uh I think we are very well placed for both the streams of business. So whether it is coming through CSPs or for the on-prem part so I think we have taken uh care of it very well. So we are fully prepared to prepared for it.

Okay. Thanks and all the best.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vine from Mun Capital. Please go ahead.

Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. Uh just couple of things. One is uh you know In ter of L1 plus adbook the number is about 3,400 odd rows. Now typically you have always mentioned you execute this over 8 to 12 weeks. Uh is that the correct understanding even for now?

So basically 8 to 12 weeks was earlier now we we are measuring basically 16 to 20 weeks. So that's the kind of guidance we would like to give but it can stretch a little bit or can be early actually.

Okay. Okay. That that is very helpful and this R&D You have mentioned on you know physical area and quantum computing obviously these are much larger opportunities. Uh what kind of expenditure could go here in terms of percentage of revenue. Uh what kind of quantum are we looking at from this question?

These are not guiding on revenue at all or these are the new opportunities which we're talking about and will answer.

So basically your primary question was this only that when do we see the revenue or uh what percentage we see coming from these two verticals. So we are very clear that we are right now not uh uh uh you know liking to basically guide about it. So I think we have entered into these two verticals you know with a clear thought process because the products are quite relatable and we have got some offerings which are going to make us fit into these segments. So that way we are gearing up and we are prepared for you know venturing into this these two verticals. So that much we can disclose at this moment.

Okay. Okay. My question is more about what kind of cost are we putting to R&D and uh like if any quantum or anything which you can mention which any any guidance on what kind of money is going into it I think that would be

so basically we are not quantifying it actually V the thing is that that basically primarily we you know we we have a huge R&D team now basically around 125 people are there into the R&D team very usually focused so basically again these are logical extensions of the work we are trying to do actually physical AI is also basically very very relevant what we're doing so it's a logical extension so slowly you will see the results also and investments we cannot quantify at this point of time.

Okay. And one last thing is are you working with any Indian companies on the LM side because you know with Chinese models coming up uh do we you know kind of anticipate Indian models maybe in the next 3 6 months and are we working with any of them on those kind of projects?

So the good part is that some of the largest uh players in the country they happen to use our systems at the back end. So that which we can disclose and uh we take pride in that. that we are able to build the AI backbone of the country you know using which you know these kind of players on which India is also you know driving their AI journey so they are ultimately using our infra at the back end so that much we can share with you and uh I think that's how we are serving them and in future also you know we have plans to serve them in many ways

okay thank you so much thank you

thank you thank you for all

Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohit from CLSA. Please go ahead.

Uh hi, thank you sir. Uh I actually had a couple of questions. Uh the first on uh the component inflation that we are seeing uh in memory and other components that are going on in AI and how does that um uh how how has that played a role in uh revenue acceleration for this quarter and how has that affected both margins and working capital.

So basically as regards I cannot say that that these things doesn't impact us but telling you very clearly as I have been mentioning very clearly from day one that we are not reactive players we are basically we we it's a very predictable kind of company what business we do so we take our time basically to close the orders and all those kind of things are there we know what is going to happen so accordingly we are able to plan better plus the direct technology relationships which we have our technology providers that also helped us to to enter into long-term contracts and to basically secure our pricing and all and in case any new order which is being talked about the we the passover for the pricing definitely happens. So basically there is very minimal impact which company tries to take from these price increases and all those kind of things as that is there your second part of the

and along with this there is also a shortage shocks which is going through the industry. So for that we need to have definitely have to have the inventory in hand because this actually helps to do the uh delivery execution on the right uh timing. So that's that is why the inventory days have been deliberately been taken as a decision not it's not a drift of increasing the inventory days.

Right. So quick clarification uh with respect to given how memory prices have increased uh over the last few months uh when you all would have taken a particular contract uh uh has it kind of been a price through or you all would already have that as a backto-back arrangement um uh before you all kind of um uh sign on a contract in order to deliver any of the three offerings that you'll have.

Um yeah Rohit I think we've answered this a couple of times. I don't know when you joined this call you've clearly said that this is a predictable business and the planning of what Order receive happens long back and for the existing orders we already have orders in place. So there is no question of a significant change in the costing on what we are uh what we've got order on and what we billing for future. Obviously we when we bid we bid at on the basis of the current prices. So I think uh this is a very well established uh situation and we answered this in one of the previous questions and plus

I hope this clarifies

and plus basically you might have seen our margins are not impacted actually had our margins got impacted then you the question of where the memory prices impacted us. So you have the testimony in front of you actually really speaking.

So that's actually very commendable because it actually shows it's not actually a simple pass through right because if you're actually getting a margin uh it's either kind of either constant or actually increasing despite the price increases that's commendable and which is what I kind of uh got the question as to how are you able to make that happen.

Yeah but basically I would like to again clarify that we are not over charging our customers. We are pricing our products very very appropriately. We are not taking advantage of the situation and trying to overcharge a customer. If anybody has that intuition kindly clear that there is nothing of that nature.

Yeah. Yeah. Because every every order every quarter margin cannot be exactly the same and yes. This is not a consumer product, right? So there will be differential in margins. But what is more important is that we build our cost. We we predict our business and accordingly we plan our supply chain. That's very very important.

Right. And maybe um uh another question in terms of just the availability of uh some of the components especially on um uh uh the uh AI leg uh do you all see uh any risk on the execution if at all? Uh uh have you all seen any of that in maybe not in the last quarter because have grown so well but is that something that is a risk for the forthcoming quarters?

Actually people have got used to this scarcity actually really speaking the world is The scarcity is not a new thing. Now we are seeing this for basically for uh we have been seeing it for couple of years now. Recently since last few quarters the scarcity is increasing but definitely better that has made us much more basically uh I think much more matured so as to plan better. So if you're planning better I think and since we have since we have direct relationships with our technology providers and we we basically we do manufacturing ourselves. So we are in a better supply situation than others. Hence we are able to to sustain this and uh sail through well.

Uh got it. Uh thanks a lot. Uh that's all that I had and wish you guys all the best.

Thank you sir.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshai from AK investments. Please go ahead.

Uh hi s first of all congratulations on the great set of number. Uh sir my first question is recently we had the exchange billing of 1200 K. So what is the rational for uh uh 1200 KR QIP.

No, I I don't know where you got this news for the QIP. I haven't seen anything like that, there was an enabling uh resolution which you took to raise capital if need be. It has a validity of 12 months. So I having said that uh for the growth if at some stage we think we'll need to raise capital we'll we'll look at it.

Okay, understood. Fair enough. And sir, my second question is about the future growth areas. Yes, for the uh presentation. So what are we developing in the physical AI and quantum computing and uh over the uh uh when can we see some meaningful development on that front uh going forward?

So see uh thanks for the question first. So as we have clearly mentioned that these are the two areas of the product lines we are venturing into. So at this point of time we can uh you know we are at the liberty to disclose this much only but yes as you as you have seen in case of the other product lines also so we have always uh you know been very serious and consistent about our efforts with respect to each product line. So same goes with this case also for quantum and uh you know physical AI. So we have started putting in our efforts our R&D efforts and all. So I think uh in in coming quarters or you know uh you'll start seeing the results coming. So for now this much information can be shared with you.

Okay. Fair enough and all the best.

Thank you.

Thank you. The next question is from the of Mani Mir Singh Sati from Sati Capitals please go ahead Singhi please go ahead.

Hello.

Yeah. Hi man.

Yeah man.

Hello sir. So uh in last in May call there was 1600 per order Saturday code. as mentioned in the PPT. Can you please tell me how much of that 600 cr strategy order was consumed in Q1 this year?

So, so out of that 1,600 cr strategy order close to 430 cr was executed in this June quarter.

Okay. And my second question is resp uh with regard to the our funding we have uh we are uh fundraising 1200 crores right so uh is will there be such more fundings going on uh after that

uh I no no no so first of all we haven't raised so there's no question of furthermore we've taken an enabling resolution uh uh the we have a very strong growth pipeline so if and when we need to raise capital we'll raise capital it's just enabling resolution which will which is valid for 12 months I think beyond this I don't have anything to say at this point in time.

Okay. Okay. Thank you sir. That's all from my

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Omar from Shri Investments. Please go ahead.

So just one one clarification first question. Uh you said that uh you don't have anything to say on the enabling reservation which you have taken but at least you can tell us like at first place why did you take that call and and what it is for exactly.

Yeah. So I told that I gave that answer. Uh we are if you you've seen the pipeline and the order book that we have. It is possible that in order to pursue that both we may at some stage need capital which form of capital whether it will be debt or equity we have not decided but at that point in time we cannot suddenly raise the resolution and take the capital. So we have taken an enabling resolution for this. At this point in time we

Yes. Please go ahead. Yeah, that's it.

Yeah. But uh is it for additional capacity expansions because you have already said that it is not certain something which you are currently doing. Then there must be some purpose for taking the enabling resolution to

Yeah. It is for

Yeah. So this is for growth capital for we will need working capital for growth. It is if any capital be there will be for that only for working capital.

So this is for working capital right? If If you raise anything,

if you raise anything before working capital, you're right.

And not for any uh M&A or something like that.

No, no, no, not at all. Not at all. Absolutely no.

So, so this is only for working capital if and only if you decide to do it, right?

Yeah. We will argue for working capital. No, M&A. Absolutely.

Okay. And like uh for the next uh I I mean it's too early to ask about this, but uh like whenever this uh strategic order they start to fade away like how do you see the realistically your growth numbers or do you think it's too early to ask or they are coming

I don't think we have guided any strategic order separately so I think we must check the current uh there is no strategic order now all orders are normal orders actually the strategic is the new normal

and like for how much period do you think that will be like a normal We don't know. We don't know that.

That's a very different question. I mean we can tell you that this order pipeline and the order book is going to serve us for 2 years as we said and I mean it's very difficult beyond that sitting today to address. Obviously we would continue to grow confident to be very confident on growing absolutely the business discourse is also you know taking its own shape now. So basis on that only we have started disclosing this way.

So this strategic orders you are saying They are the new normal ones. We already whatever we had to say we have already said that.

No, I'm asking just that.

You're asking.

So these are the new orders, right?

You're asking what you already answered.

Okay. And given the government's also focus on this, how do you see this sector in the coming years? I know the huge potential but uh if you can contribute something to this, it will be helpful.

I think we have put up that's why we specifically put up the industry slides and you can see the kind of growth that some of these sectors are looking at uh I mean at a very conservative level I would say that they're talking of a 38% CAGGR at the at the national level which is huge which for the next 3 years which which are four years next four years so there's a huge amount of headroom it's it's the market is for for people to capture now we'll have to strategize to capture it as much as we can.

This 38% CH for next four years you are saying is for like the entire category you are saying

it's for the AI for product line only for the EI for the product line of the product lines also the headroom is I mean there is a huge headroom available for so we have uh clearly showed the figures for that as well.

Uh just finally if you can answer like currently everything is looking Oh, everything.

Sorry to interrupt Mr. Mr. Sorry to interrupt. Uh, may we request that we return to the question Q for follow-up questions. The next question is from the line of Jatin Kalra from Bank of America. Please go ahead.

Uh, hi. Uh, thanks for the followup. Uh, this one is more on the bookkeeping lines uh to Ankit. Uh, Ankit, it it does seem like that the R&D effort that we've been putting in uh is generally uh expensed uh in our P&L. Uh just wanted to understand uh you know what's the typical consideration that goes behind expensing it uh versus uh capitalizing it because do understand that software for us is definitely uh you know a mode uh so you know why not capitalize it versus expensing it just your thoughts on on the consideration. Thank you.

Yeah so Jatin uh as you know that we have uh always maintain this policy of not capitalizing it because uh we do not want the balance sheet to have any kind of fictitious asset. So because the R&D has been expensed off since day one uh of the of the company and uh this there are lot of factors which goes in R&D we cannot quantify it properly but yes there is a team of 125 people in the R&D they continuously work on that area along with that there are testing labs there are lot of equipments which goes into the R&D So all these uh considering that fact we do not capitalize because the R&D evolution is very fast and that is what we had been maintaining. So just uh I will just like to add here Jatin you understand that there is a huge amount of technology upgrade which happens every time and we continuously invest in R&D if you start capitalizing it the balance sheet will become bloated and at some stage some of these R&D will convert into uh monetizable business some will not. I think it's a great that we are not uh capitalizing it. Believe me uh the investors love it. Uh everybody loves it and we want to be conservative as we are on our guidance as well.

Uh perfect. That is really clear. Uh thank you so much.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ja Lakshmi Gupta from the wealth company. Please go ahead.

Uh hi sir. Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on good set of numbers. So I noticed that certain balance sheet numbers for your prior period has been restated. So could you explain the nature of these changes whether they are due to accounting change policy especially if you see net and secondly also could you help me understand the expected conversion timeline of 104 billion the billion rupees pipeline. Uh specifically what portion of that do you expect or that you expect to be converted in FI 27 and FYI 28.

On the first question regarding the balance, yeah, regarding the balance sheet, there was a reinstatement on account of the inventory policy. So, we shifted our inventory valuation from FIFO to the moving weighted average method that is to actually get in line with the with the proper policy of maintaining the inventory uh going forward. So, so that is there. Uh sir second part second part I will answer second part second part

your second part is basically uh the I already answered that question whatever funnel you are seeing total that the conversion ratio conversion cycle for that will be around 18 to 24 months and but basically we have already given you the order book which you can which will get converted as as indicated but we cannot guide what what portion of the funnel will get converted this year and all that. that is basically but uh the guidance which you would like to give is the funnel will be basically conversion rate will be around 60%. And uh the conversion time will be around 18 to 24 months.

Uh so and lastly can you give a broad break up of the of your funnel across AI system HPC and cloud business? I basically wanted to understand that AI system share of pipeline has increased materially over the past few quarters or how is it? what you're saying is right but basically since our all our customers are very well integrated and all our solutions are very well integrated so it's very difficult at this point of time to give segment wise funnel

thank you thank you so much

thank you

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anoj Kashab from A3 Capital please go ahead.

good afternoon sir uh thank you for the opportunity uh sir uh My uh question is with the TV it's a little bit of forwardlooking in nature like sir uh what we are reading these days is that that companies first of all it was state who was worried about their data sovereignity now the individual companies are also worried about their data uh the legacy data which they are carrying on their systems so they like that now the market is talking about small small language models or maybe something of that type so don't you think sir like our auto is going to go through the roof like what I'm not like uh um uh but uh like putting much things into it but like uh future is all about like loads and loads of lot data will also increase so don't you think sir like future is all ours in just I wanted because I wanted to know from you because you are in you are in the position like you are in the market so that is why

so whatever you are saying is music to our ears no doubt about that and more than that I would not like to comment anything more

and s last time sir uh you tell He told that like exports are like four to 5% of your book of your uh contribution these days and so what is the future sir are we looking for it or our hands are quite full now

the domestic demand is phenomenal actually okay and so first the idea is to service the Indian customers so we we have that so we'll definitely do that first then we look at exports you are seeing our growth you are seeing basically we uh whatever we are guiding we are overperforming from that so basically you can see the market is is growing in the worldwide. India needs the AI systems. Indian service providers, Indian LLM providers, Indian SLM providers, all of them needs that. Okay. At this point of time, hence basically I think exports is we are not focusing on exports actually.

Thank you sir. Best of luck for the future. Thank you.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarab Sadhuani from Sahasur Capital. Please go ahead. Mr. Sorup Sahadwani please go ahead.

Hello I'm sorry I was speaking on mute. Good afternoon everyone. Um I was looking at the Ethernet switch portfolio of the company and there are two switches right now based on the Broadcom platform. that have a maximum port bandwidth of 100 GB. So the first question I wanted to understand was how is the demand for the switches in India uh basically for for maybe higher bandwidths and maybe the Nvidia spectrum as secondly what is our uh product development pipeline for these switches now

so basically as uh we as as you know the company's objective is not to sell boxes. So basically we have stopped our focus on selling switches independently. So switches definitely we are in in line with the market actually with the current high bandwidth switches but we are trying to use it in our own solution. Hence we are not disclosing it as a separate basically product skew on our basically where product details available but definitely you are right the switching is an important component and basically we are clear we clearly know that and all the solutions which we are selling like DB300, B300 and all all are based on the latest architecture and primarily the switching is very important and we are already uh selling those switches in our solutions.

Okay sir. Uh thank you. Thank you so much

ladies and gentlemen. We will take that as the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjie Sanjiti for closing comments. Please go ahead.

Um thanks uh thanks a lot uh everybody for taking out time for this call. Really appreciate and uh wish you all the best. Thank you to IC also for ICE also for organizing this call so well. Thank you Simma G. Thank you.

On behalf of ICIC Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
