    HARIBHAKTI & CO. LLP
    Chartered Accountants


   Independent Auditor’s Review Report on quar
                                               terly Unaudited Standalone Financial Resu
   GOCL Corporation Limited pursuant to the                                              lts of
                                               Regulation 33 of SEBI (Listing Obligations
   Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015                                             and
                                               (as amended)
   To the Board of Directors
   GOCL Corporation Limited

   A We have reviewed the accompanying Statemen
                                                        t of Unaudited Standalone Financial Resul
        GOCL Corporation Limited (“the Company”                                                   ts of
                                                      ) for the quarter ended June 30, 2026
        Statement”), being submitted by the Company                                              (“the
                                                        pursuant to the requirements of Regulation 33
        of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
                                                        Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended
        (‘Listing Regulations’).

        This Statement, which is the responsibility of the Comp
                                                                                           any’s Manageme
                                                                                nt and approved by the
       Company’s Board of Directors, has been prepa
                                                        red in accordance with the recognition and
       measurement principles laid down in Indian
                                                         Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial
       Reporting” prescribed under Section 133 of the Comp
                                                             anies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with relevant
       rules issued thereunder (hereinafter referred to as
                                                            “the said Indian Accounting Standard”) and
       other accounting principles generally accepted in
                                                           India. Our responsibility is to issue a report
       on the Statement based on our review.

       We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance
                                                                                      ard on Review      with the Stand
       Engagements (SRE) 2410, “Review of Interim Financ
                                                                ial Information Performed by the
       Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Instit
                                                               ute of Chartered Accountants of India.
       This standard requires that we plan and perform the revie
                                                                   w to obtain moderate assurance as
       to whether the Statement is free of material misstateme
                                                                 nt. A review is limited primarily to
       inquiries of the Company personnel and analytical proce
                                                                 dures applied to financial data and
       thus provide less assurance than an audit. We have not perfo
                                                                                                        rmed an audit and accordingly,
       we do not express an audit opinion.

       Based on our review conducted and procedures performed as
                                                                                                          stated in paragraph 3 above,
      nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that
                                                                         the accompanying Statement,
      prepared in accordance with the recognition and measuremen
                                                                      t principles laid down in the said
      Indian Accounting Standard and other accounting principles
                                                                      generally accepted in India, has
      not disclosed the information required to be disclosed in terms of Regula
                                                                                   tion 33 of the Listing
      Regulations, including the manner in which it is to be disclosed,
                                                                        or that it contains any material
      misstatement.




                                        v
Haribhakti & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (LLPIN: AAC-3768)
Registered office: 904A, 9" Floor, R Square, Andheri-Kurla Road, Near Chakala Metro Station, J. B. Nagar, Mumbai-40005
www.haribhakti.co.in | info@haribhakti.co.in | Tel: +91 22 6672 9998                                                   9.
Other offices: Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Kolkata.
