HARIBHAKTI & CO. LLP
Chartered Accountants


Emphasis of Matter
6. We draw attention to Note 4 to the Statement, which describes that the corporate guarantees
   aggregating Rs. 131,610 lakhs, were not processed as Related Party Transactions and accordingly,
   prior approval of the Audit Committee, Board of Directors and shareholders was not obtained as
   required under the relevant provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations. These transactions
   were subsequently ratified by the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors at their respective
   meetings held on May 29, 2026, and the post-facto shareholders’ approval was obtained on July
     07, 2026 through postal ballot and the Company is in process of making necessary applications to
     the regulatory authorities. Based on management’s internal assessment and legal advice,
     necessary adjustments and disclosures have been made in the Statement to the extent
     considered appropriate. Pending regularisation, the outcome of the above matter is not expected
     to have a material impact on the Statement.
     QOur conclusion on the statement is not modified in respect of this matter.
Other Matter
7.   We did not review the interim financial information of one subsidiary included in the Statement,
     whose interim financial information reflect total revenue of Rs. Nil, total net profit after tax of
     Rs. 829.11 lakhs and total comprehensive income of Rs. 653.91 lakhs for the quarter ended June 30,
     2026 as considered in the Statement. This interim financial information has been reviewed by other
     auditor whose review report has been furnished to us by the Management and our conclusion on the
     Statement, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of this subsidiary
     is based solely on the review report of the other auditor and the procedures performed by us as
     stated in paragraph 3 above.

     This subsidiary is located outside India whose financial information have been prepared in
     accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in that country and which has been
     reviewed by other auditor under generally accepted auditing standards applicable in that country.
     The Holding Company’s management has converted the financial information of the subsidiary
     located outside India from accounting principles generally accepted in that country to accounting
     principles generally accepted in India. We have reviewed these conversion adjustments made by
     the Holding Company’s management. Our conclusion in so far as it relates to the balances and affairs
     of the subsidiary located outside India is based on the review report of other auditor and the
     conversion adjustments prepared by the management of the Holding Company and reviewed by us.

     Our conclusion on the Statement is not modified in respect of this matter.


For Haribhakti & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No.103523W/W100048




Snehal Shah
Partner
Membership No.: 048539
UDIN: 26048539IDHXAK5820
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 13, 2026
