Notes:
    1 The above unaudited standalone financial results have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind
      2013 and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and in terms of Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing       AS) prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act,
      These unaudited standalone financial resuits for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026 have been reviewed                 Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
      Company at their meefing held on August 13, 2026. These unaudited standalone financial results have been by  the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of Directors. of the
                                                                                                                subjected to limited review by the Statutory Auditors of the Company and
      the Statutory Auditors have expressed an unmodified conclusion.
      As per Ind AS 108 ‘Operating segments', the Company has disclosed the segment information only as part of the unaudited consolidated financial results.



N
      The figures for the Quarter ended March 31, 2026 are the balancing figures between the audited standalone firancial results



©
      unaudited standalone financial results for the period ended December 31, 2025 which were subjected to limited review.       for the year ended March 31, 2026 and the published

      The figures for the previous quarter/ year have been regroupedirearranged wherever necessary to conform to the current quarter classification.
N
o     The Audit committee and Board of Directors at their respective meetings held on May 29, 2026, had ratified Corporate Guarantees extended by the Company to Hinduia National
      Power Corporation Limited (HNPCL) Rs. 109,610 Lakhs (given in earier year) and Hinduja Energy India Limited Rs. 22,000 Lakhs (given in December 2025), secured
      the Company's immovable properties, in respect of borrawings avalled by those entities from                                                                             by charge on
                                                                                                      banks/ financial instiuions. These guarantes, though approved by the Board of
      Directors and disclosed to stock exchanges at the time of execution, were not processed as Related
      of Directors and shareholders were not obtained. The Company has obtained post facto shareholders' Party Transactions and accordingly, prior approval of the Audit Committee, Board
                                                                                                             approval on July 07, 2026 through postal balot and is in process of making
      necessary applications to the regulatory authorities.
     Based on internal assessment and legal advice from subject matter expert, necessary adjustments/ disclosure have been made in the
     extent considered appropriate and the outcome of the said matter is not expected to have a material impact on the Unaudited StandaloneUnaudited  Standalone Financial Results {o the
                                                                                                                                            Financial Results.
     The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on December 15, 2025, inter alia had approved a ‘Scheme of Merger by Absorption’
E




     Power Corporation Limited (HNPCL’) with and into the Company subject to requisite statutory and regulatory approvals and sanction of the Horble (‘scheme”) of Hinduja National
     (NCLT). During the quarter, the Company received no objection letters from the Stock Exchanges and fied scheme with Hon'ble NCLT. On July 30,National Company Law Tribunal
     acceding approval has made certain abservations. The Company is in the pracess of preferring an appeal before Hon'ble National Company           2026, Hon'ble NCLT while not
     Pending the requisite regulatory approvals, no effect of the scheme has been given in the Un-audited Standalone Financial Results.            Law Appeliate Tribunal (NCLAT).

     Pursuant to the approval of the Board of Directors at their meeting held on March 23, 2026, the Company entered into an Agreement to Sell on March
5




     Reatty and Infrastucture Limited for the sale of the Company's property situated at Yelahanka, Bengaluru, known as “Ecopolis.” The property 27, 2026 with the SPVs of Tata
     Development Agreement (JDA) with Hinduja Realty Ventures Limited. The Company shall be entitied to receive consideration of approximately          is presently held under a Joint
                                                                                                                                                  Rs. 81,500 lakhs from the transaction.
     During FY 2025-26, the Company had received an advance of Rs. 100 lakhs towards the proposed sale. Accordingly, the property has been reclassified
     for Sale " and the advance received has been ciassified under “Liabiliies Associated with Non-current Assets Held for Sale". The Company s in process  as “Non-current Assets Held
     precedent to sale deed and pending completion of formalities, no sale has been executed.                                                                   of completing conditions
