  HARIBHAKTI & CO. LLP
 Chartered Accountants

 Independent Auditor’s Review Report on quarterly Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results of
 G OCL Corporation Limited pursuant to the Regulation 33 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and
                                                                                  Disclosures
 Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended)

 To The Board of Directors
 GOCL Corporation Limited


 1. We have reviewed the accompanying Statement of Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results of
    GOCL Corporation Limited (“the Holding Company”) and its subsidiary (the Holding Company and its
    subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”) for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 (“the
    Statement”), being submitted by the Holding Company pursuant to the requirements of Regulation
    33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended
    (‘Listing Regulations’).

2. This Statement, which is the responsibility of the Holding Company’s Management and approved by
   the Holding Company’s Board of Directors, has been prepared in accordance with the recognition
   and measurement principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial
   Reporting” prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with relevant
   rules issued thereunder and other accounting principles generally accepted in India. Our
      responsibility is to issue a report on the Statement based on our review.

3. We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements
   (SRE) 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the
   Entity” issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. This standard requires that we
   plan and perform the review to obtain moderate assurance as to whether the Statement is free of
   material misstatement. A review is limited primarily to inquiries of the Holding Company personnel
   and analytical procedures applied to financial data and thus provide less assurance than an audit.
   We have not performed an audit and accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

     We also performed procedures in accordance with the circular issued by the SEBI under Regulation
     33(8) of the Listing Regulations, to the extent applicable.

4. The Statement includes the results of the following entities:

       Sr. No. | Name of the Company                                                                    Relationship
       1         GOCL Corporation Limited                                                               Holding Company
       2             HGHL Holdings Limited, UK                                                          Wholly Owned subsidiary

5.   Based on our review conducted and procedures performed as stated in paragraph 3 above, and based
     on the consideration of the review report of the other auditor referred to in paragraph 7 below,
     nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying Statement,
     prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in the aforesaid
     Indian Accounting Standard and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, has not
     disclosed the information required to be disclosed in terms of Regulation 33 of the Listing
     Regulations, including the manner in which it is to be disclosed, or that it contains any material
     misstatement.




Haribhakti & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants.(LLPIN: jg;lzm)
Registered office: 904A, 9™ Floor, R Square, Andheri-Kurla Road, Near Chakala Metro Station, J. B. Nagar, Mumbai-400059.
www.haribhakti.co.in | info@haribhakti.co.in | Tel: +91 22 6672 9998
Other offices: Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Kolkata, New Delhi, Pune, Rajkot, Vadodara.
