SOURCE: Max India Limited — Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call, held 12 August 2026
FILED: 2026-08-19 (Reg 30). Bull AI document_id 288f2472-c400-4c59-8592-a7dadb106524
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-18 via Bull AI get_document_chunks, pages 1-20.

===== PAGE 1 =====
August 19, 2026

Listing Department
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai – 400 001
Scrip Code: 543223

Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai – 400051
Name of Scrip: MAXIND

Sub: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call

Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on August 12,
2026, post declaration of Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended
on June 30, 2026, is enclosed.
The same has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at Earnings Call Transcript.
Kindly take the same on your record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Max India Limited
Trapti
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

MAX INDIA LIMITED
CIN: L74999DL2019PLC464953
Corporate Office: Landmark House, 3rd Floor, Plot No. 65, Sector-44, Gurgaon - 122003, Haryana | www.maxindia.com
+91 124 6984444 | Regd. Office: Max House, 1, Dr. Jha Marg, Okhla, New Delhi, India – 110020
Encl.: As above

===== PAGE 2 =====
"Max India Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call"
August 12, 2026
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio
recording uploaded on the stock exchange on 12th August 2026 will prevail.

MAX INDIA LIMITED
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIT MEHTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MAX INDIA LIMITED
MR. SANDEEP PATHAK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
MAX INDIA LIMITED – LEGAL COUNSEL FOR MAX GROUP
MR. ISHAAN KHANNA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ANTARA ASSISTED CARE SERVICES
MR. AJAY AGRAWAL – DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
ANTARA SENIOR LIVING – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – MAX INDIA LIMITED
CHORUS CALL
MR. ANKIT KALRA– CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ANTARA ASSISTED CARE
MR. ABHISHEK SINGH – INVESTOR RELATIONS – MAX INDIA LIMITED
MR. DEVRAJ -STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS

===== PAGE 3 =====
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call hosted
by Max India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal in operator by pressing star then
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajit Mehta, MD and CEO from Max India Limited.
Thank you, and over to you, sir.

Rajit Mehta:
Thank you. Namaste, everybody. A very good morning to all of you. On behalf of Max India
Limited, we extend a very warm welcome to all of you for the Q1 FY27 Earnings Call.
Sincerely, thank you for your continued support, your trust, your confidence, which keeps us
encouraging to undertake this journey in a very fast-evolving sector. Really appreciate your time
for joining us today.
And let me share a few updates. But before that, I have with me my colleague, Ishaan Khanna,
who is the CEO for Antara Assisted Care Services; Ajay Agrawal, Deputy CEO and CFO,
Antara Senior Living and Head of Investor Relations; Sandeep Pathak, who is the CFO for Max
India and also the Legal Counsel for Max Group; Ankit, who is the CFO for Antara Assisted
Care, and Abhishek Singh, who is part of our IR team, and Devraj from SGA, and Rahul as well,
who are our IR Advisors.
We uploaded the deck yesterday. So hopefully, all of you have had a chance to go through it. I
think if I start with what happened in the last quarter, it has been just execution, execution and
execution. We have been focused on executing, and therefore, you're able to see now green
shoots in all parts of the business.
Would like to inform you that after a long, long wait, we have now issued offers of possessions
to all our 340 residents in Antara Noida in the month of June 2026. This is something we have
been waiting for. This is a very important milestone in Antara's journey. We'll be
operationalizing the first community in NCR.
While we have many, many learnings from Dehradun, this is going to be quite different for us
as well. 340 units, 200-300 people moving in the next 30 to 45 days is going to be a vibrant and
buzzing community. We raised a demand of about INR169 crores with the offers of possession.
INR30-odd crores were collected within June, but the rest has now come, most of it in July and
August.
As on date, approximately 75% of total dues have been collected. The rest are becoming due
now, and we should be able to collect them as well. We have started to already put the team
together. There are some people we have seconded from Dehradun to make sure the learnings
and the culture of Dehradun also permeates into Noida, and we'll be ready to welcome the
residents in a few weeks from now.

===== PAGE 4 =====
After that, the focus will now shift to saying that can we go ahead and get the approval for Phase
II, which is where we realize most of our profits. Just to remind you, while the average prices at
which we sold Noida were between INR7,000 to INR10,000, the last deal being INR11,000 or
so, the rates have moved significantly up, and they are in the range of INR16,000, INR18,000
plus. So hopefully, when we launch Phase II, we should be able to realize the profits as well.
We continue to focus on growth of other geographies. I know some of you will be waiting
impatiently saying, why haven't we announced more growth. We are in the last stages of
diligence for a wonderful opportunity in Bangalore.
It's about 300-odd units. It's in north Bangalore, 25 minutes from the airport in Devanahalli
overlooking the Nandi Hills at the back. Potential realization of about INR900 crores in terms
of sales value. We are in the last stage of diligence now with the developer. So let's see how that
goes.
Also aggressively working on a beautiful opportunity in Dehradun. We have had a long waiting
list. We don't have inventory to sell. We have found a small piece of land. It might be just less
than 150 units. But given the sales price we are commanding, the sales value will be again
INR850 crores to INR900 crores.
So if you look at our 1.5 million square feet ambition, about INR1,800 crores of value that we
should be able to achieve with these 2. But we are still working on some more geographies as
well, but these 2 are very specific, so I thought I'll mention them to you. We're also in dialogue
with people in Chennai, Chandigarh and Lucknow.
But these 2 will help us meet the commitment for this year. And obviously, we'll provide
disclosures and more details once we execute the definitive documents.
The expansion in assisted care is exactly as per plan.
The occupancy in 485 beds is gradually increasing and is giving us confidence to explore further
expansion sometime later part of the year. AGEasy is also growing steadily. Whatever teething
issues we have faced with our D2C channel or marketplace is now behind us. And I will share
some numbers with you as we go forward.
The efforts are to make sure we are able to manage the inventory days given the current
geopolitical situation. That is something that come under pressure because of logistics costs and
the ships not being available to bring the material from China. But that is something we are
focusing on and deploying capital very prudently.
We are very clear in our focus in terms of scalability and achieving profitability and
demonstrating path to profitability. And I will share some numbers as I go forward to
substantiate what I'm saying.

===== PAGE 5 =====
If you look at the consol numbers, the revenue grew, Q1 FY27 stood at INR68.6 crores compared
to INR41.3 crores in Q1 FY26, representing a Y-on-Y growth of 66%. On a sequential basis,
revenues marginally declined primarily due to the lumpy way the DM income comes to us.
The EBITDA loss for Q1 FY27 stood at INR25 crores compared to INR23.2 crores in Q1 FY26
and INR6.8 crores in Q4 '26. While revenue saw a decline in AGEasy due to cyclical impact,
the profitability decline was primarily due to the impact of the exceptional DM fee received in
the previous quarter, reflecting the lumpy nature of this revenue.
If I give you some numbers for comparison, if I look at FY24,'25 and '26, the revenue on a consol
basis was INR175 crores in '24, INR145 crores in '25 and INR190 crores in '26, so revenue grew.
The EBITDA loss was INR57 crores in FY24, INR139 crores in '25 and INR121 crores in '26 --
the reason between '24 and '25 was basically we put up 250 beds and also launched AGEasy.
But as you can see now, as the revenue is increasing, the EBITDA losses are now coming down.
So this is a demonstration of our commitment to work towards profitability. As of June 30, 2026,
the treasury assets in Max India level stood at about INR21 crores with a consol net worth of
INR372 crores.
Now coming to residences, starting with Dehradun, the operations continue to be profitable. We
continue to focus on deeper engagement with our residents, cost optimization and profitability.
Operating revenue was INR6.2 crores in Q1 FY27, which is 1.1x Y-on-Y basis, marginally down
by INR7 lakh, primarily due to club membership.
These are all cyclical things will catch up. But our operations profit was a shade better 0.92 Lacs
, which is up 2.3x Y-on-Y and 1.2x Q-on-Q, driven by continued cost optimization. There were
4 units which were re-leased, which gave us additional revenue of approximately INR1.9 crores
in marketing fee. And the community is now fully occupied, quite stable. Therefore, the growth
will be linear in the future.
Coming to Gurgaon, which was the first intergenerational project in Gurgaon, Estate 360
developed by Max Estates fully sold out. Collection continues to be strong, INR22.5 crores,
taking the ITD collections to INR556 crores with a collection efficiency of 87% from inception
to June '26.
And Antara has earned INR47.69 crores of management fee till 30th June '26, out of which INR3
crores has accrued in the current quarter. The second intergenerational project, E361, which we
only launched, if you recall, in December, total 360 units, we launched 180 first and then 180 in
June.
As of June end, the bookings were 154. So April, May, June, the market was sluggish given the
geopolitical situation, but it has now caught up. So while we sold only 27 units in Q1 FY27, in
the month of July alone, we sold about 34 units and a similar trend continues in August. So we
have caught up.

===== PAGE 6 =====
The market is getting back to a little bit of normalcy, and therefore, the sales velocity has now
totally caught up on that side. Total collections, INR108.2 crores since inception. So about 194,
197 units sold so far.
On the Antara Assisted Care side, total bed capacity of 485 beds across 8 Care Homes in NCR,
Bengaluru and Chennai.
We have now completed and relaunched the DLF Phase II, Gurgaon Center in July '26 and all
the 8 centers are now operational. Happy to report that 5 out of the 8 Care Homes are trending
as per the operating model, and we are confident that others will also follow the trend. And we'll
continue to watch this progress very carefully.
The Care Home and Services revenues were INR12.03 crores, up by 1.5x Y-on-Y and 1.1x in
Q-on-Q. The Care Homes revenue on a standalone basis was 1.3x in Q-on-Q. And the OBDs,
the occupied bed days, went up by 23% on a Q-on-Q basis. Many Care Homes, as I said, are
showing very good trends.
The occupancy, Bannerghatta, Bangalore, 41% in Q1 FY27, up from 37% in Q4 FY26.
Gurugram, 41% from 33% in Q4 FY26; Whitefield, Bangalore, 18% from 8%; and OMR
Chennai, 12% versus 3% for the same period. So you can now see how the occupancy is
increasing across the Care Homes.
Our Care Homes and services have now served about 2,700 patients during Q1 FY27 and about
53,000 patients since inception. Revenue in the segment rose to INR12.03 crores, which is 1.5x,
as I said earlier, on Y-on-Y basis and 1.1x on a Q-on-Q basis. The voice of customer steady 84%
in Q1 FY27 remained stable in July as well, reflecting the consistent quality of care and service
we are delivering.
Happy to also report that 4 of our Care Homes achieved an ever highest ARPOB, which is
average revenue per occupied bed day of INR7,000 plus in June '26. This is really a testimony
that the customers are appreciating our quality service at a higher cost. 3 of the 4 Care Homes
have shown significant improvement in contribution margins, which now reflects the path to
profitability.
On AGEasy, we had net revenue of INR19 crores in Q1 FY27, showing a 1.3x Y-on-Y growth.
It was lower than Q-on-Q of INR23 crores, driven basically by moderation of demand beyond
the Q4 peak demand period. As all of us know, March quarter is always high from a revenue
perspective to cover the annual targets, but some of this will get caught up as we go on in the
year.
The ARR now is trending towards INR120 crores and a monthly run rate of about INR10 crores
in July, with marketplaces INR6 crores with the ROAS of 3.8 and a D2C, the exit ROAS of 2.6.
So you can see from the numbers that now we are catching up on the ROAS as well. The offline
channel achieved its highest ever revenue of INR5 crores, growing 18% Q-on-Q basis, a very
good response to the newly launched product, Commode Wheelchair. The overall ROAS, which

===== PAGE 7 =====
is return on ad spend in Q1 FY27 exit has improved to 2 versus 1.8 in Q4, marking a 10%
growth.
The SAT index in Q1 FY27 was 82%. AGEasy now has 112 products launched till date, out of
which 86 are currently live. We are now also present on quick commerce, which is Blinkit and
Zepto. Our diaper category, which was the new unique diaper that we had launched, which we
have a patent on. Now we are hitting a 1,500 pack sale per day, which is really a 6x growth in
market share in Amazon over the last 60 days.
As you know, this is a unique product. It is the only adult diaper with smart absorption
technology, and now it is showing up in our increasing market share as well. 4 patents have been
granted to us for products, and there are 3 patents which have been filed for senior-specific
innovative products, reflecting our commitment to innovation. And this really will be the biggest
differentiator and the moat that we will have. The more patents we have, the more stronger our
products will be differentiated.
AGEasy so far has touched about 9 lakh lives with about 88,000 repeat customers and served
since inception achieved an NPS of about 60, which is quite high, but that reflects improving
customer stickiness as your usage deepens over time. Gross margins for online channels, which
is D2C and marketplaces, maintained at 45% in Q1 versus 46% despite very challenging
geopolitical situations, which have pushed up the COGS for each product.
From this quarter, we are over-indexing on brand awareness. We have onboarded Anupam Kher
as our brand ambassador. And therefore, we did spend some money, which you will see as an
expense in the financials submitted to you, but we are seeing the payback as well in the month
of July.
The ARR has now picked up to about INR10 crores. Our conversion rates have improved from
2 to 3.5 and our ROAS has gone up as well. So the brand spend that we did is already showing
a payback in the month of July itself.
If I was to really consolidate AACS and look at Q1 last year, Q4 and Q1 this year, the revenue
was INR 21 Crores, INR 32 Crores and INR 30 Crores respectively, with EBITDA losses at INR
14 Crores, INR 18.5 Crores and INR 19 Crores. So despite the brand spend, despite the cost of
goods going up, we've been able to bring down the EBITDA losses or keep them flat with
revenue going up quarter-on-quarter.
The last update I'd like to give you is on the Antara Integrated Wellness Clinic. As you know,
this is our key differentiator for residences. We had launched a pilot in Gurgaon in our Care
Home to see what is the impact and what is the receptivity of customers. This is a wellness clinic
anchored around modern medicine, but combines modalities of Ayurveda, Ozone therapy,
infrared sauna, nutrition, et cetera.
Financially, the net revenue for Q1 FY27 was INR15.75 lakhs. This is expected at this stage to
be a negative contribution margin in the first quarter only, but we should be able to cover it up
as we go forward. On the customer SAT scores, very high satisfaction, 96% with average

===== PAGE 8 =====
revenue per client of INR4,000. The footfalls have grown steadily from 199 sessions to 307
sessions in June.
It's a rapid increase. And therefore, we'll now focus on spending some marketing money and
scaling up this and also making sure we launch this in Antara Noida as the residents start
checking in.
On the partnership front, we continue to work with Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance to
integrate senior wellness with financial literacy -- culminating in specialized financial products
for seniors and with IIT Delhi on mobility products and Wellbeing Nutrition on nutraceuticals
and supplements and Swassa on self-diagnosis for lung health.
Our brand continues to gain strong recognition with Antara Senior Care receiving the Visionary
Leadership in Senior Living Award at the HT India Real Estate Expo in June '26, honoring our
contribution to India's silver economy. We also concluded the NABH accreditation in
Bannerghatta, which is quite essential for TPA and insurance. And we have gone through some
more inspections for NABH in the other Care Homes.
So in summary, Q1 FY27 has been full of action and execution. We remain confident in our
underlying trajectory backed by successful handover of possession at Antara Noida, steady sales
momentum in Gurgaon now and improving occupancy trend in Care Homes and early signs of
recovery in the AGEasy ROAS.
As we look ahead, we remain committed to profitability. As I said, AGEasy perhaps by January
or last quarter of this year will be in that zone. And we'll continue to contain losses even though
we scale up Care Homes to make sure we are committed to our path to profitability.
So I'll stop here and welcome any questions that you might have. And thank you once again for
joining the call.

Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take the first
question from the line of Harsh from Aionios Alpha.

Harsh:
A couple of questions from my end. Firstly, a broader question. Just wanted to double-click on
the EBITDA breakeven by the end of the financial year target. If we could just understand
particularly from the cost angle, what should change in this quarter versus, say, Q4 of this
financial year? And even from a top line basis, where should one look at? I understand the
Residences business can be quite lumpy, but just talking about AGEasy and Care Homes, what
should that look at broadly speaking by the end of the financial year?
Secondly, on the Care Homes part, I just wanted to understand your thought process as to where
do we stand now versus what was the initial plan, especially on the occupancy levels. Reason
why I'm asking this is that -- is there any plans to start adding beds in near future? Have we
reached that inflection point?

===== PAGE 9 =====
Rajit Mehta:
Yes. So Harsh, I cannot comment on specific numbers of FY27 in the future. But when I made
the comment on profitability, I meant on AGEasy, which is our commitment. That is one. Care
Homes, obviously, since we built out the bed in the last 12 months, they will have to wait out
the 8, 10 quarters it takes for the bed to be profitable at a unit level. ASL will continue to be
lumpy.
So when we get the DM fee and et cetera, it will show as an EBITDA positive. But that varies
depending on the projects we sign in DM fee. But to your question, I'll repeat the numbers once
again so that you're able to see what I'm saying. If you look at our overall consol basis, the
revenue has steadily gone up from INR175 crores to INR145 crores to INR190 crores over the
last 3 years.
The EBITDA losses of INR57 went up to INR139 crores because we added 250 beds launched
AGEasy in that year and then brought INR 139 crores down to INR 121 crores despite the
revenue going up. This trajectory will continue for FY27 in terms of revenue going up
substantially and EBITDA losses getting contained because now we are not adding any new
beds at this point of time. AGEasy will continue to throw better contribution margin.
So as we go in the next and next quarter, you'll find this trajectory to be substantiated.
Occupancy, as I said, the OBD beds have gone up by 23%. But if you look at respective Care
Homes, Bannerghatta is gone from 37% to 41%, Gurgaon from 33% to 41%, Whitefield,
Bangalore from 8% to 18% and OMR from 3% to 12%.
So 5 of the 8 Care Homes are now trending to the model that we have shared with all of you,
respectively, 5 of them. The rest is work to do as we go along. But now we are confident. So
sometime the inflection point, if you recall, was October, November. We had said we'll wait till
that time and then start making the call on expansion. So we are sticking to that timeline. No
changes in that as well.

Ishaan Khanna:
Just to add, Harsh, on AGEasy, what are the metrics that you would look at and how that will
move to profitability is your CM2 -- if you see historically, we've reported minus 80%, minus
70% CM2 for AGEasy.
As of July, the marketplaces CM2 came down to minus 17%. And this number for all other
channels will continue to improve at the back of improving return on advertising spend, which
Rajit mentioned earlier. And this will be corresponding to better gross margins and higher top
line. So that is how the CM2 will keep improving to achieving a breakeven till Q4.

Rajit Mehta:
Some of the aberration you see in, for example, employee expenses, right, is basically the --
some provisions getting written back. So each year, we provide for variable pay. But when we
pay out in the month of May, for Q4, the provisions get trued up, actualized. But once we start
Q1, we again start providing. So it's just an accounting thing in terms of provisions, nothing else.

Harsh Kundnani:
Understood. Just on the blended ARPOB bit in Care Homes. I understand that the last few bed
additions or substantial bed additions were at a higher ARPOB. So ARPOB should be between

===== PAGE 10 =====
blended ARPOB once the occupancy rises should be between INR6,500 to INR7,000. Is that the right way to look at it?

Ishaan Khanna: It should be near INR7,500.

Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Nikhil Gupta from Vayu Capital.

Nikhil Gupta: My first question is a bookkeeping question on senior living. So out of the INR33-odd crores collection we did from the Noida community, what would be the revenue which would have been attributed to the Q1?

Ajay Agrawal: So one, the revenue in the Noida will be booked at the SPV level. And since it's a joint venture with us, so we will be only consolidating the net P&L. Now as regards to the joint venture company, if you're asking about the revenue recognition there, presently June, there had been no revenue recognition because the revenue recognition is not linked with collection.
It is linked with the possession or registration. So the possessions are going to happen in Q2, and that's the year when all the revenue recognition and inventory write-offs will take place.

Nikhil Gupta: Somehow I'm not able to reconcile the numbers. So let's say, so you have mentioned in the investor deck, the odd INR38 crores from that senior living segment. I believe around INR8 crores is the treasury income and INR30 crores is our core operation. So around INR6 crores is Dehradun, INR3 crores and INR4 crores is from our Gurgaon communities. I'm not able to add that 30 number. Can you please help me with that?

Ajay Agrawal: Sorry, from where are you seeing this number, from the results?

Nikhil Gupta: Yes.

Ajay Agrawal: So from the results or from the Investor deck?

Nikhil Gupta: Both. I mean, it's the same only, right?

Ajay Agrawal: Residential have 3 components of income, sir. One is the DM fee income what we are getting at Antara Senior. Second is the Ops revenue what I'm getting at Antara Purukul. And third is the finance lease income, which I'm getting as a re-lease in Antara Purukul. That amount was approximately INR15 crores for the quarter. I think that's the gap what you are mentioning in that way. Since it's not a regular income for me, it's always an exceptional because we don't plan for a re-lease. Hence, I don't explicitly display this into my gross revenues in my investor release. I just simply say how much re-lease we have done and how much marketing fee I earned.

Nikhil Gupta: Okay. So the DM fee is around INR7 crores, operation is also around INR6 crores, INR7 crores and the finance lease is INR15 crores.

Ajay Agrawal: Correct.

[Remainder of transcript, pages 11-20, not yet read this session — see MANIFEST for gap.]

===== PAGE 11 =====
Nikhil Gupta: And what would be the odd INR8 crores, that would be the treasury income at the residential level?
Ajay Agrawal: Correct.
Nikhil Gupta: Can you help me explain like this finance lease, what is this income? Like I'm not able to understand this.
Ajay Agrawal: So basically, our Antara Purukul is on a lease model, wherein if any units get resold. So if somebody is exiting because of death or they are shifting from Dehradun and they want to sell their property, it has to be re-leased. So they have to surrender their lease to the company and the company has to re-lease it again.
So as per accounting standards, the remaining lease period, I have to recognize as a revenue. And against that, I recognize the cost of lease premium. And in that particular transaction, we earn some bit of a marketing fee that I account for as an additional revenue in our other income.
Nikhil Gupta: Got it. My next question is on our integrated wellness. So going forward, 3 to 5 years, do you see this segment contributing significant to our P&L? Because in the annual report also, I think we have mentioned this category as a separate segment. So can you provide more color that, do we think that it can contribute significantly going forward next 3 to 5 years?
Rajit Mehta: See, the AIWC is an integral part of our residences. We are not opening a separate business line where we launch AIWC clinics. We will simply put them in all the residences so that it's a strong differentiator, very difficult to replicate. It's not just about a doctor or nurse sitting in the campus, it's about a full-fledged protocol-based integrated medicine system, which we are launching in the residences.
And therefore, all the revenues which come from there, difficult to predict at this point of time. But given the volume of people we are handling, let's say, 340 units in Noida Phase I, means about 600 people. Difficult for me to comment how much revenue we will get, but it's a strong differentiator.
We will also try to put them in the Care Homes to be able to work as OPDs to attract footfalls, so that's the intention really. We are not launching standalone clinics.
Nikhil Gupta: Right. Well understood. The last question is on AGEasy. I think somehow the growth has been slow, but sometimes that happens it's fine. I think we projected to almost double our revenue from INR77 crores to INR150-odd crores. So do you still see that happening? Because somehow we are still at the INR18 crores Q1 revenue seems very, very low. Some thoughts, please, on that.
Ishaan Khanna: Ishaan here. Yes, we are still very much on our plan for doubling this year. If you see the year-on-year growth, it is still significantly high. Yes, quarter-on-quarter, there has been moderation. But if you look at July numbers, which Rajit quoted, we are already at a INR120 crores annual revenue run rate with a INR10 crores closing number for the month of July, which is not only

===== PAGE 12 =====
an improvement in the top line. but is also complemented with a significant improvement in return on advertising spend, which is what we were working on in quarter 1 to solve so that the next 3 quarters of growth is at the back of a strong base, both in terms of our CM2s and our ROAS. So Q2 to Q4, we will see a significant improvement in the top line as now we have already demonstrated that we can efficiently do it by improving the ROAS.
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Ranodeep from MAS Capital.
Ranodeep: My question is around AGEasy. AGEasy's revenue has declined 18% Q-on-Q after the Q4 peak. Now how much of Q4 was genuinely seasonal versus demand pulled forward through promotions? And what should investors consider the normalized quarterly revenue base going forward?
And a connected part to that same AGEasy is like we've touched 9 lakh lives till date, but only 88,000 are repeat customers. So how do you distinguish between top line growth purchase through marketing and genuine customer loyalty? And the last part to that question is what repeat rate and CAC to LTV ratio would convince you that AGEasy has become a structurally strong consumer brand?
Rajit Mehta: So I'll let Ishaan answer that. But to your question on quarter-on-quarter, there was a transition that we're doing in Q4 last year, which caused this aberration, but let Ishaan explain that.
Ishaan Khanna: So I think one has to be cognizant of a couple of things in the business like AGEasy, which is a products business, is that, there will be 2 impacts that we will see on how this plays through the year.
One is that around the festive period, which is depending when it happens, September, October, we will see a significant surge, which we saw last year as well. Q3 was a significantly higher number compared to Q2 or September, October was the peak.
We will see that same peak this year as well. And the second seasonality impact which does come for products like knee caps, nebulizers, diapers is during the winter season, where the consumption is higher. So going forward also, I would want to indicate that we will see these it will not be linear.
We will have these spurts during periods of either high purchase during the festive time and then in the winter season. What also happens towards the latter half of the year is that we do -- and because we work with marketplaces, there are some big deals, the purchases that they make from us because it's everybody's year-end closing. So that also happens.
And hence, you see that kind of an impact. Will we see that this year? Yes, we will see that kind of seasonality impact and festive year impact this year as well. Like I also mentioned that July and August, we are already seeing that it is going back to INR120 crores and now INR140 crores,

===== PAGE 13 =====
INR150 crores ARR as well. So that trajectory is picking up, giving us the confidence that the guidance we have for this year's revenue for AGEasy should certainly happen.
Ranodeep: And on the CAC to LTV ratio?
Ishaan Khanna: We will currently be looking at return on advertising spend. The return on advertising spend is a critical factor because that currently tells us the efficiency that the brand is giving us and how our performance marketing is efficiently moving. We were at -- if you recall, in the last quarters, we were at around 1-1.5 for our D2C, and we were at around 2.5 for marketplaces, which is now closer to 4 for marketplaces and 2.5 for D2C.
Now that efficiency indicates because marketing is the biggest spend in AGEasy. So that return on advertising spend is a critical factor. And on your repeat, I want to clarify one thing that our repeats are not 18,000. Our repeats are around 88,000 to 90,000. That's the number.
We are at around 10% to 12% repeat rate. One has to also understand the nature of products we sell besides diapers, which is one of our top-selling products, the others don't lend themselves to repeat.
So somebody who's bought from us one product will at best buy some other product and chances of buying the same product, like if you bought a BP monitor, you will probably come back and buy a BP monitor for me maybe after a year or 2. So same product repeats are lesser. The cross-sell is where the opportunity is, and that's what now we are building an engine to promote and push.
Rajit Mehta: But directionally, if we're able to achieve a 20% plus repeat rate, we should be in a good space.
Ranodeep: Rajit sir, my next question is more of a macro question and to you. So Max India's long-term thesis appears to be built around India's aging population and the emergence of large silver economy, which you have explained beautifully in the past.
But given the significant capital requirement to build communities, Care Homes and consumer products, what prevents a large hospital chain or a real estate developer or a financial services player from eventually entering senior care and compressing your returns? What is the moat you believe will still exist 10 years from now?
Rajit Mehta: So let's talk about a segment separately. And by the way, please keep in mind when we are saying we are building an integrated care ecosystem, we are focusing on the consumer. It's the same consumer who depending on age, medical condition and circumstances will need either a residence or rehab or a diaper or a wheelchair. So we've taken a customer view, number one.
Number two, if you look at all the 3 segments, real estate players have come and replicate the infrastructure, no doubt on that and maybe do a better job. However, the core of that product is services, not infrastructure.
It is all the IP we have gained over the years in terms of what kind of engagement services, what kind of wellness services to integrate, what kind of mental wellness, emotional, social, et cetera,

===== PAGE 14 =====
we'll have to offer. All the practices that we have picked up in terms of how to handle muscle loss, frailty, anxiety, depression and now our ability to put integrated medicine inside, which is more IP-based, it's not you hire a doctor and start doing that, which is going to be a strong differentiator.
Most real estate developers, if you follow the trend, are outsourcing this, either they are tying up with a nearby nursing home or tying up with a hospital. That's not a sustainable model.
You need a doctor to stay on the campus. You need a first responder team for emergencies. We need nurses 24/7, so on and so forth. So on that, our moat is going to be our entire IP around wellness services, right, that we have developed, which we will now keep on strengthening as we go along. That's on that. On the Care Home side, frankly, there are some hospitals chains who are doing geriatric care now wanting to do Care Homes.
The simple answer I have is, if I was an investor since I come from the health care world, I'll prefer to spend INR100 on the health care business that generates an EBITDA of 30% plus versus an 18% margin. The Care Homes are more a hospitality with some medical care kind of business, while the hospitals are more surgery, diagnostic and pharmacy business.
So while they in summary says somewhere appears similar, the profit signature and the competencies are very different. So if a hospital decides to come into the Care Homes, frankly, the investor should ask the question, why the hell are you diluting your margins? Why are you spending your time and money.
Either you say that you are running your hospitals totally full, you can't open more beds and all the flow over you want to capture. If you look at the Care at Home journey as well, many people are offering at-home services, but they're only offering to the captive patients. They are not able to market and find profitability. So that's my answer to the second question.
On AGEasy, there are only 2 moats, which is (a) differentiated, innovated products, which are senior specific and (b) brand. Nothing else is a moat. So therefore, the patents we are filing, we already have 3 patents and three we have filed.
The more we learn about consumer behavior and the bigger brand we build is what's going to stand us in good stead. The market, by the way, individually for the products is quite large. If you look at the diaper market itself, it's about INR5,000 crores only.
So we are not building a INR10,000 crores business in AGEasy in the next 5 years. It's going to be perhaps INR1,000 crores. So enough market to be had on that side. That's my answer to the verticals.
Ranodeep: Appreciate the response, sir. I think we raised it last time also, I think with respect to the announcement about expansion, if we can be a little more aggressive, given in the past, you've seen a couple of cities being on pause or halted. So we eagerly look forward to the announcement. And I think you gave a glimpse about the Bangalore opportunity that you spoke. So look forward to that, yes.

===== PAGE 15 =====
Rajit Mehta: Absolutely. Its quite unfortunate we had to unwind Chandigarh because after Operation Sindoor, the height clearances were not given to communities on the flight path. And Bangalore, unfortunately, the developer ran into some financial issues, but totally appreciate that comment, quite focused. In the next few months, we'll find the announcements coming through.
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Rajveer Singh from Vivek Investment Managers.
Rajveer Singh: My question is that among the residential senior living, Care Homes, Care at Home and AGEasy, which business do you believe can ultimately generate the highest return on capital? And where do you intend to deploy the majority of incremental capital? That's my first question.
Rajit Mehta: So by nature, if you look at the way we do our business, our senior living model is quite capital-light because we don't buy land. We tie up with developer partners who own land and preferably construct. So there, we don't require that much of capital per project. It's very small. AGEasy, we have already done the heavy lifting and the investments.
So if we able to meet our objective of FY27 last quarter being contribution positive and EBITDA positive, that will not require much capital. I think the capital required will be Care Home expansion because each bed takes about INR10 lakhs to INR12 lakhs per bed, including the ops losses. And therefore, that's going to be a business of scale. That is where most capital will go.
Rajveer Singh: So do you think the highest -- that business is also going to generate the highest return on capital as well, if you are deploying so much of capital there instead of in the other areas.
Rajit Mehta: See, if you look at -- you're talking about ROCE, I presume. Right. There I feel AGEasy, obviously, the nature of the business is such as e-commerce is not linear in growth, it jumps in terms of the ARR. That is going to be the highest ROCE business, followed by Care Homes.
The ASL segment is quite IRR-based. And there, our objective is to be able to build a very healthy annuity income. So if we are able to achieve our target of INR1,800 crores sale value every year, we will be able to see a very healthy annuity income in '30 and '33. So 3 businesses operate a little bit differently. But between AGEasy and Care Homes, obviously, AGEasy will have a much higher ROCE. But even the ROCE in Care Home should be 23-24 plus.
Rajveer Singh: Understood. My second question is that despite strong revenue growth, the company is still reporting substantial losses. So can you give us a sense of the expected cash burn over FY27 and '28 before the existing businesses become self-sustaining?
Rajit Mehta: See, I can't share projections of '27 and '28 at this point of time. I only shared the past numbers with you. As I said, the EBITDA losses went up from 57 to 139 when we bid 250 beds and we launched the AGEasy business. But since then, the revenues increased and the EBITDA losses have come down from 95% to 63% this year. EBITDA loss, a significant drop suddenly. And this trajectory will continue in FY27. As we report next quarter, I promise you will see the reduction in 63 as well.
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Vikas, an individual investor.

===== PAGE 16 =====
Vikas: Just wanted to understand since we're making a decent amount of losses still and we have raised capital last year. So -- and the cash is also limited on the balance sheet, how we look to sustain the business going forward? What kind of capital plan we have?
Rajit Mehta: So we have -- I mean, nothing has changed, Vikas, from what we said 2 years back in terms of how much capital we need. The first raise was done through 2 tranches of rights issue and the pref issue. And the balance was supposed to be raised as we went into business. That was supposed to be done June this year, but frankly, due to better performance and we're taking some credit lines to manage the working capital, inventory, et cetera, we have been able to push the second fund raise out, but the number hasn't changed. And we've also received INR40 crores in the second tranche of the pref issue in July. What has changed really has caused us to have a push the fund raise is also is that the Noida possession opened up.
And therefore, those collections have come in, and we're able to utilize that. But the total number of capital required has not changed for the last 2 years. In fact, it's come down a shade from a peak requirement, which we thought was about $25 million, it's come down to about $20 million or under $20 million now.
Vikas: Sure. So let's say, for next 2 years, what is the incremental capital required, sir, as per our thought process?
Rajit Mehta: The estimate is around $20 million.
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Rajveer Singh from Vivek Investment Managers.
Rajveer Singh: My question is regarding DLF announcing its entry into the senior living. So I just wanted to know your thoughts about it. I mean it's a big competition coming in.
Rajit Mehta: Yes. Surely, it's not only DLF, it's other also marquee investors wanting to look at senior living. DLF, our best understanding, though they have delayed their launch consistently for the last 6 months now is they have an existing community in Gurgaon, where they are putting 1 or 2 towers as senior living.
It's not something that they are creating new within the existing township is what they want to do. And they're tied up with most probably Medanta Hospital for doing the health care services, how they're attempting it. We welcome the move actually because all these people will spend marketing monies and create awareness for the customers.
While the announcement made by DLF came 6 months back, we haven't noticed any impact on our sales velocity of Gurgaon. It is going as per plan for this year. We are exactly on the plan. But I think we are actually wanting more and more people to step in. A, it increases category awareness; B, it will also push the government to release minimum standards because the more standards that come in, some of us who are specialized in senior living will tend to benefit. So actually, we are quite welcoming the move.
Rajveer Singh: Yes. I think it should give us the first-mover advantage as well.

===== PAGE 17 =====
Rajit Mehta: Yes. We haven't stopped our sales in E361. And as I said, the launch has been delayed twice now. So let's see when they launch.
Moderator: As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.
Rajit Mehta: So thank you very much once again for joining again. Deeply, deeply appreciate the questions. I think we are absolutely on the ball. These are questions you should be asking us on the path to profitability, on growth and making appropriate announcements. We absolutely welcome these.
I'd like to assure you that whatever plan we had for this year were currently on plan as some minor aberration because of external factors will keep on happening. For example, the labour codes pushed up the manpower cost for the quarter. Now we'll have to find ways and means of mitigating that. The geopolitical issue caused the logistics cost and delivery from China impacted. And we had to airlift some products, which caused a margin depression.
But all these in the current world are things I think any business should just embrace and keep moving on. And that's what we are doing. We're just focused on execution. There is no new strategy we have to think through. We are very clear what we are doing and what we want to do.
And hopefully, in the next 2 quarters, you will find more and more evidence from us on our commitment to path to profitability in all the businesses. There are different points of time, but at least the moment we should be able to see, that's our promise to all of you. So thank you once again, and wishing you a very, very happy 80th Independence Day as well.
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Max India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.

[Full transcript complete, pages 1-17. Call ended at page 17.]
