BANDHAN BANK LIMITED — Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL
Quarter ended June 30, 2026. Transcript (auto-transcribed from audio; verbatim as provided by operator).

MANAGEMENT PRESENT:
- Mr. Partha Pratim Singh Gupta (Partha Pratim Sengupta) — Managing Director and CEO
- Mr. Rajendra Kumar Babbar — Executive Director and Chief Business Officer
- Mr. Ratan Kumar — Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer
- Mr. Rajeev Mantri — Chief Financial Officer
- Mr. Vikash Mundra — Head of Investor Relations
- Senior management team

MODERATOR: Ramy (operator)

---

MODERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Bandhan Bank Limited Q1 FY27 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Mundra, head of investor relations, for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you.

VIKASH MUNDRA (IR): Thank you Ramy. Good evening everyone and a warm welcome to all the participants. It's a pleasure to have you with us today as we discuss Bandhan Bank's business and financial performance for the quarter ending June 2026. We sincerely appreciate your time and participation. Today we will take this opportunity to provide insights into our operational activities, achievements, challenges, as well as offer perspective on market conditions, strategic initiatives and any notable changes in our business environment. To walk you through these details we are joined by Mr. Partha Pratim Singh Gupta, managing director and CEO; Mr. Rajendra Kumar Babbar, executive director and chief business officer; Mr. Ratan Kumar, executive director and chief operating officer; Mr. Rajeev Mantri, chief financial officer; myself Vikash Mundra, head of investor relations; and our senior management team. At Bandhan Bank we are happy to answer any questions or provide additional clarity on the current quarter's performance and our outlook moving forward. Now I would like to invite our managing director and CEO Mr. Partha Pratim Singh Gupta sir to brief you all on our bank performance. Over to you sir.

PARTHA PRATIM SENGUPTA (MD & CEO): Thank you Vikash. Good evening everyone. We are delighted to connect with you today to discuss our Q1 FY27 performance. The quarter was marked by a continued focus on balance sheet quality, business resilience and execution. While seasonal and external factors remained at play, we made meaningful progress across several strategic priorities and strengthened the foundation for sustainable growth. We will take you through the key highlights of the quarter and our outlook ahead.

Traditionally the first quarter has been the softest quarter for our business, characterized by seasonal moderation in growth and pressure on asset quality metrics. However I am pleased to share that in Q1 FY27 we demonstrated significantly better resilience compared to the previous years. Despite the seasonal headwinds that typically characterize the first quarter, our focused efforts over the last few years to strengthen the franchise and sharpen execution across business segments have helped materially reduce their impact this quarter.

On the asset side, although the EB (Emerging Entrepreneurs Business / microfinance) portfolio witnessed its usual seasonal decline, the moderation was considerably lower than what we have experienced in most of the prior first quarters. Most importantly, healthy growth in our secured non-EB portfolio enabled us to deliver overall robust advances growth during the quarter, increasing diversification and enhancing the resilience of our loan book.

On the liability side, reported growth was influenced by our conscious decision to sequentially reduce high cost bulk deposits. This strategic recalibration is aimed at improving the quality and granularity of our deposit franchise and to reduce cost of funds. Encouragingly, growth in retail term deposits as well as CASA continue to remain strong, reinforcing our confidence in the underlying strength of our liability franchise.

Our profitability performance also underscores the resilience of our business model. Despite several headwinds from elevated funding costs, margin performance remained broadly stable during the quarter compared to our earlier expectation of a modest improvement. From an asset quality standpoint, performance during the quarter was satisfactory, particularly when viewed in the context of the seasonal trends typically observed in Q1.

Looking ahead, our focus continues on strengthening granular deposits, growing CASA, enhancing customer engagement, and improving operational efficiency and asset quality. The quarter reflects the resilience of our franchise and the benefits of our disciplined execution. We remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable profitable growth while continuing to strengthen the balance sheet.

While my colleague and CFO Mr. Rajeev Mantri will shortly walk you through the financials in detail, I would like to highlight a few key performance indicators from the first quarter of FY27. Our balance sheet continued to grow steadily during the quarter. Gross advances stood at 1.56 lakh crore, posting a healthy 16% YoY growth, while deposits reached 1.65 lakh crore. The growth in deposits YoY was driven by strong momentum in retail deposits and CASA, reflecting our continued emphasis on improving the quality, granularity and sustainability of our liability portfolio.

The strength of our deposit portfolio was particularly visible in the retail segment. Retail deposits grew by over 16% YoY despite a challenging base, underscoring customer confidence in the bank and the effectiveness of our distribution network. CASA ratio improved sequentially to 29.4%, taking the share of retail deposits (including CASA and retail term deposit) to 74% of the overall deposits, further enhancing the stability of our funding profile.

Portfolio optimization remained a key area of focus. We continue to increase the share of secured lending in the overall book supported by strong growth across secured businesses over the past years. Our profitability performance reflected the resilience of the franchise. Despite significant headwind from elevated funding costs, margins remained stable at 6.2% during the quarter compared with our earlier expectation of a modest improvement. At the same time, credit costs continued to trend downward while asset quality remained healthy: gross NPA at 3.1%, net NPA at 0.9%, and provision coverage at 86% including technical write offs.

The quarter also witnessed a healthy improvement in earnings. Net total income for Q1 FY27 stood at 3,524 crore and operating profit at 1,358 crore. Profit after tax came in at 502 crore, representing a strong YoY growth of 35%. Our capital position continues to be a key strength. Capital adequacy ratio including profits improved further to 18.2%, with tier one capital at 17.5%, providing significant capacity to support future business growth while maintaining a prudent capital buffer.

Let me briefly touch upon the operating environment and our outlook. While our internal execution remains firmly on track, the external environment has become increasingly uncertain over the last few months. Ongoing geopolitical developments particularly in the Middle East, a less predictable monsoon pattern, elevated funding costs and rising technology related costs are factors that warrant close monitoring. These developments have the potential to influence customer sentiment, operating costs and overall profitability across the sector. Among these factors, the impact of higher funding costs — despite no increase in the repo rate — is already visible and has started flowing. At the same time technology related expenditures have also risen due to supply chain constraints on account of the ongoing war in the Middle East. Further, given the uncertain environment, we are cautious to grow our high yielding EB book. We expect this pressure to persist for the next few quarters. The impact of the other factors is not yet evident in our operating performance but they remain areas that we are monitoring closely given the uncertainty around the eventual outcome.

Against this backdrop, the journey towards our stated aspiration of delivering an ROA of 1.6 to 1.8% by exit of Q4 FY27 has become more challenging than it appeared earlier. I would like to reiterate that this is because of the external factors that we are confronting now. While our medium-term strategic objective remains unchanged and we continue to work towards achieving the guided level of ROA, the prevailing external environment may influence the pace at which we get there. Consequently we think that the realization of this aspiration could extend beyond the timeline we had originally envisaged. As far as our guidance of end of FY27 is concerned, the eventual ROA outcome will be influenced to a meaningful extent by how these external factors evolve over the coming quarters. While some of these headwinds, particularly elevated funding costs and higher technology related expenses, have already started impacting the profitability, the impact of the other variables, especially the envisaged energy crisis that may be vulnerable to many of the sectors of the economy, is still evolving and remains difficult to assess at this stage. Based on the visibility available, we believe an ROA in the range of 1.2% to 1.4% at the exit of Q4 FY27 would be probable. I again repeat that this is on account of the external factors that are affecting the economy of the country, mainly the factors due to the energy crisis because of the continuous Middle East war and also the unpredictable monsoon.

At the same time we remain focused on improving this trajectory through disciplined execution across the business. As the operating environment evolves we will continue to adapt proactively and leverage all available levers within our control to enhance profitability. I think that the investors would also appreciate that we have addressed our internal lacuna or gaps, whatever is there in respect of the asset quality, the growth in advances to a large extent, and the Q1 figures reflect that we are sequentially improving even in the EB segment from quarter to quarter. Our commitment remains unchanged to build a stronger and more resilient franchise while creating sustainable long-term value for all stakeholders. With that I would now like to hand over the call to our chief financial officer sir Rajeev Mantri who will take you through the financial performance in greater detail. After that we will be happy to take your questions. Thank you.

RAJEEV MANTRI (CFO): Thank you Mr. Sengupta. Let me begin with our lending franchise where the quarter's performance reflects the continued progress we are making in building a more diversified, resilient and sustainable loan book. For advances as of 30th June 2026, the gross advances stood at 1.56 lakh crore, representing a healthy 16% growth year on year and a 1% sequential increase. This growth was driven primarily by non-EB businesses which continue to see strong customer traction and provide greater balance to the overall portfolio. The EB portfolio stood at 52,641 crore. While the book witnessed the customary seasonal moderation typically seen in the first quarter, the extent of the decline was significantly lower than what we have experienced in most previous years.

Our diversification strategy continues to deliver encouraging results. The non-EB portfolio grew by 27% year on year and now contributes two-thirds of the overall loan book, underscoring the transformation of our business mix over the last few years. Growth within the secured businesses remained particularly strong. Retail assets recorded 45% year-on-year expansion led by products such as commercial vehicles, construction equipment, auto loans and gold loans. Wholesale banking also maintained strong momentum growing 38% year-on-year supported by deeper customer relationships and disciplined portfolio expansion. As a result the secured portfolio increased by 27% year-on-year and now constitutes 57% of total advances.

Importantly the advances portfolio today is significantly more diversified than it was a few years ago: EB group lending accounts for 23% of advances, ESBL (Emerging Small Business Loans) at 11%, wholesale banking at 33%, housing finance at 22%, and retail and other loans at 11%. This diversified mix provides multiple growth engines while strengthening the overall quality and stability of the portfolio.

Turning to the liability side of the balance sheet, our focus continues to be on building a more granular, stable and cost-efficient funding franchise. As of 30th June 2026 the total deposits stood at 1.65 lakh crore, a growth of 7% year on year. While overall deposit growth was moderate during the quarter, this was largely a consequence of our deliberate strategy to reduce reliance on bulk deposits and improve the quality of our funding base. Bulk deposits declined by 13% year-on-year, resulting in their share reducing to 26% of total deposits compared to 32% a year ago. This represents a significant shift towards a more granular and sustainable liability profile. It is also worth noting that the quality of the bulk deposit book remains strong with nearly 86% of these bulk deposits being non-callable in nature. This provides greater predictability to our funding profile and reduces potential volatility for liquidity management purposes.

More importantly the underlying strength of the retail franchise continues to be encouraging. Retail deposits, comprising CASA and retail term deposits, grew by 16% year-on-year, significantly outpacing the overall deposit growth and demonstrating the increasing depth of our customer relationships. Within this, CASA balances rose to 48,479 crore, delivering a healthy 16% year-on-year growth, and this growth was broad based across both savings and current accounts, resulting in a sequential improvement in the CASA ratio to 29.4%.

Let me now turn to collections and asset quality. At an overall bank level the collection efficiency excluding NPAs remained healthy at 98.9% in June 2026. Within the EB portfolio, collection performance was impacted by the usual seasonality associated with the first quarter including a concentration of holidays during the month of April. Despite these temporary factors the collection efficiency for EB for the month of June 2026 stood at 98.5%. This is collection efficiency ex-NPA, and this is largely comparable to 98.6% recorded in the month of March 2026, indicating stability in the underlying collection trend. Additional details on this are available on slide 22 of the investor presentation.

Moving to asset quality flows, the gross slippages for the quarter stood at 1,079 crore, broadly stable compared to 1,028 crore in the previous quarter. This is at the bank level. Encouragingly, the slippages within the EB portfolio improved sequentially to 604 crore, down from 690 crore in Q4 FY26, reflecting the benefits of our continued focus on customer engagement, monitoring and collections on early delinquency indicators. The 0 to 90 DPD pool in the EB segment increased to 3.5% from 3.1% in the previous quarter. This was driven primarily by a temporary increase in the SMA zero bucket following holiday related disruptions during the month of April. We view this movement largely as seasonal in nature and will continue to monitor it closely. We have provided further details in slide 23 of the investor deck.

During the quarter we also undertook proactive balance sheet actions to reduce our NPA book, including the sale of 291 crore of housing NPA loans to an ARC and a technical write off of 597 crore, further strengthening the quality of the reported portfolio. Consequently our headline asset quality metrics improved further. Gross NPA reduced to 3.1% while net NPA remained contained at 0.9%. Provisioning coverage also remained robust; the reported PCR stood at 71.1% and if we include the security receipts related provisions the PCR stood at 74.3%.

Let me now go through the financial performance for the quarter. Despite a challenging operating environment that Partha talked about and continued pressure from the elevated funding costs, the bank delivered a steady financial performance during the quarter. The benefits of balance sheet growth, portfolio diversification and improving asset quality are increasingly becoming visible across the various earning metrics. Starting with net interest income, the NII for Q1 FY27 stood at 2,921 crore, registering a growth of 6% year on year and 5% sequentially. This performance was supported by healthy growth in advances and a stable margin profile at 6.2%, despite the funding cost pressure witnessed during the quarter.

Moving to non-interest income, the performance needs to be viewed in the context of a high base in the corresponding quarter last year which included treasury gains of nearly 250 crore in Q1 FY26 compared with a relatively modest contribution this quarter in Q1 FY27. Adjusting for the treasury income, the growth in non-interest income would have been 22% year-on-year during this quarter. Encouragingly the underlying trends across fee-based businesses remain strong. Third party distribution income recorded a robust 47% year-on-year growth reflecting improved customer penetration and stronger cross-sell capabilities across our branch network. The processing fee income also witnessed a healthy recovery aided by higher business volumes and improved disbursement activity across key lending segments, particularly notable within the EB portfolio.

On the cost front, the operating expenses for the quarter were 2,166 crore, higher by 19% year-on-year. This increase was largely attributable to increase in IT costs as a result of the continued investment in technology that the bank is doing, and also annual employee related expenses including salary revisions and performance related payouts. In addition to this there was a 61 crore of additional one-time gratuity provision due to the changes in the salary structure driven by the new wage code. This is a one-timer during this particular quarter and we don't expect this to be repeated. As a result the operating profit for the quarter stood at 1,358 crore.

Importantly the moderation in credit cost helped support the overall profitability trajectory. Credit cost continued its downward trajectory and moderated to 1.8% in this quarter compared to 2.0% in the previous quarter which is Q4 FY26. And importantly the credit cost of the EB portfolio during Q1 FY27 came down to 3.3% which is very close to the guidance that we had provided. Consequently profit after tax for Q1 FY27 stood at 502 crore, registering a strong 35% growth over the corresponding quarter last year. Return metrics also remained healthy with return on assets at 1.0% and return on equity at 7.7%.

To summarize, Q1 FY27 was a quarter of steady progress. Despite a challenging operating environment we delivered healthy business growth, further improved the quality of both our asset and liability franchise, maintained stable margin despite funding cost pressures, and continued to strengthen asset quality and capital adequacy. While certain external uncertainties remain, the underlying fundamentals of the business continue to move in the right direction, giving us confidence in the resilience of our franchise and ability to create long-term value. With that I will now hand it back to the moderator and we will be happy to take your questions.

--- Q&A SESSION ---

MODERATOR: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. [instructions]. We take the first question from the line of Samir Bisay from Diamond Asia. Please go ahead.

Q1 — SAMIR BISAY (Diamond Asia): Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My quick question is on the guidance that you have indicated. So broadly we have done reasonably well in a difficult quarter which was marked by tight funding cost, you had elections in West Bengal which is the largest state. When we look at this aspirational target which was earlier 1.6% plus ROA, what kind of conservatism is built here? Does it also involve some bit of risk on asset quality or is it purely due to tighter funding which may result into the NIM improvement which we were expecting that may not come — how should one think of this? And secondly, if liquidity were to improve — RBI and generally the sector is betting on FCNR-B kind of improving the liquidity and funding rates — could it probably offset some of these pressures? Just wanted your thoughts there.

A1 — MD & CEO: Let me first answer your question. I have very clearly stated in my speech that this is on account of the external factors and no internal factors has any impact on devising the guidance, because as you have seen our credit cost is sequentially coming down which is one of the worrying factors for us; we are gradually coming out. Even in this quarter we have made it further improved from 2.0 to 1.8, and I am quite hopeful that going forward also the credit cost would come down. So the two areas where we are a little bit concerned because of this West Asia crisis: definitely, as we have seen, the impact on the entire economy regarding energy crisis; and number two, resultantly it is just leading to some durable liquidity tightness in the entire system, and for which there is a pressure of interest in the market. Although the repo rate has not gone up, we are finding that banks have started increasing the rates on deposits and we cannot go away from the competition, so the NIM which we had expected earlier may get somewhat of an impact because of the rising cost of funds for the year. This is the major area. Apart from that, the West Asia crisis — we have seen there is an impact on the technological costs. Most of the vendors, especially the multinational vendors, have increased their costs, whether it is the capital cost on various infrastructure machines or the operating cost. The availability of chips etc — all these are impacting the Indian economy, and my tech cost has gone high by 65%. While our focus remains on investment in technology, we cannot at the same time avoid the cost. So these are the two factors mainly, because of the external environment, that we feel may impact our ROA. We want to be very transparent and clear to our investors, that is why we said we take a call that whatever we are seeing in the economy — because I can also see that the effect of the reduced cost of funds on account of the reduction in repo rate that has happened, the benefit of which we have got till Q1, may not be available Q2 onwards, because already the savings bank cost of funds have increased by around 20-25 basis points. So considering all the impact of these external factors we thought we need to be transparent. We have done well; this is the first quarter, I can say we started with an ROA of 1%. We are definitely working on how to improve the ROA further, but we thought we should be clear to our investors.

[CFO / Rajeev Mantri supplement]: Just to implement as Partha mentioned earlier, for the medium term our aspiration continues to look at achieving the earlier guidance that we had given. It is the external factors impacting this particular financial year, which is what we are monitoring.

Q1 follow-up — SAMIR BISAY: Just quickly, what kind of portfolio growth do we build as of today in the EB book, and secondly if you could provide the slippages break up across segments? And on liquidity.

A — MD & CEO / CFO: On liquidity, liquidity for the bank remained comfortable with a CD ratio of 94%. We maintained an LCR of 140% which is quite comfortable for the bank. As regarding FCNR-B we have mobilized [30 crore] — this is one information. On NIM outlook: this quarter also despite challenges we could maintain the NIM at 6.20%, but going forward there may be some increase in the cost of funds / cost of deposits so that may moderately affect our NIM, but we are working on it. The portfolio quality strategy remains the same: we are 33 to 35% EB book and 65% non-EB book. In this quarter in the non-EB segment we have grown by 27%; our EB has marginally come down but the moderation has been much lower compared to previous quarters. Strategy remains the same, 40% unsecured 60% secured. On the breakup of slippages: total slippages for the bank were 1,079 crore during the quarter, out of which EB was 604 crore and the remainder was non-EB businesses.

MODERATOR: We take the next question from the line of [analyst] from CLSA. Please go ahead.

Q2 — CLSA: Hi team, thanks for taking my question and congrats on the quarter in a turbulent quarter. My first question is: have we started hiking yields in microfinance like our competitors, and if so by how much?

A2 — MANAGEMENT: Not in this quarter, so it is same as of last year, we have not hiked anything during the quarter. [In] the last two-three quarters we have not hiked, it's same as last year. In Q4 last year because of the provisions we hiked a little bit. There is no plan of hiking and we have not hiked after then. [How much was that?] It was 100 bps. [By last year you mean March 26 quarter?] It is March... probably from February we hiked, in the month of February we hiked it.

Q2 follow-up — CLSA: In this quarter retail growth and even our mortgages slowed down. Retail was typically growing double digits and it's almost flat, and even mortgage book has slightly declined. What is the reason for both — are we just taking a cautious stance due to this whole macro / geopolitical environment?

A — MD & CEO: Somewhat yes, I can say a little bit cautious growth. In the housing segment, for the year we have done a complete revamping of our structure, we have segregated the three verticals, so definitely there have been some staging problems which we were busy addressing, so it has affected the housing finance growth. And retail also — while we have introduced some digital products on the retail front, there is one product which is the OD (overdraft) against the term deposit, that is the only product where there is some sort of a decline which is anyway not part of the strategic focus. The rest of the book, if we exclude that, has actually grown sequentially by a healthy 5%. So that momentum continues, especially in the secured products such as CV, CE, auto loans and gold loans.

Q2 follow-up 2 — CLSA: On ROA — I understand you've cut guidance on ROA due to macro headwinds, but today our ROA is 1%. If I adjust for this 60 crore gratuity provision which is one time it will become 1.1. Now 1.1 becoming 1.4 — what really is the trajectory? Because NIM is unlikely to improve if I understood correctly, and credit cost also we are at 1.8% which was our guided range earlier (1.7-1.8). So then where does the improvement come from, which segments or which line items will drive that?

A — CFO (Rajeev Mantri): Two factors. One, we do expect further uptake in the other income to come through, so we expect 10 to 20 basis points improvement to come through other income. Second, we expect further continued improvement to come through, albeit marginally, on the credit cost. The secured mix is improving slightly further through the year. At the same time the improvement we have seen in portfolio quality should continue, and as the book rises we should be able to see the improvement on that front as well. So both the credit cost and the other income would be the key deltas. In the earlier guidance we were expecting some further improvement in NIMs to come through — that is what is definitely getting challenged now because of the external factors, and therefore over there we are not building any further upside; it will be a great achievement for the bank to hold on to the NIMs that we have achieved during this particular quarter. So those are the three key factors to call out — other income (almost 20 bps from there), and we are working still on the credit cost, it may actually get pruned out.

Q2 follow-up 3 — CLSA: Even though we've hiked our microfinance yields we are still not confident NIM can expand? [No, because 30-35% of portfolio.] So the focus, unlike last year, was on quality rather than going only with the topline numbers and then having a large number of NPAs. So we have actually done a lot of revamping in our microfinance segment, completely a new model has been put into place with lot of guardrails and also a new credit underwriting system, so that is enhancing our quality of the books. But yes the growth will gradually come. We have arrested the deceleration that was taking place, hence going forward the growth will come, but as I told you our strategy is that we will keep the book maximum at 35%. From our experience we will not just run after this book because it is giving a very high heat; we need to be very well calibrated on the quality of asset, focusing more on the health of the book than going aggressively. So a very modest growth is envisaged, which maximum can go up to 33-34%. As the rate has gone up the volume impact is not coming through because the EB book, as we mentioned, we are still cautious in terms of growth based on the external factors and the risk that continues in the operating environment. As that risk comes down and operating environment improves, we can look at dialing up the growth there.

Q2 follow-up 4 — CLSA: On PSLC — last time 40% of our MFI book was PSL compliant. How much has that number inched up? [40, it is also today 40% only.] [New EB head Surojit:] Presently we continue to be at around 40, however we intend to vary that up, and over this quarter we will be comfortably in terms of [it]. Thanks and wish the team all the best.

MODERATOR: In the interest of time and fairness we request you to restrict to two questions per participant. We take the next question from the line of J. Mundra from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.

Q3 — J. MUNDRA (ICICI Securities): Hi good evening sir. First, SMA-0 has increased a little bit; of course there are holiday things which impact collection, but apart from that was there any other reason and how should one look at the SMA-0 trajectory in the year?

A3 — MD & CEO: SMA-0, as you have rightly predicted, is mostly in the month of April. There were two effects — one is the election effect (West Bengal elections), and number two the holidays; consecutively three-four days were holidays, so that has impacted our SMA-0 book. While some of them have been repaired also, the total quantum is yet to be repaired, so even though the repayment has happened the book continues to remain in SMA-0; it has not slipped to SMA-1. If you look at it, the SMA-1 actually has less slippage which clearly indicates that from SMA-0 the forward rolling has been arrested but it remained in the SMA-0 book. There is no other reason for this. May and June, as Rajeev already said, the collection efficiency has been quite robust, almost 99% already, and it continues to be at that trend.

Q3 follow-up — J. MUNDRA: What is the outlook going ahead, because the vintage chart shows clear improvement in the newer vintage, even the older vintages are doing reasonably well. Apart from the holiday thing is there any other thing which is creating a little bit of delay in collections?

A — [ED / COO]: No, I'll take that question. If you look at the stable book in SMA-0, max holding — what happens because of holiday, the mid-EMI remains due, however he continues to start paying, and we have also put in very strong delinquency management measures, so the forward slippage is not happening. Now we are working on making it good (current). To answer your question, we are very confident that the slippages will not go further and it will stay where it is; moreover we will try to recover from there. So it is only for holiday impact, nothing beyond that.

Q3 follow-up 2 — J. MUNDRA: The vintage chart on page 24 of the investor deck clearly shows the improvement coming through in the recent vintages, and even the older vintages are getting flat, so things are not seeming to deteriorate — correct? [Yes, yes.] So in that sense the credit cost has a decent scope, if the slippages were to plateau here? [Yes, that's what Rajeev told, we are expecting an improvement in the credit cost.] So then I am a little bit confused on the guidance cut — if the EB mix of the business is more or less stable and EB grows more or less in line with the overall loan growth, that should support the NIM even if it is coming at a higher funding cost of 6-7%?

A — MD & CEO: Let me just tell you, our non-EB book has grown by 27%, and in general the strategy is that our EB book will be maximum 33% of the total. So even if we grow at whatever rate for the year, the EB book will be contained at 33%. And here the major challenge we are facing is again the cost of funds, because we arrived at this NIM with the expectation that the reduction in the repo rate last year — it was not immediately, we could not get the benefit because the term deposits were getting matured at a later date; we got a benefit in Q4 of last year, we got a benefit in Q1 of this year. But what we are seeing is that already the competition is increasing the interest rates, even bigger stable banks are increasing interest rates on fixed deposits, and we also need to, or rather we had increased in some segments and probably need to increase further. So the NIM — the advantage of getting the full benefit will not be available for the full financial year that we had envisaged earlier. And the EB book — there will be a calibrated growth, so the growth that will happen in Q4 of the financial year when the EB book grows the most, we will not get the benefit of interest for the entire financial year. So considering all these factors, and apart from what Rajeev has said, the escalation in the OPEX cost — OPEX we had said should be 4%, but already we have reached 4.3 in Q1, and this is going to continue because almost all vendors, even on other consumer items, the cost has increased, especially the tech cost, the cost of hardware, servers; and operational cost whether it is cloud or AMC charges have increased substantially. So the effect of all these factors — and we have to invest in technology. If these external factors do get addressed in quicker terms, then I can say yes probably our guidance what we had given earlier may hold good. But again, we wanted to be very clear and transparent to our investors.

MODERATOR: We take the next question from the line of Anand [Dama] from [Emkay / Laxmi Asset Management]. Please go ahead.

Q4 — ANAND DAMA: Thank you. Sir, what kind of credit growth are we expecting for the full year — should it be 15 to 16%? Because if we are seeing margin pressure, even if we are expecting some margin pressure, should we sacrifice a bit on the growth front? And what kind of tech cost do we have — some banks have talked about tech cost as a percentage of overall opex; if you can talk about that, what is it for us now and what do we expect going forward?

A4 — CFO (Rajeev Mantri): On credit growth, what we had guided was for the full year FY27 we were looking at a 14% growth rate, within which EB we were looking at between 5% to 10% growth and non-EB would be 20% plus. As you have seen in the first quarter we have seen non-EB growing at 27%, overall growth at 16%, so we are definitely in line with the guidance, in fact doing slightly better. The challenge we see right now is EB which for the first quarter has remained flat compared to last year, and this is where we will try and see how exactly we can step up the growth as the external environment improves further and our growth continues to happen in a calibrated manner. On the IT cost, we have now gone up to roughly around 8% [of opex]; including depreciation it is around 9.5%. The industry benchmark for mature banks remains in the range of 10% total opex... given that we still have a lot of IT investment to make, we will try to remain within the range of 10%, but as it starts delivering value we will slowly bring it down to 8%. And this percentage of IT cost to opex has been growing in the last two years — yes, previously 6%.

Q4 follow-up — ANAND DAMA: You talked about cost of funds going up — is it not possible for you to pass it on to the customers, barring EB? I think even in EB you have scope to increase the yields, and basically try and protect your margins. So that's the balancing.

A — MD & CEO: We are working on it. You see, our corporate book has reasonably grown by 36%, and some of the best names in the industry are now banking with Bandhan Bank. When you are part of a consortium or multiple banking, your interest rate / cost of funds cannot be entirely passed on to those customers, it is quite competitive, but you need to be there because your asset quality improves and the risks are much lower. So some good books we need to build in. And as Rajeev said, our range in the EB book, we are expecting to grow between 5 to 10%, so if the environment is good and beneficial we will look at 10%, otherwise if it is vulnerable we will have to contain.

MODERATOR: We take the next question from the line of Ankit [Bihani] from Nomura. Please go ahead.

Q5 — ANKIT (Nomura): Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the guidance again. This was just last quarter's guidance, so we have lowered our ROA guidance by 40 bps. I can understand 20 bps could be explained through margins / funding cost pressure, but what explains the other 20 bps? And apart from that, if we see that system liquidity generally the commentary is that it should improve given FCNR-B related flows, so that should support your funding conditions — so why do you still expect funding cost to remain under pressure? Are we assuming this kind of environment sustains? When we gave the guidance then also the macro environment was not very healthy, crude was north of $100, CD rates were also higher. I just want to understand what has changed now that wasn't there during our 4Q call.

A5 — MD & CEO: Let me tell you, the guidance was originally given sometime in December '24 when I took over the chair, and at that time EB was doing much much better. If you remember our balance sheet in Q1 and Q2 of that financial year we posted very healthy profit based on the EB segment; Q3 onwards everything went upside down, and we were hoping we would be recovering at the earliest, but the recovery actually came mid of November 2025. After that we were expecting the industry growth would take place, but if you look at the entire industry trend, the growth witnessed in the past financial year is yet to come. So it is still growing, but what we witnessed is that our credit quality has improved in this EB segment. After that, this West Asia crisis — last time also we were hoping this crisis would end and with the treaty being signed there are signs of positive features in the economy, but unfortunately that has not happened and the greatest impact is the energy crisis, which most affects the micro sector. So while we want to grow we are very watchful and we do not want to suddenly jump very aggressively, which we did in the past and burnt our fingers. So that guidance has been clearly given from day one and we are continuing with it. On cost of funds — at that point RBI reduced the repo rate, we all expected cost of deposits would come down, but eventually even bigger banks have increased the deposit rate. The durable liquidity in the country, which is almost requiring 2.5 lakh crore / 2.5 trillion rupees, is just moving in the range of 1 trillion rupees, so there is a pressure in the market on interest rates, and consequently pressure on giving higher deposit rates. And you also have to factor that the savings pattern of the Indian household has changed. So considering all these factors, the NIM we had expected — because of these external factors, if these are contained or addressed in the next one month, and the impact — because whatever the economists say, even though the treaty is signed today the actual impact will be felt 2-3 months later — that is the real picture on the ground, and we have to accept that the cost of funds will be under pressure. What we had envisaged that we'll get the benefit of cost of funds throughout the year, we have got the benefit in Q1, Q2 we have to see, because my savings bank cost of funds have already gone up by almost 20 basis points. So it is just market forces. And apart from that the tech costs — the investments we have already planned and we do not want to go back; we need products, processes, strong pillars like a strong LOS (Loan Origination System), all these we are continuing to invest on, so maybe we have to wait for some time to leverage from this investment.

[CFO supplement — the 40 bps bridge]: Just to translate into numbers from what Bas (MD) said, the break up of the 40 basis points is roughly around 30 basis points stretch that we see on NIMs and roughly around 10 basis point stretch we see on the opex. Primarily due to the fact that, as we had guided earlier, our NIMs would continue to increase from the 5.8% level in Q2 to 5.9% in Q3, which we clearly saw, and improve to 6.2%; we had a line of sight towards wanting to go towards 6.5% by the end of Q4 FY27, but given that the cost of funds in the industry has gone up due to these external factors, our revised guidance is to see how exactly we can maintain, but as opportunities come we'll try to improve the NIM as well. That's the key difference — 30 basis points. And as tech costs have gone up due to supply chain constraints, our guidance was that opex to asset ratio would be around 4.2% but we've already seen it hovering around 4.3%. So those are the two key factors leading to this reduction, but there is absolutely no dilution of efforts we are putting in to continue to work towards the path we need to focus on.

Q5 follow-up — ANKIT (Nomura): My second question is on credit cost. We have done well on that front, but as you highlighted the energy crisis impact would be much higher for the microfinance segment, so if this continues...

A — MD & CEO: Let me give you clarity. Till now the country is managing very well, but definitely there is a rationing — if you look at the availability of commercial gas cylinders, the flow is not the same. So there has been rationing; till now the country has been managing well, but the question is yes it will lead to escalation of cost, and this segment cannot pass on. So the question is we may not expect delinquency but at the same time we cannot be over aggressive, and therefore a credit cost guidance of 1.6 to 1.8% continues to remain — we are not changing that.

MODERATOR: We take the next question from the line of [Dan Tara] from Green Edge Wealth. Please go ahead.

Q6 — GREEN EDGE WEALTH: Hi, thank you for the opportunity, only one question. In the last 3-4 years we have built our secured book quite fast, we have diversified, and that has led to very high opex; our operating expenses have reached almost 2,200 crore a quarter run rate, but our income has not kept pace. My question is: are we satisfied that we have enough secured assets and can we work on efficiency? Like we have too much of DSA sourcing, we pay too high commissions to the DSAs, we use a lot of collection agencies, we pay a lot of money to them, because the whole secured book is probably 0% ROA for us. So is there any cost efficiency or operating efficiency which can kick in — are we making any effort there? Because I don't even see our CASA improving, the opex has gone towards branch, technology and this new product.

A6 — MD & CEO: Let me tell you very clearly, whatever you have said, we are taking steps in all these areas. We are aware that to start the business we have to depend a lot on DSAs till we come to a level when we develop our own marketing expertise, and now we are in that state. That is why I have said we are investing in LOS — once I connect the LOS, once I get a strong LOS, I can make all my branches the sales point for retail and housing assets, so definitely the DSA cost would come down and the sourcing will be done mostly by my branches. Even my strength of 4,400 BUs (business units) — the ones situated in metro and urban centers, whether they can also be gradually made a sales point for this product — but I need a strong LOS for that. That is why I am saying investments are going up, we cannot stop. The leveraging from these investments will not happen right now. Whatever operating cost you told, the major part was definitely the employee cost which we have rationalized to a large extent, and the tech cost at that time was mainly on account of the CBS (Core Banking System). You have to understand this bank started CBS only 3 years back — we were delayed but we have started, and the last 2-3 years the major cost of the tech side was on the CBS; now we are having the measured side on the LOS, and side by side some work is also going on the CRM. So leveraging from the LOS investments and to have completely tech-driven / digital-driven products which are gradually coming — we have already started three-four products, the Elite has come, the Elite Plus has come, we have revamped our new corporate salary packages, the credit card we are just waiting to launch, probably in this quarter or year. So all these products are coming in place and it requires initial investment, so this tech cost has been there for the bank to grow. But yes the leveraging of these costs will definitely come in the future.

[CBO / management supplement]: On efficiencies, we are working on efficiencies within the secured book also; not all the secured book comes from DSAs. We are trying to use multiple channels; one of the key initiatives is really driving cross-sell, to drive the growth of secured assets through the use of our branches, which will create more operating efficiency. We have a clear plan on how we will reduce our dependency on DSA and move to the branch channel. We started the branch channel activation last year — earlier we were doing 200 crore a month, in the last quarter we have already done more than 900 crore of assets on the branch channel. So our focus is to activate each and every branch channel, and simultaneously working on the BUs to convert them as sourcing centers, so the dependency on the other (DSA) channel will reduce drastically.

Q6 follow-up — GREEN EDGE WEALTH: So just for us investors, if all these initiatives work, the cost to income should come down from say current 62% levels to where do you see this? Path for next 2-3 years — does it come down to 55 over 2-3 years?

A — MD & CEO / CFO: At least for the next one year probably it will be [elevated] because till we reach a certain level of business; but yes then it will come down. We were expecting it should taper down from 28-29... [The guidance we have given is on opex to asset ratio of around 4.2%, right now it's recovering to 4.3, we'll try to bring it down.] We had guided that after 2 years of investments — which is beyond FY28 — we should start to see further efficiencies come through. So this is still investment years for us; as MD talked about, the tech investments are the key investment we are doing, and as these are completed we start seeing the returns, then we can start seeing the tapering down of opex to assets.

MODERATOR: We take the next question from the line of M.B. Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead.

Q7 — M.B. MAHESH (Kotak Securities): A clarification. If you go to segments like wholesale banking, if you were to just look at the margins of that particular product, how different would it be compared to the overall margins for the business? You're building this wholesale banking book which is growing at about 35-40%; just trying to understand why you are growing this business given margins are diluting.

A7 — MD & CEO: The fundamental thing is that the wholesale banking book we are now only seeing because we are doing the vanilla advance, but that is not our goal. We want to have a wallet share in this corporate. The entry is through the advances, so right now definitely the ROA is less because I have to lend to these big corporates, the better corporates where the risk is much lower, at very competitive rates. But that is not our purpose. That's why we are now looking into other areas — for example we have just now entered into forex only in the last quarter, and I think Satish can give the statistics.

[Satish]: The book we are building in wholesale banking is not being thrown at very cheap rates. The rates we are doing are quite comparable to the industry average, in fact better than industry average from the data we have. We are working on multiple aspects in generating more other income; FX is one part, and earlier we did not have the whole suite of products which we now have, most of them, which are generating not only flows through us but building other income in terms of fee income and forex income.

A (cont) — MD & CEO: The purpose of entering this business is to get the wallet share of the company, that is to get other income. Till now we did not have the products so we were doing only vanilla advances; now we have issuing bank, doing cash management, all these things are being done now.

Q7 follow-up — M.B. MAHESH: The point I'm trying to drive is, given that margins are under pressure, between stabilizing margins versus growing this particular book, the trade-off is how much NII can I generate out of this business versus losing margins by not growing that business. Just trying to understand why are you prioritizing this growth when there is pressure on margins?

A — MD & CEO: For the future, let me tell you the pressure is on the NIM, I do admit, but our aim is to offset this loss in the interest compared to the other business through the other income, where we did not have the capability till now. Now we are gradually entering into that segment. The purpose is I can get other income only through wholesale banking compared to any other vertical — the other income on account of LCs, trade finance, forex.

Q7 follow-up 2 — M.B. MAHESH: The problem we are trying to solve is the reduction in margin appears to be a little bit higher than what we had anticipated, so just trying to check whether giving up a bit of growth solves the problem, or you feel growing is more important?

A — MD & CEO: The growth is dependent on many factors, the first is your capability to grow by mobilization of deposits. But whatever growth we are planning, we have a strategy — we will maintain our share of 35% in the EB segment and 65% in non-EB, 40% unsecured and 60% secured, keeping these ratios in mind. It is not that we are very aggressively going; if you look at our balance sheet we are trying to maintain a very secular growth across all these verticals.

[CFO / Rajeev supplement]: One is, as you know, micro finance / EB gives a higher return but we have seen the amount of volatility it exercises because of external vulnerabilities, therefore as a strategy the bank is working toward higher secured mix, which is what we have done over the last 2-3 years, and that consistency is key. Why the secured book has grown including wholesale banking — because it provides a stable set of revenues. But your point is right, we want to augment those revenues to other income by creating these capabilities, which allows us to generate not just a stable set of NIM but also stable set of other income. The pace of growth is what we will calibrate. As we hover closer to the target aspiration of the secured mix, the ability of the bank is to start growing the unsecured a bit more to balance out between secured and unsecured. But at this stage we still have a bit more growth coming through the secured, and EB which is currently flat we want to increase to between 5 to 10% growth.

Q7 follow-up 3 — M.B. MAHESH: One question on IT cost — you had absolutely no headroom to push back these costs for a couple of quarters?

A — MD & CEO / management: As I explained, given that the last three years we have invested on multiple technology brands, in terms of building some of the new products for wholesale, retail, housing, and also improving our governance standard in terms of getting product monitoring and other tools. As you invest in technology each year the running cost goes up, and also with volume you have to make investment on scalability, and given this whole energy shortage / chip prices etc all of those costs are going up. That is at one level. So you need to have DR (disaster recovery), automated DR capabilities, those costs are also going up. So I don't see the cost slowing down at this point in time, but the pace at which it has grown over the last 3 years, that pace may taper down slowly, and after 18 months or so we should see the outcome of all of these coming in the form of productivity gains. Also to supplement, as we said we want to generate higher other income for which capabilities are very important; the pace of IT, if at all, we will not postpone, we would rather prepone to get these investments / capabilities in at the earliest so we can start seeing the benefit.

MODERATOR: We take the next question from the line of Rahul Kumar from Vikaria Investment Management. Please go ahead.

Q8 — RAHUL KUMAR (Vikaria Investment Management): Hi, just one question. On slide 23, the collection efficiency which is shown for June is lower than the quarter average, which means the collection has actually deteriorated over the quarters. Can you help us understand this?

A8 — MANAGEMENT (Rajeev): I can explain that. What happens is during the quarter we also get a recovery of the in-quarter slippages which come through, and therefore the collection efficiency for the quarter will look slightly higher compared to just for the month, because it doesn't capture through the quarter. So it's just a technical difference, nothing else. Therefore comparison for a month versus for a quarter is important.

Q8 follow-up — RAHUL KUMAR: Second question, is there any one-off items in the net interest income or the other income?

A — MANAGEMENT: No, nothing on the income side. On the expense side there is a 61 crore gratuity provision because of the new wage act.

MODERATOR: We take the next question from the line of Nitin Agarwal from Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead.

Q9 — NITIN AGARWAL (Motilal Oswal): Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I have a few questions. One is on the retail asset again, where you talked about OD was one product where we saw a decline, but gold loans is also another segment where we have reported a decline while the industry is growing very well. Anything to it which has driven this?

A9 — [Retail asset head]: As far as gold loan is concerned, we implemented the new circular of RBI and we developed the system — as you know the entire circular was a 180 degree change, so that has impacted our initial sourcing in the month of April and till mid-May. Now we are back to normal sourcing, so this quarter we will take it up on gold. As far as the growth which was talked about, Q1 double digit growth — even Q1 last year it was single digit growth, so Q1 typically, as guided, is a softer quarter for us, but Q2 onwards it will be similar to previous quarters.

Q9 follow-up — NITIN AGARWAL: Secondly, while we are watching out the overall external macro environment and guiding for slower growth in MFI, but if I look at the recoveries and upgrades this quarter, they are better than the fourth quarter, in fact better than most of the quarters of FY26. So what has driven this, and where is the disconnect between the outlook we are talking about and this quarter's recovery and upgrade number?

A — CFO (Rajeev): I can clarify. As I mentioned we had done an ARC sale of the housing finance portfolio amounting to roughly 290 crore, and in response to that as part of the deal we've actually got roughly 120 crore of cash recovery which has come through. So the recovery numbers do include 120 crore of ARC related recovery that we have got. Again let me reiterate that we have indicated an improvement in the credit cost, so I don't think recoveries will slow down — whether it will continue at the same pace or even better. What we are researching is that probably the cost of funds — there will be an increase in that cost of funds — so that's why we prepare, and apart from that is the tech cost. So credit cost will continue to improve and definitely the recovery will also improve.

Q9 follow-up 2 — NITIN AGARWAL: When you talk about MFI growth at relatively moderate pace, do you look at Bandhan growing slower than the industry? Is there still a conscious decision to further reduce the MFI mix from where it is, or are we letting it flow as per how the macro environment is moving?

A — MD & CEO: Let me tell you, we are the leader and we will be the leader. Number two, again there is no conscious cut and there will not be aggressive growth; at the same time we will look at the situation. As Rajeev indicated we have a bandwidth of around 5 to 10%, so we will grow — if the situation improves we may grow up to 10% also. So it's not that we will cut it, but yes overall my book will remain 33 to 35% of the total exposure. [Thank you so much, wish you all the best.]

MODERATOR: We take that as the last question and conclude the question and answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments.

MANAGEMENT (closing): I would like to thank all our investors and all stakeholders who have joined the call for their continued trust in the bank. Thank you.

MODERATOR: On behalf of Bandhan Bank Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.

--- END OF TRANSCRIPT ---
