[page 1]
 
 
 
 
August 6, 2026 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
Department of Corporate Services,   The Listing Department,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza,     
Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra Kurla Complex,     
Mumbai-400001    Mumbai-400051    
Scrip Code: 544545     Symbol: TRUALT 
 
Sub: Notice convening the 5
th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and Integrated Annual 
Report for financial year 2025-26 (“FY 2026”) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
The 5th AGM of the Company will be held on Monday, August 31, 2026, at 11:30 a.m. IST 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”).   
Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations  
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing R egulations”), we are 
submitting herewith the notice convening the 5th AGM along with Integrated Annual Report for 
FY 2025-26 which is being sent through electronic mode to the Members, who have registered 
their email addresses with the Company/Depositories.  
The Integrated Annual Report for FY 2025-26 & Notice of 5 th AGM is also uploaded on the 
Company’s website www.trualtbioenergy.com 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely 
For TruAlt Bioenergy Limited  
 
 
Monu Kumar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(Membership No.: A38853) 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
[page 2]
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE 5TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (“AGM”) OF TRUALT BIOENERGY 
LIMITED (“THE COMPANY” OR “TBL ”) WILL BE HELD ON MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 2026, AT 11:30 A.M. (IST) 
THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING (“VC”)/OTHER AUDIO-VISUAL MEANS (“OAVM”), TO TRANSACT THE 
FOLLOWING BUSINESS:
ORDINARY BUSINESS
To consider and adopt (a) the Audited Financial Statements (Standalone) of the Company for the ﬁnancial 
year ended March 31, 2026 together with the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon; and 
(b) the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements (Consolidated) of the Company for the ﬁnancial year 
ended March 31, 2026 together with the report of Auditors thereon and in this regard, to consider and if 
thought ﬁt, to pass the following resolutions as an Ordinary Resolutions:
a)“RESOLVED THAT the Audited Financial Statements (Standalone) of the Company for the ﬁnancial 
year ended March 31, 2026 together with the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon, as 
circulated to the members, be and are hereby considered and adopted.”
b)“RESOLVED THAT the Audited Financial Statements (Consolidated) of the Company for the ﬁnancial 
year ended March 31, 2026 together with the report of Auditors thereon, as circulated to the members, 
be and are hereby considered and adopted.”
To appoint a director in place of Mr. Vishal Nirani (DIN: 08434032), who retires by rotation and being 
eligible, offers himself for re-appointment and in this regard, to consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass the 
following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Vishal Nirani (DIN: 08434032), who retires by rotation at this meeting, be and is 
hereby appointed as a Director (Executive) of the Company.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS
Ratiﬁcation of remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for the ﬁnancial year ending March 31, 2027 
and, in this regard, to consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass, the following resolution as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Section 148 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the remuneration, as approved by 
the Board of Directors and set out in the statement annexed to this Notice, to be paid to the Cost Auditors 
appointed by the Board of Directors, to conduct the audit of cost records of the Company for the ﬁnancial 
year ending March 31, 2027, be and is hereby ratiﬁed.”
1.
2. 
3. 
TRUALT BIOENERGY LIMITED
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978
Registered Oﬃce: Survey No. 166, Mudhol Road, Kulali, Cross, Jamkhandi, Bagalkot, Karnataka, 587313
Corporate Oﬃce: 15th Floor, Unit No. N-1504, World Trade Centre, Brigade Gateway Campus, No. 26/1, 
Dr. Rajkumar Road, Malleswaram West, Bengaluru- 560055, Karnataka, India.
Email: contact@trualtbioenergy.com, Website: https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/ Phone: 080-23255000
01
[page 3]
5. 
4. 
accorded to ﬁx the remuneration by way of commission payable to Mr. Vishal Nirani (DIN: 08434032), 
Executive Director of the Company, every year, effective from April 1, 2026, on the terms and conditions, 
including commission, as set out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to this Notice.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of loss or inadequacy of proﬁts in any ﬁnancial year, Mr. Vishal 
Nirani shall not be entitled to receive any commission.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board shall have the discretion and authority to modify the terms of 
commission within the limit as approved by the members.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors, Chief Financial Oﬃcer, and Company Secretary and 
Compliance Oﬃcer of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized on behalf of the Company to do 
all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary, proper or desirable or expedient 
for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution.”
Appointment of Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a period of 5 years and in this regard, to consider 
and if thought ﬁt, to pass, the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 204 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013, Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and 
Regulation 24A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), other applicable laws/statutory provisions, 
if any, as amended from time to time, Mr. Deepak Sadhu, Practicing Company Secretaries, (ACS: 39541 
COP: 14992) (Peer review No: 2387/2022), be and is hereby appointed as Secretarial Auditor of the 
Company for term of ﬁve consecutive years commencing from ﬁnancial year 2026-27 till ﬁnancial year 
2030-31, at such fees, plus applicable taxes and other out-of-pocket expenses as may be mutually agreed 
upon between the Board of Directors of the Company and the Secretarial Auditor.”
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
Monu Kumar
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer
M. No.: A38853
Registered Oﬃce: 
Survey No. 166, Kulali Cross, Jamkhandi Mudhol Road
Mudhol, Bagalkot 587313 
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978
Website: www.trualtbioenergy.com 
E-mail: cs@trualtbioenergy.com 
Tel.: +91 80 2325 5000
Fixation of commission payable to Mr. Vishal Nirani (DIN: 08434032), Executive Director of the Company 
and in this regard, to consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass, the following resolution as Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197 and 198 and other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, (including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force), read with Schedule V to the Act and the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), 
and the Articles of Association of the Company, and based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, and the Board of Directors, the consent of the members be and is hereby 
02
[page 4]
1. 
NOTES:
A statement, pursuant to the provisions of Section 102(1) and other applicable provisions of the Act read 
with the Rules, setting out all material facts relating to the resolutions mentioned in the Notice and 
additional information as required under the Listing Regulations is attached.
The Notice of Annual General Meeting was approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on July 
28, 2026.
The information required to be provided under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) and the Secretarial Standards on General Meetings, regarding 
the Directors who are proposed to be appointed/ re-appointed and the related Explanatory Statement 
pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), in respect of Special Business are annexed 
hereto.
As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility for making nominations is available for the 
Members with respect to the shares held by them. Members who have not yet registered their nomination 
are requested to register the same by submitting Form No. SH-13. If a Member desires to cancel the earlier 
nomination and record a fresh nomination, he may submit the same in Form SH-14. The forms can be 
downloaded from the RTA’s website. Members are requested to submit the said form to their Depository 
Participants (“DPs”) in case the shares are held in electronic form and to the Registrar at Oﬃce No S6-2, 6th 
ﬂoor Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400093, 
India. in case the shares are held in physical form, quoting your folio number.
SEBI has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (“PAN”), KYC details and nomination 
by holders of physical securities and linking PAN with Aadhaar vide its circulars dated March 16, 2023 and 
November 17, 2023, by every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in demat form are 
therefore requested to submit their PAN to their Depository Participant(s) with whom they are maintaining 
their demat accounts. Members holding shares in physical form can submit their PAN to the Company or 
RTA.
Meeting through VC/OAVM:
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) vide its Circular No. 3/2025 dated September 22, 2025 read together 
with circulars dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 5, 2020, January 13, 2021, December 8, 2021, 
December 14, 2021, May 5, 2022, December 28, 2022, September 25, 2023 and September 19, 2024 
(collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”) has allowed conducting Annual General Meeting (AGM) 
through Video Conferencing (VC) or Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM) without the physical presence of 
Members. In compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act and MCA Circulars, the 5th AGM of the 
Members will be held through VC/OAVM. Hence, Members can attend and participate in the AGM through 
VC/OAVM only. Since this AGM is being held through VC/OAVM the physical attendance of members is 
dispensed with and no proxies would be accepted by the Company. No proxy form has been sent along 
with this Notice. No attendance slip/route map has been sent along with this Notice as the meeting is held 
through VC/ OAVM. Members who are shareholders as on Tuesday, August 25, 2026 (“Cut-off Date”) can 
join the AGM 30 minutes prior to the commencement of the AGM and till the time of the conclusion of the 
AGM by following the procedure mentioned in this Notice.
The attendance through VC/OAVM is restricted and hence members will be allowed on ﬁrst come ﬁrst 
served basis. However, as per the MCA Circulars, attendance of Members holding more than 2% of the 
shares of the Company, Institutional Investors as on the Cut-off Date, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
and Auditors will not be restricted on ﬁrst come ﬁrst served basis. Members attending the AGM through 
VC/OAVM will be counted for the purposes of Quorum under Section 103 of the Act.
03
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
[page 5]
7. 
8. 
Dispatch of AGM Notice and Integrated Annual Report through electronic mode:
In line with the MCA Circulars and Regulation 36 of SEBI Listing Regulations, this Notice along with the 
Integrated Annual Report for FY 2025-26 is being sent by electronic mode to those Members whose email 
addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories/ Depository Participants/ RTA. Members may 
note that the Notice and Integrated Annual Report for FY 2025-26 will also be available on the Company’s 
website www.trualtbioenergy.com, websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively and on the website of 
National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) https://www.evoting.nsdl.com. Hard copy of the full 
Integrated Annual Report will be sent to shareholders upon request.
Additionally, as per Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, a letter providing the weblink of the 
Annual Report for FY 2025-26 and a static Quick Response Code (QR Code), will be sent to those 
shareholder(s) who have not registered their email address with the Company/ Depositories / Depository 
Participants / RTA.
The Company will be publishing an advertisement in Newspapers (one English newspaper and one 
Kannada newspaper) containing the details about the AGM i.e., date and time of AGM, details for e-voting, 
availability of notice of AGM at the Company’s website, manner of registering the email IDs of those 
shareholders who have not registered their email addresses, manner of providing mandate for dividends, 
and other matters as may be required.
Procedure for registration of email address by shareholders:
Those Members who have not yet registered their email address are requested to get their email 
addresses registered by following the procedure given below:
Members holding shares in physical forms, if any, are requested to furnish Form ISR-1, Form ISR-2 
and SH-13 (available on the Company’s RTA website at 
https://www.bigshareonline.com/resources-sebi_circular.aspx#parentHorizontalTab3)  along with 
the necessary attachments mentioned in the said Forms to Bighare Services Private Limited, Oﬃce 
No S6-2, 6th ﬂoor Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri 
(East) Mumbai - 400093, India. Members may also email the duly ﬁlled forms to 
amarendranath.r@bigshareonline.com. This will enable the shareholders to receive electronic 
copies of the Integrated Annual Report for FY 2025-26 and this Notice.
Members holding shares in demat form may validate/ update their email address and other details 
with their respective Depository Participants.
Members who have already registered their email addresses are requested to get their email addresses 
validated with their Depository Participants/ RTA to enable servicing of notices / documents / Annual 
Reports electronically to their email address.
It is clariﬁed that if a member fails to provide or update the relevant email address to the Company or 
its RTA or to the DP , as the case may be, the Company will not be in default for not delivering the Notice 
via email. The availability of this Notice on the Company’s website and on the website of the NSDL and 
Stock Exchanges shall be deemed to be the issuance of this Notice to all the Shareholders whose email 
address are not registered with the Company.
Inspection of Documents:
The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding maintained under Section 
170 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the directors are 
04
1. 
2.
3.
9. 
a.
b.
[page 6]
10. 
11. 
interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act, and the relevant documents referred to in this Notice 
and the Annual Report for “Inspection of members” will be available, for inspection electronically, to the 
members during the AGM. All shareholders will be able to inspect all documents referred to in the Notice 
and the explanatory statement thereto electronically without any fee from the date of circulation of this 
Notice up to the date of AGM. Members seeking to inspect such documents may send an email request to 
cs@trualtbioenergy.com 
Investor Queries and Grievance Redressal:
The Company has designated an exclusive e-mail id viz. cs@trualtbioenergy.com to enable Investors to 
register their grievances, if any. 
Members seeking any information with regard to the accounts or any matter to be placed at the AGM, are 
requested to write to the Company on or before the date of AGM through email on 
cs@trualtbioenergy.com. The same will be replied to by the Company suitably. 
Members may note that in case of any dispute against the Company and/or its Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent, as per SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/OIAE/ OIAE_ IAD-3/P/CIR/2023/195 dated July 31, 2023, 
members can ﬁle for Online Resolution of Dispute which harnesses online conciliation and arbitration for 
resolution of disputes arising in the Indian Securities Market. Members can use this mechanism only after 
they have lodged their grievance with the Company and SCORES and are not satisﬁed with the outcome of 
the redressal. For more details, please see the following weblinks of the Stock Exchanges:
BSE: https://bsecrs.bseindia.com/ecomplaint/ frmInvestorHome.aspx 
NSE: https://www.nseindia.com/complaints/ online-dispute-resolution
Instruction for attending the meeting through VC/OAVM:
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depositories Limited (“NSDL ”) as the agency 
to provide e-voting facility.
Members will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM using the NSDL e-voting 
system. Members may follow the steps mentioned in this Notice for access to NSDL e-voting system. After 
successful login, you can see the link of VC/OAVM placed under “Join General Meeting” menu against the 
Company name. You are requested to click on the VC/OAVM link placed under “Join General Meeting” 
menu.
Please note that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-voting or have forgotten 
their User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the instructions mentioned in this Notice.
Members can participate in AGM through smart phone/laptop. However, for better experience and smooth 
participation it is advisable to join the Meeting using Google Chrome, with Laptops connected through 
broadband. Further Members will be required to use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance 
during the meeting.
Please note that participants connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop via Mobile 
Hotspot may experience Audio/Video packet loss due to ﬂuctuation in their respective network. It is 
therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to avoid any disturbances.
Members who would like to express their views or ask questions during the AGM may register themselves as 
a speaker by sending a request from their registered email address mentioning their name, DP ID and Client 
ID/folio number, PAN, mobile number to cs@trualtbioenergy.com from Monday, August 24, 2026 (9:00 a.m. 
IST) to Wednesday, August 26, 2026  (5:00 p.m. IST). 
05
[page 7]
12. 
Only those Members who have registered themselves as a speaker and receive a conﬁrmation from the 
Company will be allowed to express their views/ask questions during the AGM. The Company reserves the 
right to restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the AGM.
E-voting:
In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, Secretarial Standards-2 on General Meetings 
and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, the Company is pleased to offer the facility of voting through 
electronic means. The said facility of casting the votes by the members using electronic means (remote 
e-voting) will be provided by National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL ”). The businesses as set out in 
the Notice shall be transacted only through electronic voting system.
A person whose name is recorded in the register of members or in the register of beneﬁcial owners 
maintained by the depositories as on the Cut-off Date i.e. Tuesday, August 25, 2026 shall be entitled to avail 
the facility of remote e-voting or e-voting on the day of the AGM. Persons who are not members as on the 
Cut-off Date should treat this notice for information purposes only.
The members who have cast their vote through remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend the AGM 
but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
The remote e-voting period commences on Thursday, August 27, 2026 at 9.00 A.M. and ends on Sunday, 
August 30, 2026 at 5.00 P .M. During this period, members of the Company holding shares either in physical 
or dematerialised form, as on the Cut-off Date i.e. Tuesday, August 25, 2026 may cast their vote by remote 
e-voting. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter.
Instructions for e-voting during the AGM:
The e-voting window shall be activated upon instructions of the Chairman during the AGM. 
Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM and have not cast their vote on the resolutions through 
remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system 
available during the AGM. 
Member(s), whose names appear in the Register of Members / list of Beneﬁcial Owners as on cut off date, are 
entitled to vote on the resolutions. Any person holding shares in physical form, if any, and non-individual 
shareholders, who acquire shares of the Company and becomes a member of the Company after the notice is 
sent and continues to hold shares as of the Cut-off Date i.e. Tuesday, August 25, 2026 may obtain the login ID 
and password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or the Company at cs@trualtbioenergy.com or 
follow the steps mentioned in the Notice of the AGM under “Access to NSDL e-voting system”. However, if you 
are already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting, then you can use your existing user ID and password for 
casting your vote. If you forgot your password, you could reset your password by using “Forgot User 
Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com or call at 022 
4886 7000.
Voting rights of a member / beneﬁcial owner (in case of electronic shareholding) shall be in proportion to his 
/ her / its shareholding in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the Cut-Off Date.
Members are requested to follow the instructions given in this notice to cast their votes through e-voting.
06
[page 8]
A.
The detailed steps on the process and manner for remote e-voting/e-voting at the AGM and to access the VC 
facility at the AGM are as follows:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-voting system
Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile 
number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL.
1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, 
email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will 
be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to 
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.
nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home 
‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. 
After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value 
added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be 
able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://
eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://
eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp Visit the e-Voting website of 
NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system 
is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen 
as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or 
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
4. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” 
facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience. 
07
NSDL Mobile App is available on

[page 9]
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing 
user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without 
any further authentication. The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit 
CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab 
and then user your existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for 
eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by 
company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of 
the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then 
click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account 
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home 
page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & 
Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will 
be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to 
directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual 
Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat 
mode) login through 
their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, 
you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected 
to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see 
e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk 
by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 
toll free no. 1800-21-09911
08
[page 10]
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast 
your vote.
If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the ﬁrst time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ 
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial 
password’ and the system will force you to change your password.
How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. 
Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf ﬁle. Open the .pdf ﬁle. The password to open the 
.pdf ﬁle is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio 
number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf ﬁle contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial 
password’. 
If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered 
09
Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Veriﬁcation Code 
as shown on the screen.
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDeAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDeAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after 
using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote 
electronically.
Your User ID details are given below :
B.
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical  Your User ID is:
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your 
user ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 12**************
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company
For example, if EVEN is 123456 and folio number is 001*** then user ID 
is 123456001***
a.
b.
c.
(i)
(ii)
[page 11]
6. 
7. 
1. 
1. 
2. 
If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL 
or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b) Physical User Reset Password? ” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your 
registered address etc.
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting 
system of NSDL.
After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-voting system. 
After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you Notice are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
Select “EVEN 140628” to cast your vote during the remote e-voting period and casting your vote during the 
General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join 
General Meeting”.
Now you are ready for e-voting as the Voting page opens.
Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify / modify the number of shares 
for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Conﬁrm” when prompted.
Upon conﬁrmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the conﬁrmation 
page.
Once you conﬁrm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature 
of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to 
deepakksadhu@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com and cs@trualtbioenergy.com. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution 
/ Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" 
displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.
It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep 
your password conﬁdential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon ﬁve unsuccessful attempts 
to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User 
Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to 
reset the password.
10
8. 
9. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
[page 12]
3. 
4. 
5. 
1. 
2. 
In case of any queries relating to voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for 
Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to (Name of NSDL Oﬃcial) at 
evoting@nsdl.com.
Members who need assistance before or during the AGM, can contact NSDL on evoting@nsdl.com /or call 
at 022 4886 7000.
A Member can opt for only one mode of voting i.e. either through remote e-voting or at the Meeting. If a 
Member has cast his vote by remote e-voting then he will not be eligible to vote at the Meeting.
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out 
in this notice:
In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of 
the share certiﬁcate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to cs@trualtbioenergy.com
In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit 
beneﬁciary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
cs@trualtbioenergy.com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are 
requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and 
password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their 
mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.
The instructions for members for e-voting on the day of the AGM are as under:
The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote 
e-voting.
Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not 
casted their vote on the resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, 
shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system in the AGM.
Members who have voted through Remote e-voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not 
be eligible to vote at the AGM.
The contact details for any grievances connected with respect to the facility for e-voting on the day of the 
AGM shall be the same as mentioned for remote e-voting.
11
3. 
4. 
1. 
2. 
3. 
[page 13]
13. 
14. 
Live Webcast of the AGM:
Members will be able to view the live webcast of AGM provided by NSDL at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com 
following the steps mentioned above for login to NSDL e-voting system. 
After successful login, you can see webcast link placed under Join meeting menu against the Company 
name. You are requested to click on Webcast link- placed under “Join Meeting” menu.
Information regarding Scrutinizer and declaration of Voting results:
The Company has appointed Mr. Deepak Sadhu, a Practising Company Secretary (Membership No.: 39541 
& CP No.: 14992), to act as the Scrutinizer for conducting the voting and remote e-voting process in a fair 
and transparent manner. 
The scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman after completion of the scrutiny. The result of the 
voting on the resolutions at the meeting shall be announced by the Chairman or any other person 
authorized by him immediately after the results are declared. 
Based on the report received from the Scrutinizer, the Company will submit within 2 working days to the 
stock exchanges details of the voting results as required under Regulation 44(3) of the Listing Regulations.
The results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s report, will be hosted on the website of the Company 
www.trualtbioenergy.com and on the website of NSDL at https://evoting.nsdl.com and will be displayed on 
the Notice Board of the Company at its Registered Oﬃce as well as Corporate Oﬃce immediately after the 
declaration of the result by the Chairman or any person authorised by him in writing and communicated to 
the Stock Exchanges.
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
Monu Kumar
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer
M. No.: A38853
Registered Oﬃce: 
Survey No. 166, Kulali Cross, Jamkhandi Mudhol Road
Mudhol, Bagalkot 587313 
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978
Website: www.trualtbioenergy.com 
E-mail: cs@trualtbioenergy.com 
Tel.: +91 80 2325 5000 
12
[page 14]
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT , 2013 AND ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION AS REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING 
OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 AND CIRCULARS ISSUED 
THEREUNDER 
The following Statement sets out all material facts relating to the special business proposed in this Notice:
Item No. 3
The Board of Directors has, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee in their meeting hed on May 22, 
2026 approved the appointment and remuneration of M/s. R. Nanabhoy & Co., Cost Accountants (Firm 
Registration No.  FRN: 000010), as Cost Auditors of the company at a remuneration of Rs. 9,00,000/-(Rupees 
Nine Lakh Only) plus out of pocket expenses and taxes, if any, to conduct the audit of the cost records of the 
Company for the ﬁnancial year ending March 31, 2027.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit 
and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors, as recommended by the Audit 
Committee and approved by the Board of Directors, is required to be ratiﬁed by the members of the Company. 
Accordingly, ratiﬁcation by the members is sought for the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for the 
ﬁnancial year ending March 31, 2027 by passing an Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 3 of this Notice.
 
None of the Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives are, in any way, concerned 
or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the resolution. 
The Board of Directors commends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 3 of this Notice for ratiﬁcation 
by the members.
Item No 4
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on July 28, 2026, has approved, subject to the 
approval of the members, the payment of commission to Mr. Vishal Nirani, Executive Director of the Company, 
every year, effective from April 1, 2026, in recognition of the valuable services rendered and responsibilities 
undertaken in the management and operations of the Company.
Mr. Vishal Nirani has been actively involved in the business affairs of the Company and has signiﬁcantly 
contributed to its growth and performance. Considering his experience, expertise, responsibilities and 
contribution to the Company and fact that he is not entitled to draw any ﬁx remuneration from the Company, 
the Board considers it appropriate to remunerate him by way of commission based on the net proﬁts of the 
Company.
Accordingly, approval of the members is sought for payment of commission to Mr. Vishal Nirani of an amount 
not exceeding 1% of the net proﬁts of the Company computed in accordance with the provisions of Section 
198 of the Companies Act, 2013, effective from April 1, 2026.
As per Section 197 read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, a Company may pay managerial 
remuneration to its directors other than Managing Director or whole-time director or manger in excess of the 
prescribed limits of 1% if the Company has one managing director or WTD or manager, if the resolution for 
grant of such remuneration is approved by a special resolution of shareholders. Further, as per Regulation 
17(6) (e) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the fees or compensation payable to executive directors who are 
promoters or members of the promoter group is subject to the approval of the shareholders by special 
resolution, if the annual remuneration payable to such executive director exceeds rupees 5 crore or 2.5 per 
cent of the net proﬁts of the listed entity, whichever is higher or where there is more than one such director, the 
aggregate annual remuneration to such directors exceeds 5% of the net proﬁts of the Listed Company. 
Considering that the Company has another Executive Director who draws ﬁxed remuneration, the commission 
proposed to be paid to Mr. Vishal Nirani for the relevant ﬁnancial year shall exceed the aggregate remuneration 
payable to the executive directors who is neither Managing Director or whole-time director or manager in 
excess of threshold limit of 1% as prescribed under section 197 read with schedule V of the Act. 13
[page 15]
Accordingly, the approval of the shareholders by way of a Special Resolution is required for payment of the 
proposed commission to Mr. Vishal Nirani. The proposed commission shall be in excess of the aforesaid 1% 
limit and shall be in addition to the ﬁxed remuneration payable to the other Executive Director.
Further, Mr. Vishal Nirani shall not be entitled to receive any commission in case of no proﬁts or inadequate 
proﬁts during any ﬁnancial year.
Mr. Vishal Nirani is not debarred from holding the oﬃce of Director in terms of Section 164 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 or debarred from holding the oﬃce of director by virtue of the SEBI order or any other authority.
Save and except Mr. Vishal Nirani, Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani and Mrs. Sushmitha Nirani and their 
relatives, none of the other director or key managerial personnel of the Company or their respective relatives 
may be deemed to be concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in this resolution.
The Board of Directors recommends the Resolution set out at Item No. 4 for approval of the members as 
Special Resolution.
Item no 5
The Board at its meeting held on July 28, 2026, based on recommendation of the Audit Committee, after 
evaluating and considering various factors such as industry experience, competency of the audit team, 
eﬃciency in conduct of audit, independence, etc., has approved the appointment of Mr. Deepak Sadhu, 
Practicing Company Secretaries, (ACS: 39541 COP: 14992) (Peer review No: 2387/2022), as Secretarial 
Auditor of the Company for a term of ﬁve consecutive years commencing from FY 2026-27 till FY 2030-31, 
subject to approval of the Members.
The appointment of Secretarial Auditors shall be in terms of the amended Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations vide SEBI Notiﬁcation dated December 12, 2024 and provisions of Section 204 of the Act and Rule 
9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
Mr. Deepak Sadhu is a Practicing Company Secretaries in Bangalore. He has an overall 11 years of 
professional experience in corporate laws, governance, secretarial audit, intellectual property and transaction 
advisory. He has served as a trusted advisor to 150+ companies and has worked with reputed organizations, 
including the Kurl-on Group as Compliance Advisor and listed companies such as Natural Capsules Limited, 
KMF Builders & Developers Limited etc.
His expertise spans corporate compliance, board and shareholder advisory, mergers & acquisitions, business 
takeovers, due diligence, and strategic transactions. He also provides end-to-end trademark services, 
including applications, objections, hearings, registrations, renewals, restorations, and portfolio management.
Considering his vast professional expertise and experience, the Board is of opinion that his engagement as 
Secretarial Auditor of the Company would be in the best interest of the Company.
Mr. Deepak Sadhu is not disqualiﬁed and is eligible to be appointed as Secretarial Auditor in terms of 
Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The services to be rendered by him as Secretarial Auditor of 
the Company shall be within the purview of the said regulation read with SEBI circular no. SEBI/ 
HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/CIR/P/2024/185 dated December 31, 2024.
The proposed fees in connection with the secretarial audit shall be Rs. 1,50,000/- (Rupees One Lakh Fifty 
Thousand only) per year, plus applicable taxes and other out-of-pocket expenses, as mutually agreed between 
the Board of Directors and the secretarial auditor. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out in Item No. 5 of this Notice for approval of the 
Members.
None of the Directors and/or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are concerned 
or interested, in the Resolution set out in Item No. 5 of this Notice.
14
[page 16]
DETAILS OF DIRECTORS SEEKING APPOINTMENT/RE-APPOINTMENT
[Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard - 2 on General Meetings.]
For other details such as number of meetings of the Board attended during FY 2025-26, remuneration last drawn, please 
refer the Corporate Governance Report which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report. 15
Annexure I
Name & DIN of the Director Mr. Vishal Nirani
DIN: 08434032
Date of Birth/ Age 07/10/1997, 29 Years
31.03.2021
Designation and Category of Director Executive Director
Graduate
Experience, Skills required for the role and the 
manner in which the proposed person meets 
Mr. Vishal Nirani, a Mechanical Engineering graduate from 
Brunel University in London, is an important leader at TruAlt 
production and commercial aspects. His deep technical 
knowledge, strategic trading skills and commitment 
to sustainability are evident in his efforts to optimize 
manufacturing processes and promote eco-friendly practices. 
Vishal also serves as Managing Director at Nirani Sugars and 
Managing Partner at Accutrade Global LLP, showcasing his 
versatility and expertise across multiple sectors. He has overall 
experience of 7 years.
Rich experience in various areas of business, operations and 
governance matters
Terms and conditions of  re-appointment Re-appointment in terms of Section 152(6) of the Companies 
Act, 2013
Directorships held in other companies.
Nirani Holdings Private Limited (Director)
Nirani Bioplastic Private Limited (Director)
Nirani Sugars Limited (Managing Director)
Trualt Bioenergy Limited (Executive Director)
Riga Sugar Co Ltd (Managing Director)
Accutrade Global LLP (Designated Partner)
Flavourite Delicacies LLP (Designated Partner)
Memberships/ Chairmanships of committees 
across all companies
Nirani Sugars Limited
Audit Committee- Member 
CSR Committee- Member
Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
Risk Management Committee- Member
IPO Committee- Member
Name of Listed entities from which the Director 
has resigned in the last three years. Nil
Shareholding in the Company 1,53,25,071
Relationships between directors inter-se
Brother of Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani and brother-in-law 
of Mrs. Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani. 
Apart from this, He is not related to any KMPs and other 
directors of the Company.
Remuneration proposed to be paid
197 read with Regulation 17 of SEBI listing Regulation
[page 17]
INFORMATION AT A GLANCE:
Sl. 
No. Particulars Details
1 Day, Date and Time of AGM Monday, August 31, 11:30 A.M. (IST)
2 Mode Video Conference (VC) or Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM)
3 Participation through VC/OAVM Members can login from 11.00 A.M. (IST) on the date of the AGM at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
4 Helpline Number for VC/OAVM 
participation
NSDL Helpline No. 022 4886 7000
5 Submission of Questions/ Queries 
before AGM
Members seeking any information with regard to the accounts or 
any matter mentioned in the AGM Notice, are requested to write to 
the Company on or before the Cut-off Date i.e. August 25, 2026 via 
email at cs@trualtbioenergy.com  The same will be replied by the 
Company suitably.
6 Speaker registration before AGM Members may register themselves as a speaker by sending a 
request from their registered email address mentioning their name, 
DP ID and Client ID/folio number, PAN, mobile number to cs@
trualtbioenergy.com from Monday, August 24, 2026 (9:00 a.m. IST) 
to Wednesday, August 26, 2026  (5:00 p.m. IST). 
7 Transcript Will be made available post AGM at Company website
8 Cut-off Date for e-voting August 25, 2026
9 Remote e-voting start time and date Thursday, August 27, 2026, 09.00 A.M. (IST)
10 Remote e-voting end time and date Sunday, August 30, 2026, 05.00 P.M. (IST)
11 Remote e-voting website of NSDL Shares held in Demat mode with NSDL:
1. Shareholders registered for NSDL IDeAS facility: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com 
2. Others: 
www.evoting.nsdl.com
Shares held in Demat mode with CDSL:
1. Shareholders who have opted for Easi facility of CDSL: 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login 
2. Others: www.cdslindia.com
Logging in through Depositary Participants: 
Members can also login using the login credentials of their demat 
account through your DP registered with NSDL /CDSL for e-voting 
facility.
12 Name, address and contact details 
of e-voting service provider and 
registrar and transfer agent
Registrar and Transfer Agent 
Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd.
Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400093, 
India.. 
Toll Free Number: 080-69219060
Email: investor@bigshareonline.com  
Website: www.bigshareonline.com
E-voting Service Provider 
National Securities Depositories Limited (NSDL)
Trade World, A Wing, 4th Floor, Kamala Mills Compound, Lower 
16
Parel, Mumbai – 400013 
Tel No: 022 4886 7000
[page 18]
17
Sl. 
No. Particulars Details
13 Email Registration and Contact 
Updation Process
Demat Shareholders:
Contact respective Depository Participant
Physical Shareholders: 
Please furnish Form ISR-1, Form ISR-2 and SH-13 (available on 
the Company’s RTA website at https://www.bigshareonline.com/
resources-sebi_circular.aspx#parentHorizontalTab3) along with the 
necessary attachments mentioned in the said Forms to Bighare 
Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East) 
Mumbai - 400093, India.
Members may also email the duly filled forms to 
amarendranath.r@bigshareonline.com
[page 19]
ANNUAL REPORT
2025-26
SHAPING
INDIA ’S
ENERGY
ORDER
Reimagining Energy Security in a VUCA World
RESILIENT  |   STRATEGIC  |   SELF-RELIANT
TRUALT BIOENERGY LIMITED
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS TRUALT ENERGY LIMITED)
[page 20]
Corporate Social Responsibility 207 - 212
/uni0049/uni004E/uni0044/uni0045/uni0058
Introduction - Shaping India’s Energy Order
Company Overview
Corporate Information & Messages from the Management
Management Discussion And Analysis 
Our Directors
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report 
Board's Report 
Corporate Governance Report 
ii. Financial Statement 
Standalone Financial Statements 
i. Independent  Auditor’s report
ii. Financial Statement 
i. Independent  Auditor’s report
Consolidated Financial Statements
01 - 16
17 - 25
26 - 33
37 - 93
34 - 36
94 - 137
138 - 174
175 - 206
289 - 337
213 - 274
215 - 222
223 - 274
275 - 337
275 - 288
[page 21]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 01
STRENGTHENED CREDIBILITY, 
GLOBAL VISIBILITY AND VALUE CREATION AS A
LISTED CLEAN-ENERGY
ENTERPRISE
[page 22]
For most of human history, power has been 
understood in visible terms; territory, military 
strengthand control over material resources. Empires 
expanded through conquest, wealth accumulated 
through trade and political inﬂuence was asserted 
through institutional and military dominance. Yet these 
expressions of power were ultimately underpinned by 
a more fundamental variable, one that has consistently 
shaped the trajectory of civilisations, often without 
explicit recognition: ENERGY.
Long before the emergence of modern institutions, 
before the deepening of capital markets and before the 
integration of global trade networks, the scale and 
structure of human societies were already being 
determined by their capacity to harness and deploy 
energy. The limits of economic organisation, territorial 
expansion and productive output were not simply a 
function of governance or ambition; they were deﬁned, 
more fundamentally, by the availability, density and 
controllability of energy resources.
In this sense, energy occupies a foundational position 
in economic history. It has functioned as the 
underlying architecture of power. While historical 
narratives often emphasise territorial conquest, 
political institutions and military capability, these were 
ultimately derivative of a deeper structural variable: the 
ability to harness, mobilise and sustain energy at 
scale. 
By the early 20th century, this relationship between 
energy and power became not only visible, but 
decisive. The World Wars did not simply test political 
alliances or military doctrines; they fundamentally 
exposed the centrality of energy systems in 
determining the outcome of global conﬂict.
World War I  marked the transition from traditional 
warfare to industrialised conﬂict. Armies were no 
longer sustained by manpower alone but by 
mechanised systems; railways, artillery, naval ﬂeets all 
of which required unprecedented energy inputs. Coal, 
at the time, was the dominant fuel powering industrial 
economies and nations with secure access to coal 
reserves possessed a signiﬁcant structural advantage. 
The war effort was not only fought on battleﬁelds but 
also in mines, factories and supply chains. Energy 
production capacity became synonymous with military 
endurance.
However, it was World War II  that fully redeﬁned the 
strategic importance of energy. The shift from coal to 
oil as the primary fuel transformed the nature of 
warfare. Oil-powered tanks, aircraft and naval ﬂeets 
enabled mobility, speed and sustained operations 
across geographies. Control over oil supply chains 
became a central strategic objective. The German 
push towards the Caucasus, Japan’s expansion into 
Southeast Asia and Allied efforts to secure Middle 
Eastern oil ﬁelds were not incidental manoeuvres; they 
were calculated responses to energy dependency.
Energy & Power (World Wars Foundation)Energy & Power (World Wars Foundation)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 02
INTRODUCTION
[page 23]
The war revealed a critical structural truth: energy 
security is inseparable from national security. Nations 
that could not secure reliable energy supplies were 
structurally constrained, regardless of their military 
ambition. Germany’s reliance on synthetic fuels and 
Japan’s vulnerability to oil embargoes illustrated how 
energy constraints could determine strategic 
outcomes. Conversely, the Allied advantage was 
underpinned by access to abundant oil resources, 
particularly from the United States, which functioned 
as an energy superpower.
Beyond immediate military outcomes, the wars also 
reshaped the global energy architecture. The post-war 
order was built around securing stable energy ﬂows,  
particularly oil, through geopolitical alliances, 
institutional frameworks and strategic interventions. 
Energy was no longer treated as a commodity alone 
but as a critical instrument of statecraft. This marked 
the beginning of a systemic shift where energy policy 
became deeply intertwined with foreign policy and 
global governance.
The industrial scale of warfare also accelerated 
technological advancements in energy extraction, 
reﬁning, and distribution. These innovations extended 
beyond the military domain, laying the foundation for 
post-war economic expansion. Energy systems 
became more centralised, more capital-intensive and 
more globally integrated. This shift enabled rapid 
industrialisation but also introduced new forms of 
dependency and vulnerability.
In retrospect, the World Wars can be understood as 
inﬂection points in the relationship between energy 
and power. They demonstrated that control over  
energy resources was not merely advantageous but 
essential. The ability to sustain high-density energy 
ﬂows determined not only the capacity to wage war, 
but also the ability to shape the post-war global order.
Thus, energy emerged from the shadows of economic 
discourse to occupy a central position in strategic 
thinking. It was no longer an invisible enabler but a 
deﬁning force in the architecture of global power.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 03
[page 24]
particularly the Middle East introduced a new 
dimension of strategic dependency. Western 
economies became structurally reliant on external 
sources of energy, necessitating long-term political, 
economic and military engagement in these regions. 
This gave rise to a complex web of alliances, 
interventions and institutional arrangements designed 
to ensure uninterrupted oil supply.
The formation of multinational oil companies, often 
referred to as the “Seven Sisters, ” that dominated the 
global petroleum industry from the 1940s to the 1970s, 
establishing an oligopoly that controlled nearly 85% of 
worldwide petroleum resources outside of the USA and 
USSR, further entrenched the global oil order. These 
corporations operated at the intersection of state and 
market, controlling exploration, production, reﬁning and 
distribution across continents. They played a pivotal role 
in stabilising supply but also concentrated power within 
a limited set of actors, shaping pricing mechanisms and 
access.
Oil & the Making of Global Order
If the World Wars revealed the importance of energy, 
the post-war era institutionalised it speciﬁcally 
through oil. Oil did not merely replace coal as the 
dominant energy source; it restructured the global 
economic and geopolitical order. Its high energy 
density, transportability and versatility made it the 
cornerstone of industrial expansion, mobility and 
modern economic systems. The twentieth century, in 
many ways, can be characterised as the age of oil not 
just economically, but geopolitically.
The emergence of oil as a strategic resource 
coincided with the rise of the United States as a global 
power. With vast domestic reserves and advanced 
reﬁning capabilities, the U.S. positioned itself as both a 
producer and stabiliser of global oil markets. This dual 
role allowed it to shape international energy ﬂows and, 
by extension, global economic stability. Oil was not 
just traded; it was managed within a framework of 
geopolitical inﬂuence. Simultaneously, the 
concentration of oil reserves in speciﬁc geographies, 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 04
[page 25]
The oil-based global order also introduced systemic 
vulnerabilities. The concentration of supply in 
geopolitically sensitive regions, combined with the 
lack of viable substitutes, created a fragile 
equilibrium. Stability depended on a delicate balance 
of political relations, market dynamics and logistical 
coordination. Any disruption whether political, 
economic or environmental, had the potential to 
reverberate across the global system.
Ultimately, oil did more than fuel economies; it 
structured the global order. It determined alliances, 
inﬂuenced conﬂicts, shaped institutions and deﬁned 
the trajectory of economic development. The modern 
world, with its interconnected markets and industrial 
systems, was built on the foundation of oil.
Yet, embedded within this foundation were the seeds 
of future disruption, dependencies that would later be 
exposed, vulnerabilities that would be tested and 
assumptions of stability that would prove illusory.
Oil also enabled the expansion of globalisation. 
Cheap and abundant energy reduced transportation 
costs, facilitated international trade and supported 
the development of complex supply chains. 
Industrial production scaled rapidly, urbanisation 
accelerated and consumption patterns transformed. 
The global economy became deeply interconnected, 
with oil acting as the invisible thread binding 
disparate regions into a single system.
However, this system was inherently asymmetrical. 
While producing nations possessed resource 
wealth, consuming nations controlled technology, 
capital and markets. This imbalance created 
tensions that would later manifest in political and 
economic conﬂicts. Oil-producing countries began 
to recognise the strategic leverage embedded in 
their resources, leading to the formation of 
organisations such as OPEC, which sought to 
assert greater control over pricing and production.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 05
[page 26]
The apparent stability of the post-war oil order was 
decisively disrupted in the 1970s, when a series of 
geopolitical events exposed the structural fragility 
embedded within the global energy system. The oil 
shocks of 1973 and 1979 were not merely price 
events; they represented a systemic rupture that 
revealed the extent to which industrial economies had 
become dependent on a concentrated and politically 
sensitive resource base. For the ﬁrst time, energy 
dependency translated directly into economic 
instability on a global scale.
The 1973 oil embargo, initiated by Arab members of 
OPEC in response to geopolitical tensions, 
demonstrated the strategic leverage of 
energy-producing nations. By restricting supply, these 
countries were able to trigger a sharp increase in oil 
prices, leading to inflationary pressures, economic 
slowdown and widespread disruption across 
industrial economies. The event fundamentally altered 
the perception of energy from a stable input to a 
volatile strategic variable.
The second shock in 1979, driven by the Iranian 
Revolution, reinforced this vulnerability. Once again, 
supply disruptions translated into economic instability, 
highlighting the systemic risks associated with 
over-reliance on a single energy source. These events 
collectively dismantled the illusion of energy 
abundance and forced a reassessment of national 
energy strategies across the world.
The macroeconomic consequences were profound. 
Oil-importing countries experienced stagflation, a rare 
combination of stagnant growth and high inflation, 
which challenged conventional economic policy 
frameworks. Energy costs permeated every sector, 
from manufacturing to transportation, 
The Oil Shocks & Structural Vulnerability
amplifying their impact across the economy. The 
shocks revealed that energy was not just another 
commodity; it was a foundational input whose 
volatility could destabilise entire economic systems. 
In response, countries began to prioritise energy 
security as a central policy objective. Strategic 
petroleum reserves were established, diversification 
of energy sources was encouraged and investments in 
alternative energy technologies were initiated. These 
measures were not merely reactive; they represented 
the beginning of a more strategic approach to energy 
management, recognising its critical role in economic 
stability.
At a structural level, the oil shocks exposed the risks of 
centralisation within the global energy system. The 
concentration of supply in specific regions, combined 
with limited substitution options, created a system 
that was efficient under stable conditions but highly 
vulnerable to disruption. This realisation led to a 
gradual shift towards diversification, both 
geographically and technologically.
However, while the immediate response to the oil 
shocks was significant, the deeper structural 
dependencies remained largely intact. Oil continued to 
dominate the global energy mix, and the underlying 
vulnerabilities persisted. The system adapted, but it 
did not fundamentally transform.
In retrospect, the oil shocks can be understood as 
early warning signals of a system that was inherently 
unstable. They marked the transition from perceived 
stability to acknowledged vulnerability, setting the 
stage for future disruptions in an increasingly 
interconnected world.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 06
[page 27]
The late 20th century witnessed the rapid expansion 
of globalisation, a process that reshaped economic 
systems through the integration of markets, supply 
chains and capital ﬂows. Enabled by technological 
advancements and supported by liberal economic 
policies, globalisation created an environment of 
unprecedented economic growth and 
interconnectedness. At its core, however, this 
expansion was underpinned by a critical assumption: 
the availability of stable and affordable energy.
Oil, in particular, played a central role in enabling 
globalisation. Its high energy density and ease of 
transport reduced logistical costs, facilitating the 
movement of goods across continents. This enabled 
the development of complex global supply chains, in 
which production processes were fragmented and 
distributed across multiple geographies. Eﬃciency 
became the deﬁning principle, with cost optimisation 
driving decisions at every stage of production.
This system created the appearance of stability. 
Supply chains functioned seamlessly, markets 
operated eﬃciently and energy ﬂows appeared 
reliable. Institutions, ﬁnancial instruments and 
technological systems collectively contributed to a 
sense of predictability and control. However, this 
stability was largely illusory. The globalised system 
was built on layers of interdependence, where 
disruptions in one part of the network could rapidly 
affect the entire system. Energy, as the foundational 
input, remained a critical point of vulnerability despite 
improvements in eﬃciency.
Globalisation & the Illusion of Stability
The pursuit of eﬃciency also led to the erosion of 
redundancy. Just-in-time production systems 
minimise inventory costs but reduce the ability to 
absorb shocks. Supply chains became optimised for 
cost rather than resilience, creating a system that was 
highly eﬃcient under normal conditions but fragile in 
the face of disruption. Energy systems mirrored this 
pattern, with limited buffers and increasing reliance on 
continuous ﬂows.
Moreover, globalisation masked geopolitical risks 
rather than eliminating them. The integration of 
economies created mutual dependencies, but it did 
not resolve underlying political tensions. Energy ﬂows 
continued to pass through geopolitically sensitive 
regions and any disruption carried systemic 
implications. The ﬁnancialisation of energy markets 
added further complexity, with oil prices increasingly 
inﬂuenced by speculation, currency movements and 
broader macroeconomic factors.
Events in the early 21st century, ranging from ﬁnancial 
crises to geopolitical conﬂicts, began to expose these 
underlying vulnerabilities. The assumption of stability 
was gradually replaced by an awareness of systemic 
risk. The globalised energy system, while eﬃcient, was 
not inherently resilient.
In essence, globalisation did not eliminate 
vulnerability; it transformed its nature. It created a 
system that was deeply interconnected, highly 
eﬃcient and seemingly stable, yet structurally fragile. 
The illusion of stability persisted until external shocks 
revealed the system's true nature.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 07
[page 28]
The early decades of the twenty-ﬁrst century have 
marked a decisive return of geopolitics as a central 
force shaping global energy systems. The relative 
stability of the post-Cold War era, characterised by 
economic integration and institutional cooperation, 
has given way to a more fragmented and contested 
global landscape. Energy, once again, has emerged at 
the centre of geopolitical strategy.
The conﬂict involving Russia–Ukraine War represents 
a critical inﬂection point in this transition. Beyond its 
immediate humanitarian and political implications, the 
conﬂict has fundamentally disrupted global energy 
ﬂows. Europe’s dependence on Russian natural gas, 
once considered a stable arrangement, was suddenly 
exposed as a strategic vulnerability.
The weaponisation of energy supply became a 
deﬁning feature of this period. Energy exports were no 
longer treated purely as economic transactions but as 
instruments of political leverage. Supply disruptions, 
price volatility, and strategic realignments reshaped 
global energy markets, forcing countries to reassess 
their dependencies and priorities.
The response from European nations was swift but 
complex. Efforts to diversify energy sources, accelerate 
renewable adoption and reduce reliance on Russian 
supplies highlighted the challenges of transitioning 
away from entrenched systems. Infrastructure 
constraints, cost implications, and time lags 
underscored the diﬃculty of achieving rapid energy 
independence.
At a broader level, the conﬂict signalled the 
fragmentation of the global order.  Energy markets, once 
integrated, began to exhibit  signs of  regionalisation. 
The Return of Geopolitics (Russia–Ukraine, Fragmentation)
Trade ﬂows were reoriented, alliances redeﬁned, and 
new supply chains established. The concept of a 
uniﬁed global energy market gave way to a more 
fragmented and politically inﬂuenced system.
This fragmentation extended beyond Europe. 
Countries across Asia, Africa and the Americas were 
affected by price volatility and supply disruptions. 
Energy security became a universal concern, 
transcending regional boundaries. The interconnected 
nature of the global system meant that localised 
conﬂicts had far-reaching consequences.
The return of geopolitics also reintroduced uncertainty 
into long-term planning. Energy investments, 
infrastructure development,
‘
and policy decisions became subject to geopolitical 
considerations. Risk assessment frameworks had to 
incorporate variables that were previously considered 
peripheral, such as political alignment and strategic 
alliances.
In this context, energy systems are no longer deﬁned 
solely by economic eﬃciency. They are shaped by 
strategic considerations, resilience and national 
priorities. The balance between cost, security, and 
sustainability has become more complex, requiring a 
multidimensional approach to energy policy.
Ultimately, the return of geopolitics has reaﬃrmed a 
fundamental reality: energy systems cannot be 
divorced from political context. The assumption that 
markets alone can ensure stability has been 
challenged. Instead, energy has re-emerged as a 
central axis of geopolitical competition, inﬂuencing 
the structure and trajectory of the global order.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 08
[page 29]
The cumulative impact of oil shocks, ﬁnancial crises, 
geopolitical conﬂicts and systemic interdependencies 
has given rise to a new operating reality for global 
systems: Volatility, Uncertainty, Complexity and 
Ambiguity (VUCA). What was once episodic instability 
has become structural. The global energy system, in 
particular, has shifted from a predictable equilibrium to 
continuous ﬂux.
Volatility now extends beyond price movements to 
supply chains, geopolitical alignments and technological 
transitions. Energy markets can change rapidly due to 
geopolitical tensions, climate events, or policy shifts, 
making long-term planning increasingly diﬃcult.
Uncertainty has deepened as technological innovation, 
decarbonisation policies and geopolitical realignments 
create multiple possible futures. Energy systems are 
being reshaped simultaneously by market forces, 
regulatory interventions and environmental imperatives, 
reducing the reliability of traditional forecasting models.
Complexity stems from the interconnected nature of 
modern energy systems. Global supply chains, 
ﬁnancial markets and technological networks create 
intricate dependencies where decisions in one domain 
can produce far-reaching consequences in another. 
This interconnectedness ampliﬁes both opportunities 
and risks.
Enter VUCA: A Permanent State
Ambiguity further complicates decision-making. 
Signals are often conﬂicting or incomplete, making 
it diﬃcult to distinguish short-term ﬂuctuations 
from long-term structural changes. The 
coexistence of fossil fuel demand growth alongside 
rapid renewable adoption exempliﬁes this 
challenge.
In such an environment, strategies based on 
stability and predictability are no longer suﬃcient. 
Resilience, adaptability and strategic ﬂexibility 
become essential. Energy systems must be 
designed not only for eﬃciency but also for 
robustness and the ability to absorb shocks.
VUCA also redeﬁnes risk. Rather than an external 
factor to be mitigated, risk becomes an inherent 
feature of the system. Managing energy systems, 
therefore, requires a shift from risk avoidance to risk 
navigation, with uncertainty embedded into 
decision-making frameworks.
For nations, this means prioritising energy security, 
diversiﬁcation and domestic capacity-building. The 
focus shifts from optimisation to greater control over 
critical energy ﬂows. Ultimately, VUCA is not a 
temporary phase but a permanent condition, requiring 
a fundamental rethinking of how energy systems are 
designed, managed and governed.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 09
[page 30]
In an increasingly fragmented and multipolar world, 
India occupies a uniquely strategic position. Unlike 
many nations aligned with a single geopolitical bloc, 
India has pursued a policy of strategic autonomy, 
enabling it to engage with multiple global powers 
simultaneously. This approach has become 
particularly signiﬁcant in the context of energy 
security, where geopolitical dynamics increasingly 
shape access to critical resources.
India’s relationships with the United States and Russia 
illustrate this balancing act. While strengthening 
cooperation with the United States across trade, 
technology and defence, India has also maintained 
longstanding ties with Russia, particularly in energy 
and defence. This pragmatic approach has allowed 
the country to diversify its energy sources and reduce 
reliance on any single supplier. The continued 
procurement of discounted Russian crude amid global 
tensions highlights the value of this strategic ﬂexibility.
However, maintaining such a position is becoming 
increasingly complex. Geopolitical rivalries, sanctions 
and shifting alliances mean that energy procurement 
is inﬂuenced not only by economics but also by 
diplomatic and strategic considerations. As energy 
security becomes more closely intertwined with 
foreign policy, India must carefully navigate  
India in a Fragmented World (U.S.–Russia Balance)
interests while safeguarding its national priorities. 
These challenges are ampliﬁed by India’s rapidly 
growing energy demand. As one of the world’s 
fastest-growing major economies, the country 
requires reliable, affordable and secure energy 
supplies to sustain its development trajectory. At the 
same time, increasingly regionalised and politically 
inﬂuenced energy markets make access to resources 
less predictable than in the past.
In response, India’s energy strategy must extend 
beyond securing imports. It requires diversiﬁcation of 
supply sources, investment in domestic energy 
capacity, strengthening of strategic reserves and 
accelerated development of renewable and alternative 
energy pathways. The objective is not merely to 
manage external dependencies but to progressively 
reduce them and enhance long-term resilience.
India’s strategic autonomy also positions it as a 
potential bridge between competing geopolitical 
blocs, enabling cooperation in areas such as energy 
transition, technology exchange and infrastructure 
development. As the global order becomes more 
multipolar, India’s ability to maintain this balance will 
be critical in securing its energy future while 
preserving strategic ﬂexibility.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 10
[page 31]
India’s economic growth trajectory is intrinsically 
linked to its energy consumption patterns. As 
industrial activity expands, urbanisation accelerates, 
and living standards improve, the demand for energy 
increases correspondingly. However, this growth is 
accompanied by a structural challenge: a high degree 
of dependence on imported energy resources, 
particularly crude oil.
India imports a signiﬁcant proportion of its crude oil 
requirements, making it one of the largest energy 
importers globally. This dependence exposes the 
economy to external shocks, including price volatility, 
supply disruptions, and currency ﬂuctuations. Energy 
imports constitute a substantial portion of the 
country’s trade deﬁcit, linking energy security directly 
to macroeconomic stability.
The implications of this dependence extend beyond 
economics. Energy imports are denominated in 
foreign currency, primarily the U.S. dollar, creating 
exposure to exchange rate movements. Fluctuations 
in global oil prices can have cascading effects on 
inﬂation, ﬁscal balances and overall economic growth. 
This creates a feedback loop where external energy 
dynamics inﬂuence domestic economic conditions.
At a structural level, dependence on imported fossil 
fuels limits strategic autonomy.  In a geopolitically 
India’s Energy Dependence Problem 
fragmented world, access to energy resources can be 
inﬂuenced by political considerations, trade 
restrictions and diplomatic relations. This introduces 
an element of uncertainty into energy planning, 
complicating long-term policy formulation.
India’s energy mix also reﬂects historical patterns of 
development. Fossil fuels, particularly coal and oil, 
continue to dominate the energy landscape, driven by 
their availability, cost-effectiveness and established 
infrastructure. While renewable energy capacity has 
expanded rapidly, it has not yet reached a scale 
suﬃcient to offset the reliance on traditional energy 
sources.
The challenge is further compounded by the scale of 
India’s energy demand. Unlike smaller economies, 
where transitions can be managed more 
incrementally, India must address its energy needs at a 
massive scale. This requires solutions that are not 
only sustainable but also scalable, reliable, and 
economically viable.
Efforts to reduce dependence have been initiated 
through policies promoting renewable energy, energy 
eﬃciency, and domestic resource development. 
However, these measures must contend with existing 
infrastructure, technological limitations and ﬁnancial 
constraints. The transition is therefore gradual, 
requiring sustained policy commitment and 
investment.
A critical aspect of addressing this dependence lies in 
diversifying the energy base. This includes not only 
expanding renewable energy but also exploring 
alternative fuels such as bioenergy, which can be 
produced domestically. Such approaches align with 
the broader objective of enhancing energy security 
while supporting economic and environmental goals.
Ultimately, India’s energy dependence problem is not 
merely a sectoral issue; it is a strategic challenge with 
wide-ranging implications. Addressing it requires a 
holistic approach that integrates economic policy, 
technological innovation, and geopolitical strategy. 
The goal is not just to secure energy supply, but to 
build a system that is resilient, self-reliant, and aligned 
with the country’s long-term development objectives.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 11
[page 32]
The convergence of rising energy demand, 
geopolitical fragmentation, and structural 
vulnerabilities has compelled India to undertake a 
deliberate and multidimensional strategic shift in its 
energy approach. This shift is not merely reactive to 
external pressures; it reﬂects a deeper recognition that 
energy security must be embedded within the broader 
framework of national development and sovereignty.
Historically, energy policy in India has been guided by 
the imperative of ensuring access and affordability. 
While these objectives remain critical, the emerging 
context necessitates a more expansive approach one 
that integrates security, sustainability and 
self-reliance. Energy is no longer viewed solely as an 
economic input but as a strategic asset that underpins 
national resilience.
Policy interventions over the past decade indicate a 
clear intent to diversify the energy base. Initiatives 
promoting renewable energy, ethanol blending, 
compressed biogas, and green hydrogen represent a 
conscious effort to reduce dependence on imported 
fossil fuels. These measures are not isolated 
programs but components of a broader transition 
strategy aimed at reshaping the energy ecosystem.
The emphasis on domestic capacity-building is 
particularly signiﬁcant. By incentivising local 
production of alternative fuels and supporting 
technological innovation, India seeks to internalise 
critical segments of the energy value chain. This 
reduces exposure to external shocks while 
simultaneously generating economic opportunities 
within the country. 
The Strategic Shift (Policy + Intent)
Institutional alignment has also played a key role in 
this shift. Policy frameworks are increasingly 
coordinated across ministries and sectors, reﬂecting 
the interconnected nature of energy systems. 
Regulatory reforms, ﬁscal incentives, and 
public-private partnerships have been leveraged to 
accelerate implementation and scale.
At the same time, the strategic shift acknowledges 
the transitional nature of the current energy 
landscape. Fossil fuels will continue to play a role in 
the near term, necessitating a balanced approach 
that ensures continuity while enabling 
transformation. The focus, therefore, is on creating 
a diversiﬁed and ﬂexible energy mix that can adapt 
to evolving conditions.
The integration of environmental considerations 
further strengthens this approach. India’s 
commitments towards reducing emissions and 
promoting sustainable development align with 
global climate objectives, but they are also driven by 
domestic imperatives such as air quality and 
resource eﬃciency. This alignment enhances the 
coherence of energy policy.
Crucially, the strategic shift is underpinned by intent 
and acknowledgment that incremental change is 
insuﬃcient in a VUCA world. What is required is a 
structural transformation that redeﬁnes how energy 
is produced, distributed and consumed. This 
transformation is not just about transitioning 
between energy sources; it is about reconﬁguring 
the system to ensure long-term resilience and 
control.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 12
[page 33]
The decentralised nature of bioenergy production is 
another critical advantage. Unlike conventional energy 
systems that rely on centralised infrastructure and 
long-distance transportation, bioenergy can be 
produced closer to the point of consumption. This 
reduces logistical costs, enhances energy access in 
rural areas and improves system resilience.
Biofuels such as ethanol and compressed biogas offer 
scalable alternatives to traditional fossil fuels. Their 
integration into existing energy systems through 
blending mandates and distribution networks allows 
for a gradual yet effective transition. This compatibility 
with existing infrastructure reduces the barriers to 
adoption and accelerates implementation.
From an economic perspective, bioenergy creates new 
value chains within the rural economy. Farmers, 
aggregators, processors and distributors become 
active participants in the energy ecosystem. 
This not only diversiﬁes income sources but also 
strengthens rural livelihoods, contributing to broader 
socio-economic development.
The environmental beneﬁts of bioenergy further 
reinforce its strategic relevance. By utilising renewable 
feedstocks and reducing reliance on fossil fuels, 
Within India’s evolving energy strategy, bioenergy 
emerges as a particularly compelling solution not as a 
supplementary option, but as a structural response to 
the country’s unique challenges. Unlike many other 
energy sources, bioenergy aligns simultaneously with 
multiple national priorities: energy security, rural 
development, environmental sustainability and 
economic inclusivity.
At its core, bioenergy leverages India’s agrarian base. 
Agricultural residues, which have traditionally been 
underutilised or treated as waste, are transformed into 
valuable energy resources. This not only creates a 
domestic energy source but also addresses 
environmental concerns such as stubble burning, 
which has signiﬁcant air quality implications.
Bioenergy as India’s Structural AnswerBioenergy as India’s Structural Answer
bioenergy contributes to lower greenhouse gas 
emissions. It also supports circular economy 
principles, where waste is repurposed into 
productive use, enhancing resource eﬃciency.
Importantly, bioenergy addresses one of the 
fundamental limitations of renewable energy 
sources such as solar and wind: intermittency. 
Biofuels can be stored, transported and used on 
demand, providing a stable and reliable energy 
source. This makes them a critical component of a 
balanced energy mix, complementing other 
renewable technologies.
However, the potential of bioenergy extends beyond 
immediate applications. Advances in technology are 
enabling the production of next-generation biofuels, 
including sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) and 
bio-based chemicals. These developments position 
bioenergy as a long-term solution with the capacity 
to evolve alongside technological progress.
In essence, bioenergy represents more than an 
alternative; it represents a reimagining of the energy 
system. It transforms agriculture into an energy 
resource, decentralises production, and aligns 
economic growth with sustainability. For India, this 
makes bioenergy not just viable, but essential.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 13
[page 34]
Within this broader transformation, TruAlt Bioenergy 
occupies a strategically signiﬁcant position. Its role is 
not conﬁned to production; it extends to shaping the 
very architecture of India’s emerging bioenergy 
ecosystem. By integrating multiple dimensions of the 
value chain, TruAlt contributes to building a model of 
energy sovereignty that is both scalable and 
sustainable.
TruAlt’s approach is characterised by diversiﬁcation 
across bioenergy segments, including ethanol, 
compressed biogas, Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) 
and bio-based chemicals. This multi-pronged strategy 
reﬂects an understanding that energy systems must 
be resilient and adaptable, capable of responding to 
changing market dynamics and policy environments.
A deﬁning feature of TruAlt’s model is its deep 
integration with the agricultural sector. By sourcing 
feedstock from farmers and creating structured 
supply chains, the company establishes a direct link 
between rural economies and the energy industry. This 
integration not only ensures feedstock availability, but 
also generates inclusive growth, aligning business 
objectives with national priorities.
The emphasis on scale is equally critical. India’s 
energy challenges are vast, and solutions must be 
capable of operating at a comparable scale. TruAlt’s 
investments in large-scale production facilities and 
infrastructure demonstrate a commitment to meeting 
this challenge, moving beyond pilot projects to 
industrial-scale implementation.
Innovation plays a central role in TruAlt’s strategy. 
TruAlt’s Role in Building Energy SovereigntyTruAlt’s Role in Building Energy Sovereignty
By adopting advanced technologies and exploring 
next-generation biofuels, the company positions itself 
at the forefront of the energy transition. This 
forward-looking approach ensures that it remains 
relevant as the energy landscape evolves.
TruAlt also contributes to the development of market 
ecosystems. Through partnerships, collaborations, 
and engagement with policymakers, it helps create the 
conditions necessary for the growth of the bioenergy 
sector. This includes facilitating regulatory 
frameworks, building distribution networks and 
promoting awareness.
From a strategic perspective, TruAlt’s role extends to 
reducing India’s dependence on imported energy. By 
producing fuels domestically, it directly contributes to 
energy security and economic stability. Each unit of 
biofuel produced represents a reduction in foreign 
exchange outﬂow and an increase in domestic value 
creation.
The company’s alignment with national initiatives 
further reinforces its relevance. By supporting 
programs such as ethanol blending and clean energy 
transitions, TruAlt integrates its operations within the 
broader policy framework, enhancing both impact and 
scalability.
Ultimately, TruAlt represents more than a corporate 
entity; it embodies a model of how private enterprise 
can contribute to national objectives. Its role in 
building energy sovereignty lies in its ability to 
integrate scale, sustainability, and inclusivity into a 
cohesive strategy.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 14
[page 35]
The re-emergence of geopolitics is not theoretical; it is 
being actively shaped by a series of cascading global 
crises that have redeﬁned the contours of energy 
security. The Russia–Ukraine War marked the ﬁrst 
major rupture, but it was only the beginning of a 
broader systemic shift. What followed was not a return 
to stability, but an acceleration into a more 
fragmented, conﬂict-prone global order where energy 
ﬂows have become deeply politicised.
The Russia–Ukraine conﬂict fundamentally altered 
global energy equations by disrupting one of the 
world’s most critical supply corridors. Europe’s 
structural dependence on Russian gas once 
considered economically rational was exposed as 
strategically fragile. The resulting scramble for 
alternative supplies triggered a global rebalancing of 
energy trade ﬂows, with LNG markets tightening, 
prices spiking, and developing economies facing 
disproportionate cost pressures. Energy, once 
governed by contracts and markets, began to be 
dictated by alliances and strategic compulsions.
This instability was further compounded by the 
outbreak of the Israel–Hamas War, which reintroduced 
volatility into the Middle East, a region that remains 
central to global oil supply. While the immediate 
disruption to oil ﬂows was limited, the conﬂict 
signiﬁcantly elevated geopolitical risk premiums. 
Markets began pricing not just supply and demand, 
but the probability of escalation. The Strait of Hormuz, 
through which nearly a ﬁfth of global oil passes, once 
again became a focal point of strategic vulnerability.
Simultaneously, the emergence of the Red Sea Crisis 
has disrupted global maritime trade routes, 
particularly through the Suez Canal—one of the most 
critical arteries for energy transportation. Attacks on 
commercial vessels have forced rerouting via longer, 
costlier paths around the Cape of Good Hope, 
increasing freight costs, delivery timelines, and 
insurance premiums. The implications extend beyond 
logistics; they reinforce a deeper structural reality that 
even global trade infrastructure is no longer insulated 
from geopolitical risk.
These overlapping crises have collectively 
dismantled the residual assumption of a stable, 
rules-based global order. Instead, what is emerging
The New Age of Disruption: Recent Geopolitical Crises & Energy Fragility
is a system characterised by strategic contestation, 
regionalisation of trade and weaponisation of 
interdependence. Energy is no longer just an 
economic commodity it is a geopolitical lever, a tool of 
inﬂuence and at times, a coercive instrument.
For emerging economies like India, the implications 
are profound. Price volatility is no longer cyclical, it is 
structural. Supply disruptions are no longer rare, they 
are recurring. Risk is no longer episodic, it is 
embedded within the system. The convergence of 
conﬂict zones across Eastern Europe, the Middle East 
and critical maritime routes has effectively 
compressed global risk into the energy ecosystem.
In this environment, energy strategy cannot remain 
reactive. It must evolve into a forward-looking 
framework that anticipates disruption rather than 
responds to it. The emphasis must shift from 
eﬃciency to resilience, from access to control, and 
from dependence to self-reliance.
The recent geopolitical crises, therefore, are not 
isolated events; they are signals of a deeper structural 
transformation. They underscore a singular, 
unavoidable truth: in a VUCA world, energy security is 
no longer about securing supply it is about securing 
sovereignty.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 15
[page 36]
As the global energy system continues to evolve, the 
narrative is shifting from transition to control. The 
initial phase of energy transition has been 
characterised by the exploration of alternatives and 
the gradual integration of renewable sources. 
However, in a VUCA world, the objective extends 
beyond transition; it is about establishing control over 
energy systems in a manner that ensures resilience, 
stability and strategic autonomy.
Control, in this context, does not imply isolation but the 
ability to manage dependencies effectively. It involves 
building domestic capabilities, diversifying energy 
sources and creating systems that can withstand 
external shocks. The focus is on reducing vulnerability 
while maintaining ﬂexibility.
For India, this transition to control is particularly 
signiﬁcant. As a rapidly growing economy with 
substantial energy needs, the country must ensure 
that its growth trajectory is not constrained by external 
dependencies. This requires a proactive approach that 
integrates policy, technology and industry.
The future energy system is likely to be more 
decentralised, diversiﬁed and technologically 
advanced. Digitalisation, advanced analytics and 
smart infrastructure will play a key role in managing 
energy ﬂows and optimising performance. At the 
same time, traditional considerations such as 
resource availability and geopolitical dynamics will 
continue to inﬂuence outcomes.
Bioenergy, within this framework, emerges as a 
critical pillar. Its ability to provide reliable, scalable and
The Future: From Transition to Control
domestically produced energy positions it as a 
cornerstone of India’s strategy. As technologies 
evolve, the scope of bioenergy will expand, 
encompassing new applications and markets.
The role of industry will be central to this 
transformation. Companies like TruAlt will not only 
produce energy but also shape the systems through 
which it is delivered and consumed. Their ability to 
innovate, scale and integrate will determine the pace 
and effectiveness of the transition.
At a broader level, the shift towards control reﬂects a 
redeﬁnition of development itself. Economic growth is 
no longer measured solely by output but by the 
resilience and sustainability of the systems that 
support it. Energy, as a foundational input, becomes a 
key determinant of this new paradigm.
The interplay between national priorities and global 
dynamics will continue to shape the trajectory of 
energy systems. While global cooperation remains 
important, the emphasis on self-reliance and strategic 
autonomy is likely to intensify. Countries will seek to 
secure their energy futures within an increasingly 
uncertain environment.
In conclusion, the future of energy is not deﬁned by a 
single pathway but by the ability to navigate 
complexity. For India, the journey from transition to 
control represents an opportunity to redeﬁne its 
position in the global energy order moving from 
dependence to leadership, from vulnerability to 
resilience and from participation to inﬂuence.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 16
[page 37]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 17
[page 38]
 
 
 
 
 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 18
COMPANY
OVERVIEW
[page 39]
Company Overview
UNIT 3
UNIT 4
UNIT 5
UNIT 1
UNIT 2
Major International Airport
4  Airports
 
 
Major Port
5 Ports
Retail Outlets
7 Outlets Operational
4 under Construction
CBG Units
1 Plant Operational
4 Plants under Construction
1G Ethanol Distilleries
5 Units  
SAF
Proposed to set up 
100 million litres/annum plant
One of India’s largest
biofuels players.
India’s only dedicated 
biofuels company, 
combining agricultural strength with 
industrial scale to deliver diversified 
bioenergy solutions.
One of the first 
producers of CBG
under the Sustainable Alternative 
Towards Affordable Transportation 
(“SATAT”) scheme  introduced by the 
Government of India in 2018.
  
Largest Ethanol producer
in India based on 
installed capacity
Oil Marketing Company (OMC)
The first biofuels company in the country to 
attain Oil Marketing Company (OMC) status, 
establishing a new benchmark for end-to-end 
participation in India’s energy transition.
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF)
One of the early movers in Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel projects, positioned to 
establish one of the largest SAF 
facilities in the country.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 19
[page 40]
Product Portfolio
CURRENT PRODUCTS
PROPOSED PRODUCTS
COMPRESSED BIOGAS (CBG)
FIRST-GENERATION (1G ) ETHANOL 
 EXTRA NEUTRAL ALCOHOL (ENA)
FERMENTED ORGANIC MANURE
CO2 BIOFUEL DISPENSING STATIONS
MOTOR SPIRIT (MS) & HSD
(HIGH-SPEED DIESEL) 
LIQUID FERMENTED 
ORGANIC MANURE (LFOM)
SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL (SAF) 
FUTURE FUELS & HIGH VALUE BY-PRODUCTS 
DRIED DISTILLERS GRAINS 
WITH SOLUBLES (DDGS)
SECOND-GENERATION (2G ) ETHANOL 
MEVALONOLACTONE/MEVALONIC ACID
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 20
[page 41]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 21
India’s largest multi-feed & year-round Ethanol platform
 2000 KLPD | 1300 KLPD Dual Feed
5 units -
UNIT 5
Badami, Karnataka
200 KLPD
5
UNIT 4
Kerakalmatti, Karnataka
Dual Feed Integration - 300 KLPD
200 KLPD
4
 
 
Installed Capacities
UNIT 3
Khanapur, Karnataka
400 KLPD
3
Mudhol, Karnataka
Dual Feed Integration - 550 KLPD
700 KLPD
UNIT 11
UNIT 2
Jamkhandi, Karnataka
Dual Feed Integration - 450 KLPD
500 KLPD
2
 
UNIT 2
UNIT 1
UNIT 4
UNIT 5UNIT 3
Ethanol Manufacturing Capacities
[page 42]
Total
Capacity (in TPD)
10.20
20.00
20.00
20.00
72.00
162.2
Strategic Partner 
NA 
Sumitomo 
Corporation
Sumitomo 
Corporation
Gas Authority of 
India Limited.(GAIL)  
Sumitomo 
Corporation
Unit & Location 
Unit 1 
Jamkhandi, Karnataka 
Unit 2 
Mudhol, Karnataka 
Unit 3 
Kerakalmatti, Karnataka 
Unit 4 
Badami, Karnataka 
Unit 6 to 11 
Locations Identified in 
Karnataka & Maharashtra 
Leafiniti Bioenergy
TruAlt Gas Pvt. Ltd. 
TruAlt Gas Pvt. Ltd. 
TruAlt Gas Pvt. Ltd.
Leafiniti Bioenergy
Status 
Operational 
In construction phase, 
expected to be operational 
by the end of Q2 FY 27. 
In construction phase, 
expected to be operational 
by the end of Q3 FY 27.
In construction phase, 
expected to be operational 
by the end of Q3 FY 27.
20.00 Sumitomo 
Corporation
Unit 5 
Daund, Maharashtra TruAlt Gas Pvt. Ltd.
In construction phase, 
expected to be operational 
by the end of Q4 FY 27.
Lands for six units have 
been jointly identified.
Company 
Compressed BioGas (CBG) Manufacturing Facilities
 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 22
[page 43]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 23
Mudhol (Bagalkot, Karnataka)
Kedarnath (Bagalkot, Karnataka)
Visuals of CBG Units under Construction
Badami (Bagalkot, Karnataka)

[page 44]
Retail Fuel Segment
 
▪ 7 outlets currently operational; 4 additional stations set to launch by in the coming months. 
Network to reach 11 operational outlets across Karnataka under Phase 1 of the 100-outlet 
rollout.
Strengthens downstream presence and retail reach.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 24
[page 45]
Retail Visual Identity
 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 25

[page 46]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 26
CORPORATE 
INFORMATION &
MESSAGES
FROM THE MANAGEMENT
[page 47]
CORPORATE INFORMATION
Mr. Yagati Badarinarayana Ramakrishna 
Mr. Chandrasekhar Kanekal 
Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi   
Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani
Mr. Vishal Nirani
Mrs. Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani                      
Mr. Anand Murugan Jakkampati Durairaj                            
Mr. Anand Kishore
Mr. Monu Kumar
Unit No. N-1501, 15th Floor, World Trade Centre, 
Brigade Gateway Campus, 
Rajajinagar, Bangalore, Karnataka, 
India - 560055
Chairman & Non-Executive Independent Director 
Non-Executive Independent Director
Non-Executive Independent Director
Managing Director 
Executive Director 
Non-Executive Director
Executive Director 
Chief Financial Oﬃcer 
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONS
CORPORATE OFFICE
Survey No. 166, Kulali Cross, 
Jamkhandi - Mudhol Road, 
Bagalkot, Karnataka
India - 587313
REGISTERED OFFICE
SECRETARIAL 
AUDITOR
M/s. N. M. Raiji & Co, 
Chartered Accountants
M/s. ZADN & 
Associates., 
Chartered Accountants
M/s. R. Nanabhoy & Co., 
Cost Accountants, 
M/s S. P . Ghali & Co.,
Company Secretaries.
INTERNAL
AUDITOR
STAUTORY
AUDITOR
COST
AUDITOR
OUR BANKERS
State Bank of India
Indian Renewable Energy
Development Agency Limited (IREDA)
Indian Overseas Bank
Canara Bank
The Federal Bank Limited 
Yes Bank Limited 
Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited 
REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENT
Bigshare Services Private Limited
Pinnacle Business Park, Oﬃce No S6-2, 
6th, Mahakali Caves Rd, next to Ahura Centre, 
Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400093
ISIN DEMAT CONNECTIVITY CIN
Equity
INEOMWH01014
CDSL
Central Depository Services (India) Limited
NSDL
National Securities Depository Limited
L15400KA2021PLC145978
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 27
[page 48]
Mr. Yagati Badarinarayana Ramakrishna 
Dear Valued Stakeholders,
The global energy landscape is undergoing one of the most signiﬁcant transformations 
of our time. Energy security, climate resilience and industrial competitiveness are no 
longer viewed as separate priorities, they are increasingly becoming part of the same 
strategic agenda. Nations across the world are rethinking their energy systems, accelerating investments in 
renewable fuels and strengthening domestic manufacturing capabilities to build resilient and sustainable 
economies.
Against this backdrop, India stands at a deﬁning moment. With abundant agricultural resources, progressive 
policy support and an expanding bioeconomy, the country has the opportunity to emerge as a global leader in 
renewable fuels and bio-based manufacturing. This transformation extends beyond reducing carbon 
emissions; it is about strengthening energy independence, creating rural prosperity, driving industrial 
innovation and building long-term economic resilience.
At TruAlt Bioenergy, we believe integrated bioreﬁneries will play a pivotal role in this transition. Our vision 
extends beyond producing renewable fuels. We are building an integrated platform capable of converting 
renewable biomass into clean fuels and value-added bio-based products. This long-term approach positions 
the Company to create enduring value while supporting India's aspiration of becoming a global leader in the 
bioeconomy.
Equally important is our commitment to strong governance. Sustainable businesses are built not only through 
sound ﬁnancial performance but also through ethical leadership, transparent governance and responsible 
decision-making. The Board remains committed to upholding the highest standards of corporate governance 
while ensuring that sustainable value creation remains central to every strategic decision.
As India advances towards a cleaner and more resilient energy future, companies such as ours have a 
responsibility that extends beyond business performance. We must continue to innovate responsibly, 
strengthen our relationships with farmers and communities, embrace technological advancements and build 
institutions that create value across generations.
On behalf of the Board, I extend my sincere gratitude to our shareholders for their continued trust, to our 
management and employees for their dedication, to our farmers, suppliers, customers, lenders and business 
partners for their constant support and to the communities around our operations whose partnership 
continues to inspire us. Together, we are building an institution that not only contributes to India's energy 
transition but also strengthens rural livelihoods, industrial competitiveness and sustainable development.
As we look ahead, I remain conﬁdent that TruAlt Bioenergy will continue to grow with purpose, lead with 
integrity and contribute meaningfully to India's emergence as a global bioenergy and biomanufacturing leader.
Warm Regards, 
Yagati Badarinarayana Ramakrishna 
Chairman & Non-Executive Independent Director 
STATEMENT FROM CHAIRMAN 
AND NON-EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
STATEMENT FROM CHAIRMAN 
AND NON-EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 28
[page 49]
FY2025–26 marked a deﬁning milestone for TruAlt 
Bioenergy Limited. Following our listing in October 
2025, we entered a new phase of growth as biofuels 
assumed a central role in the global energy transition. 
Becoming a public company reinforced our 
commitment to strong governance, disciplined capital 
allocation, accountability and sustainable long-term 
value creation.
From our origins as an extension of traditional sugar 
business, we have evolved into an integrated clean 
energy platform. Today, we are building a diversiﬁed 
bioenergy ecosystem spanning agriculture, 
technology, clean fuels and downstream distribution, 
supporting India's transition towards a secure and 
sustainable energy future.
  Ethanol Segment
While the long-term outlook for India's ethanol industry 
remains strong, procurement during the Ethanol 
Supply Year (November–October) fell short of 
expectations, resulting in lower industry-wide capacity 
utilisation despite adequate feedstock availability. We 
believe these are short-term challenges. Supported by 
the successful rollout of E20, evolving policies on 
higher ethanol blends, expanding industrial and 
aviation applications and continued regulatory 
support, India's biofuel growth story remains ﬁrmly on 
track.
For TruAlt, FY2025–26 was a year of strategic 
transformation. We commissioned approximately 
1,300 KLPD of grain-based dual-feed capacity, 
converting nearly 65% of our installed ethanol 
capacity into a ﬂexible dual-feed platform. This 
investment enhances feedstock ﬂexibility, enables 
near year-round operations and strengthens long-term 
resilience. Although the transition involved planned 
shutdowns and temporarily moderated production, we 
concluded the year with all ﬁve ethanol plants 
operational, utilisation exceeding 95% on operating 
days and the capability to produce 5.5–6 crore litres 
of ethanol per month.
The commissioning schedule resulted in certain 
contracted ethanol quantities remaining unfulﬁlled 
during the year. To protect the Company's interests, we 
secured judicial relief from the Hon'ble Karnataka High 
Court covering approximately 15 crore litres of ethanol 
allocation. While execution extends beyond the 
ﬁnancial year, we remain conﬁdent these volumes will 
support our operational recovery and future growth.
MESSAGE FROM THE MANAGING DIRECTOR
Mr. Vijay Nirani 
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board and the management team, I 
extend my sincere gratitude to all our stakeholders 
for their continued trust in TruAlt Bioenergy. Your 
conﬁdence and support have been the foundation of 
our progress and it is my privilege to present our 
Annual Report for FY2025–26.
As we reﬂect on FY2025–26, one reality is 
unmistakable: the global energy paradigm is 
undergoing a profound transformation. Successive 
oil shocks, geopolitical conﬂicts, supply chain 
disruptions and an increasingly uncertain global 
order have exposed the vulnerabilities of excessive 
dependence on imported fossil fuels. At the same 
time, the accelerating transition to a low-carbon 
economy has elevated energy security from an 
economic consideration to a strategic national 
priority. 
India has responded with remarkable clarity and 
strategic foresight through a series of landmark 
policy and regulatory reforms that have accelerated 
the country's energy transition. The rollout of E20 
petrol, the introduction of BIS standards for higher 
ethanol blends (E22, E25, E27 and E30), enabling 
regulations for vehicles up to E100, the extension of 
the Synchronisation Scheme for Compressed Biogas 
(CBG) until 2047, the recognition of Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel (SAF) within Aviation Turbine Fuel 
speciﬁcations and continued policy support for 
alternative fuels collectively reﬂect the Government's 
commitment to accelerating India's energy transition.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 29
[page 50]
   CBG Segment
Beyond ethanol, we have continued to strengthen 
our integrated clean energy platform through 
meaningful progress in Compressed Biogas (CBG). 
During the year, our strategic joint ventures with 
GAIL (India) Limited through Leaﬁniti Bioenergy 
and Sumitomo Corporation through TruAlt Gas 
Private Limited achieved signiﬁcant milestones 
with the successful completion of partner equity 
participation. 
Construction is underway for 4 CBG plants under 
TruAlt Gas, with 6 additional plants under Leaﬁniti 
Bioenergy progressing towards construction. By 
converting agricultural residues into renewable 
energy, CBG supports energy security, waste 
management, import substitution and rural 
development. Backed by global partnerships and 
strong execution capabilities, TruAlt is well 
positioned to capitalise on India's growing 
waste-to-energy opportunity.
  Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) Segment
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) represents one of 
the most signiﬁcant long-term opportunities in the 
global energy transition. As aviation accelerates its 
decarbonisation journey, India is well positioned to 
emerge as a competitive SAF producer, supported 
by abundant agricultural feedstocks, expanding 
reﬁning infrastructure and a favourable policy 
environment. 
Aligned with this opportunity, we continued to 
advance our proposed 100 million litres per annum 
SAF project at Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh, 
progressing towards the Front-End Engineering 
Design (FEED) stage with Honeywell UOP while 
advancing statutory approvals and engaging with 
the Government of Andhra Pradesh.
A major milestone during the year was the sanction 
of a ₹150 crore grant under the PM JI-VAN Yojana 
by the Centre for High Technology (CHT), Ministry 
of Petroleum & Natural Gas, enhancing the project's 
commercial viability. Subject to regulatory 
approvals and ﬁnancial closure, the project is 
expected to be commissioned within 24–30 
months, positioning TruAlt to participate in the 
rapidly growing global SAF market.
   Retail Fuel Network Vertical
Our downstream fuel retail business also continued to 
evolve during the year. We currently have 7 outlets fully 
operational. Operating within a competitive and 
dynamic market environment, we adopted a measured 
approach towards network expansion, prioritising 
quality locations, disciplined capital allocation and 
sustainable unit economics over rapid scaling. We 
believe this balanced strategy will create stronger 
long-term value while strengthening our direct 
interface with end consumers and expanding 
participation across the energy value chain.
As a listed company, we remain committed to strong 
governance, transparency and disciplined capital 
allocation. During the year, we continued our voluntary 
BRSR reporting and completed Life Cycle 
Assessment (LCA) studies to validate the carbon 
intensity and greenhouse gas reduction potential of 
our biofuels, strengthening our alignment with global 
sustainability standards.
The opportunities ahead are signiﬁcant. 
Strengthening policy support, evolving technologies 
and the growing strategic importance of indigenous 
renewable fuels reinforce our conﬁdence in India's 
bioenergy future. TruAlt Bioenergy is committed to 
being at the forefront of that transformation creating 
enduring value for our stakeholders while contributing 
meaningfully to India's clean energy future and energy 
independence.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire 
management team, I extend my sincere gratitude to 
our shareholders for their continued trust and 
conﬁdence. To our customers, partners, vendors, 
lenders and suppliers, thank you for walking this 
journey alongside us. And to every member of the 
TruAlt family, thank you for your passion, resilience 
and commitment  to excellence. Together, you have 
built more than a company! 
As we enter the next phase of our journey, we believe 
the coming decade will redeﬁne how nations produce, 
consume and secure energy. The journey ahead is 
ambitious, but with your continued trust and 
partnership, I believe our best years are still ahead of 
us.
Warm regards,
Vijay Nirani
Managing Director
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 30
[page 51]
One of the most signiﬁcant developments during the year was the successful transition of our manufacturing 
facilities to an integrated dual-feed conﬁguration. This has substantially enhanced our operational ﬂexibility, 
enabling us to process multiple feedstocks eﬃciently while optimising plant utilisation, improving supply 
resilience and strengthening overall production economics. In an increasingly dynamic operating environment, 
feedstock ﬂexibility has become a strategic advantage rather than merely an operational capability.
Our priority throughout the year remained clear, to improve the performance of every manufacturing asset. We 
continued to focus on increasing plant utilisation, improving process eﬃciencies, strengthening equipment 
reliability and enhancing recovery across all our facilities. 
As our existing operations continue to mature, we are applying the same engineering discipline and execution 
capabilities to our future growth projects. Our ongoing investments in Compressed Biogas (CBG) and 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) reﬂect our long-term vision of developing an integrated bioreﬁnery capable of 
producing multiple renewable fuels and bio-based products from diversiﬁed feedstocks. Beyond operational 
expansions and improvements, we continue to invest in building technical capability across the organisation. 
Continuous learning, research and process innovation are essential to remaining competitive in a rapidly 
evolving bioeconomy. Our teams actively engage with global technology providers, research institutions, 
engineering partners and industry forums to benchmark best practices, evaluate emerging technologies and 
strengthen our understanding of advanced biofuels and bioreﬁning processes. We believe that sustained 
investment in knowledge and innovation will be as important as investment in physical assets in building a 
world-class integrated bioreﬁnery.
Looking ahead, the global transition towards low-carbon fuels will increasingly be shaped by technology, 
manufacturing eﬃciency and resilient supply chains. We believe integrated bioreﬁneries will play a deﬁning 
role in this transformation by maximising value from renewable feedstocks while contributing to energy 
security, decarbonisation and sustainable industrial development. TruAlt is well positioned to participate in 
this transition through its engineering capabilities, operational discipline and commitment to continuous 
technical improvement.
As we conclude our ﬁrst year as a listed company, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our 
shareholders for the trust and conﬁdence they have placed in us. I also extend my appreciation to our 
employees, whose technical expertise, commitment and relentless pursuit of excellence drive our 
manufacturing operations every day; to our farmers and feedstock partners, whose continued support forms 
the backbone of our integrated value chain; to our suppliers, technology partners, equipment manufacturers 
and contractors for their collaboration; and to our customers for their continued conﬁdence in our products 
and capabilities.
Together, we are building a world-class integrated bioreﬁnery founded on engineering excellence, operational 
discipline and continuous innovation, one that will create enduring value for our stakeholders while 
contributing meaningfully to India's energy security and the global transition towards a sustainable 
bioeconomy.
Warm Regards, 
Vishal Nirani
Executive Director
Dear Shareholders,
FY 2025–26 marked an important milestone in the evolution of TruAlt Bioenergy as our 
ﬁrst year as a listed company. It was also our ﬁrst year in which we strengthened the 
operational foundations of the business, enhanced manufacturing capabilities as we 
continue building an integrated bioreﬁnery platform for the future. 
STATEMENT FROM THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Vishal Nirani 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 31
[page 52]
Today, it is not deﬁned only by environmental performance, but by how responsibly an organisation is governed, 
how eﬃciently it utilises resources, how transparently it measures its impact and how meaningfully it contributes 
to the communities and ecosystems it serves. At TruAlt Bioenergy, these principles are embedded in the way we 
govern our business, make decisions and create long-term value for all our stakeholders.
During the year, we continued to advance our ESG framework and continued our efforts towards building a culture 
of transparency, accountability and responsible business practices. We voluntarily continued to strengthen our 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting (BRSR)  framework, reﬂecting our commitment to higher 
standards of governance, transparency and accountability. As a green fuels company, we also recognise that 
sustainability must be demonstrated through measurable outcomes. During the year, we completed the Life Cycle 
Assessment (LCA) of our ethanol operations to scientiﬁcally assess the greenhouse gas emissions across the 
entire value chain. The ﬁndings reaﬃrm ethanol's signiﬁcant contribution towards reducing lifecycle carbon 
emissions while providing valuable insights to further enhance the environmental performance of our operations.  
As we advance our Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) project, we have initiated a comprehensive Life Cycle 
Assessment to evaluate its environmental impact from the design stage itself. By integrating internationally 
accepted LCA methodologies into project development, we aim to build a SAF platform that meets global 
sustainability benchmarks and contributes meaningfully to the decarbonisation of the aviation sector.
Within our operations, we continued to improve water management, resource eﬃciency, waste utilisation and 
circular economy practices. Every improvement, whether in conserving water, recovering valuable resources or 
reducing waste, reﬂects our belief that responsible manufacturing and eﬃcient manufacturing go hand in hand. 
Our commitment to sustainability extends beyond our manufacturing operations, we continued to invest in 
initiatives that improve the quality of life in the communities around us, particularly in the areas of healthcare, 
education, skill development, women's empowerment, water conservation and sustainable agriculture. These 
programmes are designed with a long-term perspective, creating opportunities that strengthen communities 
alongside our business.
Looking ahead, our focus will remain on building a company that is responsible in the way it grows, transparent in 
the way it operates and accountable in the way it creates value. We believe that strong governance, environmental 
stewardship and meaningful community engagement will continue to strengthen the foundation of TruAlt 
Bioenergy as we evolve into a world-class integrated bioreﬁnery.
As I conclude, I extend my sincere gratitude to our shareholders for their continued conﬁdence and 
encouragement. I also thank our team members and business partners for their commitment and collaboration 
throughout the year. Above all, I would like to acknowledge the communities and villages that have welcomed us, 
supported our growth and continue to walk alongside us. Their trust is a responsibility we deeply value. We remain 
committed to creating value that extends beyond our operations, strengthening livelihoods, protecting the 
environment and contributing to a more inclusive and sustainable future for generations to come.
Warm Regards,
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani
Non-Executive Director
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
STATEMENT FROM THE NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mrs. Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani
Dear Valued Stakeholders,
FY 2025–26 has been an important year for TruAlt Bioenergy. As our ﬁrst year as a listed 
company, it has also been a year of strengthening the way we govern, operate and create 
value for all our stakeholders.  The role of sustainability has evolved signiﬁcantly in 
recent years. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 32
[page 53]
Dear Shareholders,
The global economy continued to navigate a complex environment during Fiscal 2026, 
shaped by geopolitical uncertainties, evolving trade dynamics, inﬂationary pressures and 
volatility in energy markets. Despite these challenges, India continued to demonstrate 
remarkable economic resilience, supported by strong domestic demand, sustained 
infrastructure investments and prudent macroeconomic policies. 
The country's continued focus on energy security, reducing dependence on imported fossil fuels and advancing 
its decarbonisation agenda has further strengthened the long-term outlook for the biofuels sector.
Against this encouraging backdrop, Fiscal 2026 marked a deﬁning chapter in TruAlt Bioenergy's journey. Our 
successful listing on the Indian capital markets as India's ﬁrst dedicated listed biofuels company was a signiﬁcant 
milestone that strengthened our capital base and reﬂected the conﬁdence of institutional and retail investors in 
our long-term vision. The IPO not only enhanced our ﬁnancial ﬂexibility but also positioned the Company to pursue 
its next phase of growth with greater strength and discipline.
The year was one of strategic transition. While our ﬁnancial performance reﬂected certain near-term operational 
challenges, these were largely driven by planned investments that will strengthen our competitiveness and create 
long-term value. Revenue from operations stood at ₹1,72,750.66 lakhs in Fiscal 2026 compared with 
₹1,90,772.40 lakhs in Fiscal 2025, primarily due to lower ethanol tender allocations and the temporary shutdown 
of three manufacturing facilities during their conversion from mono-feed to multi-feed operations. 
Despite these temporary headwinds, the Company maintained resilient operating performance with EBITDA of 
₹28,975.39 lakhs. Proﬁt After Tax stood at ₹9,686.98 lakhs, reﬂecting the impact of higher ﬁnance costs and 
depreciation associated with our ongoing capacity expansion and infrastructure investments. While these factors 
moderated short-term earnings, they have strengthened our operational ﬂexibility and established a robust 
platform for sustainable long-term growth.
Looking ahead, the outlook for both the sector and the Company remains highly encouraging. India's biofuels 
industry continues to beneﬁt from strong structural tailwinds driven by progressive policy support, increasing 
ethanol blending, emerging opportunities in compressed biogas and sustainable aviation fuel, and the country's 
commitment to energy security and decarbonisation. 
These positive developments, combined with our strengthened balance sheet, expanded multi-feed 
manufacturing capabilities and disciplined approach to capital allocation, position TruAlt to capitalise on the next 
phase of growth. Our focus will remain on enhancing asset utilisation, improving operational eﬃciencies, 
optimising working capital, maintaining ﬁnancial discipline and delivering sustainable long-term value for our 
shareholders.
On behalf of the ﬁnance team, I extend my sincere appreciation to our shareholders for their continued trust and 
conﬁdence, and to our bankers, customers, business partners and employees for their unwavering support. 
Together, we remain committed to building a ﬁnancially resilient, future-ready bioenergy company that contributes 
meaningfully to India's clean energy transition while creating enduring value for all our stakeholders.
Warm Regards, 
Anand Kishore
Chief Financial Oﬃcer
STATEMENT FROM THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
Mr. Anand Kishore 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 33
[page 54]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 34
OUR
DIRECTORS
[page 55]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 35
OUR DIRECTORS
Yagati Badarinarayana Ramakrishna, aged 70 years, is a Non-Executive Chairman & 
Independent Director of our Company. He holds a bachelor’s degree in electronics and 
communication engineering from the University of Mysore. He is currently a member of 
the working group on biofuels constituted by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, 
Government of India. He is currently associated with BEST Associates in his capacity as 
a partner. He has chaired the task force on biofuels in Karnataka and has held the position 
of chairman of Karnataka State Bio-Fuel Development Board. He has 11 years of 
experience as a resource person in the biofuel industry.
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, aged 33 years, is the Founder, Promoter and Managing 
Director of the Company. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Business (Finance and 
Accounting) from James Cook University, Singapore. Since founding TruAlt 
Bioenergy, he has led its transformation into one of India's leading integrated 
bioenergy companies through a disciplined, long-term approach to strategy, 
execution and institution building. Beyond the Company, Mr. Nirani actively engages 
with policymakers, industry leaders and global institutions to advance India's clean 
energy agenda, contributing to the development of enabling policy frameworks, 
strategic partnerships and investments that strengthen energy security, accelerate 
decarbonisation and enhance the country's leadership in the global energy transition.
Vishal Nirani, aged 29 years, is a Promoter and Executive Director of the Company. 
He has completed his Senior School Certiﬁcate Examination (Class XII) conducted 
by the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi, and has been associated 
with the Company since its incorporation. With over seven years of experience 
across diverse management functions, he has developed deep operational expertise 
in manufacturing, project execution, supply chain management and business 
operations. He plays a key role in driving operational excellence across the 
Company's integrated bioenergy platform, with a focus on process optimisation, 
execution eﬃciency, reliability and continuous improvement. His hands-on 
leadership has contributed signiﬁcantly to strengthening the Company's operational 
capabilities, supporting capacity expansion and enhancing productivity while 
maintaining high standards of safety, quality and sustainability.
[page 56]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 36
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani, aged 32 years, is a Promoter and Non-Executive 
Director of the Company. She holds a Bachelor's degree in Engineering from 
Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belagavi. With over seven years of experience 
across diverse business and management functions, she contributes to the 
Company's strategic direction, governance and long-term value creation. She is a 
strong advocate of environmental, social and governance (ESG) principles and plays 
an active role in advancing the Company's sustainability agenda, with a particular 
focus on responsible business practices, community development, employee 
well-being and inclusive growth. Through her leadership, she continues to support 
initiatives that strengthen the Company's commitment to sustainable development 
while creating meaningful and lasting value for all stakeholders.
Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi, aged 72 years, is a Non-Executive Independent 
Director of our Company . He holds a master’s degree in science (physics) from 
Karnatak University, Dharwad. He has served as an Indian Administration Oﬃcer, 
holding diverse administrative positions.
Anand Murugan Jakkampati Durairaj, aged 56 years, is an Executive Director of our 
Company. He holds a bachelor’s degree in science from the American College, 
Madurai Kamaraj University and a post graduate diploma programme in industrial 
fermentation and alcohol technology from Vasantdada Sagar Institute, Pune. He was 
previously associated with Piccadily Agro Industries Limited as a general manager 
and as a unit head with Sovereign Distilleries Limited. He has 28 years of experience 
holding diverse management positions.
Chandrasekhar Kanekal, aged 70 years, is currently the Non-Executive Independent 
Director of our Company. He holds a bachelor’s degree in science (agriculture) from 
the Andhra Pradesh Agricultural University and holds a certiﬁcate programme in 
management from the Union Bank School of Management. He is a certiﬁcated 
associate of the Indian Institute of Bankers, Mumbai and is also an insolvency 
professional. He was previously associated with the Union Bank of India as a general 
manager. Presently, he is a Non-Executive Director on the board of 63 Moon 
Technologies Limited. He has 36 years of experience as a banker holding diverse 
positions and also has experience as an insolvency professional.
OUR DIRECTORS
[page 57]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 37
[page 58]
MANAGEMENT 
DISCUSSION AND
ANAL YSIS
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 38
[page 59]
MACROECONOMIC OVERVIEW
Global Economy 
Overview: 
The global economy entered 2026 at an important inﬂection point. 
Following several years of recovery from the pandemic and 
subsequent inﬂationary shocks, global economic activity 
demonstrated greater resilience than anticipated. According to the 
International Monetary Fund (IMF), stronger labour markets, 
resilient consumer spending and sustained investment supported 
economic activity despite elevated uncertainty. However, the 
foundations of global growth are increasingly being reshaped by 
structural rather than cyclical forces, as geopolitical developments, 
evolving trade relationships and rapid technological 
transformation redeﬁne the global economic landscape.
The IMF projects global GDP growth of 3.0% in 2026, improving to 
3.4% in 2027, remaining below the 3.5% average recorded during 
2024-25. The latest World Economic Outlook Update describes the 
global economy as being shaped by "crosscurrents of war and 
technology" where the lingering effects of geopolitical conﬂict and 
energy market disruptions are increasingly being offset by a 
technology-led investment cycle driven by rapid advances in 
artiﬁcial intelligence and digital innovation. Consequently, 
economic performance is becoming increasingly differentiated, 
with countries integrated into global technology value chains 
outperforming those more exposed to energy price volatility and 
geopolitical disruptions.
The broader macroeconomic environment is also undergoing a 
structural realignment. The reconﬁguration of global supply chains, 
increasing geoeconomic fragmentation and the emergence of 
strategic industrial policies are reshaping patterns of international 
trade, manufacturing and capital allocation. Governments are 
placing greater emphasis on economic resilience by strengthening 
domestic manufacturing capabilities, securing critical supply 
chains and investing in strategic technologies. This marks a 
gradual transition from a globalisation model primarily driven by 
cost optimisation towards one increasingly centred on resilience, 
security and long-term competitiveness.
While inﬂation has moderated signiﬁcantly from the peaks 
experienced in recent years, the disinﬂationary process has 
slowed. The IMF now projects global headline inﬂation of 4.7% in 
2026, reﬂecting renewed pressures from higher commodity prices 
and geopolitical developments. Although several central banks 
have begun easing monetary policy, ﬁnancial conditions remain 
tighter than pre-pandemic norms, while elevated sovereign debt 
levels and ﬁscal consolidation measures continue to inﬂuence 
investment, borrowing costs and economic activity across both 
advanced and emerging economies.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 39
[page 60]
Rational growth (%)
Source: IMF World Economic Outlook, April 2026 (Reference Forecast).
Particulars 2023 2024 2025 2026F
3.3 3.3 3.3 3.1
1.8 1.9 1.9 1.8
World Output
Advanced Economies
Emerging Market & 
Developing Economies 4.4 4.3 4.3 3.7
Economy 2025 2026F Key Commentary
United States 1.9 1.8
Growth is projected to remain steady but 
and elevated uncertainty.
China 4.8 4.2
Growth is expected to ease as property-sector 
weakness and softer domestic demand weigh 
on momentum.
United Kingdom 1.2 1.4
Growth is projected to improve gradually, 
consumption.
Japan 0.7 0.5
Growth is expected to remain subdued amid 
weak domestic demand and demographic 
pressures.
Germany 0.1 0.9
Growth is projected to recover modestly after a 
weak 2025, supported by improving industrial 
activity.
At the same time, the underlying strength of the global economy remains uneven. Economic activity in the 
world's largest economies has generally exceeded earlier expectations, yet this performance masks structural 
imbalances. Growth patterns continue to diverge across regions, with domestic demand, labour markets and 
investment conditions evolving at different speeds. Elevated policy uncertainty and geopolitical risks continue 
to weigh on medium-term growth prospects, reinforcing a cautious global outlook.
According to the IMF, global growth is projected at 3.1% in 2026, with the conﬂict interrupting what had 
previously been a stronger growth trajectory. Inﬂation, after showing signs of moderation, is expected to edge 
higher as commodity price pressures re-emerge. While downside risks continue to dominate the near-term 
outlook, the IMF also highlights that continued technological progress particularly advances in artiﬁcial 
intelligence and supportive structural reforms could strengthen productivity and support a higher medium-term 
growth path.
The evolving macroeconomic landscape reﬂects a broader structural transition in the global economy. As 
nations navigate geopolitical uncertainty, shifting trade relationships and heightened concerns around energy 
security, resilience is becoming as important as eﬃciency. The ability to diversify supply chains, strengthen 
domestic industrial capabilities and secure reliable sources of energy will increasingly shape long-term 
economic competitiveness and sustainable growth.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 40
[page 61]
Global Economic Outlook
These investment trends underscore a broader shift 
in global economic priorities. Energy security, 
industrial competitiveness and sustainability are 
increasingly viewed as complementary objectives 
rather than competing goals. Governments across 
advanced and emerging economies are 
accelerating investments in domestic 
manufacturing, resilient supply chains, clean energy 
infrastructure and strategic technologies to reduce 
import dependence and strengthen long-term 
economic resilience. The growing emphasis on 
diversiﬁed energy sources, including biofuels, 
sustainable aviation fuel, hydrogen and other 
low-carbon solutions, is expected to create 
substantial opportunities for businesses operating 
across the clean energy value chain.
While short-term uncertainties remain elevated, the 
long-term outlook continues to favour 
organisations that are agile, innovation-driven and 
aligned with the evolving priorities of energy 
security, technological advancement and 
sustainable development. Businesses that invest in 
operational resilience, resource eﬃciency, digital 
capabilities and low-carbon technologies will be 
better positioned to create enduring value while 
contributing to a more secure, competitive and 
sustainable global economy.
The transition towards a more resilient global 
economy is also reshaping capital allocation and 
industrial development. Governments are 
increasingly adopting integrated industrial policies 
that combine energy security, climate action and 
economic competitiveness, resulting in higher 
investments across clean fuels, advanced 
manufacturing, critical minerals, digital 
infrastructure and circular economy solutions. As 
supply chains become more regionalised and 
countries seek greater self-reliance in strategic 
sectors, businesses with scalable technologies, 
diversiﬁed feedstock capabilities, robust 
operational platforms and strong sustainability 
credentials are expected to be better positioned to 
capture emerging growth opportunities. These 
structural shifts are reinforcing the role of the 
bioeconomy as a key enabler of sustainable 
industrialisation, rural development and long-term 
energy resilience.
According to the International Monetary Fund's 
(IMF) World Economic Outlook Update (July 2026), 
the global economy is projected to grow by 3.0% in 
2026 and 3.4% in 2027, reﬂecting resilience despite 
an increasingly complex geopolitical and 
macroeconomic environment. The outlook is being 
shaped by two opposing forces: the lingering 
impact of geopolitical conﬂicts and energy market 
disruptions on one hand, and a technology-driven 
investment cycle led by artiﬁcial intelligence and 
digital innovation on the other. While the global 
economy has demonstrated resilience, growth is 
expected to remain uneven across countries 
depending on their exposure to energy price shocks, 
global trade and participation in technology value 
chains.
The IMF highlights that risks to the outlook remain 
tilted to the downside. Continued geopolitical 
tensions, elevated policy uncertainty, supply chain 
disruptions and commodity price volatility could 
tighten global ﬁnancial conditions and place 
additional pressure on inﬂation, particularly for 
energy-importing and developing economies. At the 
same time, rapid adoption of artiﬁcial intelligence, 
digitalisation and productivity-enhancing 
technologies presents a signiﬁcant opportunity to 
improve long-term economic growth and 
competitiveness. Countries that successfully 
combine technological innovation with structural 
reforms and investment-friendly policies are 
expected to outperform over the medium term.
Global investment priorities are also undergoing a 
structural transformation. According to the 
International Energy Agency's (IEA) World Energy 
Investment 2026 report, global energy investment 
is expected to reach a record US$3.4 trillion in 
2026, with approximately US$2.2 trillion directed 
towards clean energy technologies including 
renewable power, electricity grids, battery storage, 
nuclear energy, low-emissions fuels, energy 
eﬃciency and electriﬁcation almost double the 
investment in fossil fuels. Electricity-related 
investment alone is projected to approach US$1.6 
trillion, reﬂecting the growing importance of grid 
expansion, storage and electriﬁcation in supporting 
future economic growth.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 41
[page 62]
Indian Economic Review
India is expected to remain one of the fastest-growing major economies despite a challenging global 
environment marked by geopolitical tensions, elevated policy uncertainty and slower global trade. According to 
the IMF, India's growth is projected at 6.2% in 2025 and 6.3% in 2026, supported primarily by resilient domestic 
demand and sustained economic activity.
Compared with other major economies, India's growth continues to signiﬁcantly outperform the global average, 
underlining the strength of its domestic market and relatively lower dependence on external demand. The 
country's economic resilience is expected to remain an important driver of global growth over the medium term.
Inﬂation is projected to remain broadly aligned with the Reserve Bank of India's medium-term target. The IMF 
assumes that monetary policy will continue to support price stability while remaining consistent with sustaining 
economic growth over the forecast horizon.
Growth of the Indian Economy
India's Growth in Global Context
E = Estimate; F = Forecast.
Source: International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Economic Outlook Update, July 2026
E = Estimate; F = Forecast.
Source: International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Economic Outlook Update, July 2026
Economy 2025 2026F 2027F
India 7.7 6.4 6.7
World 3.5 3.0 3.4
Emerging Market & Developing Economies 4.5 3.8 4.5
Advanced Economies 1.9 1.7 1.8
Calendar Year 2024 2025E 2026F 2027F
Real GDP Growth (%) 6.5 6.2 7.0 6.4
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 42
United States
China
Germany
India
Japan
United Kingdom
France
Italy
Canada
Brazil
~4.7
~4.4
~4.2
~3.4
~3.2
~2.4
~2.2
~2.1
~30.5
~19.2
[page 63]
Manufacturing emerged as one of the strongest contributors to growth, 
expanding by 7.0%, compared with 4.5% in FY 2024–25. The improvement was 
driven by stronger industrial output, robust domestic demand, improving 
capacity utilisation and continued support under the Production Linked 
Incentive (PLI) schemes. The Economic Survey also emphasises that the next 
phase of manufacturing growth will depend on greater innovation, R&D 
investment and deeper integration into global value chains. (Invest India)
The services sector remained the primary growth engine, expanding by 9.1% 
and accounting for approximately 54% of GDP during the ﬁrst half of FY 
2025–26. Financial, real estate and professional services grew by 9.9%, while 
trade, hotels, transport and communication expanded by 7.5%, reinforcing 
India's position as a leading global services economy. (Invest India)
Agriculture, livestock, forestry and ﬁshing registered growth of 3.1%, providing 
continued support to rural incomes and food security despite an elevated base. 
The sector continues to diversify beyond food production, with increasing 
opportunities emerging across biofuels, renewable feedstocks and value-added 
agri-processing. (Invest India)
Construction activity remained robust, growing by 7.0%, supported by sustained 
public capital expenditure and private investment. Gross Fixed Capital 
Formation (GFCF) is estimated to grow by 7.8%, reﬂecting continued 
investments in infrastructure, logistics, industrial corridors and urban 
development. (Invest India)
Energy is increasingly becoming a strategic growth enabler rather than a 
standalone sector. Continued investments in renewable energy, biofuels, green 
hydrogen, transmission infrastructure and domestic energy manufacturing are 
strengthening India's energy security while supporting industrial 
competitiveness. The Economic Survey highlights the need for strategic 
resilience, domestic capacity building and lower import dependence as India 
advances its long-term industrial and energy transition agenda.
Sectoral Performance
India's economic growth during FY 2025-26 was supported by broad-based expansion across services, 
manufacturing, infrastructure, agriculture and the energy sector. Continued policy reforms, rising domestic 
consumption and sustained public and private investment reinforced economic resilience despite an 
uncertain global environment. At the same time, energy has emerged as a strategic pillar of India's growth 
story, not only as an enabler of industrial development but also as a cornerstone of energy security, climate 
resilience and long-term economic competitiveness.
Trade & Investment
Domestic demand continued to anchor economic growth. Private Final Consumption Expenditure (PFCE) is 
estimated to grow by 7.0%, while Gross Fixed Capital Formation (GFCF) is projected to expand by 7.8%, 
reﬂecting healthy investment activity. Exports are estimated to grow by 6.4%, supported by resilient services 
exports and improving manufacturing competitiveness despite a challenging global trade environment.
Manufacturing
Services
FY 2025-26 PerformanceSector
Agriculture
Construction &
Infrastructure
Energy & Industrial 
Transition
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 43
[page 64]
India's primary markets also maintained healthy 
momentum, supported by strong investor appetite 
for quality businesses across manufacturing, 
infrastructure, technology and clean energy. Robust 
equity fundraising through initial public offerings 
(IPOs), qualiﬁed institutional placements (QIPs) and 
other market instruments has enabled companies 
to ﬁnance expansion while deepening the country's 
capital formation ecosystem. India's growing 
prominence in global equity markets continues to 
position it among the world's leading destinations 
for public listings and long-term capital.
The growing maturity of India's capital markets is 
expected to play a critical role in ﬁnancing the 
country's long-term development priorities, 
including infrastructure, manufacturing, digital 
transformation and the energy transition. 
Increasing adoption of sustainable ﬁnance, green 
bonds and ESG-linked investments is creating new 
avenues for mobilising capital towards renewable 
energy, biofuels and other low-carbon technologies, 
supporting India's vision of sustainable and 
investment-led growth.
India's capital markets continued to strengthen as a 
key pillar of economic growth, supporting capital 
formation, ﬁnancial inclusion and long-term 
investment. Backed by a robust regulatory 
framework, expanding domestic investor 
participation and increasing institutional depth, 
India's capital markets have demonstrated 
resilience despite global geopolitical uncertainties 
and market volatility. Continued reforms by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) have 
enhanced market transparency, governance and 
investor protection, reinforcing India's 
attractiveness as a global investment destination.
Domestic participation remained the deﬁning 
feature of market growth. The mutual fund 
industry's Assets Under Management (AUM) 
reached approximately ₹65.7 lakh crore by the end 
of FY 2024–25 and further increased to ₹73.7 lakh 
crore as of March 2026, reﬂecting sustained 
investor conﬁdence and disciplined long-term 
investing. The industry also recorded over 23 crore 
investor folios, highlighting the continued 
broadening of India's retail investment base.
Outlook
India is expected to remain among the world's fastest-growing major economies, supported by strong 
macroeconomic fundamentals and resilient domestic demand. The Economic Survey 2025–26 projects real 
GDP growth in the range of 6.8%–7.2% for FY 2026–27 , with private consumption, manufacturing, 
infrastructure investment and a vibrant services sector continuing to underpin economic expansion. As India 
strengthens its position in global value chains and advances from import substitution towards strategic 
resilience and competitiveness, sustained investments in clean energy, advanced manufacturing, digital 
innovation and infrastructure are expected to enhance productivity, reinforce energy security and support 
long-term, sustainable growth.
Key Takeaway : 
India is expected to grow at nearly twice the global average and more than three times the pace of advanced 
economies, reinforcing its position as the world's fastest-growing major economy.
Capital Markets: Deepening Participation and Financing India's Growth
Indicator FY 2025–26
Mutual Fund AUM ₹73.7 lakh crore
Mutual Fund Investor Folios 23+ crore
Net Mutual Fund AUM (Mar 2026) ₹73.7 lakh crore
Key Growth Drivers
Strategic Focus
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 44
[page 65]
Global Biofuels Sector Review
the United States, Brazil, the European Union, India 
and Indonesia, have strengthened blending 
mandates and introduced long-term regulatory 
frameworks to accelerate renewable fuel adoption. 
Brazil has increased its ethanol blending mandate
to 30%, Indonesia has implemented a 40% biodiesel 
blending programme (B40), while India has 
accelerated the nationwide rollout of E20 petrol and 
outlined an ambitious roadmap for Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel. These policy measures are expected 
to drive sustained investments across the biofuel 
value chain while encouraging feedstock 
diversiﬁcation and technological innovation.
The industry is also witnessing a structural shift 
towards advanced and next-generation biofuels. 
While ﬁrst-generation feedstocks such as corn, 
sugarcane and vegetable oils continue to dominate 
production, investments in agricultural residues, 
municipal solid waste, used cooking oil and other 
non-food feedstocks are accelerating. This 
transition is expanding the scope of the 
bioeconomy, improving feedstock security and 
enabling the production of advanced fuels capable 
of addressing emissions from hard-to-abate 
sectors such as aviation, shipping and long-haul 
freight.
Looking ahead, the long-term outlook for the global 
biofuels industry remains robust. According to the 
OECD-FAO Agricultural Outlook, global biofuel 
demand is projected to grow steadily through 2034, 
supported by higher blending mandates, expanding 
transport fuel demand and increasing investments 
in advanced biofuels and SAF. Countries with 
abundant agricultural resources, strong policy 
frameworks and integrated value chains are 
expected to emerge as leaders in the next phase of 
industry growth. Against this backdrop, India has 
rapidly positioned itself as one of the world's 
fastest-growing biofuel markets, combining policy 
ambition with expanding production capacity to 
play an increasingly signiﬁcant role in the global 
energy transition.
The global biofuels industry is undergoing a 
fundamental transformation, evolving from a 
climate-driven policy initiative into a strategic pillar 
of energy security, industrial competitiveness and 
sustainable economic growth. Rising geopolitical 
tensions, volatile fossil fuel markets and 
increasingly ambitious decarbonisation targets 
have accelerated the adoption of renewable 
transport fuels across major economies. 
Governments are no longer viewing biofuels solely 
as an emissions reduction tool, but as a means to 
reduce dependence on imported crude oil, 
strengthen domestic supply chains, enhance 
farmer incomes and create resilient, low-carbon 
energy systems.
Global biofuel production reached a record 192 
billion litres in 2024, comprising approximately 121 
billion litres of ethanol, 50 billion litres of biodiesel, 
20 billion litres of renewable diesel (HVO) and 1.44 
billion litres of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF). 
Looking ahead, the International Energy Agency 
(IEA) projects global biofuel demand to increase to 
approximately 238 billion litres by 2030 under its 
main-case scenario, with stronger policy support 
potentially driving demand to 310 billion litres. This 
growth is expected to be underpinned by expanding 
biofuel mandates, energy security priorities and 
accelerating decarbonisation efforts, particularly 
across emerging economies, while SAF is 
anticipated to be the fastest-growing segment of 
the renewable fuels market. Ethanol remains the 
dominant biofuel, accounting for nearly two-thirds 
of global production, while renewable diesel and 
SAF are emerging as the fastest-growing segments, 
driven by increasing demand from heavy transport 
and aviation sectors. Biofuels today contribute 
nearly 90% of all renewable energy consumed in the 
transport sector, underscoring their critical role in 
decarbonising mobility using existing fuel 
infrastructure.
Policy support continues to be the primary catalyst 
for industry expansion. Major economies, including 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 45
[page 66]
Asia Pacific
Asia Paciﬁc is expected to remain the fastest-growing biofuels market globally, driven by 
rising transport fuel demand, energy security concerns and supportive government 
policies. According to the IEA, India, Indonesia and China will account for a signiﬁcant 
share of global biofuel demand growth through 2030. India has accelerated the 
nationwide rollout of E20 petrol while expanding its focus beyond ethanol towards 
compressed biogas (CBG), biodiesel and Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF). Indonesia 
continues to strengthen its biodiesel programme through the B40 mandate, while China 
is expected to increase biodiesel and renewable fuel consumption as part of its broader 
decarbonisation strategy. Across the region, governments are increasingly positioning 
biofuels as a strategic tool to reduce oil import dependence, strengthen rural economies 
and improve energy security.
Europe
Europe continues to lead the global transition towards advanced biofuels through a 
strong regulatory framework. The Renewable Energy Directive (RED III) has signiﬁcantly 
strengthened renewable energy targets for transport, requiring either 29% renewable 
energy in transport or a 14.5% reduction in greenhouse gas intensity by 2030. RED III also 
establishes a 5.5% target for advanced biofuels and renewable fuels of non-biological 
origin, reinforcing Europe's leadership in Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), renewable 
diesel and advanced biofuels. Increasing sustainability requirements, digital traceability 
systems and the Union Database for Biofuels are further enhancing market transparency 
and strengthening investor conﬁdence.
Regional Outlook
Regional Biofuels Landscape
Region Market Drivers Key Biofuels Growth Outlook
Asia 
Strong government mandates, 
rising transport fuel demand, 
energy security initiatives and 
expanding export opportunities.
Ethanol, Biodiesel, 
Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel (SAF)
Expected to remain the fastest-
growing region, led by India, 
Indonesia and China.
Europe
RED III implementation, 
Fit-for-55 package, increasing 
SAF mandates and 
decarbonisation policies.
Biodiesel, Renewable 
Diesel (HVO), SAF, 
Advanced Biofuels
Growth supported by stringent 
climate regulations and aviation 
decarbonisation targets.
North 
America
Renewable Fuel Standard 
(RFS), Low Carbon Fuel 
Standards (LCFS) and growing 
renewable diesel capacity.
Corn Ethanol, 
Renewable Diesel, 
SAF
Mature market with continued 
expansion in renewable diesel 
and SAF investments.
Latin 
America
High sugarcane availability, 
established ethanol ecosystem 
and supportive blending 
mandates.
Sugarcane Ethanol, 
Biodiesel
Stable long-term growth driven 
by Brazil's expanding ethanol 
and biodiesel programmes.
Africa
Emerging biofuel policies, 
improving energy access and 
increasing investment in local 
bioenergy projects.
Ethanol, Biodiesel
Long-term growth potential 
supported by abundant 
agricultural resources and rising 
energy demand.
Pacific
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 46
[page 67]
Global Perspective
As the biofuels industry enters its next phase of growth, policy 
alignment, international collaboration and investment will be 
critical to unlocking its full potential. According to the IEA, 
bioenergy is expected to account for approximately 95% of 
renewable fuel demand growth through 2030, with China, Brazil, 
Europe, India and the United States contributing more than 
two-thirds of global renewable fuel demand growth. The increasing 
convergence of energy security, industrial policy and climate action 
is reshaping the global biofuels landscape, creating signiﬁcant 
opportunities for countries with strong agricultural resources, 
diversiﬁed feedstocks and supportive policy ecosystems. In this 
evolving landscape, India has emerged as one of the world's most 
dynamic biofuel markets, combining ambitious policy reforms with 
expanding production capacity and increasing global leadership 
through initiatives such as the Global Biofuels Alliance.
North America
North America remains one of the world's most mature biofuel markets, supported by 
established production capacity, integrated supply chains and stable policy frameworks. 
The United States continues to lead global ethanol production under the Renewable Fuel 
Standard (RFS), while renewable diesel and SAF capacity continue to expand. Canada is 
strengthening demand through its Clean Fuel Regulations, encouraging higher blending 
levels and lower lifecycle emissions. Although policy uncertainty remains a potential risk, 
the region continues to attract signiﬁcant investments in next-generation biofuels and 
reﬁning capacity.
Latin America
Latin America remains a global leader in sugarcane-based biofuels, supported by 
abundant feedstock availability and decades of policy experience. Brazil is expected to 
account for nearly half of the global increase in biofuel demand through 2030, following 
the enactment of the Fuel of the Future legislation, which increases ethanol and biodiesel 
blending while introducing greenhouse gas targets for aviation fuels. The region's 
integrated sugar-energy ecosystem and competitive production economics continue to 
make it one of the world's lowest-cost producers of renewable fuels.
Africa
Africa's biofuels sector remains at an early stage of development but presents signiﬁcant 
long-term potential due to its abundant agricultural resources and growing energy 
demand. While several countries have introduced blending mandates and bioenergy 
strategies, the pace of development will depend on investments in feedstock supply 
chains, infrastructure and enabling policy frameworks. The IEA considers Africa an 
emerging market where bioenergy could play an increasingly important role in improving 
energy access, supporting rural development and reducing dependence on imported 
fuels.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 47
[page 68]
Global policy momentum continues to reinforce biofuels as a critical pillar of the energy transition. Leading 
economies are strengthening blending mandates, introducing supportive regulatory frameworks and investing 
in advanced biofuels to improve energy security, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and enhance industrial 
competitiveness. Beyond climate objectives, these initiatives are also supporting rural livelihoods, domestic 
manufacturing and supply chain resilience. As countries diversify their energy mix and accelerate the 
decarbonisation of road transport, aviation and heavy industries, biofuels are expected to play an increasingly 
signiﬁcant role in shaping the future of sustainable energy systems and creating long-term opportunities across 
the global bioeconomy.
Global Policy & Market Landscape
Country / 
Region
Primary 
Biofuel
Policy Milestone 
(2025–26) Key Numbers Strategic Focus
United 
States Corn Ethanol
Renewable Fuel 
Standard (RFS) 
continues to support 
ethanol, renewable 
diesel and SAF 
production.
~58 bn litres ethanol 
production annually; 
SAF Grand Challenge: 
11 bn litres/year by 
2030.
Energy security, 
transport 
decarbonisation 
and advanced 
biofuels.
Brazil Sugarcane 
Ethanol
Ethanol blending 
increased to E30 and 
biodiesel to B15 under 
the Fuel of the Future 
programme.
World's 2nd largest 
ethanol producer; 
expected to contribute 
~40% of global biofuel 
demand growth 
through 2030.
Flex-fuel mobility, 
exports and low-
carbon fuels.
European 
Union
Biodiesel, 
Renewable 
Diesel 
(HVO), SAF
RED III mandates 29% 
renewable energy 
in transport (or 
14.5% GHG intensity 
reduction) by 2030, 
including a 5.5% 
advanced fuels target.
16.8 bn litres biodiesel, 
renewable diesel and 
SAF produced in 2024.
Low-carbon 
transport fuels 
and aviation 
decarbonisation.
Indonesia Biodiesel
Nationwide B40 
biodiesel programme 
with discussions on 
progressing towards 
B50.
Among the world's 
largest biodiesel 
blending programmes; 
expected to contribute 
demand growth.
Reduced diesel 
imports and 
energy self-
India Ethanol
Nationwide E20 rollout, 
expansion of CBG and 
a phased SAF blending 
roadmap.
Energy 
security, import 
substitution, 
farmer prosperity 
and rural value 
creation.
Ethanol production
capacity exceeds
1,995 crore litres per
annum; (1002 crore 
litres produced from 
grains and 992 ccrore 
litres produced from 
sugar derivative) 
expected to be one of
the fastest- growing 
biofuel markets 
globally.    
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 48
[page 69]
Key Growth Drivers
Growth Driver Industry Impact
Energy
Security 
Countries are reducing dependence on imported crude oil through 
domestic biofuel production.
Net-Zero
Commitments 
Stronger blending mandates and low-carbon fuel standards are 
accelerating adoption.
Expansion beyond conventional feedstocks is improving 
sustainability and supply resilience.
Sustainable
Aviation Fuel
(SAF)  
Emerging as the fastest-growing segment to support aviation 
decarbonisation.
Technology &
Innovation  and commercial viability.
Feedstock 
Diversification
Advanced conversion technologies, greater 
feedstockdiversiﬁcation and the commercialisation 
of second-generation biofuels and Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel (SAF) are improving both 
environmental performance and economic viability. 
The IEA projects that global SAF consumption will 
increase from approximately 1 billion litres in 2024 
to around 9 billion litres by 2030, supported by 
aviation blending mandates and incentive 
mechanisms across major economies. 
Simultaneously, the IEA's World Energy Investment 
2026 estimates that global energy investment will 
reach a record US$3.4 trillion in 2026, with 
approximately US$2.2 trillion directed towards 
clean energy technologies, almost double the 
investment in fossil fuels. These trends reinforce 
the growing role of biofuels within an increasingly 
diversiﬁed low-carbon energy system and highlight 
the sector's strategic importance in strengthening 
energy security, decarbonising transport and 
fostering sustainable economic growth.
The global biofuels industry is entering a new phase 
of structural growth, driven by the convergence of 
energy security, climate commitments and 
industrial policy. According to the International 
Energy Agency's (IEA) Renewables 2025 report, 
renewable energy consumption in the transport 
sector is expected to increase by 50% by 2030, with 
liquid biofuels accounting for approximately 35% of 
this growth. The IEA has also revised its global 
biofuel demand forecast upwards by 50% 
compared with previous projections, reﬂecting 
stronger policy support, expanding blending 
mandates and rising transport fuel demand across 
major markets, including Brazil, Indonesia, India, 
Europe and the United States. Biofuel demand in 
India alone is expected to increase by around 80% 
by 2030, making it one of the fastest-growing 
biofuel markets globally.
Technology and innovation continue to expand the 
industry's long-term growth potential. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 49
[page 70]
Indian Biofuels Sector Review
Market Evolution
The International Energy Agency (IEA) identiﬁes 
India as one of the fastest-growing bioenergy 
markets globally, supported by abundant 
agricultural residues, organic waste resources and 
a strong policy framework.
India's biofuel industry has witnessed rapid 
expansion over the past decade, supported by a 
coordinated policy framework spanning demand 
creation, production incentives, feedstock 
diversiﬁcation and infrastructure development. 
Since the introduction of the National Policy on 
Biofuels in 2018, the country has signiﬁcantly 
expanded the production and consumption of 
renewable transport fuels, positioning itself among 
the leading biofuel markets globally.
According to the IEA, India became the world's 
fourth-largest consumer of liquid biofuels in 2024 . 
Demand growth has been driven primarily by 
ethanol blending, supported by guaranteed 
procurement mechanisms, remunerative pricing, 
feedstock ﬂexibility and long-term offtake 
agreements with Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs). 
Liquid biofuel demand has increased fourfold since 
2018, while production capacity has expanded 
nearly sevenfold over the same period.
The evolution of India's biofuel sector extends 
beyond conventional ethanol. The industry is 
progressively diversifying into compressed biogas 
(CBG), biodiesel, Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) 
and advanced biofuels, reﬂecting a broader shift 
towards developing an integrated bioeconomy 
capable of addressing multiple transport and 
industrial applications.
India's Emergence as a Global Bioenergy 
Leader
The global energy system is undergoing a structural 
transformation. Rising geopolitical uncertainty, 
supply chain disruptions, volatile crude oil prices 
and increasingly ambitious climate commitments 
have fundamentally reshaped national energy 
priorities. Around the world, governments are 
accelerating investments in domestically produced 
renewable fuels that can simultaneously strengthen 
energy security, reduce import dependence and 
support decarbonisation. In this evolving 
landscape, biofuels have transitioned from being an 
alternative transport fuel to becoming a strategic 
component of national energy policy.
Against this backdrop, India has emerged as one of 
the world's most promising bioenergy markets. As 
the world's third-largest energy consumer and one 
of the largest importers of crude oil, India's 
economic resilience is closely linked to the 
availability and affordability of energy. Biofuels 
therefore serve a dual purpose—supporting climate 
objectives while strengthening domestic energy 
security through locally produced renewable fuels. 
This strategic alignment has elevated bioenergy 
from a sectoral initiative to a key pillar of India's 
broader energy transition strategy.
Unlike many mature markets where biofuel 
deployment is primarily driven by emissions 
reduction mandates, India's approach integrates 
multiple national priorities, including rural 
development, agricultural diversiﬁcation, waste 
valorisation, industrial growth and import 
substitution. This integrated policy framework has 
enabled rapid expansion across liquid and gaseous 
biofuels while creating new economic opportunities 
across the agricultural and manufacturing sectors. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 50
[page 71]
The report highlights that demand for feedstocks 
has increased steadily alongside expanding biofuel 
production. By 2024, India utilised more than 25 
million metric tonnes of feedstocks for liquid 
biofuel production, with sugars accounting for over 
60% of total demand and starch-based feedstocks 
contributing more than one-third. As biofuel 
technologies mature, feedstock diversiﬁcation is 
expected to become increasingly important in 
supporting future growth across biodiesel, CBG and 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel.
Expanding Beyond Ethanol
While ethanol remains the cornerstone of India's 
renewable fuel programme, the next phase of 
growth is expected to be driven by the expansion of 
gaseous and advanced biofuels.
The IEA identiﬁes compressed biogas as one of 
India's largest emerging opportunities, supported 
by abundant biomass resources, expanding policy 
support and increasing investment interest. 
Approximately 170 CBG plants are operational, with 
nearly 300 additional projects under development. 
At the same time, India's Sustainable Aviation Fuel 
programme is gaining momentum, supported by 
announced blending targets and growing demand 
from the aviation sector. Together, these segments 
are expected to diversify India's renewable fuel 
portfolio while opening new avenues for investment 
and industrial development.
Policy and Institutional Support
One of India's greatest competitive strengths lies in 
the consistency and breadth of its policy 
framework. Rather than relying on a single incentive 
mechanism, the sector has beneﬁted from 
complementary policies covering feedstock 
availability, demand assurance, ﬁnancing, taxation, 
technology development and infrastructure 
creation.
The National Policy on Biofuels established 
long-term blending targets while progressively 
expanding eligible feedstocks beyond sugarcane to 
include maize, damaged food grains, surplus grains 
and agricultural residues. The Ethanol Blended 
Petrol Programme introduced assured procurement 
and pricing mechanisms, while dedicated interest 
subvention schemes accelerated investments in 
new distillation capacity. More recently, policy 
support has expanded towards Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel, multifeedstock bioreﬁneries and 
second-generation biofuels, reinforcing India's 
long-term commitment to diversiﬁed renewable 
fuels.
The IEA notes that India's coordinated approach 
combining demand-side mandates with supply-side 
incentives has been instrumental in attracting 
private investment and rapidly scaling domestic 
production capacity.
Feedstock Advantage
India possesses one of the world's most diverse 
and abundant bioenergy resource bases. Large 
volumes of sugarcane, maize, agricultural residues, 
damaged food grains, organic waste and used 
cooking oil provide multiple pathways for 
renewable fuel production. This diversiﬁed 
feedstock ecosystem enhances supply resilience 
while reducing dependence on individual 
agricultural commodities.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 51
[page 72]
In 2019, India launched the EBP Programme, 
originally a pilot and demonstration programme 
from 2001, to provide additional ﬁnancial incentives 
to support mandated ethanol blending targets 
under the NPB while supporting feedstock 
suppliers. Under this programme, the government 
sets remunerative pricing for ethanol produced 
from feedstock based on sugar cane to support 
costcompetitiveness for ethanol producers. The 
OMCs provide long-term demand for ethanol by 
entering offtake agreements, of up to 10 years, with 
project developers and lenders.
India developed the Pradhan Mantri JI-VAN Yohana 
programme in the same year, later amended in 
2024, to increase production of ethanol from a 
greater diversity of feedstocks. The programme 
provides USD 230 million (1 969.50 crore Indian 
rupees (INR)) of funding for the expansion of 
existing, or development of new, integrated ethanol 
projects using lignocellulosic biomass, non-edible 
food crops and waste-based feedstock. The 
programme has set a target to develop 10 
demonstration-scale and 12 commercial-scale 
projects by 2028/29. The programme has so far 
provided over USD 100 million (INR 908.25 crore) 
for six commercial and four demonstration plants.
Policy support for ethanol in India gained 
momentum in 2014 with the introduction of a 
revised ethanol pricing mechanism which provided 
stable and ﬁxed prices for ethanol produced from 
sugar cane to improve cost-competitiveness and 
support scaling up of production. Building on this 
policy, India launched its National Policy for 
Biofuels (NPB) in 2018 to expand its domestic 
liquid biofuel industry and reduce reliance on crude 
oil imports for gasoline production. The NPB 
originally set a target of blending 20% ethanol in 
gasoline by 2030, which was later amended in 2022 
to achieve this blending rate by 2025/26.
India developed several other policies in 2018 to 
support development of the ethanol supply chain 
and the targets set out under the NPB. These 
measures included ﬁnancial support for new 
projects through the Scheme to Enhance Ethanol 
Distillation Capacity, which subsidises interest on 
loans used to retroﬁt existing facilities or develop 
new ethanol plants, as well as an expansion of 
eligible feedstocks to include heavy molasses, 
sugarcane juice and sugar, damaged food grains, 
maize and surplus rice. In addition, India reduced 
the tax rate on ethanol used for blending from 18% 
to 5% to improve the cost-competitiveness.
Indian Clean Fuels Market 
i) Indian Ethanol Market (1G & 2G)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 52
[page 73]
Ethanol Supply Year Average Ethanol Blending Achieved
2020–21 ~8.1%
2021–22 10.0%
2022–23 12.1%
2023–24 14.6%
2024–25 19.2%
2025–26* (No v–Jun) 20.0%
launched its Bioenergy Policy, and in 2023, Bihar 
launched its Biofuel Promotion Policy, which both
provide similar duty exemptions for ethanol 
production facilities. In 2024, Maharashtra 
introduced its Integrated Bioenergy Policy, again 
providing similar exemptions to duties, as well as 
capital subsidies ranging from 40% to 100% for new 
ethanol projects. In 2025, Madhya Pradesh 
launched its Biofuels Scheme, providing similar 
duty exemptions as the other states as well as a 
40% capital subsidy up to USD 22.2 million (INR 200 
crore) for new cellulosic-ethanol projects.
India has broadened support for ethanol 
development by providing ﬁnancial support for the 
interest on loans used to retroﬁt existing, or develop 
new, ethanol production facilities under the Scheme 
for Cooperative Sugar Mills. Similarly to the Scheme 
to Enhance Ethanol Distillation Capacity 
implemented in 2018, it provides ﬁnancial support 
for converting ethanol production facilities using 
sugar cane to ones that can use a range of 
feedstocks such as maize and damaged rice. 
India has signiﬁcantly expanded its ethanol 
production capacity in line with its long-term energy 
security and biofuels objectives. As of 2025–26, the 
country's installed ethanol production capacity has 
reached approximately 1,995 crore litres per annum, 
of which around 1,002 crore litres is grain-based, 
with the remaining capacity comprising 
molasses-based and dual-feed distilleries. This 
rapid capacity expansion has diversiﬁed India's 
feedstock base, enhanced operational ﬂexibility, 
improved year-round capacity utilisation, and 
strengthened the resilience of the domestic ethanol 
value chain.
India developed the Pradhan Mantri JI-VAN Yojana 
programme in the same year, later amended in 
2024, to increase production of ethanol from a 
greater diversity of feedstocks. The programme 
provides USD 230 million (1 969.50 crore Indian 
rupees (INR)) of funding for the expansion of 
existing, or development of new, integrated ethanol 
projects using lignocellulosic biomass, non-edible 
food crops and waste-based feedstock. The 
programme has set a target to develop 10 
demonstration-scale and 12 commercial-scale 
projects by 2028/29. The programme has so far 
provided over USD 100 million (INR 908.25 crore) 
for six commercial and four demonstration plants.
In 2021, India created the Roadmap for Ethanol 
Blending in India 2020-25. The roadmap outlines 
annual measures to increase domestic ethanol 
supply and demand, setting intermediate targets in 
line with the NPB and the EBP Programme. These 
included a phased-in blending target of 10% for 
ethanol in 2022, as well as phased-in blending of 
20% for ethanol by 2025. It also sought to double 
domestic ethanol production capacity from 2020 to 
2025, to 15 billion litres (1500 crore litres). The 
extension of the EBP , directing OMCs to sell 
gasoline blended with 20% ethanol  and the 
development of guidelines for signing longterm 
offtake agreements for ethanol for OMCs in 2021, 
complemented the roadmap and the NPB.
Several Indian states have also developed policies 
to support deployment of ethanol. In 2018, Haryana 
launched its Bioenergy Policy, which provides 
exemptions on stamp and electricity duties for 
ethanol producers. Similarly, in 2022, Uttar Pradesh 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 53
[page 74]
biochemicals, bioplastics, and other bio-based 
materials, it is expected to play a pivotal role in the 
decarbonisation of hard-to-abate sectors while 
supporting the growth of India's broader 
bioeconomy. Recognising this potential, the 
Government of India continues to accelerate 
commercial deployment through targeted initiatives 
such as the Pradhan Mantri JI-VAN Yojana, 
reinforcing the country's transition towards an 
integrated, circular and globally competitive 
bio-based economy.
India is now entering the next phase of its biofuels 
journey through the accelerated development of 
second-generation (2G) ethanol, which is expected 
to play a transformative role in the country's 
long-term energy transition. With an estimated 
12–16 crore tonnes of surplus lignocellulosic 
biomass generated annually, India possesses one 
of the world's largest sustainable feedstock bases 
for advanced biofuels. This resource has the 
potential to produce 2,500–3,000 crore litres of 
ethanol annually, signiﬁcantly enhancing domestic 
energy security while creating value from 
agricultural residues that would otherwise remain 
underutilised.
Unlike conventional ethanol production, 2G 
bioreﬁneries represent integrated 
bio-manufacturing platforms capable of producing 
a wide range of renewable fuels, bio-based 
chemicals and high-value co-products, improving 
both resource eﬃciency and project economics. 
Their development is expected to strengthen rural 
value chains by generating additional farmer 
income, creating skilled employment, promoting 
scientiﬁc crop residue management, and fostering 
a circular bioeconomy.
Beyond supporting India's long-term ethanol 
blending ambitions, 2G ethanol is also a strategic 
feedstock for Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), 
renewable chemicals and other advanced 
bio-based products, enabling decarbonisation 
across hard-to-abate sectors. Backed by initiatives 
such as the Pradhan Mantri JI-VAN Yojana, 
continued policy support and increasing private 
sector investment, India is building the foundations 
of a globally competitive advanced biofuels 
ecosystem. This positions the country not only as a 
leader in ethanol blending but also as a future hub 
for low-carbon fuels and bio-based manufacturing 
serving both domestic and international markets.
The sustained policy support and investments over 
the past decade have fostered a robust and 
integrated biofuels ecosystem spanning feedstock 
cultivation, processing infrastructure, logistics, and 
assured market offtake. Beyond enabling the 
achievement of the E20 ethanol blending target, this 
ecosystem provides a strong platform for the 
development of advanced biofuels and bio-based 
products. With abundant agricultural biomass, 
expanding multi-feedstock processing capabilities, 
and a supportive policy framework, India is well 
positioned to emerge as a globally competitive 
producer of advanced biofuels, particularly 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), supporting both 
domestic decarbonisation objectives and 
international market opportunities. The recent 
decision to permit exports of cellulosic ethanol 
further underscores India's intent to strengthen its 
position as a global supplier of sustainable fuels 
while continuing to expand domestic production 
capacity.
India is also laying the foundation for the next 
generation of biofuels through the development of 
second-generation (2G) ethanol. The country is 
estimated to have an annual surplus availability of 
12–16 crore tonnes of lignocellulosic biomass , 
including agricultural residues, which has the 
potential to produce 2,500–3,000 crore litres of 
ethanol annually. Harnessing this abundant 
resource presents a signiﬁcant opportunity to 
strengthen India's energy security, reduce crude oil 
imports, and unlock substantial value from 
agricultural waste.
Beyond ethanol production, 2G bioreﬁneries enable 
the creation of a diversiﬁed portfolio of renewable 
products, including biogas, renewable CO ₂, 
bio-based chemicals, pellets, compost, and other 
high-value co-products such as furfural and xylitol, 
enhancing overall project economics. These 
integrated bioreﬁneries also contribute to rural 
economic development by creating additional 
income streams for farmers, generating 
employment, and promoting sustainable 
agricultural practices through improved residue 
management and reduced dependence on 
chemical fertilisers.
The strategic signiﬁcance of 2G ethanol extends 
beyond road transportation. As a sustainable 
feedstock for Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF),
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 54
[page 75]
SAF Blending Target Implementation Year Estimated SAF Requirement
1% 2027 14 crore litres
2% 2028 28 crore litres
5% 2030 70 crore litres
practical and scalable decarbonisation pathway for 
aviation. Unlike hydrogen or electric propulsion 
technologies, SAF is a drop-in fuel, enabling its use 
in existing aircraft engines, airport infrastructure 
and fuel distribution systems without requiring 
modiﬁcations. This allows immediate emissions 
reductions across the current global ﬂeet while 
next-generation propulsion technologies continue 
to mature.
Recognising its strategic importance, India has 
announced a phased blending roadmap for 
international ﬂights, mandating 1% SAF blending 
from 2027, 2% in 2028 and 5% by 2030. These 
targets are expected to stimulate domestic 
production capacity, create long-term demand 
certainty and accelerate investments across the 
SAF value chain. 
India is emerging as a key participant in the global 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) ecosystem, 
supported by its abundant agricultural resources, 
rapidly expanding biofuels industry and progressive 
policy framework. As one of the world's 
fastest-growing aviation markets, India recognises 
SAF as a strategic solution to decarbonise aviation, 
enhance energy security, reduce dependence on 
imported fossil fuels and create new value streams 
for the agricultural economy.
The aviation sector remains one of the most 
challenging industries to decarbonise due to the 
high energy-density requirements of long-haul 
ﬂights, the long operational life of commercial 
aircraft and the absence of commercially viable 
alternatives to liquid hydrocarbon fuels. 
Consequently, SAF has emerged as the most
ii) Indian Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) Market
India's successful ethanol blending programme has created one of the world's most robust and integrated 
biofuels ecosystems, providing a strong foundation for commercial-scale SAF production. Over the past 
decade, sustained policy support, signiﬁcant investments and coordinated industry participation have resulted 
in diversiﬁed feedstock availability, nearly 2,000 crore litres per annum of installed ethanol production 
capacity, multi-feedstock processing capabilities, established logistics infrastructure, assured offtake 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 55
[page 76]
carbon capture and offsets combined. Achieving 
these ambitions will require an unprecedented 
scale-up in sustainable feedstock supply chains, 
bioreﬁnery capacity and advanced fuel 
technologies, presenting a signiﬁcant long-term 
investment opportunity.
Despite its signiﬁcant long-term potential, SAF 
currently faces commercial challenges, with 
production costs estimated to be two to ﬁve times 
higher than conventional aviation turbine fuel, 
depending on the production pathway and 
feedstock. Bridging this cost differential will require 
sustained policy support, technological innovation 
and stable market mechanisms. International 
experience demonstrates that the most successful 
SAF ecosystems combine blending mandates, 
production incentives and carbon pricing 
mechanisms, creating long-term demand certainty 
while improving project bankability and accelerating 
commercial deployment.
India is well positioned to build upon the success of 
its ethanol blending programme by adopting similar 
policy mechanisms for SAF. Expanding initiatives 
such as the Pradhan Mantri JI-VAN Yojana, 
extending concessional ﬁnancing and capital 
support for commercial-scale SAF projects, 
facilitating long-term offtake agreements, and 
encouraging innovation-led funding programmes 
can signiﬁcantly accelerate domestic SAF 
production. Continued international collaboration 
through platforms such as the Global Biofuels 
Alliance, together with bilateral partnerships 
focused on technology development, sustainability 
standards and commercial deployment, will further 
strengthen India's competitiveness in the global SAF 
market.
With abundant and diversiﬁed feedstock resources, 
a mature ethanol ecosystem, expanding renewable 
energy capacity, progressive policy support and one 
of the world's fastest-growing aviation markets, 
India possesses the essential building blocks to 
emerge as a global leader in Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel. The country's unique combination of feedstock 
availability, world-scale ethanol infrastructure and 
favourable ATJ economics positions it to become a 
competitive producer and exporter of SAF, 
supporting domestic aviation decarbonisation while 
creating new opportunities in advanced 
bio-manufacturing, rural development, energy 
security and the global low-carbon economy.
mechanisms through Oil Marketing Companies and 
a mature regulatory framework. This integrated 
ecosystem substantially lowers the barriers to 
scaling advanced biofuels by leveraging existing 
infrastructure, supply chains, technical expertise and 
investment conﬁdence.
India is particularly well positioned to commercialise 
the Alcohol-to-Jet (ATJ) pathway, which is expected 
to play a pivotal role in the future SAF market. Under 
the internationally recognised ASTM D7566  
speciﬁcation, Alcohol-to-Jet Synthetic Paraﬃnic 
Kerosene (ATJ-SPK)  produced from ethanol and 
isobutanol is approved for blending with 
conventional Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF) at up to 
50%, enabling deployment through existing aircraft 
engines and airport fuel infrastructure without 
requiring modiﬁcations. As one of the world's largest 
ethanol producers with an integrated 
multi-feedstock ecosystem, India possesses a 
distinct competitive advantage in scaling ATJ-based 
SAF production. Leveraging its established ethanol 
infrastructure, abundant agricultural feedstocks and 
expanding second-generation ethanol capacity, India 
has the opportunity to transition from conventional 
biofuels to high-value renewable aviation fuels while 
strengthening its position in the global SAF value 
chain.
Beyond ATJ, India possesses one of the world's 
largest sustainable biomass resources, including 
sugarcane, grain, agricultural residues and 
lignocellulosic biomass, creating multiple pathways 
for SAF production. While current global commercial 
production is primarily based on Hydroprocessed 
Esters and Fatty Acids (HEFA) using waste oils and 
fats, the industry is progressively expanding towards 
advanced feedstocks including lignocellulosic 
biomass, municipal solid waste, renewable hydrogen 
and captured carbon dioxide (e-SAF). This diversiﬁed 
feedstock availability, combined with India's rapidly 
growing renewable energy sector, provides a strong 
platform for developing an integrated advanced 
biofuels ecosystem capable of serving both 
domestic and export markets.
Globally, SAF is expected to become the principal 
driver of aviation decarbonisation. According to the 
IATA Fly Net Zero roadmap, SAF is projected to 
contribute approximately 65% of cumulative 
aviation CO ₂ emission reductions by 2050 , 
substantially exceeding the contribution from new 
aircraft technologies, operational improvements,
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 56
[page 77]
A signiﬁcant development has been the introduction 
of the CBG Blending Obligation, which creates a 
phased and predictable demand pathway for 
renewable gas in the CNG transport and domestic 
PNG segments of City Gas Distribution networks. The 
obligation begins at 1% in FY 2025–26, rises to 3% in 
FY 2026–27 and 4% in FY 2027–28, and reaches 5% 
from FY 2028–29 onwards. A Central Repository 
Body is expected to oversee implementation and 
compliance. The extension of the CBG–CGD 
Synchronisation Scheme until 31 December 2047 
further strengthens long-term policy visibility and 
investment conﬁdence across the value chain.
Despite being the world's third-largest energy 
consumer, India's per capita natural gas consumption 
remains approximately 50 cubic metres per annum, 
compared with a global average of around 400 cubic 
metres, highlighting the substantial long-term 
opportunity for growth in gaseous fuels.
The demand fundamentals for CBG are closely linked 
to the continued expansion of India’s natural gas 
economy. In FY 2024–25, City Gas Distribution 
accounted for approximately 21% of the country’s 
natural gas consumption, while city gas demand 
increased at an average annual rate of around 10% 
over the preceding three years. CNG constituted 
approximately 60% of city gas consumption and 
remained its fastest-growing segment, registering 
average annual growth of about 22% between FY 
2021–22 and FY 2024–25.
Compressed Biogas (CBG) is emerging as an 
important pillar of India’s clean energy transition, 
combining the objectives of energy security, waste 
management, rural development and industrial 
decarbonisation. Produced by purifying and 
upgrading biogas generated from agricultural 
residues, animal manure, municipal solid waste, 
industrial eﬄuents and other organic feedstocks, 
CBG can meet natural gas quality standards and 
serve as a renewable, drop-in substitute for 
fossil-based natural gas.
CBG has the advantage of being compatible with 
existing gas infrastructure and end-use applications. 
It can be supplied through City Gas Distribution 
networks, injected into gas pipelines and used across 
transportation, domestic PNG, commercial 
establishments and industrial facilities. Its 
development therefore allows India to expand 
renewable gas consumption while leveraging much 
of the infrastructure already created for conventional 
natural gas.
Policy support for the sector was initiated through 
the Government of India’s Sustainable Alternative 
Towards Affordable Transportation (SATAT) 
programme, which sought to establish a commercial 
market for CBG through procurement by Oil 
Marketing Companies. The sector has since been 
supported by the GOBARdhan initiative, 
waste-to-energy programmes, the CBG–CGD 
Synchronisation Scheme and measures facilitating 
the injection of CBG into gas pipeline networks.
iii) Indian Compressed Biogas (CBG) Market
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 57
[page 78]
other agro-industrial by-products offer signiﬁcant 
production potential. The use of these resources can 
reduce open-ﬁeld burning, improve municipal and 
agricultural waste management, prevent 
uncontrolled methane emissions and create 
additional income streams for farmers and rural 
communities.
The circular-economy beneﬁts extend beyond 
renewable gas. CBG plants also produce bio-manure 
and fermented organic manure, which can support 
soil health, reduce dependence on chemical 
fertilisers and improve the overall economics of 
integrated biogas facilities. The sector therefore 
creates value across energy, agriculture, sanitation 
and environmental management rather than 
functioning solely as a fuel-production industry.
India’s CBG production has expanded meaningfully 
in recent years. Based on registered operating 
capacity and an assumed average plant capacity 
factor of approximately 35%, estimated production 
increased more than eightfold between 2020 and 
2025. However, operating utilisation across plants 
continues to vary widely, generally ranging between 
20% and 60%, compared with average utilisation 
levels above 80% in more mature European 
biomethane markets.
Improving plant utilisation will be central to the 
sector’s next phase of development. As the market 
matures, greater emphasis will be required on 
tracking actual production and operational 
performance rather than installed capacity alone. 
Stronger feedstock planning, technology selection, 
preventive maintenance, process optimisation and 
assured offtake will be necessary to improve project 
reliability and ﬁnancial performance.
Feedstock aggregation remains one of the sector’s 
principal challenges. Much of India’s agricultural 
residue is dispersed across small and fragmented 
landholdings, making collection, transportation and 
storage complex. Feedstocks are seasonal, have 
competing applications and may be available for 
collection only during short harvesting windows. 
This creates logistical pressure and can affect the 
ability of plants to maintain a consistent year-round 
supply.
Farmer Producer Organisations, cooperatives and 
locally anchored aggregators can play an important 
role in addressing these constraints. 
India currently has approximately 8,000 CNG 
stations, with a national ambition to expand the 
network to around 17,500 stations by 2030. CNG 
passenger vehicles have also gained considerable 
market acceptance, with their share of vehicle sales 
increasing from approximately 6.3% in 2020 to 19.5% 
in 2025. This expanding downstream network 
provides a strong platform for the progressive 
substitution of fossil CNG with domestically 
produced CBG.
Beyond mobility, signiﬁcant demand potential exists 
across industry. Fertilisers accounted for 
approximately 29% of India’s natural gas 
consumption in FY 2024–25, followed by reﬁneries 
and petrochemicals. In addition, nearly one-third of 
city gas was consumed by industrial users. CBG can 
substitute fossil natural gas, coal and oil across 
thermal and non-energy applications, particularly in 
fertilisers, reﬁning, petrochemicals, iron and steel, 
textiles and other energy-intensive industries.
This industrial opportunity is expected to strengthen 
as corporate decarbonisation commitments become 
more ambitious and India’s Carbon Credit Trading 
Scheme becomes operational. The use of certiﬁed 
renewable gas can enable industrial consumers to 
lower their emissions intensity while supporting 
compliance with emerging carbon reduction 
obligations. Over time, transparent certiﬁcation, 
guarantees of origin and credible lifecycle-emissions 
accounting will be important for distinguishing CBG 
from fossil natural gas and recognising its 
environmental attributes.
India possesses a substantial and diversiﬁed 
feedstock base for scaling the CBG sector. 
Agricultural residues, cattle dung, press mud, spent 
wash, municipal organic waste, wastewater and 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 58
[page 79]
The policy ecosystem is also evolving beyond 
demand creation towards strengthening the 
commercial viability of the CBG sector. Eligible 
projects under the SATAT and Ministry of New and 
Renewable Energy (MNRE) framework can avail 
Central Financial Assistance (CFA) of up to ₹4 crore 
for every 4.8 TPD of CBG production capacity, 
subject to a maximum assistance of ₹10 crore per 
plant, covering approximately 20–30% of the 
project cost. Complementing this, the Government 
has approved a Capital Outlay Package comprising 
the Biomass Aggregation Machinery (BAM) 
Scheme to strengthen feedstock collection and 
aggregation, and the Development of Pipeline 
Infrastructure (DPI) Scheme to facilitate CBG 
injection into City Gas Distribution (CGD) networks. 
In parallel, the proposed Sampoorn GOBARdhan 
Scheme aims to establish a comprehensive 
framework for the sector through assured CBG 
offtake, enhanced administered procurement 
prices, additional capital support for new projects, 
improved feedstock aggregation and logistics, and 
stronger market certainty. The proposed 
programme aims to increase the number of 
operational CBG plants from around 200 currently 
to approximately 700 over the next few years, while 
supporting India's longer-term ambition of 
establishing 5,000 CBG plants with an annual 
production capacity of 15 million metric tonnes by 
2030. Together with the CBG Blending Obligation 
and the extension of the CBG–CGD Synchronisation 
Scheme, these measures are expected to 
signiﬁcantly improve project bankability, accelerate 
private investment and strengthen the long-term 
growth prospects of India's CBG ecosystem.
By consolidating supply, diversifying feedstock 
sources and developing structured procurement 
arrangements, these institutions can improve 
project bankability and reduce supply-chain risks. 
Government support for crop-residue collection 
machinery has also helped improve access to 
biomass, although transportation, storage and 
densiﬁcation costs remain signiﬁcant.
Municipal solid waste presents a separate set of 
challenges, particularly inadequate segregation at 
source. The presence of plastics, inert materials 
and hazardous contaminants can reduce biogas 
yields, damage equipment and increase 
pretreatment costs. Scaling waste-based CBG will 
therefore require stronger urban waste segregation 
systems, predictable concession frameworks and 
closer coordination between producers and local 
authorities.
Cost competitiveness remains another important 
consideration. The levelised production cost of CBG 
is generally higher than the delivered price of 
conventional natural gas, while many of its 
environmental and social beneﬁts are not yet fully 
reﬂected in market prices. Feedstock costs, land 
acquisition, logistics, ﬁnancing and low plant 
utilisation can materially inﬂuence project 
economics.
The commercial case improves considerably when 
plants are developed close to dense and diversiﬁed 
feedstock sources, gas grids or assured local 
offtake. Multi-feedstock facilities can provide 
greater feedstock security and potentially improve 
yields, although they may require additional 
processing and logistics capabilities. Recognising 
environmental co-beneﬁts, creating long-term 
demand visibility and appropriately valuing organic 
fertiliser and waste-treatment services can further 
improve project viability.
The development of gas-market infrastructure will 
also shape the sector’s growth. Open access to gas 
grids, mass-balance mechanisms and credible 
book-and-claim systems could enable producers to 
supply industrial consumers without requiring a 
direct physical connection between each plant and 
end user. Renewable gas purchase agreements, 
supported by reliable registries and safeguards
against double counting, could create an additional 
corporate offtake market similar to renewable 
power purchase agreements.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 59
[page 80]
Looking ahead, CBG is expected to become an 
increasingly important component of India’s 
diversiﬁed energy system. The combination of a 
phased blending obligation, expanding City Gas 
Distribution infrastructure, strong transport 
demand, industrial decarbonisation requirements 
and growing international collaboration provides a 
credible long-term demand base.
The sector’s next phase will depend on moving from 
capacity creation to consistently high-performing 
assets. Stronger feedstock supply chains, better 
utilisation, transparent certiﬁcation, grid access, 
long-term offtake and mechanisms that recognise 
CBG’s environmental value will be essential. With 
these enablers in place, CBG can make a 
meaningful contribution to reducing natural gas 
imports, strengthening rural economies, improving 
waste management and advancing India’s 
transition towards a more secure, circular and 
low-carbon energy system.
Together with the CBG Blending Obligation and the 
extension of the CBG–CGD Synchronisation 
Scheme, these measures are expected to 
strengthen project bankability, improve value-chain 
eﬃciency, accelerate private investment and 
support the rapid expansion of India's CBG 
ecosystem.
The sector’s long-term potential has also attracted 
growing international collaboration. At the 16th 
India–Japan Annual Summit in July 2026 , the two 
countries launched the India–Japan Cooperative 
Biogas for Growth Initiative, aimed at advancing 
cooperation towards India’s goal of establishing 
1,000 biogas and organic fertiliser plants. The 
initiative reﬂects increasing international 
recognition of India’s renewable gas opportunity 
and is expected to support cooperation in 
technology, investment and ecosystem 
development. The oﬃcial summit outcomes also 
highlighted cooperation towards building demand 
for vehicles powered by biogas.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 60
[page 81]
chain. Incentives have been awarded for 3,000 MW 
per annum of domestic electrolyser manufacturing 
capacity and 8.62 lakh metric tonnes per annum of 
green hydrogen production capacity . In addition, 
long-term demand aggregation has been 
undertaken for 7.24 lakh metric tonnes per annum 
of green ammonia for the fertiliser sector, while 
green hydrogen supply has been awarded for public 
sector reﬁneries, demonstrating the Government's 
commitment to creating both production capacity 
and assured demand. Pilot projects have also been 
sanctioned across steel, mobility and maritime 
sectors, including the deployment of 37 
hydrogen-powered vehicles supported by nine 
hydrogen refuelling stations across ten routes.
To further strengthen the ecosystem, India has 
introduced the Green Hydrogen Certiﬁcation 
Scheme, established dedicated Green Hydrogen 
Hubs, expanded research and development 
funding, and introduced ﬁnancial incentives under 
the Strategic Interventions for Green Hydrogen 
Transition (SIGHT) programme. These initiatives 
are expected to accelerate technology 
development, encourage domestic manufacturing 
and enhance India's competitiveness in the global 
hydrogen economy.
Green hydrogen is emerging as a cornerstone of the 
global clean energy transition, offering one of the 
most viable pathways to decarbonise hard-to-abate 
sectors such as reﬁning, fertilisers, steel, 
chemicals, shipping and heavy mobility. As 
countries seek to simultaneously strengthen energy 
security, reduce carbon emissions and build 
resilient industrial value chains, green hydrogen is 
increasingly being recognised as a strategic energy 
vector that extends well beyond the power sector.
Recognising its transformative potential, the 
Government of India launched the National Green 
Hydrogen Mission (NGHM)  with the objective of 
positioning India as a global hub for the production, 
utilisation and export of green hydrogen and its 
derivatives. The Mission targets 5 million metric 
tonnes (MMT)  of annual green hydrogen 
production by 2030 , supported by approximately 
125 GW of dedicated renewable energy capacity. It 
is expected to attract investments exceeding ₹8 
lakh crore , create more than 6 lakh jobs, reduce 
fossil fuel imports by over ₹1 lakh crore annually, 
and abate nearly 50 million metric tonnes of 
greenhouse gas emissions each year.
The Mission has now entered the implementation 
phase with signiﬁcant progress across the value 
iv) Indian Green Hydrogen Market
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 61
[page 82]
As production economics continue to improve and 
international demand for low-carbon fuels 
accelerates, India is expected to emerge as a 
leading producer and exporter of green hydrogen, 
green ammonia and green methanol, while 
strengthening energy security, enhancing industrial 
competitiveness and supporting sustainable 
economic growth.
Looking ahead, green hydrogen is expected to 
complement other renewable energy pathways, 
including biofuels, in building a diversiﬁed and 
resilient low-carbon energy system. While biofuels 
will continue to play a critical role in decarbonising 
transportation and leveraging India's agricultural 
strengths, green hydrogen is expected to drive the 
decarbonisation of industrial processes and heavy 
transport. Together, these technologies are 
expected to form the foundation of India's transition 
towards a secure, self-reliant and globally 
competitive clean energy economy.
The global market for green hydrogen is expected 
to expand rapidly over the coming decades as 
countries accelerate efforts to decarbonise 
hard-to-abate sectors. According to the 
International Energy Agency (IEA), global hydrogen 
demand, which currently exceeds 100 million 
tonnes per annum, is expected to grow signiﬁcantly 
under announced policy scenarios, with 
low-emissions hydrogen playing an increasingly 
important role in reﬁning, fertilisers, steel, 
chemicals, shipping and aviation. Simultaneously, 
the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) 
projects that hydrogen and its derivatives could 
account for nearly 10-12% of global ﬁnal energy 
consumption by 2050, creating a substantial 
long-term market for producers capable of 
supplying competitively priced low-carbon 
molecules. India's expanding renewable energy 
capacity, favourable resource availability and 
supportive policy framework position the country 
to capitalise on this emerging global opportunity.
Looking ahead, the National Green Hydrogen 
Mission is expected to play a catalytic role in 
building an integrated hydrogen value chain that 
extends well beyond hydrogen production. 
Achieving the Mission's target of 5 MMT of annual 
green hydrogen production by 2030 will require 
approximately 125 GW of dedicated renewable 
energy capacity, creating substantial opportunities 
across renewable power generation, electrolyser 
manufacturing, engineering equipment, storage 
systems, transmission infrastructure, specialised 
transportation and downstream industries. Beyond 
its environmental beneﬁts, the Mission is expected 
to stimulate large-scale industrial investment, 
strengthen domestic supply chains and create a 
globally competitive manufacturing ecosystem for 
hydrogen technologies and their derivatives.
India is simultaneously creating the enabling 
infrastructure required for large-scale 
commercialisation of green hydrogen. The 
development of dedicated Green Hydrogen Hubs, 
integrated production, storage and transportation 
facilities, port-based export infrastructure and 
supportive policy mechanisms is laying the 
foundation for a robust hydrogen economy. 
Together with pilot projects across reﬁning, 
fertilisers, steel, mobility, shipping and power 
generation, collaborative research programmes 
involving leading academic and scientiﬁc 
institutions, and internationally aligned certiﬁcation 
standards, these initiatives are expected to 
accelerate technology adoption, improve investor 
conﬁdence and facilitate the development of a 
resilient hydrogen ecosystem spanning production, 
utilisation and exports.
India's structural advantages further reinforce its 
long-term growth potential. As the world's 
third-largest renewable energy market, with 
abundant solar and wind resources, a large 
industrial demand base, expanding port 
infrastructure and strong policy support, the country 
is well positioned to produce green hydrogen at 
globally competitive costs. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 62
[page 83]
used cooking oil generated by households, 
restaurants, hotels and the food processing 
industry towards biodiesel production through an 
organised collection and aggregation ecosystem. 
Besides improving food safety by preventing the 
reuse of degraded cooking oil, the initiative has 
created a sustainable domestic feedstock base for 
biodiesel production.
Demand creation has been supported through 
procurement by India's Oil Marketing Companies 
(OMCs), which periodically issue biodiesel 
procurement tenders under administered pricing 
mechanisms, providing long-term demand visibility 
for producers. In 2019, the Government further 
liberalised the sector by permitting private biodiesel 
manufacturers to market B100 biodiesel directly to 
bulk consumers, subject to prescribed fuel quality 
standards. This expanded market access beyond 
OMC procurement and encouraged greater 
participation by private producers, commercial 
ﬂeets, industrial users and captive consumers.
Several states have complemented the national 
policy framework through dedicated ﬁscal and 
capital incentives. Uttar Pradesh introduced 
production-linked incentives under its Bioenergy 
Policy to encourage investment in biodiesel 
manufacturing. Maharashtra's Integrated Bioenergy 
Policy provides signiﬁcant capital assistance for 
biodiesel production facilities through 
India has identiﬁed biodiesel as a strategic 
component of its long-term energy transition, 
complementing ethanol in reducing dependence on 
imported crude oil, enhancing energy security and 
supporting the decarbonisation of the 
transportation sector. While ethanol has emerged 
as the primary biofuel for gasoline substitution, 
biodiesel is expected to play an increasingly 
important role in reducing emissions from 
diesel-intensive sectors such as commercial 
transportation, agriculture, mining, railways, 
shipping and industrial applications, where 
electriﬁcation remains challenging.
Policy support for biodiesel gained signiﬁcant 
momentum with the introduction of the National 
Policy on Biofuels, 2018 , which established an 
indicative target of achieving 5% biodiesel blending 
with diesel by 2030. The policy expanded the range 
of eligible feedstocks beyond conventional 
vegetable oils to include used cooking oil (UCO), 
non-edible vegetable oils, acid oils, animal tallow, 
tree-borne oils and other waste-derived 
feedstocks, promoting resource eﬃciency, waste 
valorisation and a circular economy while reducing 
reliance on imported fossil fuels.
To strengthen feedstock availability, the Food 
Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) 
launched the Repurpose Used Cooking Oil (RUCO)
initiative in 2018. The programme aims to channel 
v) Indian Biodiesel Market
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 63
[page 84]
Beyond conventional biodiesel, India is also 
exploring advanced renewable fuels such as 
renewable diesel (HVO) and isobutanol, which offer 
enhanced fuel properties and wider applications 
across the transport and chemical sectors. 
Isobutanol, in particular, is gaining attention as a 
next-generation biofuel owing to its higher energy 
density, lower water aﬃnity and superior blending 
characteristics compared with conventional 
ethanol. It also serves as a valuable platform 
chemical for the production of sustainable aviation 
fuel (SAF), renewable solvents, coatings, plastics 
and specialty chemicals. As technology matures 
and commercial deployment accelerates, these 
advanced fuels are expected to complement India's 
existing biofuels programme and expand the 
country's renewable fuels portfolio.
The long-term outlook for the sector remains 
favourable as India advances its broader energy 
transition and circular economy agenda. Growing 
urbanisation, rising generation of waste-based 
feedstocks, strengthening collection networks and 
increasing investments across the biodiesel value 
chain are expected to improve feedstock security 
and production eﬃciency.
investment-linked incentives for plant and 
machinery, while Madhya Pradesh's Biofuels 
Scheme extends capital subsidies for establishing 
new biodiesel manufacturing projects. These policy 
interventions are aimed at accelerating private 
investment, strengthening regional feedstock 
supply chains and creating distributed biodiesel 
production capacity across the country.
India has set an indicative target of achieving 5% 
biodiesel blending by 2030 . Current biodiesel 
blending levels are estimated to be in the range of 
approximately 0.57%–0.73%, reﬂecting the sector's 
early stage of development and the ongoing need to 
strengthen feedstock aggregation, organised 
collection infrastructure and production 
economics. Nevertheless, the signiﬁcant gap 
between the current blending level and the national 
target represents a substantial long-term growth 
opportunity. Continued expansion of the UCO 
ecosystem, increasing availability of non-edible 
feedstocks, enhanced OMC procurement and 
growing private sector participation are expected to 
accelerate biodiesel deployment over the coming 
decade.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 64
[page 85]
2,000 crore litres per annum through a combination 
of grain-based, sugar-based and dual-feed 
distilleries. This remarkable transformation has 
generated signiﬁcant foreign exchange savings, 
reduced crude oil imports, strengthened domestic 
energy security and created sustainable income 
opportunities for millions of farmers.
Perhaps more importantly, India has built one of the 
world's most integrated biofuels ecosystems. The 
sector today extends well beyond conventional 
ethanol production and encompasses feedstock 
cultivation, biomass aggregation, logistics, 
processing infrastructure, technology development, 
fuel distribution and long-term offtake mechanisms. 
The transition towards multi-feedstock processing 
has signiﬁcantly improved operational ﬂexibility, 
enabling producers to optimise feedstock utilisation 
based on seasonal availability and market dynamics 
while strengthening supply chain resilience.
India also enjoys one of the world's strongest 
structural advantages for future biofuels growth its 
abundant and diversiﬁed feedstock base. The 
country generates nearly 750 million metric tonnes 
of biomass annually, of which an estimated 228 
million metric tonnes is available as surplus 
biomass for energy applications. This includes 
agricultural residues, crop waste, sugarcane 
by-products, grain residues, municipal solid waste 
and other renewable feedstocks that provide the 
foundation for scaling second-generation ethanol, 
compressed biogas (CBG), Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel (SAF), renewable chemicals and other 
advanced bio-based products. The productive 
utilisation of these resources not only reduces 
environmental impacts such as crop residue 
burning but also creates additional income streams 
for farmers while strengthening India's circular 
economy.
The sector is now entering a new phase of evolution. 
Having successfully established a robust 
ﬁrst-generation ethanol ecosystem, policy and 
industry attention is increasingly shifting towards 
advanced biofuels. The Government has introduced 
the Compressed Biogas Blending Obligation 
(CBGO), announced a phased roadmap for 
India has emerged as one of the world's most 
compelling biofuels growth stories, driven by a 
combination of visionary policymaking, abundant 
renewable resources, expanding industrial 
capabilities and strong public-private collaboration. 
Over the past decade, the country's biofuels sector 
has evolved from a programme focused primarily on 
fuel blending into a comprehensive renewable fuels 
ecosystem that is increasingly central to India's 
energy security, economic resilience, climate 
ambitions and industrial competitiveness.
For India, biofuels represent far more than an 
alternative source of energy. They are a strategic 
national priority that addresses multiple objectives 
simultaneously reducing dependence on imported 
crude oil, improving the country's trade balance, 
enhancing farmer incomes, promoting rural 
industrialisation, strengthening circular economy 
practices and accelerating the transition towards a 
low-carbon economy. This multi-dimensional value 
proposition has positioned biofuels at the heart of 
India's long-term development agenda, supporting 
the vision of Viksit Bharat 2047, Atmanirbhar Bharat 
and the commitment to achieve Net Zero emissions 
by 2070.
Recognising these strategic advantages, the 
Government has established one of the world's most 
progressive policy frameworks for biofuels. The 
National Policy on Biofuels, the Ethanol Blended 
Petrol (EBP) Programme, feedstock diversiﬁcation 
initiatives, capacity expansion schemes, viability gap 
funding, assured procurement mechanisms and 
long-term pricing frameworks have collectively 
created a stable and investment-friendly ecosystem 
that has encouraged substantial private sector 
participation across the value chain.
These policy interventions have translated into 
measurable outcomes. During Ethanol Supply Year 
(ESY) 2025–26 , India successfully achieved 20% 
ethanol blending (E20) , ﬁve years ahead of the 
original target. Over the past decade, ethanol 
procurement by Oil Marketing Companies has 
increased from approximately 38 crore litres to more 
than 1,200 crore litres, while installed ethanol 
production capacity has expanded to nearly 
Business Environment Outlook 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 65
[page 86]
Sector Outlook
The global energy transition is entering a new phase 
where energy security, industrial competitiveness 
and decarbonisation are increasingly being pursued 
in parallel rather than in isolation. In this evolving 
landscape, biofuels are expected to play a central 
role in enabling countries to reduce fossil fuel 
dependence while supporting economic growth, 
supply chain resilience and climate commitments. 
Unlike many emerging energy technologies that 
require extensive infrastructure transformation, 
biofuels offer an immediately deployable and 
scalable pathway to decarbonisation by leveraging 
existing production, distribution and end-use 
infrastructure.
India is exceptionally well positioned to capitalise on 
this structural shift. Having successfully established 
one of the world's largest and most integrated 
ethanol ecosystems, the country's renewable fuels 
industry is now transitioning from conventional fuel 
blending towards a broader bioeconomy 
encompassing advanced biofuels, renewable 
chemicals, bio-based materials and sustainable 
industrial products. This transition reﬂects a 
strategic evolution from import substitution to value 
creation, positioning biofuels not merely as 
transportation fuels but as an essential pillar of 
India's future industrial and energy architecture.
The successful achievement of the E20 blending 
milestone marks the beginning of this next phase. 
Recent regulatory developments including the 
nationwide rollout of E20 fuel, the introduction of 
higher ethanol fuel speciﬁcations (E22, E25, E27 and 
E30), the certiﬁcation of vehicles capable of 
operating on up to E100 ethanol, the regulatory 
framework enabling Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) 
blending, and long-term policy support for 
Compressed Biogas (CBG)—collectively 
demonstrate the Government's commitment to 
building a comprehensive and future-ready 
renewable fuels ecosystem. These measures are 
expected to strengthen investment conﬁdence, 
improve asset utilisation, encourage technological 
innovation and create long-term demand across 
multiple renewable fuel segments.
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), expanded support 
under the Pradhan Mantri JI-VAN Yojana for 
second-generation biofuels, and continues to 
encourage investments in advanced bioreﬁneries 
capable of producing multiple renewable products 
from a single feedstock. These initiatives reﬂect a 
broader transition from conventional biofuel 
production towards an integrated bioeconomy.
India's leadership is also extending beyond domestic 
market development. Through the Global Biofuels 
Alliance, launched during India's G20 Presidency, the 
country has assumed a leading role in shaping 
international collaboration on sustainable fuels. The 
Alliance seeks to harmonise sustainability 
standards, facilitate technology transfer, mobilise 
investments and promote global adoption of 
biofuels, reinforcing India's position as both a major 
producer and an inﬂuential architect of the global 
renewable fuels ecosystem.
Looking ahead, India's biofuels sector is expected to 
evolve from a domestic blending programme into a 
globally competitive renewable fuels industry. The 
convergence of abundant feedstock resources, 
policy stability, technological innovation, expanding 
infrastructure, increasing private investment and 
favourable global demand creates a compelling 
platform for long-term growth. As the world 
accelerates its transition towards low-carbon energy 
systems, India is uniquely positioned not only to 
meet its domestic energy security and 
decarbonisation objectives but also to emerge as a 
leading global hub for ethanol, Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel, compressed biogas, renewable chemicals and 
next-generation bio-based manufacturing.
The Indian biofuels sector today represents one of 
the country's most signiﬁcant structural growth 
opportunities. It combines strong policy support with 
demonstrated execution, world-scale feedstock 
availability, expanding industrial capability and 
increasing global relevance. For industry 
participants and investors alike, it offers a unique 
opportunity to participate in one of the deﬁning 
transformations of the global energy landscape 
while contributing to India's emergence as a resilient, 
self-reliant and sustainable energy economy.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 66
[page 87]
shaping international standards, promoting 
technology collaboration and facilitating 
investment across the global renewable fuels 
ecosystem. As sustainability regulations become 
more stringent and global demand for low-carbon 
fuels continues to accelerate, India is well 
positioned to emerge not only as one of the world's 
largest consumers of biofuels but also as a 
competitive producer and exporter of advanced 
renewable fuels and bio-based products.
The convergence of policy stability, abundant 
renewable resources, technological innovation, 
expanding infrastructure and increasing private 
sector participation creates a compelling long-term 
growth trajectory for the sector. More importantly, 
biofuels are increasingly being recognised as a 
strategic instrument of economic resilience, 
strengthening energy independence, reducing 
import dependence, enhancing rural prosperity and 
supporting industrial decarbonisation 
simultaneously.
The next decade is therefore expected to witness 
the emergence of biofuels as a foundational pillar 
of India's clean energy economy. With one of the 
world's strongest policy frameworks, an integrated 
renewable fuels ecosystem and unparalleled 
feedstock availability, India is uniquely positioned to 
lead the next phase of the global bioeconomy. For 
industry participants and investors alike, the sector 
represents not merely a growth opportunity, but a 
long-term structural transformation that will shape 
the future of sustainable energy, manufacturing and 
industrial development.
Looking ahead, the next wave of growth is expected 
to be driven by advanced biofuels, particularly 
second-generation ethanol, Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel (SAF), compressed biogas, renewable diesel 
and bio-based chemicals. India's abundant 
agricultural resources, diversiﬁed biomass 
availability, integrated ethanol infrastructure and 
expanding renewable energy capacity provide a 
unique competitive advantage for commercialising 
these technologies at scale. The country's robust 
ﬁrst-generation ethanol ecosystem also creates a 
natural platform for Alcohol-to-Jet (ATJ) 
technology, positioning India favourably to 
participate in the rapidly expanding global SAF 
market.
The biofuels sector is also expected to play an 
increasingly important role in strengthening India's 
manufacturing competitiveness. As industries 
worldwide seek sustainable alternatives to 
fossil-derived carbon, biomass is emerging as a 
critical feedstock for the production of renewable 
fuels, green chemicals, sustainable polymers, 
bio-based solvents and other high-value products. 
This evolution signiﬁcantly expands the 
addressable market beyond transportation fuels 
and reinforces the strategic importance of 
integrated bioreﬁneries capable of producing 
multiple value-added products from a common 
renewable feedstock.
India's growing leadership on the global stage 
further enhances this opportunity. Through 
initiatives such as the Global Biofuels Alliance, the 
country is playing an increasingly inﬂuential role in 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 67

[page 88]
In 2019, the targets were revised to selling 10% 
ethanol blended petrol by 2022 and 20% by 2030; 
however, the government achieved its 2022 stated 
targets and has taken several measures to prepone 
the existing target of 20% blending in 2030 to 2025. 
In addition to these efforts, the Government is also 
using taxes and duties to encourage ethanol usage 
and boost the market for ethanol. For instance, an 
additional basic excise duty of ₹2/ litre is being 
levied on unblended petrol (not blended with ethanol 
or methanol) intended for retail sale with effect from 
November 1, 2022, showcasing the Government’s 
commitment towards bringing ethanol to the 
forefront.
To increase indigenous production of ethanol, the 
Government since 2014 took multiple interventions 
including administered price mechanism, opening 
alternate route for ethanol production, amendment 
to Industries (Development and Regulation) Act, 
1951 which legislates exclusive control of 
denatured ethanol by the Central Government, 
reduction in GST from 18% to 5%, notification of 
National Policy on Biofuels – 2018, increasing 
scope of raw material for ethanol procurement, 
interest subvention scheme for enhancement and 
augmentation of ethanol production capacity and 
extension of EBP Programme to whole of India 
except islands of Andaman Nicobar & Lakshadweep 
with effect from April 1, 2019. (Source: CRISIL 
Report) It has been decided that the price of ethanol 
derived from damaged and surplus food grains has 
to be fixed by oil marketing companies ("OMCs").
Interest cost subsidy for setting up ethanol plants - 
Under the ‘scheme for extending financial 
assistance to sugar mills for augmentation of 
ethanol production capacity’, the Government of 
India extends soft loan to the mills for setting up 
new distilleries/ expansion and installation of 
incineration boilers or installation of any method as 
approved by central pollution control board for zero 
liquid discharge and interest cost subsidy on the 
loans to be extended by banks for five years 
including a one-year moratorium. 
PLI Incentive - To increase the production of ethanol 
in the country and achieve the much-stated target of 
20% blending by 2025, the Government has 
announced several schemes for the aligning 
Policies for First Generation (1G) Ethanol 
& Biodiesel 
National Biofuels Policy  - The National Biofuels 
Policy 2018 aims to reduce India's fossil fuel 
dependence, promote cleaner energy, and ensure 
energy security. It targets 20% ethanol blending with 
petrol by 2025 and 5% biodiesel blending with diesel 
by 2030. The policy encourages diverse feedstocks, 
prioritizing non-food sources.The 2022 amendment 
expanded feedstocks to include agricultural 
residues, forestry residues, and industrial wastes, 
and added advanced biofuels like 2G ethanol and 
compressed biogas (CBG). Financial incentives 
include subsidies, tax reductions, viability gap 
funding, and interest subvention, with additional 
incentives to attract private investment and 
favorable loan terms.
Ethanol Blended Petrol ("EBP") Programme  -The 
EBP programme was launched in 2003, aiming to 
promote the use of environmentally friendly 
alternative fuels and reduce import dependency for 
energy requirements. Under the EBP program, the 
government undertook several measures like 
re-introducing administered price mechanisms, 
exploring alternate routes to ethanol production 
and differential pricing mechanism for ethanol 
products. The government also introduced several 
schemes to reduce the price of ethanol blended 
petrol like reduction in GST on ethanol for EBP and 
interest subvention scheme. Furthermore, the 
government has released long term procurement 
targets for ethanol. 
Key Government Policies
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 68
[page 89]
Under the New Industrial Policy 2020–2025, the 
government has also introduced the Production 
Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme for automotive & auto 
component industry, speciﬁcally for ﬂex fuel engine 
(capable of running ethanol 85 (E85) fuel) 
manufacturers, providing them with tax incentives. 
This move is expected to accelerate introduction of 
Flex Fuel vehicles in India, thus, growing the demand 
for ethanol in the country.
To further enhance the biofuel roadmap of India, 
Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan governments have 
come up with speciﬁc ethanol policies, providing 
incentive packages & subsidies of around Rs 1.5 
per litre of ethanol produced for a period of 7-10 
years.
Price setting and subsidy for Potash Derived from 
Molasses (PDM), a potassium rich fertilizer derived 
from ash in molasses-based distilleries, is a 
by-product of the sugar-based ethanol industry. The 
potash-rich ash can be processed to produce PDM 
having 14.5% potash content and can be used by 
farmers in the field as an alternative to MOP 
(Muriate of Potash with 60% potash content). The 
Central Government has facilitated a mutually 
agreed price of PDM at ₹4263/ MT for sale by sugar 
mills to fertilizer companies for the current year. In 
addition, PDM Manufacturers can also claim 
subsidy at ₹345/ Ton at present rates under 
Nutrients Based Subsidy Scheme (NBS) of 
Department of Fertilizers. The idea behind these 
efforts of the government is to facilitate long-term 
sale/ purchase agreement on PDM between sugar 
mills and fertilizer companies.
industry, ultimately benefiting the ethanol 
production in the country. One of the incentives 
under the scheme is providing soft loans to sugar 
mills and a single-window mechanism for expedited 
regulatory clearance for building grain-based 
distilleries across the country. 
Ethanol Interest Subvention Schemes  have been 
introduced between 2018 and 2022, incentivizing 
entrepreneurs to establish new distilleries or 
expand existing ones. These schemes provide an 
interest subvention, which is borne by the 
Government of India of 6% or 50% of the 
interestcharged by banks/financial institutions for 
five years, whichever is lower, accompanied by a 
one-year moratorium.
Under the New Industrial Policy 2025, Government 
of Karnataka has introduced a scheme where 
certain industries receive an incentive of 1.75% of 
their gross revenue for actively participating in and 
supporting the state's economy and job creation 
initiatives. (Source: CRISIL Report) Under the 
Government of Karnataka's scheme, if a company 
has a topline of ₹1,000 crore in a ﬁnancial year, it 
would receive incentives beneﬁtting it to the tune of 
₹17.5 crore. 
Special incentives package - The Government of 
Karnataka has granted a special incentives 
package for us effective from May 2023, 
concerning our ethanol production plants, which 
have collectively been recognized as a Super Mega 
Enterprise under the Industrial Policy 2020-2025. 
The incentives include a five-year exemption or 
reimbursement of all kinds of applicable stamp 
duty and registration charges, in addition to other 
incentives in line with the New Industrial Policy 
2020-2025.
Exemption of excise duty The Central Board of 
Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC), in July 2022, 
exempted the excise duty on 12% ethanol blended 
petrol and 15% ethanol blended petrol in order to 
support the ethanol production in the country.
Ethanol projects under priority sector lending 
Some State Governments have also included 
ethanol projects under priority sector lending which 
has encouraged banks to sanction loans for ethanol 
projects.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 69
[page 90]
plants. These include introducing extra excise duty 
on non-blended fuels, ensuring a guaranteed offtake 
for 15 years to private stakeholders through Ethanol 
Purchase Agreements signed by OMCs, diversifying 
the feedstock for 2G ethanol production, 
establishing a distinct price for 2G ethanol, reducing 
the GST rate to 5% on ethanol for the EBP 
Programme, and more. To accelerate innovation in 
the biofuels sector and attract greater investment, 
the Union Cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Shri 
Narendra Modi, approved the modiﬁed Pradhan 
Mantri JI-VAN Yojana in August 2024.
The revised scheme extends its implementation 
timeline by ﬁve years, up to FY 2028–29, and 
broadens its scope to include advanced biofuels 
derived from lignocellulosic feedstocks such as 
agricultural and forestry residues, industrial waste, 
syngas, and algae. It also brings “bolt-on” units and 
brownﬁeld projects under its ambit, allowing 
experienced players to enhance viability and scale 
operations. To encourage innovation and feedstock 
diversiﬁcation, the scheme will now prioritize 
proposals featuring novel technologies and 
emerging solutions.
By enabling value creation from agri-residues, 
curbing pollution, fostering rural employment, and 
strengthening India’s energy independence, the 
modiﬁed JI-VAN Yojana aligns with the nation’s 
broader objectives of sustainability and 
self-reliance. It also advances India’s net-zero vision 
for 2070 and reinforces the Make in India mission by 
promoting indigenous biofuel technology 
development. This renewed push underlines the 
Government of India’s commitment to building a 
Interest cost subsidy for setting up ethanol plants 
Under the ‘scheme for extending ﬁnancial 
assistance to sugar mills for augmentation of 
ethanol production capacity’, the government of 
India extends soft loan to the mills for setting up 
new distilleries/ expansion and installation of 
incineration boilers or installation of any method as 
approved by central pollution control board for zero 
liquid discharge. The government offers an interest 
subvention of 6% per annum or 50% of the rate of 
interest charged by banks, whichever is lower, for a 
period of ﬁve years.
Key Policies for Second (2G) Generation Ethanol
India is at the cusp of transforming to the 2nd 
Generation of Biofuel, due to recent government 
mandates and introduction of the policy “Pradhan 
Mantri JI-VAN (Jaiv Indhan- Vatavaran Anukool fasal 
awashesh Nivaran) Yojana” ("PM JI-VAN Yojana") 
for funds providing an initial push to the 2G ethanol 
capacity in India and attract further investments in 
the sector. Under the scheme, ﬁnancial support to 
twelve integrated 2G Bio-ethanol Projects with a 
total ﬁnancial outlay of ₹1,969.5 crore for the period 
2018-19 to 2023-24 has been provided. The PM 
JI-VAN Yojana initiative has been introduced, which 
establishes a maximum ﬁnancial aid of ₹150 crore 
for commercial projects and ₹15 crore for 
demonstration projects, and aims to enhance the 
economic viability of projects and foster research 
and development in the realm of 2G ethanol 
production technologies. 
Apart from the ﬁnancial assistance granted through 
the PM JI-VAN Yojana, various measures have been 
implemented to encourage the growth of ethanol
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 70
[page 91]
Liquid Biofuel (Ethanol & Sustainable Aviation Fuel) Policies in India
Policy / Initiative Year Main Ministry / 
Agency Key Information
Administered Price 
Mechanism (APM) 
for Ethanol
2014 (integrated 
into EBP in 2019) MoPNG
Introduced administered pricing for ethanol supplied 
under the Ethanol Blended Petrol (EBP) Programme 
to improve commercial viability and ensure assured 
procurement.
National Policy on 
Biofuels (NPB)
2018 (amended 
2022) MoPNG
Established India’s biofuel framework with targets 
of 20% ethanol blending by ESY 2025–26 and 5% 
biodiesel blending by 2030. The 2022 amendment 
expanded approved feedstocks and included 
advanced biofuels such as 2G ethanol, Compressed 
Biogas (CBG) and third-generation biofuels.
GST Reduction on 
Ethanol for EBP 2018 GST Council / 
MoPNG
Reduced GST on ethanol supplied under the EBP 
Programme from 18% to 5%, improving project 
economics.
Scheme to Enhance 
Ethanol Distillation 
Capacity & Interest 
Subvention
2018
Ministry of 
Consumer Affairs, 
Food & Public 
Distribution
Introduced interest subvention and soft loans for 
establishing new distilleries, expanding ethanol 
production capacity and supporting zero liquid 
discharge systems.
Feedstocks for 
Ethanol Production
2018–2020 MoPNG
Permitted ethanol production from B-heavy molasses, 
sugarcane juice, sugar syrup, damaged food grains, 
and supply security.
Ethanol Blended 
Petrol (EBP) 
Programme
2019 MoPNG
Expanded nationwide with differential pricing based 
on feedstock, administered pricing and assured 
procurement by Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs).
Long-Term Ethanol 
Procurement Policy 2019–2023 MoPNG
Introduced long-term procurement by OMCs through 
pricing and assured offtake, providing investment 
certainty for ethanol producers.
Roadmap for 
Ethanol Blending in 
India 2020–25
2021 MoPNG
Advanced India’s E20 blending target from 2030 
to ESY 2025–26 and laid out the implementation 
roadmap.
Extension of the 
EBP Programme 
Across India
2021 MoPNG
Extended the EBP Programme across the 
country (except Andaman & Nicobar Islands and 
Lakshadweep), accelerating nationwide ethanol 
blending.
Additional Basic 
Excise Duty on 
Unblended Petrol
2022 Ministry of Finance
Levied an additional Basic Excise Duty of ₹2 per 
litre on unblended petrol intended for retail sale, 
encouraging supply and consumption of ethanol-
blended petrol.
Excise Duty 
Exemption for E12 
& E15 Petrol
2022 Ministry of Finance
Exempted petrol blended with 12% and 15% ethanol 
from central excise duty to facilitate the phased 
transition towards higher ethanol blends.
Pradhan Mantri JI-
VAN Yojana
2019 
(amended 2024) MoPNG commercial-scale second-generation (2G) ethanol 
projects using lignocellulosic biomass.
Global Biofuels 
Alliance (GBA) 2023 Government of 
India (G20 Initiative)
Launched during India’s G20 Presidency to promote 
global cooperation on sustainable biofuels through 
technology collaboration, sustainability standards 
and market development.
Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel (SAF) 
Blending Roadmap
2023 MoPNG & Ministry 
of Civil Aviation
Established India’s SAF roadmap with blending 
targets of 1% by 2027, 2% by 2028 and 5% by 2030 
for international aviation.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 71

[page 92]
Policy / Initiative Year Main Ministry / 
Agency Key Information
Scheme for 
Cooperative Sugar 
Mills
2025
Ministry of 
Consumer Affairs, 
Food & Public 
Distribution
Provides interest subvention for converting sugar-
based ethanol plants into multi-feedstock facilities 
capable of processing grains and other feedstocks.
Export Policy for 
Second-Generation 
Ethanol
2025 MoPNG Permitted exports of second-generation ethanol to 
support commercialisation of advanced biofuels.
E20 Ethanol 
Blended Petrol 
IS 17021:2018 
Amendment No. 5
2026
MoPNG & Bureau 
of Indian Standards 
(BIS)
Mandated nationwide sale of E20 petrol (minimum 
RON 95) and standardised homogeneous 20 ±1% 
E20 Compliance 
Requirements for 
Imported Vehicles
2026
Ministry of Road 
Transport & 
Highways (MoRTH)
Required imported petrol passenger vehicles and 
two-wheelers to demonstrate emission compliance 
on E20 fuel and certify compatibility of fuel-system 
and engine components with 20% ethanol-blended 
petrol.
CMVR 
Amendments for 
Higher Ethanol 
Blend Vehicles 
(E20–E100)
2026 MoRTH
Proposed amendments to the Central Motor Vehicles 
with E20 to E100 fuels, updating emission standards 
and establishing the regulatory framework for pure 
ethanol-powered vehicles.
Permit Exemption 
for Alternative Fuel 
Transport Vehicles
2026 MoRTH
Exempted transport vehicles powered by electricity, 
ethanol, methanol and hydrogen from permit 
requirements under Section 66(1) of the Motor 
Vehicles Act for seven years, subject to installation of 
AIS-140 compliant Vehicle Location Tracking Devices 
(VLTDs).
Amendment to 
Aviation Turbine 
Fuel (ATF) Control 
Order
2026 MoPNG (ATF) to include blends containing synthesised 
hydrocarbons, establishing the regulatory framework 
for Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) in India.
BIS Standards for 
Higher Ethanol 
Blends (E22, E25, 
E27 & E30)
2026 Bureau of Indian 
Standards (BIS)
Introduced Indian Standards for E22, E25, E27 and 
E30 gasoline, creating the regulatory framework for 
progressive adoption of ethanol blends beyond E20.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 72
[page 93]
CBG initiatives have the potential to produce carbon 
credits via the Clean Development Mechanism 
established by the United Nations Framework 
Convention on Climate Change - these carbon 
credits can be marketed to organizations and 
governments seeking to neutralize their carbon 
emissions, offering an extra income stream for CBG 
projects.
 
CBG projects fall under Agriculture infrastructure as 
per RBI guidelines. Loans to agriculture 
infrastructure are being classified under priority 
sector lending which has encouraged banks to 
sanction loans for CBG projects.
 
Market Development Assistance - The Department 
of Fertilizers has introduced a Market Development 
Assistance ("MDA'') scheme with an outlay of 
₹1,451.82 crore for three years, from Fiscal 2024 to 
Fiscal 2026. Under this scheme, an MDA of 
₹1500/MT will be granted for the sale of FOM, liquid 
FOM, phosphate-rich organic manure produced at 
biogas/CBG plants under the GOBARdhan initiative.
Department of Agriculture, & Farmers Welfare: 
Agri-Infra Fund - The Department of Agriculture & 
Farmers Welfare has introduced a new Scheme 
under the National Agriculture Infra Financing 
Facility called Agriculture Infrastructure Fund 
("AIF"). The AIF offers financial assistance for 
investments in viable projects related to 
post-harvest management infrastructure and 
community farming assets. CBG is among the 
eligible projects under the community farming 
assets project. All loans obtained through this 
financing facility will benefit from a 3% per annum 
interest subvention, capped at a loan amount of ₹2 
crores. This subvention will be applicable for a 
maximum duration of 7 years.
Policies for the CBG Sector :
Sustainable Alternative Towards Affordable 
Transportation scheme introduced by the 
Government of India in 2018 (“SATAT”)  - The 
SATAT initiative's ambitious target is to produce 15 
million metric tonnes per annum ("MMTPA") of CBG 
and a remarkable 50 MMTPA of bio-manure. The 
scheme envisages setting up of 5,000 CBG plants 
for production of 15 MMTPA of CBG by 2025, with 
an envisaged initial outlay of
₹ 30,000 crore for setting up of 900 plants in the 
first phase. As of March 2023, oil and gas marketing 
companies participating in the scheme have been 
issued 4,090 Letter of Intent and 58 CBG plants 
have been commissioned. SATAT scheme invites 
individuals or corporations to set up CBG plants, 
produce and supply CBG to OMCs.
CBG Blending Obligation  - In November 2023, the 
Government of India made it mandatory for the City 
Gas Distribution ("CGD") sector to blend CBG into 
the CNG (transport) and PNG (domestic) segments. 
This significant move aims to promote sustainable 
energy practices nationwide. Under the CBG 
Blending Obligation ("CBO"), CGD entities are 
required to mix CBG with natural gas, with the 
blending percentages gradually increasing over 
time. Initially starting as a voluntary effort until 
Fiscal 2025, the CBO mandates blend percentages 
of 1%, 3%, and 4% for Fiscal 2026, 2027 and 2028, 
respectively, and by Fiscal 2029, this obligation 
rises to 5%. Furthermore, until the CGD network is 
fully operational across the country, CBG marketed 
separately by all CGD entities will also count 
towards meeting the blending obligation.
CBD-CGD Synchronisation Scheme – The Ministry 
of Petroleum and Natural Gas has issued policy 
guidelines dated April 9, 2021 and October 26, 2021 
for synchronization of CBG produced by plants in 
CGD networks. (Source: CRISIL Report) GAIL has 
been mandated to operationalize the Synchro 
Scheme and supply biogas/CBG co-mingled with 
domestic gas at Uniform Base Price to all CGD 
entities for use in CNG (Transport) and PNG 
(Domestic) segments of CGD network. The term of 
CBG-CGD Synchro Scheme has been further 
extended by 10 years.  In February 2023, in an effort 
to prevent the stacking of taxes on blended CNG, 
the Ministry of Finance granted an exemption from 
excise duty on the portion equivalent to the GST 
paid on CBG when mixed with CNG.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 73
[page 94]
Financial Assistance to CBG Producers for 
Procurement of Biomass Aggregation Machinery 
The Biomass Aggregation Machinery Scheme, 
administered by the Ministry of Petroleum & Natural 
Gas through the Centre for High Technology (CHT), 
provides financial support for CBG plants to procure 
agricultural residue collection and aggregation 
equipment. The aim is to ensure steady biomass 
supply for CBG production, reduce stubble burning, 
and improve feedstock logistics.
Financial Assistance: 50% of the cost of 
eligible machinery or ₹90 lakh per 
set—whichever is lower—subject to a 
maximum of ₹9 crore per project (on a 
pro-rata basis).
Eligibility: CBG plants (existing or under 
construction) with capacity ≥2 TPD using at 
least 50% biomass or 3,000 MT/year, 
registered on the GOBARdhan portal. Projects 
must have achieved minimum physical 
progress (25–50% depending on stage).
Eligible Machinery: Includes cutters, rakers, 
balers, tractors with attachments, trolleys, 
loaders, shredders, moisture meters, and 
related safety equipment.
Disbursement: Phased release—mobilization 
advance up to 10% (against bank guarantee), 
balance in installments based on progress 
milestones.
Scheme Duration: Applicable for FY 2023–24 
to FY 2026–27, supporting the first 100 
biomass-dependent CBG plants.
Additionally, in 2023, India introduced the 2023 
Carbon Credit Trading Scheme, encompassing both 
compliance and voluntary sectors. However, the 
compliance segment is scheduled to commence in 
2025-26 and there is no set timeline for the launch of 
the voluntary carbon market. Nevertheless, it shows 
the intent towards sustainability. Under India’s 
revised carbon market scheme, obligated entities 
have the flexibility to purchase additional credits or 
sell surplus ones. Meanwhile, businesses can trade 
CCCs to offset their emissions. Such schemes will 
further boost green fuels and energies once they are 
brought into action.
Scheme for Development of Pipeline Infrastructure 
for injection of Compressed Biogas (CBG) in City 
Gas Distribution (CGD) network -  The Ministry of 
Petroleum and Natural Gas announced a financial 
outlay of ₹994.50 crore during the period of FY 
2023-24 and FY 2025-26 for creating CBG CGD grid 
connectivity for 100 CBG projects and create 
ecosystem for offtake of CBG with reduced logistic 
cost.Waste to Energy Programme 
Waste to Energy Programme 
The programme  by Ministry of New and Renewable 
Energy supports setting up projects for generating 
Biogas, Bio-CNG/Enriched Biogas/Compressed 
Biogas, Power, or syngas from urban, industrial, and 
agricultural waste/residues. It provides Central 
Financial Assistance (CFA) to project developers 
and service charges to implementing/inspection 
agencies upon successful commissioning.
• Bio-CNG/Enriched Biogas/CBG: ₹4.0 crore per 
4,800 kg/day (new plants), ₹3.0 crore per 
4,800 kg/day  (existing plants), max ₹10 crore 
per project.
• Power (from Biogas): ₹0.75 crore/MW 
(new), ₹0.5 crore/MW (existing), max ₹5 
crore/project.
• Power (from bio & agro-industrial waste): 
₹0.4 crore/MW, max ₹5 crore/project.
• Biomass Gasifier: ₹2,500/kWe (dual fuel), 
₹15,000/kWe (100% gas engines), ₹2 lakh per 
300 kWth (thermal).
• CFA is 20% higher for plants in Special 
Category
• States/UTs or registered Gaushalas/Shelters. 
• Service charges are provided at 1% of total 
CFA (minimum ₹50,000) for implementing and 
inspection agencies. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 74
[page 95]
Biogas and Compressed Biogas (CBG) Policies in India
Policy / Initiative Year Department Key Information
Galvanizing 
Organic Bio-Agro 
Resources Dhan 
(GOBARdhan)
2018 Ministry of 
Jal Shakti through production of biogas, CBG and organic manure under a 
circular economy framework.
Sustainable 
Alternative 
Towards 
Affordable 
Transportation 
(SATAT)
2018 MoPNG
Launched to establish a nationwide CBG ecosystem through 
assured offtake by Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs). The 
scheme targets 5,000 CBG plants, 15 MMTPA of CBG and 
50 MMTPA of bio-manure, while encouraging private sector 
investment.
CBG-CGD 
Synchronisation 
Scheme
2021 MoPNG
Introduced a framework for synchronised injection of CBG into 
City Gas Distribution (CGD) networks through GAIL, enabling 
supply of co-mingled gas to CGD entities under a uniform pricing 
mechanism.
Waste-to-
Energy (WtE) 
Programme / 
Central Financial 
Assistance (CFA)
2022 MNRE
Provides capital assistance for establishment of commercial 
biogas and CBG plants under the Waste-to-Energy Programme, 
supporting Bio-CNG infrastructure development.
National Biogas 
Programme 2022 MNRE Supports installation of family-size and medium-scale biogas 
plants for clean cooking fuel and production of organic manure.
Excise Duty Relief 
for Blended CNG 2023 Ministry of 
Finance
Exempted the excise duty applicable to the CBG component 
in blended CNG to avoid double taxation and improve the 
economics of CBG blending.
CBG Blending 
Obligation (CBO) 2023 MoPNG
Mandated phased blending of CBG in transport (CNG) and 
domestic (PNG) segments of the CGD network, beginning at 1% 
in FY 2025–26, increasing to 3% in FY 2026–27, 4% in FY 2027–
28, and 5% from FY 2028–29 onwards.
Registration 
Portal for Biogas 
& CBG
2023 
(updated 
2025)
Ministry of 
Jal Shakti & 
MoPNG
Established a single-window digital platform for registration, 
monitoring and subsidy management of biogas and CBG 
projects.
Market 
Development 
Assistance 
(MDA) for 
Organic 
Fertilisers
2023 Department 
of Fertilizers
Introduced an MDA scheme with an outlay of ₹1,451.82 crore 
(FY 2024–26), providing ₹1,500 per metric tonne for marketing 
Fermented Organic Manure (FOM), Liquid FOM (LFOM) and 
Phosphate-Rich Organic Manure (PROM) produced by CBG 
plants.
Agriculture 
Infrastructure 
Fund (AIF)
2023
Department 
of 
Agriculture 
& Farmers 
Welfare
Included CBG projects as eligible infrastructure under the 
Agriculture Infrastructure Fund, providing 3% interest subvention 
on loans up to ₹2 crore for a maximum period of seven years.
Carbon Credit 
Trading Scheme 
(CCTS)
2023 Ministry of 
Power
Introduced India’s Carbon Credit Trading Scheme, enabling 
participation of renewable energy and CBG projects in emerging 
compliance and voluntary carbon markets.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 75
[page 96]
Policy / Initiative Year Department Key Information
Carbon Credit 
Trading Scheme 
(CCTS)
2023 Ministry of 
Power
Introduced India’s Carbon Credit Trading Scheme, enabling 
participation of renewable energy and CBG projects in emerging 
compliance and voluntary carbon markets.
Biomass 
Aggregation 
Machinery 
(BAM) Scheme
2024 MoPNG aggregation machinery to improve feedstock collection and 
supply for CBG plants.
Scheme for 
Development 
of Pipeline 
Infrastructure 
(DPI)
2024 MoPNG
Approved a ₹994.5 crore scheme (FY 2024–26) to develop 
pipeline infrastructure for injecting CBG into City Gas Distribution 
(CGD) networks, reducing logistics costs and improving market 
access.
Fertilizer Control 
Order (FCO) 
Amendment
2025 Department 
of Fertilizers
Introduced a dedicated category for organic carbon enhancers 
produced from CBG plants, facilitating commercial utilisation of 
digestate-based products.
Extension of 
the CBG-CGD 
Synchronisation 
Scheme
2026 MoPNG
Extended the CBG-CGD Synchronisation Scheme until 31 
December 2047, providing long-term certainty for CBG injection 
supporting large-scale expansion of India’s CBG ecosystem.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 76
[page 97]
Abundant Feedstock Availability
India possesses one of the world's largest 
agricultural biomass resources, providing a 
sustainable and diversified feedstock base for 
ethanol, compressed biogas, Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel (SAF) and other advanced biofuels, while 
strengthening domestic energy security.
Strong Policy & Regulatory Support
India has established one of the world's most 
comprehensive biofuels policy frameworks 
through initiatives such as the National Policy on 
Biofuels, Ethanol Blended Petrol Programme, 
SATAT, CBG Blending Obligation, PM JI-VAN Yojana 
and the National Green Hydrogen Mission, creating 
long-term demand visibility and encouraging 
investments across the renewable fuels value 
chain.
Expanding Domestic Energy Demand
India's rapidly growing energy consumption, 
coupled with increasing emphasis on energy 
independence and decarbonisation, presents a 
significant long-term opportunity for renewable 
fuels across transportation, aviation, industry and 
city gas distribution.
Energy Security & Import Substitution
Biofuels are playing an increasingly strategic role in 
reducing India's dependence on imported crude oil, 
natural gas and other fossil fuels, while 
strengthening national energy resilience amid an 
evolving geopolitical landscape.
Circular Bioeconomy & Rural Value Creation
The biofuels industry supports circular economy 
principles by converting agricultural residues and 
organic waste into renewable energy while creating 
additional income opportunities for farmers, 
generating rural employment and promoting 
sustainable agricultural practices.
Environmental Sustainability
Biofuels contribute to greenhouse gas emission 
reductions, improved waste management and the 
transition towards a low-carbon economy while 
supporting India's Net Zero 2070 commitment.
Innovation & Technology Ecosystem
India's expanding research capabilities, technology 
partnerships and increasing investments in 
advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals, green 
hydrogen and Sustainable Aviation Fuel provide a 
strong platform for long-term sectoral growth and 
global competitiveness.
Feedstock Availability & Seasonality
The availability of agricultural feedstock is 
influenced by seasonal crop cycles, weather 
conditions and competing end uses. Efficient 
feedstock aggregation, storage and logistics 
remain critical to ensuring uninterrupted 
operations and cost competitiveness.
Cost Competitiveness
Biofuels continue to compete with conventional 
fossil fuels, where economics are influenced by 
feedstock costs, technology efficiency, logistics 
and commodity price volatility. Continuous 
improvements in productivity and scale remain 
essential to sustaining competitiveness.
Technology Evolution
Commercialisation of advanced biofuels, 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel and emerging 
low-carbon technologies requires continued 
investment in innovation, technology partnerships 
and process optimisation to improve efficiencies 
and project economics.
Supply Chain & Infrastructure
Scaling the biofuels sector requires continued 
investments in feedstock logistics, storage, 
transportation, gas infrastructure and distribution 
networks to support increasing production and 
market penetration.
Regulatory Evolution
Although policy support remains strong, changes 
in blending mandates, pricing mechanisms, 
environmental regulations and fiscal incentives 
could influence project economics and investment 
decisions.
Talent & Capability Development
The industry's continued growth will require skilled 
professionals across biotechnology, engineering, 
operations, digital technologies and advanced 
manufacturing, making talent development an 
important long-term priority.
Global Market Dynamics
Commodity price movements, evolving 
international sustainability standards, trade 
policies and global competition may influence 
demand patterns, export opportunities and 
investment returns across renewable fuel markets.
STRENGTHS WEAKNESS
SWOT Analysis 
OPPORTUNITIES AND THREATS 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 77
[page 98]
India's Energy Transition
India's commitment to energy security, 
decarbonisation and Net Zero 2070 is expected to 
drive sustained growth across ethanol, 
compressed biogas (CBG), Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel (SAF), renewable chemicals and other 
bio-based industries.
Expanding Biofuels Policy Framework
Progressive policy initiatives including E20 
implementation, higher ethanol blends (E22–E30), 
CBG Blending Obligation, the National Green 
Hydrogen Mission and India's emerging SAF 
roadmap provide long-term demand visibility and 
create new avenues for investment and growth.
Growing Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) Market
Global aviation decarbonisation commitments and 
India's proposed SAF blending roadmap are 
expected to create significant long-term demand 
for Sustainable Aviation Fuel, positioning India as a 
potential global manufacturing and export hub.
Expansion of the CBG Ecosystem
The CBG Blending Obligation, expansion of City 
Gas Distribution networks and increasing industrial 
demand for renewable gas are expected to 
accelerate investment and commercial 
deployment across the CBG sector.
Advanced Biofuels & Bioeconomy
Growing demand for second-generation ethanol, 
renewable chemicals, bio-based materials and 
other value-added products presents opportunities 
to diversify revenue streams and enhance overall 
project economics.
Industrial Decarbonisation
Increasing carbon reduction commitments across 
sectors such as steel, refining, fertilisers and 
chemicals are expected to drive demand for 
renewable fuels and low-carbon feedstocks 
beyond transportation applications.
International Market Opportunities
Growing global demand for renewable fuels, SAF 
and bio-based products, together with initiatives 
such as the Global Biofuels Alliance, creates 
opportunities for India to emerge as a competitive 
exporter of sustainable energy solutions.
Innovation & Technology Partnerships
Advancements in process technologies, 
digitalisation, biotechnology and strategic 
collaborations are expected to improve production 
efficiencies, reduce costs and accelerate the 
commercialisation of next-generation renewable 
fuels.
Feedstock Availability & Climate Risks
Climate variability, changing weather patterns and 
competing uses of agricultural biomass may 
impact feedstock availability, quality and pricing, 
affecting operational efficiency and production 
economics.
Policy & Regulatory Changes
Changes in blending mandates, pricing 
mechanisms, taxation, environmental regulations 
or incentive structures could influence market 
dynamics and project viability.
Competition from Alternative Technologies
Rapid advancements in battery electric mobility, 
hydrogen technologies and other low-carbon 
energy solutions may alter the long-term demand 
profile for certain liquid fuels across specific 
applications.
Commodity Price Volatility
Fluctuations in agricultural commodity prices, 
crude oil prices, natural gas prices and foreign 
exchange rates may influence feedstock costs, fuel 
pricing and overall profitability.
Infrastructure & Supply Chain Constraints
Continued expansion of biofuels will require 
investments in feedstock aggregation, logistics, 
storage, transportation and distribution 
infrastructure to support large-scale commercial 
deployment.
Technology & Execution Risks
The commercialisation of advanced biofuels and 
emerging clean energy technologies requires 
continued innovation, efficient project execution 
and successful technology integration to achieve 
targeted returns.
Geopolitical & Macroeconomic Uncertainty
Global geopolitical developments, trade policies, 
supply chain disruptions and economic slowdowns 
may impact investment flows, commodity markets 
and international demand for renewable fuels.
Public Perception & Sustainability Expectations
Ongoing debates surrounding land use, food 
security, sustainability standards and lifecycle 
emissions may influence regulatory priorities, 
consumer sentiment and market acceptance if not 
addressed through science-based policy and 
responsible sourcing.
OPPORTUNITIES THREATS
SWOT Analysis 
OPPORTUNITIES AND THREATS 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 78
[page 99]
These initiatives are expected to further diversify 
revenue streams while reinforcing the Company's 
long-term growth trajectory.
Sustainability will continue to remain central to 
TruAlt's long-term strategy. Beyond contributing to 
greenhouse gas emission reductions, the Company 
remains committed to creating shared value by 
supporting farmers, promoting eﬃcient resource 
utilisation, advancing circular economy principles 
and generating positive socio-economic outcomes 
across rural communities. Through responsible 
operations, strong governance practices and 
continuous investments in environmental and social 
initiatives, TruAlt seeks to create lasting value for all 
stakeholders.
The Company also recognises that long-term 
success will increasingly be determined by 
innovation, adaptability and strategic partnerships. 
Continued investments in process optimisation, 
digitalisation, research and development, and 
collaborations with leading technology providers 
will enable TruAlt to improve operational eﬃciency, 
strengthen product quality and accelerate the 
commercialisation of next-generation renewable 
energy solutions. These capabilities will enhance 
the Company's ability to respond to evolving market 
dynamics while maintaining operational excellence 
across its diversiﬁed portfolio.
Looking ahead, India's bioeconomy is expected to 
evolve beyond conventional renewable fuels 
towards a broader ecosystem encompassing 
bio-based chemicals, low-carbon industrial 
feedstocks, renewable gases and future fuels. 
TruAlt believes its integrated platform, diversiﬁed 
asset base and execution capabilities provide a 
strong foundation to participate in these emerging 
opportunities while supporting India's long-term 
vision of energy independence, industrial 
competitiveness and Net Zero aspirations.
While the operating environment will continue to 
evolve, the Company remains conﬁdent that the 
long-term fundamentals of India's bioenergy sector 
have never been stronger. With its integrated 
business model, diversiﬁed portfolio, strong 
operational capabilities and disciplined approach to 
growth, TruAlt Bioenergy is well positioned to create 
sustainable long-term value for its stakeholders 
while playing a meaningful role in shaping India's 
transition towards a cleaner, more resilient, 
self-reliant and globally competitive energy future.
TruAlt Bioenergy is uniquely positioned to 
participate in India's evolving energy transition, 
supported by a diversiﬁed bioenergy platform, 
integrated operations and a clear long-term 
strategic vision. As the country accelerates its 
transition towards cleaner fuels, greater energy 
security and a circular bioeconomy, the Company 
remains well placed to capitalise on the signiﬁcant 
opportunities emerging across Ethanol, 
Compressed Biogas (CBG), Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel (SAF) and other next-generation renewable 
energy solutions.
India's favourable policy environment, abundant 
agricultural resources, expanding biofuels 
ecosystem and increasing focus on reducing 
dependence on imported fossil fuels provide a 
strong foundation for sustained long-term growth. 
Through disciplined capital allocation, technology 
partnerships, operational excellence and continued 
investments across the renewable fuels value chain, 
TruAlt continues to strengthen its competitive 
position while contributing to the nation's energy 
security, rural prosperity and industrial 
decarbonisation objectives.
The Company continues to strengthen its integrated 
bioenergy ecosystem by leveraging feedstock 
ﬂexibility, operational eﬃciencies and 
technology-led innovation. Being one of India's 
largest ethanol manufacturing platforms with 
dual-feed capabilities, strategic investments in 
Compressed Biogas, and ongoing development of 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel, TruAlt is building a 
diversiﬁed portfolio capable of addressing multiple 
segments of the evolving clean energy market. This 
integrated approach not only enhances operational 
resilience but also enables greater resource 
optimisation by maximising value from agricultural 
feedstocks and industrial by-products.
As the global energy landscape shifts towards 
lower-carbon fuels, TruAlt is also positioning itself to 
participate in emerging opportunities beyond 
conventional biofuels. The Company's investments 
in advanced biofuels, Sustainable Aviation Fuel and 
future renewable fuel technologies are aligned with 
evolving domestic policies, international 
decarbonisation commitments and growing 
demand from hard-to-abate sectors such as 
aviation, heavy transport and industry. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 79
[page 100]
COMPANY OVERVIEW 
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited is one of India's largest 
integrated biofuels companies and the country's 
only dedicated listed bioenergy enterprise, playing a 
pivotal role in advancing India's energy transition 
and bioeconomy. Anchored by deep agricultural 
linkages, diversiﬁed feedstock capabilities and 
large-scale industrial infrastructure, the Company 
has built a fully integrated renewable fuels platform 
spanning ethanol, compressed biogas (CBG), 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) and other emerging 
low-carbon energy solutions.
With one of the largest installed ethanol production 
capacities in the country, TruAlt has been at the 
forefront of supporting India's Ethanol Blended 
Petrol (EBP) Programme and strengthening the 
nation's energy security. The Company's integrated 
operations, multi-feedstock ﬂexibility and strong 
relationships across the agricultural value chain 
position it among the leading contributors to India's 
renewable fuels ecosystem.
TruAlt has consistently demonstrated its ability to 
anticipate and lead industry transformation. It was 
among the earliest producers of Compressed 
Biogas (CBG) under the Government of India's 
SATAT (Sustainable Alternative Towards Affordable 
Transportation) initiative launched in 2018, 
reinforcing its commitment to circular resource 
utilisation and low-carbon mobility.
Further strengthening its leadership position, TruAlt 
became the ﬁrst biofuels company in India to be 
granted Oil Marketing Company (OMC) status, 
establishing a signiﬁcant milestone in the evolution 
of the country's renewable fuels industry. This 
recognition enables the Company to participate 
across the entire energy value chain from 
renewable fuel production to downstream retail 
marketing, creating an integrated platform for 
serving both institutional and retail energy markets.
Building on its strong ethanol ecosystem, TruAlt is 
now strategically positioned at the forefront of 
India's next generation of renewable fuels. The 
Company is among the early movers in Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel (SAF) and is progressing towards 
establishing one of India's largest integrated SAF 
production facilities. Leveraging its existing 
feedstock ecosystem, industrial infrastructure and 
expertise in biofuels, TruAlt aims to play a leading 
role in decarbonising the aviation sector while 
supporting India's emergence as a global SAF hub.
Beyond renewable fuels, the Company is developing 
an integrated circular bioeconomy that maximises 
value from every stage of the production cycle. 
Through the manufacture of Fermented Organic 
Manure (FOM), Liquid Fermented Organic Manure 
(LFOM), recovery and utilisation of liqueﬁed carbon 
dioxide (CO₂), renewable energy generation and the 
development of value-added bio-based products, 
TruAlt continues to strengthen resource eﬃciency 
and advance circular economy principles. This 
integrated approach reinforces the Company's 
long-term vision of becoming a diversiﬁed 
renewable energy and bio-based manufacturing 
platform.
As India accelerates its transition towards a 
low-carbon economy, TruAlt Bioenergy is 
strategically positioned to play a deﬁning role in 
shaping the future of renewable fuels through 
innovation, integrated bioenergy solutions and a 
steadfast commitment to sustainability, energy 
security and long-term value creation.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 80
[page 101]
Strategic Initiatives
India's energy transition is entering a deﬁning phase, 
driven by the convergence of energy security, 
decarbonisation, technological innovation and 
favourable policy support. As the renewable fuels 
ecosystem expands beyond conventional blending 
programmes towards advanced biofuels and 
integrated low-carbon energy solutions, TruAlt 
Bioenergy is strategically positioned to capitalise on 
this structural transformation. The Company's 
long-term strategy is centred on strengthening its 
leadership across the renewable fuels value chain 
while creating a diversiﬁed and future-ready 
bioenergy platform capable of delivering 
sustainable growth and long-term stakeholder 
value.
Scaling Leadership in Ethanol
TruAlt Bioenergy remains one of India's largest 
ethanol producers, with an installed production 
capacity of approximately 2,000 KLPD, supported by 
a diversiﬁed portfolio of grain-based, sugar-based 
and dual-feed distilleries. Having established a 
robust manufacturing platform, the Company's 
strategic priority is to maximise capacity utilisation 
across its existing assets by enhancing feedstock 
ﬂexibility, improving operational eﬃciencies and 
leveraging technology-driven process optimisation. 
This approach is expected to enable near year-round 
operations, strengthen asset productivity and 
improve overall proﬁtability while supporting 
sustainable long-term growth.
India's successful achievement of 20% ethanol 
blending (E20) marks a deﬁning milestone in the 
country's biofuels journey. At the same time, the 
policy landscape continues to evolve beyond E20. 
The nationwide rollout of E20 fuel, the introduction 
of BIS speciﬁcations for E22, E25, E27 and E30, 
regulatory provisions enabling vehicle certiﬁcation 
up to E100, and revised blending standards 
collectively signal the next phase of India's ethanol 
programme. These developments are expected to 
deepen ethanol penetration across the 
transportation sector, improve utilisation of the 
country's installed ethanol capacity and reinforce 
ethanol's role as a strategic pillar of India's energy 
security and decarbonisation agenda.
Against this backdrop, TruAlt is well positioned to 
capitalise on the structural growth opportunities 
emerging across the ethanol value chain. The 
Company's integrated manufacturing capabilities, 
diversiﬁed feedstock ecosystem, strong operational 
platform and long-standing relationships across the 
agricultural and energy sectors provide a strong 
competitive advantage to meet growing domestic 
demand while supporting India's transition towards 
a more resilient, self-reliant and sustainable energy 
economy. As the regulatory framework continues to 
evolve and higher ethanol blends gain wider 
adoption, the Company remains focused on driving 
operational excellence, enhancing returns on 
existing assets and creating long-term value for all 
stakeholders.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 81

[page 102]
Supported by progressive policy measures, 
including the CBG Blending Obligation, long-term 
integration of CBG into the national gas grid and 
increasing adoption across the CNG and PNG 
segments, the Company believes the CBG sector is 
poised for signiﬁcant long-term growth. Leveraging 
its integrated bioenergy platform, strategic 
partnerships and execution capabilities, TruAlt is 
well positioned to become one of India's leading 
producers of Compressed Biogas while 
contributing meaningfully to the country's clean 
energy transition and circular economy objectives.
Establishing Leadership in Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) represents one of 
the most signiﬁcant long-term opportunities within 
the global energy transition and is expected to play 
a pivotal role in decarbonising the aviation sector. 
As global airlines, regulators and governments 
accelerate the adoption of low-carbon aviation 
fuels, TruAlt Bioenergy is strategically positioning 
itself at the forefront of India's emerging SAF 
ecosystem.
The Company is progressing the development of its 
proposed 310 KLPD Sustainable Aviation Fuel 
facility at Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh, which is 
expected to be among the largest SAF production 
facilities in India. The project beneﬁts from a 
strategically selected location with access to 
abundant feedstock, proximity to HPCL 's Visakh 
Reﬁnery, Indian Oil Corporation's Paradip Reﬁnery, 
Visakhapatnam Port, the upcoming Mulapeta Port, 
the Howrah–Chennai railway corridor and 
Visakhapatnam International Airport, providing 
signiﬁcant advantages in logistics, feedstock 
sourcing, domestic distribution and export 
connectivity.
To support the development of the project, the 
Company is progressing towards the Front-End 
Engineering Design (FEED) stage in collaboration 
with Honeywell UOP , one of the world's leading 
providers of reﬁning and sustainable fuels 
technologies. Simultaneously, statutory approvals 
are progressing, while discussions with the 
Government of Andhra Pradesh regarding the 
incentive framework continue to advance. The 
project has also received approval for ₹150 crore of 
Building a Scalable Compressed Biogas 
(CBG) Platform
Compressed Biogas (CBG) represents one of TruAlt 
Bioenergy's most signiﬁcant long-term growth 
platforms and a strategic pillar of the Company's 
vision to build an integrated renewable energy 
ecosystem. As India accelerates its transition 
towards cleaner gaseous fuels through the CBG 
Blending Obligation (CBGO), TruAlt is well 
positioned to capitalise on the increasing demand 
for sustainable gas solutions that support energy 
security, import substitution, circular economy 
objectives and rural value creation.
To strengthen its leadership in this high-growth 
segment, the Company has entered into strategic 
joint ventures with GAIL (India) Limited, one of 
India's largest natural gas companies, and 
Sumitomo Corporation, one of Japan's leading 
integrated trading and investment companies. 
These partnerships combine TruAlt's expertise in 
feedstock sourcing and bioenergy operations with 
the technological, commercial and infrastructure 
capabilities of globally recognised partners, 
creating a strong platform for long-term growth.
As part of its expansion strategy, TruAlt is targeting 
the development of 24 Compressed Biogas plants 
over the next two years. Construction is currently 
underway across 4 CBG facilities under TruAlt Gas 
Private Limited, while land has been identiﬁed for 6 
additional plants under Leaﬁniti Bioenergy, with 
construction expected to commence shortly. These 
projects represent the initial phase of a scalable 
development pipeline that will signiﬁcantly 
strengthen the Company's presence in India's 
emerging CBG ecosystem.
Beyond expanding production capacity, the 
Company's CBG strategy is focused on building an 
integrated circular bioeconomy by converting 
agricultural residues, organic waste and process 
by-products into clean gaseous fuel and other 
value-added products. This approach not only 
enhances resource eﬃciency and creates 
additional revenue streams but also supports 
sustainable waste management, reduces 
greenhouse gas emissions and generates 
incremental income opportunities for rural 
communities.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 82
[page 103]
through a calibrated approach that prioritises 
long-term value creation, strategic location 
selection, operational excellence and capital 
discipline over rapid network growth.
By integrating its upstream renewable fuels 
business with a growing downstream retail 
network, TruAlt aims to strengthen market access, 
enhance customer engagement and create a 
differentiated energy platform capable of supplying 
cleaner fuels to end consumers. As India's fuel retail 
sector evolves alongside increasing adoption of 
ethanol-blended fuels and other renewable energy 
solutions, the Company believes its integrated 
upstream-to-downstream model will enhance 
commercial resilience, improve value realisation 
and reinforce its leadership across the renewable 
fuels value chain.
Advancing the Circular Bioeconomy
TruAlt's long-term strategy extends beyond 
renewable fuel production to the development of an 
integrated circular bioeconomy that maximises 
value across the entire biomass value chain. By 
adopting a zero-waste philosophy, the Company 
transforms process by-products into high-value 
products, including Fermented Organic Manure 
(FOM), Liquid Fermented Organic Manure (LFOM) 
and liqueﬁed carbon dioxide (CO ₂), while 
continuously exploring opportunities across 
renewable chemicals, bio-based materials and 
other value-added products.
This integrated approach enables the eﬃcient 
utilisation of renewable resources, enhances overall 
project economics and strengthens the 
sustainability of the Company's operations. By 
converting agricultural feedstocks into multiple 
high-value outputs, TruAlt is creating a diversiﬁed 
bio-based platform that supports soil health, 
resource eﬃciency, emissions reduction and 
circular manufacturing.
As global markets increasingly transition towards 
sustainable materials and low-carbon products, the 
Company believes the circular bioeconomy will 
emerge as a signiﬁcant driver of long-term growth. 
Leveraging its integrated infrastructure, diversiﬁed 
feedstock ecosystem and innovation-led approach, 
TruAlt is well positioned to create value beyond 
renewable fuels while supporting India's transition 
towards a resource-eﬃcient, low-carbon and 
globally competitive bioeconomy.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 83
ﬁnancial assistance under the Government of 
India's PM JI-VAN Yojana, reinforcing its strategic 
importance in advancing India's next generation of 
biofuels. Subject to the receipt of necessary 
approvals and ﬁnancial closure, the project is 
expected to be commissioned within 24 to 30 
months.
India's rapidly expanding ethanol ecosystem, 
growing second-generation biofuels capacity and 
abundant agricultural biomass provide a 
compelling foundation for commercialising the 
Alcohol-to-Jet (ATJ) pathway. With ATJ-derived 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel approved for blending 
with conventional Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF) at up 
to 50% under international ASTM speciﬁcations, 
India's mature ethanol infrastructure provides a 
distinct competitive advantage for large-scale SAF 
production. Coupled with the Government's 
evolving regulatory framework, including the 
proposed 1%, 2% and 5% SAF blending roadmap for 
international ﬂights, the Company believes India is 
well positioned to emerge as a globally competitive 
SAF manufacturing hub.
Leveraging its integrated biofuels platform, 
diversiﬁed feedstock ecosystem, technology 
partnerships and large-scale execution capabilities, 
TruAlt aims to play a leading role in shaping India's 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel industry while supporting 
the decarbonisation of aviation, strengthening 
energy security and creating a globally competitive 
renewable fuels business for the future.
Expanding Downstream Market Presence
Following our landmark achievement of becoming 
the ﬁrst biofuels company in India to be granted Oil 
Marketing Company (OMC) status, TruAlt continues 
to strengthen its downstream presence through a 
disciplined and strategically phased retail 
expansion programme. This milestone marks a 
signiﬁcant evolution in the Company's business 
model, enabling participation across the entire 
energy value chain from renewable fuel production 
to direct consumer engagement through fuel 
retailing.
The Company currently operates 7 retail fuel 
outlets, with 4 additional outlets under construction 
and a robust pipeline of approximately 76 
strategically shortlisted locations identiﬁed for 
future development. Expansion is being pursued
[page 104]
Our approach is underpinned by a simple 
conviction: the energy transition will increasingly be 
driven by diversiﬁcation rather than substitution. 
Over the coming decades, conventional fuels, 
renewable fuels, renewable gases, green molecules 
and bio-based materials are expected to coexist, 
each addressing distinct sectors and applications. 
Companies with integrated platforms, diversiﬁed 
feedstocks and the ability to adapt across 
technologies will be best positioned to create 
long-term value.
The events of recent years have demonstrated that 
energy security and sustainability are not 
competing priorities they are mutually reinforcing. 
Countries that can produce clean energy 
domestically will be better positioned to enhance 
economic resilience, strengthen industrial 
competitiveness and reduce exposure to external 
shocks. Biofuels, by virtue of their ability to leverage 
existing infrastructure while creating value across 
agriculture, manufacturing and transportation, are 
uniquely positioned to contribute to these 
objectives.
As India's bioeconomy continues to evolve, we 
believe the opportunity extends well beyond 
meeting domestic demand. The emergence of 
global markets for Sustainable Aviation Fuel, 
renewable chemicals and other low-carbon 
products is expected to redeﬁne the role of 
renewable carbon in the global economy. 
Supported by its integrated operating platform, 
diversiﬁed portfolio and strong execution 
capabilities, TruAlt is positioning itself to participate 
meaningfully in this transformation.
We believe the coming decade will mark the 
transition of biofuels from a blending programme to 
a strategic industrial sector. The foundations have 
been established through progressive policy, 
sustained investment and demonstrated execution. 
The next phase will be characterised by innovation, 
integration and scale. TruAlt intends to remain at 
the forefront of this evolution—building businesses 
that strengthen India's energy security, contribute to 
industrial decarbonisation and create enduring 
value for shareholders and society.
Investing in the Future of Energy
The energy transition is reshaping global economic 
and industrial priorities. What began as a climate 
imperative has evolved into a broader strategic 
objective centred on energy security, supply chain 
resilience and sustainable economic growth. 
Recent geopolitical developments have reinforced 
the importance of building domestic energy 
capabilities, accelerating the deployment of 
renewable fuels and reducing dependence on 
imported fossil fuels. In this evolving landscape, 
biofuels are no longer viewed solely as alternative 
fuels; they are increasingly recognised as strategic 
assets capable of strengthening national 
competitiveness while supporting the transition to a 
lower-carbon economy.
India is exceptionally well positioned to beneﬁt from 
this structural shift. The country combines one of 
the world's largest agricultural resource bases with 
a mature ethanol ecosystem, progressive policy 
support, expanding industrial infrastructure and a 
rapidly growing domestic market. Having 
successfully established a robust ﬁrst-generation 
biofuels platform, India is now entering the next 
phase of its energy transition, with increasing 
emphasis on advanced biofuels, Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel (SAF), compressed biogas (CBG), 
renewable chemicals and other bio-based products. 
This evolution has the potential to position India not 
only as one of the world's largest consumers of 
renewable fuels, but also as a globally competitive 
producer of sustainable energy solutions.
At TruAlt, we see this transition as a multi-decade 
opportunity. Our strategy is centred on building an 
integrated renewable energy platform that extends 
beyond conventional ethanol into next-generation 
fuels and circular bio-based industries. Through 
disciplined capital allocation, strategic 
partnerships, technology-led innovation and 
continued investment in scalable infrastructure, we 
are creating capabilities that are aligned with the 
future direction of both India's energy landscape 
and global fuel markets.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 84
[page 105]
Our revenue from operations declined to ₹1,70,465.34 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹1,88,011.66 lakhs in 
Fiscal 2025, a decline of 9.33%, on account of lower ethanol tender allocation and the temporary shutdown of 
three plants during their transition from mono-feed to multi-feed operations. Our total income similarly 
declined to ₹1,77,293.69 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹1,94,070.60 lakhs in Fiscal 2025, a decline of 8.64%, 
during the year.
EBITDA stood at ₹28,313.41 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹29,719.38 lakhs in Fiscal 2025. Finance costs for 
the year stood at ₹15,785.20 lakhs, as against ₹14,103.64 lakhs incurred in Fiscal 2025. Depreciation and 
amortisation expenses stood at ₹8,409.08 lakhs in Fiscal 2026 and ₹6,459.57 lakhs in Fiscal 2025 — 
comprising depreciation of ₹7,154.63 lakhs and amortisation of intangible assets and right-of-use assets of 
₹1,254.45 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, and depreciation of ₹5,232.93 lakhs and amortisation of intangible assets and 
right-of-use assets of ₹1,226.64 lakhs in Fiscal 2025 — the increase being on account of an increase in gross 
block by ₹42,978.51 lakhs.
Net Worth increased to ₹1,51,350.07 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹76,753.22 lakhs in Fiscal 2025, on 
account of the issue of equity shares pursuant to the initial public offering. Total Assets correspondingly 
increased to ₹3,62,925.28 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹2,97,776.01 lakhs in Fiscal 2025.
Net Working Capital stood at ₹56,698.07 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹17,604.90 lakhs in Fiscal 2025, 
primarily on account of an increase in inventories of ₹31,762.48 lakhs, an increase in trade receivables of 
₹6,806.56 lakhs and an increase in other assets of ₹4,974.67 lakhs and other ﬁnancial assets of ₹178.05 lakhs, 
partly offset by a reduction in trade payables of ₹19,851.65 lakhs.
Cash Flow
Operating Activities: 
Net cash ﬂow generated from operating activities was ₹ (29,615.04) lakhs in Fiscal 2026. Proﬁt before tax for 
the year was ₹10,947.48 lakhs, with the primary working capital adjustments comprising an increase in 
inventories of ₹31,762.48 lakhs and a decrease in trade payables of ₹19,851.65 lakhs.
Investing Activities: 
Net cash ﬂow used in investing activities in Fiscal 2026 was ₹35,838.67 lakhs, primarily on account of 
payments for the purchase of property, plant and equipment (including capital work-in-progress) of ₹31,450.05 
lakhs and investment in bank deposits of ₹2,262.79 lakhs.
Financing Activities: 
Net cash ﬂow from ﬁnancing activities in Fiscal 2026 was ₹55,476.59 lakhs, primarily on account of proceeds 
from the issuance of equity shares of ₹66,570.56 lakhs and proceeds from short-term borrowings of 
₹22,057.11 lakhs, partly offset by repayment of long-term borrowings of ₹17,255.60 lakhs and interest 
payments of ₹15,736.06 lakhs.
Key Financial Ratios
The table below sets out the key ﬁnancial ratios for Fiscal 2026 as compared to Fiscal 2025, together with 
explanations for changes of 25% or more, in line with the disclosure format prescribed under Regulation 34 
read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Financial Overview (Standalone & Consolidated)
Standalone Financial Information
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 85
[page 106]
Consolidated Financial Information
Our revenue from operations declined to ₹1,72,750.66 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹1,90,772.40 lakhs in 
Fiscal 2025, a decline of 9.45%, on account of lower ethanol tender allocation and the temporary shutdown of 
three plants during their transition from mono-feed to multi-feed operations. Our total income similarly 
declined to ₹1,81,395.91 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹1,96,852.78 lakhs in Fiscal 2025, a decline of 7.85%, 
during the year.
Ratio FY 2026 FY 2025 Variance (%) Reason for Variance
Interest 
Coverage Ratio 1.61 2.09 (22.97)% -
Return on 
Capital 
Employed 
(ROCE)
11.59% 15.89% (27.06)%
Decline is mainly on account of lower 
following the equity infusion pursuant to the 
initial public offering.
Return on 
Equity (ROE) 5.29% 18.32% (71.12) %
Decline is mainly on account of lower net 
higher equity base consequent to the initial 
public offering.
Debt / Equity 
Ratio 0.61 1.44 (57.64) %
Improvement is mainly on account of the 
increase in net worth pursuant to the initial 
public offering, along with repayment of 
borrowings during the year.
Debt / EBITDA 
Ratio 3.29 3.71 (11.32) % -
Margin 15.68% 15.59% 0.58% -
Margin 4.69% 7.48% (37.30) %
during the year, driven by reduced revenue 
from operations due to lower ethanol tender 
allocation and temporary shutdown of three 
depreciation.
Debtors 
Turnover Ratio 4.58 5.92 (22.64) % -
Inventory 
Turnover Ratio 3.06 7.05 (56.60) %
increase in average inventory during the 
year owing to inventory build-up during the 
transition of plants from mono-feed to multi-
feed operations, coupled with lower tender 
allocation.
Net Working 
Capital Cover 1.67 1.20 39.17%
Improvement is mainly on account of an 
increase in current assets dominated by 
inventory, funded through proceeds of the 
initial public offering, partly offset by a 
reduction in trade payables.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 86
[page 107]
EBITDA stood at ₹28,975.39 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹30,914.37 lakhs in Fiscal 2025. Finance costs for 
the year stood at ₹16,002.41 lakhs, as against ₹14,361.10 lakhs incurred in Fiscal 2025. Depreciation and 
amortisation expenses stood at ₹8,622.76 lakhs in Fiscal 2026 and ₹6,689.37 lakhs in Fiscal 2025 — 
comprising depreciation of ₹7,363.90 lakhs and amortisation of intangible assets and right-of-use assets of 
₹1,258.86 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, and depreciation of ₹5,443.12 lakhs and amortisation of intangible assets and 
right-of-use assets of ₹1,246.25 lakhs in Fiscal 2025 — the increase being on account of an increase in gross 
block by ₹44,574.53 lakhs.
Net Worth increased to ₹1,57,833.50 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹76,899.90 lakhs in Fiscal 2025, on 
account of the issue of equity shares pursuant to the initial public offering. Total Assets correspondingly 
increased to ₹3,77,834.29 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹3,02,973.09 lakhs in Fiscal 2025.
Net Working Capital stood at ₹61,629.89 lakhs in Fiscal 2026, as against ₹16,780.42 lakhs in Fiscal 2025, 
primarily on account of an increase in inventories of ₹31,821.96 lakhs, an increase in trade receivables of 
₹6,684.18 lakhs and an increase in other assets of ₹5,308.96 lakhs and other ﬁnancial assets of ₹176.32 lakhs, 
partly offset by a reduction in trade payables of ₹21,359.46 lakhs.
Cash Flow
Operating Activities: Net cash ﬂow generated from operating activities was ₹(29,562.92) lakhs in Fiscal 2026. 
Proﬁt before tax for the year was ₹12,995.47 lakhs, with the primary working capital adjustments comprising 
an increase in inventories of ₹31,821.96 lakhs and a decrease in trade payables of ₹21,359.46 lakhs.
Investing Activities: Net cash ﬂow used in investing activities in Fiscal 2026 was ₹41,345.13 lakhs, primarily on 
account of payments for the purchase of property, plant and equipment (including capital work-in-progress) of 
₹51,068.32 lakhs and investment in bank deposits of ₹2,579.06 lakhs, partly offset by prepayments towards 
the acquisition of capital assets of ₹11,706.01 lakhs.
Financing Activities: Net cash ﬂow from ﬁnancing activities in Fiscal 2026 was ₹64,756.43 lakhs, primarily on 
account of proceeds from the issuance of equity shares of ₹66,570.56 lakhs and proceeds from short-term 
borrowings of ₹22,454.81 lakhs, partly offset by repayment of long-term borrowings of ₹12,847.38 lakhs and 
interest payments of ₹15,953.27 lakhs.
Key Financial Ratios
The table below sets out the key ﬁnancial ratios for Fiscal 2026 as compared to Fiscal 2025 on a consolidated 
basis, together with explanations for changes of 25% or more, in line with the disclosure format prescribed 
under Regulation 34 read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
Ratio FY 2026 FY 2025 Variance (%) Reason for Variance
Interest 
Coverage Ratio 1.61 2.14 (24.77) % -
Return on 
Capital 
Employed 
(ROCE)
11.29% 16.39% (31.12) %
Decline is mainly on account of lower 
following the equity infusion pursuant to the 
initial public offering.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 87
[page 108]
Ratio FY 2026 FY 2025 Variance (%) Reason for Variance
Return on 
Equity (ROE) 6.14% 19.07% (67.80) %
Decline is mainly on account of lower net 
higher equity base consequent to the initial 
public offering.
Debt / Equity 
Ratio 0.63 1.45 (56.55) %
Improvement is mainly on account of the 
increase in net worth pursuant to the initial 
public offering, along with repayment of 
borrowings during the year.
Debt / EBITDA 
Ratio 3.41 3.61 (5.54) % -
Operating 16.79% 15.89% 5.66% -
Margin 5.61% 7.69% (27.05) %
Decline is mainly on account of lower net 
revenue from operations due to lower ethanol 
tender allocation and temporary shutdown 
costs and depreciation.
Debtors 
Turnover Ratio 4.64 5.99 (22.54) % -
Inventory 
Turnover Ratio 3.02 6.88 (56.10) %
increase in average inventory during the 
year owing to inventory build-up during the 
transition of plants from mono-feed to multi-
feed operations, coupled with lower tender 
allocation.
Net Working 
Capital Cover 1.71 1.19 43.70%
Improvement is mainly on account of an 
increase in current assets dominated by 
inventory, funded through proceeds of the 
initial public offering, partly offset by a 
reduction in trade payables.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 88
[page 109]
Segment-Wise  Highlights for  Year Ended March 31, 2026   
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 89
 Ethanol  And Other Products 
Compressed Bio-Gas (CBG)
Total Income
(8.71)%    (YoY) 
₹ 1771.10 Cr. ( FY 26)
₹ 1940.11 Cr. ( FY 25)
(29.70)%     (YoY)
PAT
₹ 77.37 Cr. ( FY 26)
₹ 140.31 Cr. ( FY 25)
(44.85)%     (YoY) 
₹ 151.74 Cr. ( FY 25) 
PBT
₹ 106.67 Cr. ( FY 26)
50.80%     (YoY) 
Total Income
₹ 42.86 Cr. ( FY 26)
₹ 28.42 Cr. ( FY 25)
PBT
₹ 23.28 Cr. ( FY 26)
₹ 7.70 Cr. ( FY 25)
202.30%     (YoY) 
PAT
₹ 19.50 Cr. ( FY 26)
₹ 6.33 Cr. ( FY 25)
207.97%     (YoY) 
[page 110]
Internal control systems and their adequacy 
Internal control systems and their adequacy TruAlt Bioenergy has implemented a comprehensive internal 
control framework aligned with encompassing control environment, risk assessment, control activities, 
information and communication, and ongoing monitoring. This system supports the Company’s integrated 
operations across ethanol, bioenergy, and allied businesses, ensuring accuracy in ﬁnancial reporting, 
operational eﬃciency, regulatory compliance and asset protection across its facilities. The internal control 
structure is anchored in accountability and transparency, supported by well-deﬁned policies, Standard 
Operating Procedures (SOPs), authorization hierarchies, and routine assessments conducted at plant, 
functional, and corporate levels. □ Financial Controls TruAlt Bioenergy has instituted robust ﬁnancial controls 
across all critical business processes including procurement, revenue recognition, working capital 
management and capital expenditure. A maker-checker-approver mechanism ensures transactional integrity 
and SAP-based automation enhances traceability and compliance. Quarterly and annual ﬁnancial statements 
are prepared in strict adherence to Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) and reviewed or audited by statutory 
auditors. These controls collectively support reliability in ﬁnancial disclosures and adherence to all applicable 
statutory and regulatory frameworks. □ Operational Controls Each vertical ethanol, CBG and allied operations 
follows a tailored control matrix governing procurement, production eﬃciency, logistics and quality 
management. Real-time tracking systems monitor key parameters and output. □ Compliance and Risk 
Management Controls The Company maintains a centralized compliance tracking system that oversees 
regulatory ﬁlings, environmental permissions, ethanol blending mandates and industry-speciﬁc directives 
from central and state authorities. The Risk Management Committee, chaired by senior management, 
conducts regular reviews of key risks, audit ﬁndings, mitigation strategies and emerging threats. These 
insights are escalated to the Audit Committee, ensuring that oversight remains timely and effective.
IT and Cybersecurity Controls Recognizing the importance of digital resilience, the Company has implemented 
multi-layered cybersecurity measures, including ﬁrewalls, endpoint protection and encryption standards. 
Role-based access controls and real-time system monitoring protect critical assets and data integrity. Routine 
cybersecurity audits, disaster recovery drills, and penetration testing are conducted to validate system 
robustness and incident response readiness. These safeguards are essential in today’s data-driven operating 
environment.
Internal Audit 
An independent internal audit ﬁrm has been appointed to conduct risk-based audits in line with a 
Board-approved annual audit plan. These audits assess both the design and operational effectiveness of 
controls across business functions and processes. 
During FY 2025-26, ZADN conducted a comprehensive review of the operative effectiveness of Internal 
Financial Controls (IFC). The assessment included detailed testing across processes, summary results, and 
management’s action plans for addressing observations. The ﬁndings were reviewed by the Audit Committee 
and presented to the Board of Directors. Open communication is maintained with both internal and statutory 
auditors to ensure transparency and continual enhancement of the internal control environment.
Human Resources 
At TruAlt Bioenergy, our people are the driving force behind our growth, innovation and long-term value 
creation. We believe that a high-performing, engaged and future-ready workforce is fundamental to sustaining 
our leadership in the evolving bioenergy sector. Accordingly, we remain committed to nurturing talent, 
strengthening capabilities and fostering an inclusive, collaborative and performance-oriented workplace that 
enables our employees to thrive.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 90
[page 111]
Our human capital strategy is centred on continuous learning, capability building and leadership development. 
Through structured learning and development initiatives, we equip our employees with the technical expertise, 
managerial capabilities and behavioural competencies required to excel in an increasingly dynamic business 
environment. During the year, employees participated in a wide range of training programmes covering 
technical and operational excellence, business and functional competencies, leadership development, 
workplace safety, regulatory compliance, ethics, corporate values and the Company's Code of Conduct.
As the Company continues to expand its presence across conventional and advanced biofuels, we remain 
focused on building a workforce that is agile, resilient and equipped to embrace emerging technologies, 
evolving industry practices and future growth opportunities. By fostering a culture of continuous learning, 
innovation and accountability, we empower our employees to realise their full potential while contributing 
meaningfully to the Company's strategic objectives and long-term sustainable growth. As on 31 March 2026, 
the Company had a workforce of 952 employees, whose commitment, expertise and shared purpose continue 
to be the foundation of TruAlt Bioenergy's success.
Risk Management Approach / Risks and Concerns 
The Company continues to adopt a forward-looking and integrated risk management strategy, aimed at 
safeguarding its long-term sustainability and operational resilience. Building on the foundation laid in previous 
years, our framework has evolved to encompass dynamic risk identiﬁcation, real-time assessment and 
strategic mitigation aligned with enterprise objectives. This year, our focus has expanded further into 
predictive analytics, scenario planning and early-warning indicators, enabling proactive risk management 
across business verticals. 
The Company has strengthened its governance structures and reﬁned standard operating procedures to 
integrate both macroeconomic risks and granular operational exposures. This includes risks emerging from 
geopolitical shifts, climate impact, supply chain vulnerabilities or any rapid technological changes. With 
cross-functional involvement, our risk management function is now embedded into every level of 
decision-making from Board-level oversight to frontline execution ensuring responsiveness and agility. 
Periodic audits, digital dashboards and robust internal controls enhance our visibility into emerging risks while 
enabling timely course correction. 
We remain committed to cultivating a risk-intelligent culture that prioritizes transparency, accountability, and 
continuous improvement, thereby equipping the organization to navigate volatility and seize strategic 
opportunities with conﬁdence.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 91
[page 112]
Key Risk Risk Mitigation Framework
Feedstock 
Availability
supported by long-term strategic sourcing arrangements, multi-feedstock 
processing capabilities and integrated supply chain management. Continued 
and sugar-based feedstocks, enhancing operational agility, supply security and 
long-term cost competitiveness.
Regulatory & Policy 
Risk
The Company proactively monitors the evolving regulatory and policy landscape 
through continuous stakeholder engagement, industry participation and strong 
framework and scenario-based planning enable timely adaptation to policy 
developments while safeguarding long-term strategic objectives.
Environmental 
& Sustainability 
Compliance
Sustainability is embedded within the Company's operating philosophy through 
renewable energy integration, circular economy initiatives and advanced 
environmental management practices. This enables compliance with evolving 
environmental regulations while strengthening operational resilience and long-
term sustainability performance.
Climate Change & 
Energy Transition
The Company integrates climate resilience into its business strategy through 
technologies and business continuity planning. Continuous investments in 
renewable fuels and energy transition opportunities enhance resilience to both 
physical and transition climate risks while supporting India's decarbonisation 
agenda.
Technology & 
Innovation
Continuous investments in advanced manufacturing technologies, digitalisation, 
automation and process optimisation enable the Company to maintain operational 
excellence and technological leadership. Strategic investments in next-generation 
biofuels, Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), bio-based chemicals and future energy 
solutions position the Company to capitalise on emerging market opportunities.
Cybersecurity & 
Digital Resilience
The Company maintains a robust enterprise-wide cybersecurity framework 
supported by secure digital infrastructure, continuous monitoring, data protection 
protocols, disaster recovery systems and business continuity planning. Regular 
security assessments and employee awareness programmes strengthen 
resilience against evolving cyber threats and operational disruptions.
Financial & 
Liquidity Risk
disciplined capital allocation, liquidity management and robust internal controls. 
Long-term commercial relationships with Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs), 
Project Execution & 
Growth
The Company adopts a disciplined project governance framework for capacity 
expansion and strategic investments. Robust planning, technology partnerships, 
experienced execution capabilities and continuous monitoring support timely 
project delivery while effectively managing execution, cost and operational risks.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 92
[page 113]
Key Risk Risk Mitigation Framework
Human Capital
The Company views human capital as a strategic differentiator. A strong focus 
on talent acquisition, leadership development, capability building, employee 
engagement and workplace safety supports the creation of a high-performing, 
future-ready workforce aligned with the Company's long-term growth aspirations.
Market & Business 
Transformation
The Company continuously evaluates emerging opportunities across biofuels, 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), compressed biogas, green hydrogen and bio-
disciplined capital deployment enhance long-term competitiveness while reducing 
transition.
Cautionary Statement 
This document contains certain statements concerning the Company's future business prospects, growth 
strategy, industry outlook, ﬁnancial performance, business plans, and other matters that may constitute 
"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations.
These forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations, assumptions, estimates, 
and projections regarding future events and are subject to various risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many 
of which are beyond the Company's control. Actual results, performance, or achievements may differ 
materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, 
including changes in economic conditions, government policies, regulatory developments, industry trends, 
market conditions, competitive dynamics, technological changes, and other risks and uncertainties.
The forward-looking statements contained herein are made only as of the date of this document. The 
Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reﬂect 
subsequent events or circumstances, except as may be required under applicable law or applicable regulatory 
requirements.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 93
[page 114]
BUSINESS 
RESPONSIBILITY 
& SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORTING
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 94
[page 115]
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
II. Products/services
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
III. Operations
18.  Number of locations where plants and/or operations/oﬃces of the entity are situated:
1. Details of the listed entity
1. Corpor ate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity L15400KA2021PLC145978
2. Name of the Listed Entity TRUAL T BIOENERGY LIMITED
3. Year of incorporation 2021
4. Survey No. 166, Kulali Cross, Jamkhandi Mudhol 
Road, Bagalkot, Karnataka, India, 587313
5. Corporate address Unit No. N-1501 World Trade Centre, 
Brigade Gateway Campus, Rajajinagar, 
Bangalore - Karnataka, India - 560055
6. E-mail contact@trualtbioenergy.com
7. Telephone 080 23255600 | 080 23255000
8. Website https://www.trualtbioenergy.com
9. Financial y ear for which reporting is being done 2025-26
10. Name of the St ock Exchange(s) where shares are 
listed 
NSE and BSE
11. P aid-up Capital ₹85,75,25,910
12. Name and contact details (telephone, email address) 
of the person who may be contacted in case of any 
queries on the BRSR report 
Ms. Shivani Rai   
+91 95458 50823   
avpcomms@trualtbioenergy.com
13. Reporting boundar y - Are the disclosures under this 
report made on a standalone basis (i.e., only for the 
entity) or on a consolidated basis (i.e., for the entity 
and all the entities which form a part of its consolidat-
Standalone
14. Name of assurance or assessment provider Not Applicable
15. T ype of assurance or assessment obtained Not Applicable
S. No. Description of the main activity Description of business activity % of the turnover of the entity
1 Manufacturing 100%
S. No. Product/Service NIC Code % of Total Turnover contributed
1 Revenue from sale of Ethanol 20119 80.03%
2 Revenue from sale of ENA 20119 10.82%
3 Revenue from sale of CO2 20111 0.15%
Location Number of plants Total
National 5 2 8
International 0 0 0
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 95
17. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):
[page 116]
b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
NIL
c. A brief on types of customers
We serve a broad spectrum of clients across key industries, including oil and gas, government agencies, spirits 
producers, and major consumer goods companies. Our longstanding relationships are built on delivering tailored, 
innovative solutions that address complex operational and strategic challenges. Additionally, we collaborate closely 
with state-owned enterprises to support their unique requirements, leveraging our deep domain expertise to help 
them achieve their objectives.
IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of the Financial Year:
a. Employees and workers (including differently abled):  
b. Differently abled Employees and workers:
Locations Number 
National (No. of States) 7
International (No. of Countries) 0
S. 
No. Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent (D) 335 323 96.42% 12 3.58%
2. Other than
Permanent (E) 83 83 100% 0 0%
3. Total employees
(D + E) 418 406 97.13% 12 2.87%
WORKERS
4. Permanent (F) 949 505 100% 0 0%
5. Other than
Permanent (G) 03 444 99.33% 3 0.67%
6. Total workers
(F + G) 952 949 99.68% 3 0.32%
S. 
No. Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent (D) 2 2 100% 0 0%
2. Other than 
Permanent (E) 0 0 0% 0 0%
3. Total differently abled 
employees (D + E) 2 2 100% 0 0%
DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS
4. Permanent (F) 2 2 100% 0 0%
5. Other than 
Permanent (G) 0 0 0% 0 0%
6. Total differently abled 
workers (F + G) 2 2 100% 0 0%
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 96
19.  Markets served by the entity:
a.  Number of locations
[page 117]
21.  Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women
22.  Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers
(Disclose trends for the past 3 years)
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures) 
23. (a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures
VI. CSR Details 
24. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013:  Yes
(ii) Turnover (in Rs. Lakhs):  ₹ 1,70,465.34 
(iii) Net worth (in Rs. Lakhs):  ₹ 1,51,350.07
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances 
25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on 
Responsible Business Conduct:  
Total (A) No. and percentage of Females
No. (B) % (B / A)
Board of Directors 7 1 14%
Key Management Personnel 3 0 0%
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Male  Female Total Male  Female Total Male  Female Total
Permanent 
Employees 13.53% 10.52% 26.88% 27% 46.15% 55.08% 27% 133% 58.25%
Permanent 
Workers 11.22% 0% 11.22% 13.82% 0% 13.82% 26.28% 0% 26.28%
S. No.
Name of the holding / 
subsidiary / associate 
companies / joint 
ventures (A)
Indicate whether
holding/ Subsidiary/
Associate/ Joint
Venture
% of shares
held by
listed entity
Does the entity indicated in column 
A, participate in the Business 
Responsibility initiatives of the 
listed entity? (Yes/No)
1 Leafiniti Bioenergy
Private Limited Subsidiary 51% No
2 TruALT Gas
Private Limited Subsidiary 51% No
Stakeholder 
group from 
whom 
complaint is 
received
 
Grievance 
Redressal 
Mechanism in 
Place 
(If yes, then 
provide web link 
for grievance 
redress policy)
Number of 
complaints 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at the close 
of the year
Remarks
Number of 
complaints 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution at 
the close of 
the year
Remarks
Communities No 0 0 Not Applicable 0 0 Not Applicable
Investors 
(other than 
shareholders)
Yes 8 0
Complaints 
received at SEBI 
Scores
0 0 Not Applicable
Shareholders Yes 0 0 Not Applicable 0 0 Not Applicable
Employees 
and workers Yes 1 0 Not Applicable 0 0 Not Applicable
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 97
[page 118]
26. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues
Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and 
social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to 
adapt or mitigate the risk along with its ﬁnancial implications.
Stakeholder 
group from 
whom 
complaint is 
received
 
Grievance 
Redressal 
Mechanism in 
Place 
(If yes, then 
provide web link 
for grievance 
redress policy)
Number of 
complaints 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at the close 
of the year
Remarks
Number of 
complaints 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution at 
the close of 
the year
Remarks
Customers No 0 0
The grievance 
redressal 
mechanism is 
embedded in 
the agreements 
entered into with 
the concerned 
parties; 
accordingly, no 
separate policy has 
been formulated in 
this regard
0 0
Our grievance 
resolution 
process is 
embedded 
in the 
agreements 
we have 
with parties, 
eliminating 
the need for 
a separate 
policy.
Value Chain 
Partner No 0 0
The grievance 
redressal 
mechanism is 
embedded in 
the agreements 
entered into with 
the concerned 
parties; 
accordingly, no 
separate policy has 
been formulated in 
this regard
0 0
Our grievance 
resolution 
process is 
embedded 
in the 
agreements 
we have 
with parties, 
eliminating 
the need for 
a separate 
policy.
S. 
No.
Material 
issue
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity
Rationale for identifying
the risk/opportunity
In case of
risk, approach to adapt or
mitigate
Financial
implications
of the risk or
opportunity (Indicate 
positive or negative 
implications)
1
Corporate 
Governance Risk and 
Opportunity
At TruAlt, robust 
corporate governance 
lies at the heart 
of everything we 
do. By embedding 
accountability, ethics, 
and transparency 
into our operations, 
we foster enduring 
stakeholder trust, 
uphold regulatory 
compliance, and 
drive sustainable 
long-term value, 
reinforcing our standing 
as a dependable 
and responsible 
organization
TruAlt Bioenergy is committed 
to proactively mitigating 
governance risks through 
strengthened board oversight, 
rigorous regulatory compliance, 
and unwavering transparency in 
decision-making. The Company 
shall institute robust internal 
controls, comprehensive ethical 
conduct policies, and meaningful 
stakeholder engagement 
mechanisms fostering a culture 
of accountability, eliminating 
upholding exemplary corporate 
governance standards across all 
operations.
Positive and 
Negative
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 98
[page 119]
S. 
No.
Material 
issue
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity
Rationale for identifying
the risk/opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial 
implications
of the risk or 
opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
2
Data 
Privacy and 
Cybersecurity
Risk
TruAlt Bioenergy places 
paramount importance 
on data privacy and 
cybersecurity, recognizing 
them as fundamental 
pillars in safeguarding 
client information and 
preserving stakeholder 
trust. Through strategic 
investments in robust, 
state-of-the-art security 
measures, the Company 
remains steadfast in its 
commitment to preventing 
data breaches and 
ensuring uninterrupted 
business continuity
TruAlt Bioenergy is 
committed to proactively 
mitigating cybersecurity 
risks through the 
implementation 
of advanced IT 
security systems, 
periodic vulnerability 
assessments, and 
stringent data encryption 
protocols, ensuring the 
comprehensive protection 
of critical information 
assets across all 
operational domains.
Negative
3 Risk 
Management Risk
Effective risk management 
is a strategic imperative 
at TruAlt. By proactively 
identifying and mitigating 
risks across a complex 
and evolving business 
landscape, the Company 
stability, protects its 
reputational standing, and 
drives long-term value 
creation, embedding 
resilience and adaptability 
its operational philosophy.
Business risk mitigation 
is a strategic cornerstone 
of TruAlt Bioenergy's 
operational philosophy. 
By instituting a rigorous 
risk management 
framework, conducting 
regular and thorough 
risk assessments, 
and embedding ESG 
principles into every facet 
of decision-making, the 
Company proactively 
addresses operational, 
and regulatory risks, 
ensuring unwavering 
business continuity 
and fortifying long-term 
organizational resilience.
Negative
4
Energy and 
Emissions 
Management
Risk and 
Opportunity
TruAlt Bioenergy adopts 
a disciplined and 
responsible approach 
to energy management 
and emissions reduction, 
recognizing their pivotal 
role in minimizing 
environmental impact and 
advancing a sustainable 
energy future. 
Mitigating energy and 
emissions-related risks is 
Bioenergy. By rigorously 
optimizing process 
investments into cutting-
edge cleaner technologies, 
Positive and 
Negative
99Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
[page 120]
S. 
No.
Material 
issue
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity
Rationale for identifying
the risk/opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial 
implications
of the risk or 
opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
Through continuous 
innovation and adherence 
to evolving stakeholder 
expectations, the Company 
reinforces its credibility as 
a conscientious corporate 
citizen committed to 
environmental stewardship 
and long-term sustainability
and accelerating its 
transition towards 
renewable energy 
sources, the Company 
takes decisive strides in 
reducing its environmental 
footprint and advancing 
a sustainable, low-carbon 
operational future.
5 Climate 
Strategyy Risk
TruAlt Bioenergy’s 
climate strategy is deeply 
embedded within its broader 
organizational mission, 
pillar of its role in the 
renewable energy sector. 
By enabling the proactive 
mitigation of climate-
related risks, unlocking 
emerging opportunities, 
and actively supporting the 
global transition to a low-
carbon future, the Company 
reinforces its standing as a 
credible, responsible, and 
forward-thinking energy 
provider committed to 
sustainable progress.
TruAlt Bioenergy takes 
a decisive and proactive 
stance on climate change 
risk mitigation, driven 
by enhanced energy 
carbon technologies, and 
of feedstock sources. 
By integrating climate 
risk assessments into 
strategic planning, 
investing purposefully 
in renewable energy 
solutions, and maintaining 
vigilant emissions 
monitoring, the Company 
ensures steadfast 
alignment with its climate 
goals and builds lasting 
environmental and 
business resilience
Negative
6
Water and 
Management
Opportunity
Water stewardship is a 
strategic and non-negotiable 
priority at TruAlt Bioenergy. 
Through disciplined 
resource conservation, 
proactive pollution 
reduction, and steadfast 
ecosystem protection, 
the Company upholds its 
unwavering commitment to 
environmental sustainability, 
strengthening its social 
license to operate and 
cementing its reputation 
as a responsible, 
environmentally conscious 
energy provider.
- Positive
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 100
[page 121]
S. 
No.
Material 
issue
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity
Rationale for identifying
the risk/opportunity
In case of risk, 
approach 
to adapt or 
mitigate
Financial 
implications
of the risk or 
opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
7 Waste 
Management Opportunity
TruAlt Bioenergy champions 
environmentally responsible waste 
management as an integral pillar of 
its sustainability agenda. Through the 
rigorous reduction of ecological impact, 
active promotion of recycling, and 
steadfast advancement of a circular 
economy approach, the Company 
strengthens its reputation as a 
responsible energy leader and ensures 
the long-term viability and sustainability 
of its operations.
- Positive
8 Product 
Sustainability Opportunity
Product sustainability is a non-
negotiable strategic priority at TruAlt 
Bioenergy, one that seamlessly 
integrates environmental stewardship 
with market responsiveness and 
long-term growth. By pioneering eco-
conscious, circular, and regenerative 
energy solutions, the Company 
proactively meets evolving regulatory 
demands, responds decisively to 
the surging consumer appetite for 
green energy, and drives meaningful 
reductions in environmental impact. 
This unwavering commitment 
strengthens brand credibility, fuels 
TruAlt Bioenergy’s standing as a trusted 
and visionary leader in the transition 
towards a low-carbon, climate-resilient 
future.
- Positive
9
Human 
Capital 
Development
Opportunity
TruAlt Bioenergy’s greatest strength lies 
in its people. By placing human capital 
development at the heart of its strategic 
agenda and investing purposefully 
in professional growth, holistic well-
being, and leadership excellence, the 
Company cultivates a high-performing, 
diverse, and empowered workforce, 
driving innovation, operational 
excellence, and deep employee 
philosophy strengthens retention, builds 
resilience, and powerfully advances 
TruAlt Bioenergy’s commitment to 
delivering sustainable energy solutions 
with purpose and impact.
- Positive
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 101
[page 122]
S. 
No.
Material 
issue
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity
Rationale for identifying
the risk/opportunity
In case of risk, 
approach 
to adapt or 
mitigate
Financial 
implications
of the risk or 
opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
10 Labour 
Management
Risk and 
Opportunity
At TruAlt Bioenergy, responsible 
labour management transcends 
regulatory compliance, it is a deeply 
held organizational conviction and a 
strategic cornerstone of its broader 
commitment to sustainable and 
ethical operations. By deliberately 
fostering an inclusive, compliant, and 
safe work environment, anchored 
in fair and equitable practices, open 
and transparent communication, 
and stringent safety standards, the 
Company meaningfully enhances 
employee well-being. This people-
proactively mitigates reputational 
risks, cultivates a deeply ingrained 
culture of trust, respect, and 
accountability, and upholds the 
highest standards of labour ethics 
and fundamental human rights. In 
doing so, TruAlt Bioenergy not only 
strengthens its social license to 
operate but also builds enduring 
workforce resilience and operational 
itself as a responsible, principled, 
and purpose-driven corporate leader 
committed to the dignity, safety, and 
empowerment of every individual 
within its workforce.
- Positive and 
Negative
11
Diversity, 
Equity & 
Inclusion
Opportunity
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
are not aspirational ideals at 
TruAlt Bioenergy, they are lived 
organizational values. By cultivating 
a culture of belonging, equity, and 
inclusion, the Company empowers 
a dynamic and agile workforce 
that fuels innovation and drives 
superior business performance. 
This enduring DEI commitment 
strengthens community bonds, 
attracts diverse and exceptional 
Bioenergy’s reputation as a purpose-
driven, inclusive, and forward-
thinking organization.
- Positive
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 102
[page 123]
S. 
No.
Material 
issue
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity
Rationale for identifying
the risk/opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial 
implications
of the risk or 
opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
12 Human 
Rights Risk
TruAlt Bioenergy upholds 
human rights as an 
inviolable cornerstone of its 
ethical business practices, 
ensuring the dignity and 
well-being of every individual 
impacted by its operations. 
By embedding human 
rights principles into its 
policies and practices, the 
Company promotes fairness, 
prevents misconduct, and 
fosters a culture of respect 
and accountability. This 
principled commitment 
strengthens stakeholder 
Bioenergy’s identity as a 
responsible, ethical, and 
purpose-driven organization 
dedicated to sustainable 
business conduct.
Company is actively in the 
process of implementing 
a comprehensive Human 
Rights Policy, meticulously 
aligned with globally 
recognized frameworks 
and standards. Through 
regular and rigorous 
audits, robust grievance 
redressal mechanisms, 
and meaningful employee 
awareness initiatives, 
TruAlt Bioenergy ensures 
the consistent and 
unwavering protection 
of human rights at every 
level of its organizational 
ecosystem, proactively 
identifying and decisively 
addressing critical risks 
including forced labour, 
discrimination, and unsafe 
working conditions.
Negative
13
Employee 
Health and 
Safety
Risk
At TruAlt Bioenergy, the 
health and safety of every 
employee truly matter. 
The Company actively 
promotes a culture of 
care and accountability 
by putting in place clear 
safety procedures, 
ongoing training, and early 
commitment to workforce 
safety not only keeps 
operations running smoothly 
but also strengthens 
employee well-being and 
builds lasting trust with all 
stakeholders
TruAlt Bioenergy is 
committed to keeping its 
workplace safe by putting 
in place strong safety 
protocols, carrying out 
regular risk assessments, 
and providing thorough 
training to all employees 
across its operations. 
The Company actively 
promotes a strong safety 
culture by continuously 
monitoring the workplace, 
ensuring the proper use 
of personal protective 
equipment (PPE), and 
following all relevant 
national and international 
safety standards.
Negative
14 Sustainable 
Value Chain
Risk and 
Opportunity
At TruAlt Bioenergy, building 
a sustainable value chain 
is about more than just 
business, it is about doing 
At TruAlt Bioenergy, 
building a reliable and 
responsible supply chain is 
a shared commitment. The 
Company strengthens its 
supplier relationships, 
Positive and 
Negative
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 103
[page 124]
S. 
No.
Material 
issue
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity
Rationale for identifying
the risk/opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial 
implications
of the risk or 
opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
the right thing for people, the 
planet, and the communities 
the Company serves. By 
working hand in hand with 
suppliers and stakeholders, 
TruAlt Bioenergy promotes 
shared responsibility, 
reducing environmental 
impact, improving product 
quality, and managing 
risks effectively. This 
collaborative and values-
driven approach strengthen 
the Company’s reputation 
and contributes to a cleaner, 
more responsible energy 
ecosystem
sources from diverse 
regions, and invests in 
long-term partnerships 
built on trust and mutual 
place strong due diligence 
and traceability systems, 
TruAlt Bioenergy ensures 
that its raw materials are 
of the highest quality, 
ethically sourced, and 
fully compliant with 
regulations. A focus on 
local procurement further 
reduces transportation 
risks and helps build 
a supply chain that is 
resilient, responsible, and 
ready for the future.
15 Community 
Development Opportunity
At TruAlt Bioenergy, giving 
back to the communities 
where it operates is a deeply 
held commitment. The 
Company actively engages 
with local communities, 
supports education, and 
drives initiatives that 
promote economic growth 
and improve social well-
being. By building genuine 
and lasting relationships 
with the people it serves, 
TruAlt Bioenergy creates 
shared value, strengthens 
its social license to 
operate, and contributes 
meaningfully to a more 
inclusive and sustainable 
future for all.
- Positive
16 Customer 
Relationship Opportunity
TruAlt Bioenergy places 
great importance on building 
and maintaining strong 
customer relationships to 
enhance satisfaction and 
support long-term business 
success. 
- Positive
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 104
[page 125]
S. 
No.
Material 
issue
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity
Rationale for identifying
the risk/opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial 
implications
of the risk or 
opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
Through clear 
communication, reliable 
service, and regular 
engagement, the Company 
delivers solutions tailored 
to each customer’s needs 
and builds lasting loyalty. 
By putting customers at the 
heart of everything it does, 
TruAlt Bioenergy responds 
effectively to changing 
expectations, drives 
innovation, and strengthens 
its reputation as a trusted 
partner in the sustainable 
energy transition.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 105
[page 126]
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
Disclosure                                               
Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Policy and management processes
1.a. Whether your 
entity’s policies 
cover each 
principle and its 
core elements 
of the NGRBCs. 
(Yes/No)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
b. Has the policy 
been approved by 
the Board? 
(Yes/No)
Yes No Yes Under 
progress Yes No No Yes No
c. Web Link of 
the Policies, if 
available
https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/investor-relations
 2. Whether 
the entity has 
translated the 
policy into 
procedures. 
(Yes / No)
Yes Under 
progress Yes Under 
progress Yes Under 
progress
Under 
progress Yes Yes
3. Do the enlisted   
policies extend to 
your value chain 
partners? (Yes/
No)
Yes Under 
progress Yes Under 
progress Yes Under 
progress
Under 
progress Yes Yes
4. Name of the 
national and 
international 
codes/
labels/ standards 
adopted by 
your entity and 
mapped to each 
principle.
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited is committed to upholding robust sustainability and responsibility 
relevant frameworks aligned with its strategic objectives and values, including the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
commitments, 
goals and targets 
set by the entity 
timelines, if any.
The Company commenced its sustainability journey in FY 2025–26, marking the start of a long-
term commitment to environmental stewardship, social responsibility, and strong governance 
targets, driving measurable progress and continuous improvement. Sustainability considerations 
will be increasingly embedded into business operations, guiding decision-making and supporting 
the Company’s long-term growth strategy.
6. Performance 
of the entity 
against the 
commitments, 
goals, and 
targets along 
with reasons in 
case the same 
are not met.
Not applicable
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 106
[page 127]
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
The entity does not consider the Principles material to 
its business (Yes/No)
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to 
principles (Yes/No)
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to 
principles (Yes/No)
technical resources available for the task (Yes/No)
(Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify)
Governance, leadership, and oversight
7.Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG -related challenges, 
targets, and achievements
Refer to the Director’s message on Page No. 29 of the Annual Report
8. Details of the highest authority responsible 
for implementation and oversight of the 
Business Responsibility policy (ies).
Board of Directors
of the Board/ Director responsible for decision 
making on sustainability-related issues? If yes, 
provide details
No
10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for Review
Indicate whether review was 
undertaken by Director / Committee 
of the Board/ Any other Committee
Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any  
other – please specify)
P
1
P
2
P
3
P
4
P
5
P
6
P
7
P
8
P
9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against 
above policies and 
follow up action
Director Annually
Compliance 
with statutory 
requirements of 
relevance to the 
principles, and 
non-compliances
Director Quarterly
Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ 
evaluation of the working of its policies by an external 
agency? (Yes/No)
P1
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
No No No No No No No No No No
If yes, provide name 
of the agency. NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e., not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:  
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 107
[page 128]
This section is aimed at helping entities demonstrate their performance in integrating the Principles and Core 
Elements with key processes and decisions. The information sought is categorized as “Essential” and “Leadership.” 
While the essential indicators are expected to be disclosed by every entity that is mandated to ﬁle this report, the 
leadership indicators may be voluntarily disclosed by entities which aspire to progress to a higher level in their quest 
to be socially, environmentally, and ethically responsible.
PRINCIPLE 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that 
is Ethical, Transparent and Accountable.
1.  Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the ﬁnancial year:
2. Details of ﬁnes / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by 
the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the ﬁnancial 
year in the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as speciﬁed in 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the 
entity’s website):
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
Essential Indicators
Segment
Total number of 
training and awareness 
programmes held
Topics / principles covered 
under the training and its impact
%age of persons in respective 
category covered by the awareness 
Board of Directors 3 ESG, Business operations 
& Regulatory compliances 100%
Key Managerial 
Personnel 2 ESG, Business operations 
& Regulatory compliances 100%
Employees 
other than BoD 
and KMPs
413 Health & Safety 100%
Workers 952 Health & Safety 100%
Monetary
NGRBC 
Principle
Name of the 
regulatory/ enforcement 
agencies/
judicial institutions
Amount 
(In INR)
Brief of 
the Case
Has an appeal been 
preferred? (Yes/No)
Penalty/ Fine
Not ApplicableSettlement
Compounding fee
Non-Monetary
NGRBC 
Principle
Name of the 
regulatory/ enforcement 
agencies/ 
judicial institutions
Brief of the Case Has an appeal been 
preferred? (Yes/No)
Imprisonment Not Applicable
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 108
[page 129]
4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, 
provide a web-link to the policy.   
Yes, TruAlt Bioenergy has established a comprehensive anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy that promotes ethical 
conduct and transparency in all business dealings. The policy strictly prohibits all forms of bribery, including 
kickbacks, facilitation payments, and money laundering. It also provides clear guidelines on gifts, hospitality, 
expenses, as well as donations and sponsorships. Employees and associates are required to adhere to the policy, 
report any suspected breaches, and undergo relevant training. The company also carries out periodic risk 
assessments and maintains a secure, conﬁdential reporting mechanism to enable individuals to report concerns 
without fear of retaliation.
Policy Link
5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law 
enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:  
7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to ﬁnes/penalties / action taken by 
regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conﬂicts of interest.
None
8. Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the 
following format:
9. Open-ness of business
Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties 
along-with loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
6. Details of complaints with regard to conﬂict of interest: 
3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where 
monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed: 
Case Details Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/ judicial 
institutions
Not Applicable
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Directors 0 0
KMPs 0 0
Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Number Remarks Number     Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation to 0 Not Applicable 0 Not Applicable
Number of complaints received in relation to 0 Not Applicable 0 Not Applicable
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Number of days of accounts payables 89 139
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 109
[page 130]
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the principles during the ﬁnancial year: 
2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conﬂict of interests involving members of the Board? 
(Yes/No) If yes, provide details of the same.
Yes,
The Board of Directors has duly approved and adopted the Policy on Related Party Transactions and the Policy on 
Materiality, as ratiﬁed in the meeting held on March 21, 2024. This reﬂects the company’s commitment to 
maintaining high standards of corporate governance, transparency, and accountability in its dealings with related 
parties and in the disclosure of material information.
Leadership Indicators
Parameter Metrics FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Concentration of   
Purchases
a. Purchases from trading houses as % of total 
purchases 100% 100
b. Number of trading houses where purchases are made 
from 633 1078
c. Purchases from Top 10 trading houses as % of total 
purchases from trading houses 33.01% 23.43%
Concentration of Sales
a. Sales to dealer/ distributers as % of total sales 85.91% 91.4%
b. Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are 
made 7 5
c. Sales to top 10 dealer/ distributers as % of total sales 
to dealer/distributers 85.91% 91.4%
Share of RPTs in
a.   Purchases (Purchases with related parties /Total 
Purchases) 62.35% 81.32%
b. Sales (Sales to related parties / Total Sales) 6.17% 4.29%
c. Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related 
parties as % of Total loans & advances) 55.77% 4.43%
d. Investments (Investments in related parties/Total 
Investments made) 91.77% 79.50%
Total number of awareness 
programmes held
Topics/principles covered 
under the training
%age of value chain partners covered (by value of 
business done with such partners) under the 
awareness programmes
The Company has currently not undertaken awareness programmes for the value chain partners however plans to 
do so in the forthcoming years.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 110
[page 131]
PRINCIPLE 2 Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable 
and safe
1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (CAPEX) investments in speciﬁc technologies to improve the 
environmental and social impacts of products and processes to total R&D and CAPEX investments made by the 
entity, respectively.
2.  a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)
No, while the Company currently does not have a policy and procedure in place for sustainable sourcing, it plans to 
undertake the same in the forthcoming years.
     b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably? 
 NIL
3.  Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling, and disposing at the end 
of life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste. 
4.  Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Yes / No). If yes, whether 
the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution 
Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same. 
Yes
The distillery’s waste management strategy is fully integrated with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) 
framework. It guarantees a systematic approach to the collection, segregation, storage, transportation, and 
environmentally responsible management of all EPR-applicable wastes generated during operations. The discharge 
of post-consumer waste responsibilities is meticulously fulﬁlled through partnerships with authorized recyclers, 
processors, and registered Producer Responsibility Organizations (PROs), ensuring strict adherence to CPCB and 
SPCB guidelines.
Leadership Indicators
1. Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for the 
manufacturing industry) or for its services (for the service industry)? If yes, provide details:
Essential Indicators
Amount Percentage Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts
R&D (in INR Crores) - - -
Capex (in INR Crores) - - -
Type of waste Mechanism
Plastics (including packaging)
Not applicable. Our products do not generate Plastic waste, 
E-waste or any other material hazardous waste.
E-waste
Hazardous waste
Other waste
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 111
[page 132]
2. If there are any signiﬁcant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of 
your products / services, as identiﬁed in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other 
means, brieﬂy describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.
3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing 
industry) or providing services (for service industry). 
4. Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled, 
and safely disposed:  
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product   category.
Name of Product / Service Description of the risk / concern Action Taken
Not Applicable
Indicate input material Recycled or re-used input material to total material
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Molasses 100% 100%
Bagasse 100% 100%
Raw CO2 100% 100%
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Re-Used Recycled Safely 
Disposed Re-Used Recycled Safely 
Disposed
Plastics (including 
packaging) 0.165 0.150  0.1  0.276 0.198 0.15 
E-waste 0 0  0 0 0  0
Hazardous waste 0 0  0 0 0  0
Other waste 0 0  0 0 0  0
Indicate product category Reclaimed products and their packaging materials 
as % of total products sold in respective category
Not Applicable
NIC 
Code
Name of 
Product
/Service
% of total
Turnover
contributed
Boundary for 
which the Life
Cycle Perspective 
/Assessment was 
conducted
Whether 
conducted 
by independent
external agency 
(Yes/No)
Results communicated
in public domain
(Yes/No) If yes, provide
the web-link.
11019 1G Ethanol 78.72% Cradle to Grave Yes
Detailed reports are 
provided to customers / 
suppliers on request
19201
Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel 
(SAF)
SAF plant 
commissioning 
is currently 
underway
Cradle to Grave Yes
Detailed reports are 
provided to customers / 
suppliers on request
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 112
[page 133]
PRINCIPLE 3 Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including 
those in their value chains
% of employees covered by
Category
Total 
(A)
Health 
insurance
Accident 
insurance
Maternity Paternity Day Care
facilities
Number 
(B)        % (B / A) Number 
(C) % (C / A) Number 
(D) % (D / A) Number 
(E) % (E / A) Number 
(F) % (F / A)
Permanent employees
Male 323 312 96.59% 323 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 12 12 100% 12 100% 12 100% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 335 324 100% 335 100% 12 3.58% 0 0% 0 0%
Other than Permanent employees
Male 83 82 98.79% 83 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 83 82 98.79% 83 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
% of workers covered by
Category
Total 
(A)
Health 
insurance
Accident 
insurance
Maternity Paternity Day Care
facilities
Number 
(B)        % (B / A) Number 
(C) % (C / A) Number 
(D) % (D / A) Number 
(E) % (E / A) Number 
(F) % (F / A)
Permanent workers
Male 505 485 96.03% 505 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 505 485 96.03% 505 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Other than Permanent workers
Male 444 428 96.39% 444 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 3 3 100% 3 100% 3 100% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 447 431 96.42% 447 100% 3 0.67% 0 0% 0 0%
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Cost incurred on well- being measures as a % of total revenue 
of the company 0.013% 0.014%
c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than 
permanent) in the following format –
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 113
[page 134]
2. Details of retirement beneﬁts.
3. Accessibility of workplaces: 
Are the premises / oﬃces of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the 
requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the 
entity in this regard
Yes
4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, 
provide a web-link to the policy.
While we do not have a standalone policy, our Employee Handbook includes an Anti-Discrimination, Harassment, 
and Abuse Policy that ensures fair and equal treatment of all employees and promotes an inclusive workplace.
5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
6. Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and 
worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
7. Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees
No. of workers 
covered as a % 
of total workers  
 
Deducted and 
deposited with 
the authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees
No. of workers 
covered 
as a % of 
total workers  
Deducted 
and deposited 
with the authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
Provident Fund 100% 100% Y 100% 100% Y
Gratuity 100% 100% Y 100% 100% Y
ESI 34.62% 57.22% Y 40% 60% Y
Others-please 
specify
Gender
Permanent employees Permanent workers
Return to work rate Retention rate Return to work rate Retention rate
Male 0 0
Female 0
0
0 0 0
Total 0 0 0 0
Yes/No Yes/No (If yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers No
Not ApplicableOther than Permanent Workers No
Permanent Employees No
Other than Permanent Employees No
Category
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total 
employees /
workers in 
respective
category (A)
No. of employees / 
workers in respective 
category, who are part 
of association(s) or
Union (B)
% (B / A)
Total employees /
workers in 
respective
category (C)
No. of employees / 
workers in respective 
category, who are part 
of association(s) or
Union (D)
% (D/ C)
Total Permanent Employees
Male 323 0 0% 342 0 0%
Female 12 0 0% 7 0 0%
Total 335 0 0% 349 0 0%
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 114
[page 135]
10. Health and safety management system:
a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/ No). 
If yes, the coverage such system
Yes, the Company has implemented a comprehensive Occupational Health and Safety Management System, 
ensuring complete coverage across all relevant facilities, processes, and protocols.
b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis 
by the entity?
The Company adopts a proactive approach towards employee health and safety through structured hazard 
management practices. Regular inspections and established Hazard Identiﬁcation and Risk Assessment (HIRA) 
processes form the foundation of its safety framework, enabling identiﬁcation and mitigation of potential risks 
across operations. This approach promotes a culture of vigilance and accountability, ensuring that employees 
operate in a safe and secure work environment. 
8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:
Category
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total 
employees /
workers in 
respective
category (A)
No. of employees / 
workers in respective 
category, who are part 
of association(s) or
Union (B)
% (B / A)
Total employees /
workers in 
respective
category (C)
No. of employees / 
workers in respective 
category, who are part 
of association(s) or
Union (D)
% (D/ C)
Total Permanent Workers
Male 505 0 0% 763 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 6 0 0%
Total 505 0 0% 769 0 0%
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total 
(A)
On Health and 
safety measures On Skill upgradation Total (D) On Health and 
safety measures
On Skill 
upgradation
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) No. (E) % (E / D) No. (F) % (F / D)
Employees
Male 323 255 79% 323 100% 342 342 100% 200 58.4%
Female 12 12 100% 12 100% 7 7 100% 0 0%
Total 335 267 79.70% 335 100% 349 349 100% 200 57.3%
Workers
Male 949 604 63.6% 949 100% 763 150 19.7% 140 18.3%
Female 3 3 100% 952 100% 6 0 0 0 0%
Total 952 607 63.8%  952 100% 769 150 19.5% 140 18.2%
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A) No. (B) % (B / A) Total (C) No. (D) % (D / C)
Employees
Male 323 323 100% 342 342 100%
Female 12  12 100% 7 7 100%
Total 335  335 100% 349 349 100%
Workers
Male  949  949 100% 763 763 100%
Female  03  03 100% 6 6 100%
Total 952  952 100% 769 769 100%
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 115
[page 136]
Leadership Indicators
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees 
(Y/N) (B) Workers (Y/N).
c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from such 
risks. (Yes/ No)
Yes
d. Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Yes/ 
No).
Yes
11. Details of safety related incidents: 
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace
The Company undertakes a range of measures to ensure a safe and healthy workplace. These include regular 
training and awareness programs to educate employees on potential hazards and safety practices. Safety signage 
is prominently displayed across facilities to highlight potential risks. Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) is 
provided to employees to minimize exposure to hazards. These measures support accident prevention and foster a 
strong safety culture, ensuring a secure working environment. The effectiveness of these initiatives is periodically 
monitored and reviewed. Employee well-being remains a key priority.
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
14. Assessments for the year:
Safety Incident/Number Category* FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) 
per one million-person hours worked)
Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
No. of fatalities Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
High consequence work-related injury  
or ill-health (excluding fatalities)
Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
*Including in the contract workforce
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks Filed during 
the year
Pending  
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks
Working Conditions 0 0 Not Applicable 0 0 Not Applicable
Health & Safety 0 0 Not Applicable 0 0 Not Applicable
(Y/N)
Employees Yes
Workers Yes
authorities or third parties)
Health and safety practices -
Working conditions -
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 116
[page 137]
Total no. of affected employees/ 
workers
No. of employees/workers that are rehabilitated and placed 
in suitable employment or whose family members have been 
placed in suitable employment
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Employees 0 0 0 0
Workers 0 0 0 0
2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited 
by the value chain partners. 
3. Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work-related injury / ill-health / 
fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable 
employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:
 
4. Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the 
management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No) 
Yes
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 117
[page 138]
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity. 
We acknowledge the critical role of stakeholder engagement in achieving our sustainability objectives. Accordingly, we 
have systematically identiﬁed key stakeholder groups that signiﬁcantly inﬂuence our business operations and strategic 
priorities. These include farmers, employees, customers, suppliers, local communities, government and regulatory 
bodies, and shareholders. Through continuous engagement with these stakeholders, we aim to promote transparency, 
strengthen collaboration, and drive sustainable outcomes that create shared value. Our approach ensures that business 
practices remain environmentally and socially responsible while addressing stakeholder expectations. By adopting this 
structured engagement process, we strive to enhance long-term stakeholder well-being and foster a culture of 
sustainability and accountability across our operations.
2. List stakeholder groups identiﬁed as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder 
group.
PRINCIPLE 4 Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
Stakeholder 
Group
Whether 
Vulnerable & 
Marginalized 
Group (Yes/
No)
Channels of 
communication (Email, 
SMS, Newspaper, 
Pamphlets, Advertisement, 
Community Meetings, 
Notice Board, Website), 
Other
Frequency of 
engagement 
(Annually/ Half 
yearly/ Quarterly 
/ others – please 
specify)
Purpose and scope of 
engagement including key 
topics and concerns raised 
during such engagement
Farmers Yes Message, Meetings, 
Notice Board Ongoing
We are driving a sustainable 
sugarcane cultivation and 
sourcing program aimed 
at improving farming 
practices. Our initiative 
supports farmers by 
equipping their tractors with 
advanced CNG kits, helping 
environmental impact, 
and transform traditional 
agricultural operations.
Employees No
Regular emails
Communication / town 
code of conduct
grievance redressal 
mechanism, wellness 
initiatives exit 
interviews
Ongoing and 
need based 
We focus on employee 
development through 
structured talent 
management and skill-
building initiatives. Our 
approach emphasizes 
adherence to the Code of 
Conduct, ethical standards, 
and organizational policies. 
We also promote capacity 
building, fair compensation 
learning opportunities, and 
overall improvement in 
employee performance and 
well-being.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 118
[page 139]
Stakeholder 
Group
Whether 
Vulnerable & 
Marginalized 
Group (Yes/
No)
Channels of 
communication (Email, 
SMS, Newspaper, 
Pamphlets, Advertisement, 
Community Meetings, 
Notice Board, Website), 
Other
Frequency of 
engagement 
(Annually/ Half 
yearly/ Quarterly 
/ others – please 
specify)
Purpose and scope of 
engagement including key 
topics and concerns raised 
during such engagement
Customers No
Website, grievance 
and feedback systems, 
helpdesk support, 
customer interaction 
meetings, and satisfaction 
surveys
Ongoing
We ensure robust after-sales 
support and structured 
feedback mechanisms. We 
emphasize transparency 
in ESG practices and 
sustainable operations 
while strengthening product 
quality, safety, and labelling 
standards to build customer 
trust.
Suppliers No
Communication and 
partnership meet
vendor assessment 
questionnaires vendor 
meets contract / 
Agreements
Ongoing and 
need based
CSR activities
We focus on building long-
term partnerships through 
collaborative initiatives. 
Our approach promotes 
responsible sourcing, 
along with systematic 
supplier assessment and 
performance management.
Communities Yes(Partly)
CSR projects meetings
community visits, 
volunteerism
Ongoing and 
need based
CSR activities
We undertake initiatives 
aimed at enhancing 
education, livelihoods, 
and healthcare access. 
These efforts support 
community development, 
strengthen social cohesion, 
and address climate-
related challenges faced by 
vulnerable groups.
Government 
and 
regulatory 
authority
No
Submission of 
compliance reports
Participation in local/
State/ national 
government Seminars 
& conferences, Media 
releases, Visits from 
regulators
Ongoing and 
need based
We ensure strict compliance 
with applicable regulations 
and remain updated 
on policy changes. Our 
engagement supports timely 
alignment with evolving 
regulatory requirements.
Investors and
shareholders No
Annual general 
meetings-mail media 
releases, company 
website
Annually/ 
quarterly/
need based
We maintain transparent 
ESG performance, enabling 
informed decision-making 
and facilitating access to 
investment opportunities.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 119
[page 140]
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and 
social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
The Company has established structured mechanisms to facilitate consultation with stakeholders on economic, 
environmental, and social (ESG) matters, either directly with the Board or through delegated management channels, 
in alignment with the BRSR framework prescribed by the principles of the NGRBC issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs. Shareholders and investors engage directly with the Board through forums such as Annual General 
Meetings, while other stakeholders including employees, farmers, customers, suppliers, local communities, and 
regulators are engaged through respective functional teams such as HR, procurement, business, CSR, and 
compliance functions. Feedback and key concerns arising from such engagements are consolidated by the 
management and periodically presented to the Managing Director and the Board or its Committees, including the 
Audit Committee and CSR Committee, for review and guidance whenever necessary. Through this structured 
approach, the Company ensures that stakeholder perspectives are effectively integrated into its decision-making 
processes at the highest level.
2. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identiﬁcation and management of environmental, and 
social topics (Yes / No).  If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on 
these topics were incorporated into policies and activities of the entity. 
No. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 120
[page 141]
PRINCIPLE 5 Businesses should respect and promote human rights
Essential Indicators
1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity:
Category
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A) No. of employees / 
workers covered (B) % (B / A) Total C No. of employees / 
workers covered (D) % (D / C)
Employees
Permanent 335 335 100% 275 275 100%
Other than permanent 83 83 100% 74 74 100%
Total 418 418 100% 349 349 100%
Workers
Permanent 505 505 100% 439 439 100%
Other than permanent 447 447 100% 330 330 100%
Total 952 952 100% 769 769 100%
Category
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A)
Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum Wage Total (D)
Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum Wage
No. (B) % (B / A) No. C % (C / A) No. E % (E / D) No. (F) % (F / D)
Employees
Permanent
Male 323 68 21.05% 255 78.94% 268 0 0% 268 100%
Female 12 0 0% 12 100% 7 0 0% 7 100%
Other than Permanent
Male 83 83 100% 0 0% 74 74 100% 0 100%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Workers
Permanent
Male 505 210 41.58% 295 58.41% 439 439 100% 0 100%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Other than Permanent
Male 444 444 100% 0 0% 324 324 100% 0 0%
Female 3 3 100% 0 0% 6 6 100% 6 100%
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers:
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages: 
a. Median renumeration/wages
Male Female
Number Median remuneration/ salary/ 
wages of respective category Number Median remuneration/ salary/ 
wages of respective category
Board of Directors (BoD) 3 25744162 0 0
Key Managerial Personnel 2 625827 0 0
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 121
[page 142]
8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
The Company recognizes its responsibility to address human rights concerns and is committed to providing 
appropriate remedies and mitigation measures where risks arise. It promotes a culture of transparency and open 
communication, encouraging stakeholders to report concerns related to discrimination and harassment. 
4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues 
caused or contributed to by the business?
Yes
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
Employees can report concerns through designated channels such as a grievance HR department. All complaints 
are handled conﬁdentially and investigated promptly by a responsible committee
6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
7. Complaints ﬁled under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) 
Act, 2013, in the following format:
b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity 4.44% 4.20%
Male Female
Number Median remuneration/ salary/ 
wages of respective category Number Median remuneration/ salary/ 
wages of respective category
Employees other than BoD 
and KMP 413 23368 11 66083
Workers 952 13830 3 8500
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Filed during 
the year
Pending resolution 
at the end of year Remarks Filed during 
the year
Pending resolution 
at the end of year Remarks 
Sexual 
Harassment 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable
Discrimination at 
workplace 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable
Child Labour 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable
Forced Labour/ 
Involuntary Labour 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable
Wages 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable
Human Rights 
Issues 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibitionand Redressal) 
Act, 2013 (POSH)
0 0
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers 0 0
Complaints on POSH upheld 0 0
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 122
[page 143]
11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address signiﬁcant risks / concerns arising from 
the assessments at Question 10 above.
The scope includes employee welfare, occupational health and safety, ethical employment practices, 
non-discrimination and stakeholder grievance mechanisms.
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of a business process being modiﬁed / introduced as a result of addressing human rights 
grievances/complaints.  
In response to human rights grievances, we have enhanced our employee reporting channels to ensure they are 
more accessible and maintain strict conﬁdentiality. Additionally, we have integrated human rights due diligence into 
our operational procedures to proactively address and prevent such issues.
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due diligence conducted. 
No
3. Is the premise/oﬃce of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights 
of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? 
Yes
Upon receiving a complaint, the designated authority undertakes prompt and impartial investigation, ensuring fair 
and timely resolution. Measures like conducting regular training and awareness sessions are implemented to 
safeguard the rights, dignity, and well-being of the complainant, thereby preventing any adverse consequences.
9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)
Yes
10. Assessments for the year: 
(by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
 Child labour 0%
 Forced/involuntary labour 0%
 Sexual harassment 0%
 Discrimination at workplace 0%
 Wages 0%
 Others – please specify 0%
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 123
[page 144]
Essential Indicators
1. Details of total energy consumption (GJ) and energy intensity:
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency?
No
2. Does the entity have any sites / facilities identiﬁed as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, 
Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT 
scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
Not Applicable
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A) 202557.52 23114
Total fuel consumption (B) 1519381.94 183160
Energy consumption through other sources (C) 11381.23 1021
Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C) 1733320.69 207295
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D) 10631.34 14300
Total fuel consumption (E) 50289.17 59115.35
Energy consumption through other sources (F) 9885.08 3810
Total energy   consumed   from   non-renewable sources (D+E+F) 70805.59 542507
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) 1740401.28 619732.35
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (GJ/ ₹ Cr)
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations) 1020.97 1008.33
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power 
Parity* (PPP) (GJ/Million $) (Total energy consumed / Revenue from 
operations adjusted for PPP)
2076.65 2018.18
Energy intensity in terms of physical output - -
Energy intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected 
by the entity
PRINCIPLE 6 Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water 11,86,378 10,09,430
(ii) Groundwater 0 0
(iii) Third party water 0 0
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water 0 0
(v) Others 0 0
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 124
[page 145]
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
No
4. Provide the following details related to water discharged:
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
No
5. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and 
implementation.
Yes,
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total volume of water withdrawal
(in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 11,82,378 10,09,430
Total volume of water consumption
(in kilolitres) 11,82,378 10,09,430
Water intensity per rupee of  turnover (KL/₹ Cr)
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations) 693.61 520.13
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing 
Power Parity* (PPP) (KL/Million $) (Total water consumption / 
Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
1410.82 1074.59
Water intensity in terms of physical output - -
Water intensity (optional) – the r elevant metric may be selected by 
the entity
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) To Surface water
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify le vel of treatment 0 0
(ii) To Groundwater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify le vel of treatment 0 0
(iii) To Seawater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify le vel of treatment 0 0
(iv) Sent to third-parties
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify le vel of treatment 0 0
(v) Others
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify le vel of treatment 0 0
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 0 0
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 125
[page 146]
6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity:
Parameter Please specify unit FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
NOx Tonnes 134.38 67.02
SOx Tonnes 45.01 81.88
Particulate matter (PM) Tonnes 333.35 325.5
Persistent organic pollutants (POP) - 0 0
Volatile organic compounds (VOC) - 0 0
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP) - 0 0
Others – Carbon mono xide (CO) Tonnes 0 0
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency?  
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
7. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity:
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency
No
8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If yes, then provide details. 
Yes
Parameter Unit FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of 
the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, 
PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric Tonnes of CO2 
equivalent
The company has recently initiated the tracking of 
these KPIs and is committed to sharing the data 
in the forthcoming years as part of its ongoing 
efforts to enhance transparency and performance
measurement.
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of 
the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, 
PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric Tonnes of CO2 
equivalent
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission 
intensity per rupee of turnover
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions / Revenue from operations)
Metric Tonnes of CO2 
equivalent / INR Cr of 
turnover 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission 
intensity per rupee of turnover 
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP)*
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions / Revenue from operations 
adjusted for PPP)
Metric Tonnes of CO2 
equivalent / Million $
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of physical output
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission 
intensity (optional) – the relevant 
metric may be selected by the entity
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 126
[page 147]
The Company has undertaken several initiatives to reduce its environmental footprint through adoption of 
sustainable energy practices. It utilizes bagasse and spent wash as biofuels to power steam turbines, thereby 
reducing dependence on fossil fuels and lowering greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, a carbon capture system 
has been implemented to capture CO ₂ emissions generated during the fermentation process. The captured CO ₂ is 
further processed and utilized in the form of solid CO ₂ or dry ice, contributing to emission reduction and improved 
resource eﬃciency. These initiatives collectively support the Company’s transition towards more sustainable and 
low-carbon operations.
9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity:
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
No. 
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Waste generated (in metric Tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) 0.28 0.398
E-waste (B) 0 0
Bio-medical waste (C) 0 0
Construction and demolition waste (D) 0 0
Battery waste (E) 0 0
Radioactive waste (F) 0 0
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) 0.985 1.45
Non-hazardous waste generated (H):
Sludge 0
Used Oil 0
Boiler Ash 0
Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G + H) 1.265 1.848
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Waste intensity per rupee of    turnover (MT/INR Cr.)
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations) 0.00074 0.0009
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for 
Purchasing Power Parity *(PPP) (MT/ $ Million)*
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted 
for PPP)
0.00000089 0.0019
Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be
selected by the entity - -
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other 
recovery operations (in metric Tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Recycled 0.44 0.578
(ii) Re-used 0.55 0.82
(iii) Other recovery operations 0.275 0.150
Total 1.265 1.548
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Incineration 0.725 0.515
0 0
(iii) Other disposal operations 0 0
Total 0.725 0.515
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 127
[page 148]
10. Brieﬂy describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy 
adopted by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and 
the practices adopted to manage such wastes.
We follow a structured and responsible approach to waste management to minimize environmental impact. Empty 
plastic containers are repurposed, and used oil is collected and handed over to authorized recyclers for reuse. 
Oil-soaked cotton waste is disposed of through incineration at a KSPC-approved facility, ensuring safe and 
compliant disposal. These practices support effective waste handling, reduce environmental risks, and promote 
responsible resource management across our operations.
11. If the entity has operations/oﬃces in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife 
sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where 
environmental approvals/clearances are required, please specify details:
Leadership Indicators
1. Water withdrawal, consumption, and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres): 
For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information: 
(i) Name of the area: Kallapur SK Village
(ii) Nature of operations: Distillery Unit
(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption, and discharge:
13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India, such as the 
Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment 
protection act and rules thereunder. If not, provide details of all such non-compliances:
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in 
the current ﬁnancial year:
S. No. Type of operations 
Whether the conditions of environmental approval / 
clearance are being complied with? (Y/N) If no, the 
reasons thereof and corrective action taken, if any. 
Not Applicable
Name and 
brief details 
of project
EIA 
No.
Date
Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Yes / No)
Results ommunicated 
in public domain 
(Yes / No)
Relevant 
Web link
Not Applicable
S. No.
Specify the law / regulation 
/ guidelines which was not 
complied with
Provide details of the 
non-compliance
/ action taken by 
regulatory agencies 
such as pollution control 
boards or by courts
Corrective action 
taken, if any
Yes, we are compliant with all applicable laws and guidelines
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water 226442 257210
(ii) Groundwater - -
(iii) Third party water - -
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water - -
(v) Others - -
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 128
[page 149]
(i) Name of the area: Jalageri Village
(ii) Nature of operations: Distillery Unit
(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption, and discharge:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) 226442 257210
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 226442 257210
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed 
/ turnover) 132.83 132.53
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be 
selected by the entity - -
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) Into Surface water
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(ii) Into Groundwater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iii) Into Seawater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iv) Sent to third parties
-  No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(v) Others
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 0 0
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water 217553 15494
(ii) Groundwater 0 0
(iii) Third party water 0 0
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water 0 0
(v) Others 0 0
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) 217553 15494
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 217553 15494
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water 
consumed / turnover) 127.62 7.98
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric 
may be selected by the entity
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) Into Surface water
- No treatment 15494 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 129
[page 150]
(i) Name of the area: TBL UNIT -1  MUDHOL
(ii) Nature of operations: Distillery Unit
(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption, and discharge
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
(ii) Into Groundwater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iii) Into Seawater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iv) Sent to third parties
-  No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(v) Others
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 15494 0
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water 588192 583726
(ii) Groundwater 0 0
(iii) Third party water 0 0
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water 0 0
(v) Others 0 0
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) 588192 583726
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 588192 583726
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed 
/ turnover) 345.05 300.78
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric 
may be selected by the entity
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) Into Surface water
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(ii) Into Groundwater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iii) Into Seawater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iv) Sent to third parties
-  No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 130
[page 151]
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity:
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
No
3. With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 10 of Essential Indicators above, provide 
details of signiﬁcant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and 
remediation activities. 
Not Applicable
4. If the entity has undertaken any speciﬁc initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource 
eﬃciency, or reduce impact due to emissions / eﬄuent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the 
same as well as outcome of such initiatives:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
(v) Others
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 0 0
Parameter Unit FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Scope 3 emissions 
(Break-up of the GHG 
into CO2, CH4, N2O, 
HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if 
available)
Metric Tonnes of CO2 
equivalent
Presently, the Company does not track these details. 
However, we look forward to monitoring the same in the 
future.
Total Scope 3 emissions 
per rupee of turnover 
Total Scope 3 emission 
intensity (optional) – the 
relevant metric may be 
selected by the entity 
Sr. 
No
Initiative 
undertaken
Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may be provided 
along-with summary) Outcome of the initiative
1 Air Pollution 
Control
We have installed a wet scrubber as part of our air pollution 
control equipment to effectively reduce emissions and 
improve ambient air quality across operations.
improved air quality, and enhanced 
regulatory compliance.
2 Water 
Conservation
We have implemented a Process Cooling and Treatment 
Plant (PCTP) to treat and reuse process water, thereby 
optimizing water usage and reducing freshwater 
dependency.
Reduced water footprint, improved 
sustainable water management 
practices.
3 Emissions 
Reduction
We have installed an Electrostatic Precipitator (ESP) and 
emissions and minimize particulate matter.
Noticeable reduction in particulate 
emissions and improved control 
over air pollutants, ensuring better 
environmental performance.
4 Water Quality 
Enhancement
We have upgraded our PCTP by installing a new UV lamp 
system and advanced RO membranes to enhance the 
quality of recycled water.
Improved quality of treated water, 
further reduction in environmental 
impact.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 131
[page 152]
5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link.
Yes
We have established a comprehensive business continuity and disaster management framework. Our manufacturing 
facilities in Bagalkot, Karnataka, are strategically located but remain exposed to certain natural risks. To address this, 
we have implemented structured measures such as regular ﬁre drills, employee safety training, emergency response 
protocols, and clearly deﬁned evacuation routes. We prioritize employee safety and operational resilience through 
proactive risk mitigation strategies, ensuring minimal disruption to operations and continuity of product supply even 
during unforeseen events.
6. Disclose any signiﬁcant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What 
mitigation or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard? 
We recognize the importance of identifying and managing environmental risks across our value chain. While a formal, 
comprehensive assessment of value chain partners has not yet been completed, we are committed to progressively 
evaluating these impacts. This ongoing approach will enable us to strengthen risk management practices, promote 
responsible sourcing, and drive sustainable environmental performance across our broader ecosystem.
7. Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for 
environmental impacts.
None
8. Number of Green Credits generated or procured by the reporting company and its top 10 value chain partners.
None
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 132
[page 153]
Essential Indicators
1.  a. Number of aﬃliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations: 2
b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such    
body) the entity is a member of/ aﬃliated to.
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity
2. Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the 
entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities
Company has not received any adverse order from the regulatory authority.
PRINCIPLE 7 Businesses, when engaging in inﬂuencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in 
a manner that is responsible and transparent
S. No. Name of the trade and industry 
chambers/ associations
Reach of trade and industry chambers/ associations 
(State/National)
1 All India Distillery Association National
2 ASSOCHAM National
Name of authority  Brief of the case  Corrective action taken 
Not Applicable
S. 
No.
Public policy 
advocated
Whether information available 
in public domain? (Yes/No)
Frequency of Review by Board (Annually/ 
Half yearly/ Quarterly / Others – please specify)
Web Link, 
if available
Not Applicable
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 133
[page 154]
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identiﬁed in the Social Impact 
Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above): 
Essential Indicators
1.Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in  the 
current ﬁnancial year.
2. Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken 
by your entity:
5. Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers 
employed on a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis)  in the following locations, as % of total wage cost
PRINCIPLE 8 Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
Name and brief 
details of project Date of Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Yes / No)
Results 
communicated in 
public domain
(Yes / No) Relevant 
Web link
Not Applicable
S.NO.
Name of Project 
for which R&R is 
ongoing
State District
No. of Project 
Affected Families 
(PAFs)
% of PAFs 
covered by 
R&R
Amounts paid to 
PAFs in the FY 
(In INR)
Not Applicable
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community. 
We emphasize open communication and active community engagement by offering multiple accessible channels 
for stakeholders to raise concerns and grievances. Contact details are prominently displayed at our facility for direct 
communication, while a dedicated email channel is available for community queries. We ensure timely and 
responsive resolution of issues, fostering trust and strengthening relationships with the community. Through 
transparent communication and continuous engagement, we aim to build long-term, mutually beneﬁcial 
relationships and ensure that community voices are acknowledged and addressed effectively.
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers 12.33% 13.4%
Directly from within India 100% 100%
Location FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Rural 62.40% 79%
Semi-urban 21.15 -
Urban 4.47% 18%
Metropolitan 4.00% 3%
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 134
[page 155]
Corrective action taken
Not Applicable
2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts 
as identiﬁed by government bodies: 
3. (a) Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers 
comprising marginalized /vulnerable groups? (Yes/No) 
NA
(b) From which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure?
NA
(c) What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?
NA
4. Details of the beneﬁts derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity 
(in the current ﬁnancial year), based on traditional knowledge
5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related 
disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved
6. Details of beneﬁciaries of CSR Projects:
S.NO. State Aspirational District Amount spent (In INR)
1 Karnataka Bagalkot 16450000
S.NO. Intellectual Property based 
on traditional knowledge
Owned/ Acquired 
(Yes/No) (Yes / No)
Basis of calculating 
 Not Applicable
Name of authority Brief of the Case Corrective action taken
 Not Applicable
S. No. CSR Project CSR Projects and marginalized groups
1 Health Activity 871 82%
2 Training 740 24%
3 Education 176 89%
4 Job Fair 1654 47%
5 Drinking Water Supply 5600 100%
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 135
[page 156]
5. Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If 
available, provide a web-link of the policy.
Yes, the Company has established an IT Security Policy aimed at safeguarding its IT systems, data, and digital 
assets from unauthorized access, misuse, or disruption. 
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback. 
Not Applicable
2. Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information 
about:
PRINCIPLE 9 Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible 
manner
As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product 0%
Safe and responsible usage 0%
Recycling and/or safe disposal 0%
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
 FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Received 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at
 end of year
Remark
Received 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at 
end of year
Remark
Data privacy 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable 
Advertising 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable 
Cyber-security 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable 
Delivery of essential 
services 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable 
Restrictive Trade 
Practices 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable 
Unfair Trade 
Practices 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable 
Other 0 0 Not 
Applicable 0 0 Not 
Applicable
Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls 0 Not Applicable
Forced recalls 0 Not Applicable
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 136
[page 157]
The policy ensures the conﬁdentiality, integrity, and availability of sensitive information and is applicable to all 
employees, contractors, vendors, and stakeholders accessing company systems, including remote users. The Company 
remains committed to maintaining a secure IT environment and mitigating cyber risks. All users are required to comply 
with the policy and promptly report any security incidents. The policy is effective from July 22, 2024.
Policy Link
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of 
essential services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty 
/ action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
We have maintained incident-free operations during the reporting period, with no signiﬁcant issues observed across 
areas such as cybersecurity, product safety, or service delivery. Proactive measures, including enhanced data protection 
systems and regular cybersecurity awareness training, have been implemented to strengthen resilience. These efforts 
have helped prevent product recalls, regulatory actions, and service disruptions, while reinforcing our commitment to 
quality, compliance, and customer trust. 
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a. Number of instances of data breaches
Nil
b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identiﬁable information of customers
Nil
c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches: 
Nil
Leadership Indicators
1. Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link, if 
available).
Our website serves as a comprehensive platform for accessing information on our sustainable bioenergy solutions, 
innovative technologies, and environmental initiatives. It highlights how our offerings support industries and 
communities in transitioning towards cleaner energy, while reﬂecting our commitment to sustainability and 
environmental stewardship. Additionally, we provide convenient access to resources such as our internal helpdesk, 
service catalogues, email support, and onboarding materials, enabling users to easily explore our solutions and obtain 
the necessary assistance.
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services
TruAlt Bioenergy supports local farmers by providing knowledge on sustainable bioenergy solutions through interactive 
workshops, demonstration farms, and educational materials. We also engage with agricultural experts and participate 
in industry forums to encourage environmentally responsible practices, including FOM and LFOM. Continuous support 
and training are provided to facilitate the adoption of sustainable methods. In addition, we conduct regular training 
programs, share user manuals, and implement IT policies to ensure smooth adoption and responsible use of our 
solutions.
3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services. 
To ensure effective communication with consumers regarding any potential disruption or discontinuation of essential 
services, the company has implemented multiple notiﬁcation channels. These include email alerts, MS Teams 
notiﬁcations, system downtime messages, and IT helpdesk communications, ensuring timely, clear, and eﬃcient 
dissemination of information to all stakeholders.
4. Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? If 
yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the 
major products / services of the entity, signiﬁcant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)  
Not Applicable
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 137
[page 158]
BOA R D'S
REPORT
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 138
[page 159]
BOARD’S REPORT
Dear Members,
Your directors are pleased to present the Fifth (5th) Board’s Report of your Company on the operations and 
performance along with the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements and the Auditor’s 
Report thereon, for the ﬁnancial year ended on March 31, 2026 (“year under review/FY2025-26/FY2026”)
1. FINANCIAL RESULTS
The key highlights of the ﬁnancial performance of the Company for the Financial Year 2025-26 are provided 
below:
Note: The above figures are extracted from the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the 
Company prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”). 
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Revenue from Operations 1,70,465.34 1,88,011.66 1,72,750.66 1,90,772.40
Other income 6,828.35 6,058.94 8,645.25 6,080.38
Total income 1,77,293.69 1,94,070.60 1,81,395.91 1,96,852.78
Expenses;
Operating Expenditure 1,42,151.93 1,58,292.28 1,43,775.27 1,59,858.03
Depreciation and amortization 
expenses 8,409.08 6,459.57 8,622.76 6,689.37
Total Expenses 1,50,561.01 1,64,751.85 1,52,398.03 1,66,547.4
exceptional items and tax 26,732.68 29,318.75 28,997.88 30,305.38
Finance cost 15,785.20 14,103.64 16,002.41 14,361.10
Items and tax 10,947.48 15,215.11 12,995.47 15,944.28
Add/(Less): Exceptional Items - - - -
10,947.48 15,215.11 12,995.47 15,944.28
Tax expense-deferred tax  (2,944.48) (1,153.58) 3,308.49 1,280.43
8,003.00 14,061.53 9,686.98 14,663.85
Total other comprehensive 
income / (losses) 23.20 0.36 23.20 0.40
Total Comprehensive income 8,026.20 14,061.89 9,710.18 14,664.25
Opening Balance of Retained 
Earnings 23726.64 6118.38 23873.32 5662.70
Closing Balance of Retained 
Earnings 31752.84 23726.64 32436.04 23873.32
Earnings per share (EPS):
Basic (in ₹)  10.23  20.08  12.30  20.94 
Diluted (in ₹)  10.23  20.08  12.30  20.94 
Profit before Tax 
Profit after Tax
Profit before finance cost, 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 139
(Amount ₹ in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 160]
Trualt Bioenergy Limited (“ Trualt” or “the 
Company”) is a fast-growing renewable energy 
company engaged in the manufacturing and sale of 
ethanol and allied bioenergy products. Since 
commencing its commercial operations in 
Financial Year 2022-23, the Company has 
established itself as an emerging participant in 
India’s clean energy ecosystem, contributing to the 
nation’s energy security and sustainability 
objectives.
Driven by a commitment to innovation, operational 
excellence, and environmental stewardship, Trualt 
plays a pivotal role in supporting the Government of 
India’s ethanol blending programme and the 
transition towards greener and more sustainable 
energy solutions. The Company continuously 
strives to enhance its production capabilities, 
optimize resource utilization, and create long-term 
value for all stakeholders through responsible and 
sustainable business practices.
The standalone revenue from operations for FY 
2025-26 decreased by approximately 9.33% over 
the previous FY 2024-25 and stood at ₹1,70,465.34 
Lakhs as against ₹ 1,88,011.66 Lakhs in the FY 
2024-25. The revenue was signiﬁcantly impacted 
due to a sharp reduction in lifting by OMCs despite 
operational readiness and available production 
capacities. Further, the revenue was also impacted 
by delays in implementation and execution relating 
to the pending 15 crore litre allocation following the 
Hon’ble Karnataka High Court order. 
The proﬁt after tax for the FY 2025-26 decreased by 
approximately 43.09% over FY 2024-25 and stood 
at ₹8,003 Lakhs as against ₹14,061.53 Lakhs in the 
FY 2024-25. The decrease in Proﬁt After Tax (PAT) 
during the year under review was primarily 
attributable to an increase in ﬁnance costs arising 
from additional working capital facilities availed by 
the Company to support its business operations 
and also interest incurred on the account of 
grain-based plant established during the year. 
Further, the depreciation expenses increased on 
account of addition to ﬁxed assets during the year 
due to capitalization of grain-based plant to the 
extent of 1300 KLPD. Consequently, despite growth 
in the Company's operations, the higher ﬁnance 
costs and depreciation charges had an impact on 
the proﬁtability for the year. Total comprehensive 
income for the FY 2025-26 is ₹8,026.20 Lakhs as 
against ₹14,061.89 Lakhs in the FY 24-25.
On a consolidated basis, the revenue from 
operations for FY 2025-26 decreased by 
approximately 9.45% over FY 2024-25 and stood at 
₹1,72,750.66 Lakhs as against ₹1,90,772.40 Lakhs 
in FY 2024-25. The proﬁt after tax for the FY 
2025-26 decreased by approximately 34.57% over 
previous year and stood at ₹9,594.76 Lakhs, as 
against ₹14,663.85 Lakhs in the FY 2024-25. 
A detailed analysis of the performance, 
consolidated as well as standalone, is provided in 
the Management Discussion and Analysis Report, 
which form part of the Annual Report.
The Company did not undergo any change in the 
nature of its business during FY 2025-26.
2. COMPANY’S PERFORMANCE AND STATE 
OF AFFAIRS
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 140
[page 161]
3. DIVIDEND
Considering the capital-intensive nature of the 
business, the business growth plan of the Company 
and with a view to plough back proﬁts, your Board 
has not recommended any dividend for 
consideration of its members at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting (‘AGM’) to build a strong base for 
long-term sustainable growth.
4. DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY
Pursuant to the Regulation 43A of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the Company had 
formulated a dividend distribution policy, which sets 
out the parameters and circumstances to be 
considered by the Board, while determining the 
distribution of dividend to the shareholders.
The dividend distribution policy was approved at the 
meeting of the Board held on March 21, 2024. 
The aforesaid policy is available on the website 
of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/Dividend Policy 
5. TRANSFER TO RESERVE 
During the ﬁnancial year under review, no amount 
was transferred to the General Reserve.
6. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As per Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations and 
Section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read 
with the rules made thereunder, Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Company for the 
ﬁnancial year 2025-26 have been prepared in 
compliance with applicable accounting standards. 
The audited ﬁnancial statements of the Company 
and its subsidiary have been approved by the board 
of directors of respective entities.
During the year under review, the Board of Directors 
reviewed the affairs of the subsidiary Companies in
accordance with Section 129(3) of the Act.
Consolidated Financial Statements together with the 
statutory auditor’s report thereon form part of this 
Annual Report.
7. SHARE CAPITAL
Authorised Share Capital 
The Authorised Share Capital of the Company as on
March 31, 2026 was ₹ 570,00,00,000 (Rupees Five
Hundred Seventy Crore Only) comprising of 
₹ 100,00,00,000 (Rupees Hundred Crore Only) 
divided into 10,00,00,000 (Ten Crore) equity shares 
of ₹ 10/- (Rupee Ten Only) each and ₹ 
4,70,00,00,000 (Four Hundred Seventy Crores Only) 
divided into 4,70,00,000 (Four Crore Seventy 
Lakhs) Preference Shares of 
₹ 100/- (Rupee Hundred Only) each.
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital
The Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Equity Share 
capital of the Company as on March 31, 2026 stood 
at ₹85,75,25,910 (Rupees Eighty Five Crore Seventy 
Five Lakhs Twenty Five Thousand Nine Hundred 
Ten Only) comprising of 8,57,52,591 (Eight Crore 
Fifty Seven Lakhs Fifty Two Thousand Five Hundred 
Ninety One) equity shares of ₹ 10/- (Rupee Ten 
Only) each.
Allotment of Equity shares through Initial Public 
Offering
During the year under review, the Company 
successfully completed its Initial Public Offering 
("IPO") and allotted 1,51,20,967 (One Crore 
Fifty-One Lakh Twenty Thousand Nine Hundred and 
Sixty-Seven) Equity Shares of face value ₹ 10/- each 
at an issue price of ₹ 496/- per Equity Share 
pursuant to the fresh issue component of the IPO. 
The IPO comprised a fresh issue of 1,51,20,967 
Equity Shares by the Company and an Offer for Sale 
of 18,00,000 (Eighteen Lakh) Equity Shares by the 
selling shareholders. Consequently, the paid-up 
equity share capital of the Company increased by 
₹ 15,12,09,670/- upon allotment of the aforesaid 
Equity Shares.
During FY 2025-26, the Company did not issue any 
convertible securities. Further, there were no 
outstanding convertible securities as on March 31, 
2026.
During the period under review, the Company has 
neither issued shares with differential rights as to 
Dividend, voting or otherwise nor issued shares 
(including sweat equity shares) to the employees or 
Directors of the Company under any scheme.  The 
Company has not issued any debentures, bonds or 
any non-convertible instruments. The Company has 
not done any buy back during the FY 2025-26.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 141
[page 162]
 with a particular focus on Sustainable Aviation Fuel 
(“SAF”). SAF is a next-generation biofuel produced 
from renewable feedstocks such as agricultural 
residues, used cooking oil, and municipal solid 
waste, and is considered critical for enabling the 
aviation industry’s long-term decarbonisation 
targets.
As part of the Company’s strategic initiative to 
diversify into high-growth green fuel segments, the 
Company has entered into a non-binding 
Memorandum of Understanding (“MoU”) with the 
Andhra Pradesh Economic Development Board 
(APEDB), the Government of Andhra Pradesh’s 
nodal agency for promoting large-scale industrial 
and infrastructure investments. The MoU provides a 
framework for the potential establishment of a 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel production facility in the 
State of Andhra Pradesh.
The proposed project is envisaged to involve a total 
investment of approximately ₹2,250 crore, to be 
developed in phases, subject to detailed feasibility 
assessments, technology evaluation, and 
conﬁrmation of commercial viability. The project 
structure, ﬁnancing plan, and implementation 
schedule will be ﬁnalised upon completion of the 
feasibility studies and due-diligence processes, and 
thereafter through the execution of deﬁnitive 
agreements.
This MoU is expected to enable the 
Company to: 
• To strengthens its positions as an early 
entrant in India’s emerging SAF 
ecosystem;
• Align with India’s national biofuel policy 
and long-term net-zero commitments;
• Leverages State Government support 
through APEDB for land, infrastructure, 
and regulatory facilitation;
• Provides potential access to carbon 
credits and ESG-linked investment 
opportunities; and
• Enhances Trualt Bioenergy’s strategic 
visibility as a forward-looking clean energy 
company.
8. MAJOR EVENTS AND KEY BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENTS DURING THE YEAR UNDER 
REVIEW
Share Subscriptions and Shareholders Agreement 
(SSSHA) with GAIL India Limited (“GAIL ”)
 During the year under review, the Company 
achieved a signiﬁcant strategic milestone by 
entering into a Share Subscription and 
Shareholders' Agreement (“SSSHA”) with GAIL 
(India) Limited (“GAIL ”), a Maharatna Public Sector 
Undertaking and one of India's leading natural gas 
companies, with the objective of accelerating the 
development of the Compressed Bio-Gas (CBG) 
sector in India.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, GAIL 
acquired a 49% equity stake in Leaﬁniti Bioenergy 
Private Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, while 
the Company  holds the remaining 51% equity stake, 
thereby retaining management control. This 
strategic partnership represents a signiﬁcant step 
towards strengthening the Company's presence in 
the renewable energy and biofuels sector and 
underscores the conﬁdence of a leading public 
sector enterprise in the Company's vision and 
capabilities.
The collaboration is expected to leverage the 
complementary strengths of both partners to 
develop and scale CBG projects across the country, 
contributing to India's energy transition, energy 
security, and sustainability objectives. Through this 
partnership, the Company aims to create a robust 
and integrated ecosystem for Compressed Bio-Gas, 
facilitating the adoption of cleaner, circular, and 
economically viable energy solutions. The 
Company ﬁrmly believes that CBG has the potential 
to play a transformative role in India's clean energy 
journey by converting agricultural and organic 
waste into valuable renewable fuel while promoting 
environmental sustainability and rural economic 
development.
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF)
The Company has been exploring opportunities in 
the renewable and low-carbon energy segment,
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 142
[page 163]
CRISIL Ratings Limited has been appointed as the 
Monitoring Agency for monitoring the utilisation of 
the IPO proceeds. Based on the monitoring reports 
received, there has been no deviation or variation in 
the utilisation of the proceeds from the objects of 
the Issue as stated in the Prospectus. The Company 
has also complied with the reporting requirements 
under Regulation 32 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
The issue opened on September 25, 2025 and 
closed on September 29, 2025. The IPO received an 
overwhelming response from investors across all 
categories and was fully subscribed by the second 
day of bidding. By the close of the issue, the IPO 
was oversubscribed by approximately 75.02 times. 
The portion for Qualiﬁed Institutional Bidders 
('QIBs') witnessed a signiﬁcant 165.15 times 
subscription, while the portion reserved for 
non-institutional investors witnessed 103.04 times 
and the retail portion 10.62 times subscription, 
reﬂecting strong investor conﬁdence in the 
Company’s business model and future prospects. 
After successful completion of bidding process, 
The IPO Committee at its meeting held on 
September 29, 2025 approved the allotment of the 
aforesaid equity shares of the Company. The issue 
was led by book-running lead managers viz. DAM 
Capital Advisors Limited and SBI Capital Markets 
Limited.
Further, pursuant to successful completion of the 
IPO the equity shares of the Company were listed 
on the main boards of the NSE and BSE with effect 
from October 3, 2025.
Initial Public Offering (IPO)
During the year under review, the Company received 
in-principal approval for listing of its equity shares 
of face value of Rs. 10/- each from National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and BSE Limited 
(“BSE”) on October 1, 2025. 
The Initial Public Offer (“IPO” or “Issue”) was made 
for 1,69,20,967 (One Crore Sixty Nine Lakhs Twenty 
Thousand Nine Hundred Sixty Seven) equity shares 
of face value of ₹10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each at an 
offer price of ₹496/- (Rupees Four Hundred Ninety 
Six Only) per equity share (including a share 
premium of ₹486/- per equity share) (“Offer Price”) 
aggregating to ₹839,27,99,632/- (Rupees Eight 
Hundred Thirty Nine Crores Twenty Seven Lakhs 
Ninety Nine Thousand Six Hundred and Thirty Two 
Only) (the “Offer”). 
The Offer comprised of:
▪ A fresh issue of 1,51,20,967 (One Crore 
Fifty-One Lakh Twenty Thousand Nine Hundred 
and Sixty-Seven) equity shares by the Company 
aggregating to ₹749,99,99,632 (the “ Fresh 
Issue”) and
▪ An Offer for Sale of 18,00,000 (Eighteen Lakh)
equity shares aggregating to ₹89,28,00,000 (the 
“Offer for Sale”).  
Sl. No. Object of Issue Amount allocated as 
per Offer Document
Amount utilised as on 
March 31, 2026
1 Funding capital expenditure towards setting 
up multi-feed stock operations to pave-way for 
utilizing grains as an additional raw material in 
ethanol plant at TBL Unit 4 of 300 KLPD capacity
150.68 140.14
2 Funding working capital requirements 425.00 425.00
3 General Corporate Purposes 81.36 81.36
4 Issue expenses 92.96 73.71
Total 750.00 720.21
(₹ in Crore)
The status of utilization of the proceeds raised through the IPO as on March 31, 2026 is set out below;
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 143
[page 164]
diversify its ethanol manufacturing operations from 
a mono-feed model to a multi-feed production 
platform.  This transition  aimed at  enhancing
operational ﬂexibility, optimizing feedstock 
utilization, and reducing dependence on any single 
raw material source.
The multi-feed capability will enable the Company 
to utilize a wider range of feedstocks subject to 
regulatory approvals and market availability, 
thereby improving supply chain resilience and 
mitigating risks associated with ﬂuctuations in 
feedstock prices and availability. The diversiﬁcation 
is also expected to enhance production eﬃciency, 
improve capacity utilization, and strengthen the 
Company's ability to respond to evolving market 
dynamics and government policies relating to 
ethanol blending and renewable fuels.
This strategic transformation is aligned with the 
Company's long-term growth objectives and 
commitment to sustainable operations. By 
broadening its feedstock base, the Company seeks 
to improve operational competitiveness, create 
greater value for stakeholders, and reinforce its 
position as a reliable contributor to India's ethanol 
blending programme and clean energy transition.
The Company believes that the adoption of a 
multi-feed manufacturing model will provide a 
strong foundation for future growth while ensuring 
greater business sustainability and operational 
excellence.
Acquisition of TruAlt Gas Private Limited
During the year under review, the Company acquired 
a 51% stake in TruAlt Gas Private Limited ("TGPL ") 
for an aggregate amount of ₹ 8.42 Cr, thereby 
making TGPL a subsidiary of the Company. The 
acquisition aligns with the Company's strategic 
objective of strengthening its presence in the 
renewable energy and bioenergy sector, particularly 
in the Compressed Bio-Gas ("CBG") business.
Subsequent to the acquisition, the Company 
invested an additional sum of ₹ 19.99 Crore in the 
equity share capital of TGPL to support its business 
operations, project development activities and 
capital expenditure requirements relating to the 
establishment and implementation of CBG projects
Joint venture with Sumitomo Corporation, Japan 
During the year under review, the Company entered 
into a Joint Venture Agreement with Sumitomo 
Corporation (“SC”) on November 11, 2025, marking 
a signiﬁcant milestone in the Company's growth 
strategy and strengthening its position in the rapidly 
evolving Compressed Bio-Gas (“CBG”) sector.
Pursuant to the terms of the Joint Venture, SC 
agreed to acquire a 49% equity stake in Trualt Gas 
Private Limited (TGPL), a subsidiary of the 
Company, whereas the company continues to hold 
remaining 51% equity stake, thereby retaining the 
management control. This collaboration  reﬂects  
conﬁdence in the Company's business model, 
execution capabilities, and long-term growth 
prospects. The partnership combines the 
Company's expertise in the bioenergy sector with 
SC's global experience, technological capabilities, 
and international network, thereby creating a strong 
platform for the development of sustainable energy 
infrastructure in India.
Under the Joint Venture, TGPL proposes to 
establish CBG plants at ﬁve identiﬁed locations. 
Construction activities have already commenced at 
three of these sites, demonstrating signiﬁcant 
progress in the implementation of the project. Of 
the three plants currently under development, one 
plant is expected to be commissioned during the 
second quarter of FY 2026-27, while the remaining 
two plants are expected to commence operations 
during the third quarter of FY 2026-27.
The Joint Venture is expected to play a pivotal role 
in advancing the Company's vision of creating a 
scalable and sustainable bioenergy ecosystem. It 
also aligns with India's objectives of promoting 
renewable energy, reducing dependence on fossil 
fuels, strengthening energy security, and fostering a 
circular economy through the productive utilization 
of agricultural and organic waste. The Company 
believes that this strategic collaboration will create 
long-term value for stakeholders while contributing 
meaningfully to India's clean energy transition.
Diversiﬁcation from Mono Feed Operations to 
Multi-Feed Ethanol Manufacturing
During the year under review, the Company 
undertook a signiﬁcant strategic initiative to
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 144
[page 165]
The acquisition and subsequent investment are 
expected to strengthen the Company's position in 
the clean energy sector and support its long-term 
growth strategy.
Biofuel Dispensing Stations:
As part of its commitment towards promoting clean 
energy solutions and strengthening the biofuel 
ecosystem in India, the Company has undertaken 
initiatives for the establishment and operation of 
Biofuel Dispensing Stations. These stations are 
intended to facilitate the retail distribution of 
sustainable biofuels and support the adoption of 
alternative fuels by end consumers.
The Company's efforts in this area are aligned with 
the Government of India's vision of enhancing 
energy security, reducing dependence on fossil 
fuels, and promoting environmentally sustainable 
transportation solutions. The Biofuel Dispensing 
Stations form an integral part of the Company's 
strategy to create an end-to-end bioenergy value 
chain and expand market access for biofuels.
During the year under review, the Company 
operated seven (7) retail fuel stations engaged in 
the dispensing of biofuels. These stations form an 
integral part of the Company's downstream 
distribution infrastructure and support its objective 
of enhancing market access for sustainable fuels. 
Currently 4 more retail fuel outlets are under 
construction and nearly 76 prospective locations 
strategically shortlisted for future expansion. The 
Company remains focused on expanding its biofuel 
distribution network, improving operational 
eﬃciencies, and supporting the transition towards 
cleaner energy alternatives in line with national 
energy and environmental objectives.
9.MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS
There have been no material changes and 
commitments affecting the ﬁnancial position of the 
Company between the end of the ﬁnancial year and 
date of this report.
Sl. No. Name of Subsidiary Status
1 Leafiniti Bioenergy 
Private Limited Subsidiary
2 TruAlt Gas Private 
Limited Subsidiary
Note: During the year under review, Leaﬁniti 
Bioenergy Private Limited ceased to be the Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary (WOS) by virtue of capital 
infusion by GAIL India Limited.
The Company does not have any Associate 
Company as deﬁned under the Companies Act, 
2013.
The Company, through its subsidiaries, has entered 
into strategic collaborations with leading industry 
partners for the development and implementation 
of Compressed Bio-Gas (CBG) projects as follows:
The Company has collaborated with Sumitomo 
Corporation, Japan, for the implementation of four 
Compressed Bio-Gas (CBG) plants in Karnataka, 
each having a production capacity of 20 TPD 
(Tonnes Per Day) in TruAlt Gas Private Limited.
The Company has collaborated with GAIL (India) 
Limited for the development and implementation of 
six Compressed Bio-Gas (CBG) plants at strategic 
locations across Karnataka and Maharashtra, each 
having a production capacity of 12 TPD (Tonnes Per 
Day) in Leaﬁniti Bioenergy Private Limited.
These collaborations are aimed at strengthening 
the Company's presence in the renewable energy 
and biofuel sector and contributing towards 
sustainable energy development.
During the year under review, None of the Subsidiary 
was identiﬁed as the material subsidiary of the 
Company as per the Listing Regulations.
The Company’s policy for determination of material 
subsidiary, as adopted by the Board of Directors, in 
conformity with Regulation 16 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, can be accessed on the Company’s 
website at https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/Policy 
for Determining Material Subsidiaries.pdf 
10. SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT 
VENTURES
As on March 31, 2026, the Company has the 
following subsidiary companies:
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 145
[page 166]
11. PERFORMANCE AND FINANCIAL POSITION 
OF THE SUBSIDIARY(IES)
Leaﬁniti Bioenergy Private Limited
Leaﬁniti Bioenergy Private Limited (“Leaﬁniti”) is 
engaged in the business of production and sale of 
Compressed Bio-Gas (“CBG”) and allied 
by-products, including Fermented Organic Manure 
(“FOM”) and Liquid Fermented Organic Manure 
(“LFOM”). The Company utilizes sustainable 
feedstock sources such as sugarcane press mud, 
agricultural residues and other organic biomass for 
the generation of renewable energy and 
value-added organic fertilizers through 
environmentally responsible processes.
The Company currently operates one Compressed 
Bio-Gas (CBG) plant at Hipargi-Mygur Village, 
Taluka-Jamkhandi, Bagalkot-587119, Karnataka, 
with an installed production capacity of 10.20 TPD, 
which serves as its ﬂagship operational facility. 
During the year under review, the Company 
continued to strengthen its operational capabilities 
and expand its footprint in the bioenergy sector. The 
strategic partnership with GAIL (India) Limited, 
under which GAIL acquired a 49% equity stake in the 
Company, is expected to accelerate the 
development of additional CBG projects and 
support the creation of a robust bioenergy 
ecosystem. Leveraging its operational expertise 
and strategic collaborations, Leaﬁniti is 
well-positioned to contribute meaningfully to India's 
renewable energy transition and the Government's 
Sustainable Alternative Towards Affordable 
Transportation (SATAT) initiative.
During FY 2025-26, the Company delivered a strong 
ﬁnancial performance, reﬂecting the successful 
scale-up of its operations and continued focus on 
operational excellence. Revenue from operations 
increased to ₹ 4,043.09 Lakhs as compared to ₹ 
2,760.74 Lakhs in the previous ﬁnancial year, 
registering a growth of approximately 46%.
The Company recorded a Proﬁt Before Tax (PBT) of 
₹ 2,184.61 Lakhs as against ₹ 770.22 Lakhs in the 
previous year, representing a signiﬁcant growth of 
approximately 184%. Proﬁt After Tax (PAT) stood at 
₹ 1,805.78 Lakhs as compared to ₹ 633.04 Lakhs in 
the previous year, reﬂecting an impressive growth of 
approximately 185%.
The Company's net worth increased to ₹ 4,107.85 
Lakhs as on March 31, 2026, demonstrating its 
strong ﬁnancial position and ability to generate 
sustainable value. The robust ﬁnancial 
performance underscores the Company's 
operational eﬃciency, prudent ﬁnancial 
management, and growing market presence in the 
Compressed Bio-Gas (CBG) sector. The Company 
remains well-positioned to capitalize on emerging 
opportunities in the renewable energy landscape 
and continue its growth trajectory while 
contributing to India's clean energy and 
sustainability objectives.
TruAlt Gas Private Limited
Trualt Gas Private Limited was incorporated on 
September 6, 2024, with the objective of carrying on 
the business of developing, establishing, operating 
and maintaining Compressed Bio-Gas (CBG) plants 
and undertaking activities related to the production, 
processing, distribution and sale of biofuels and 
other renewable energy products.
The Company has been incorporated for 
implementation of 4 Compressed Bio-Gas (CBG) 
plants having capacity of 20 TPD each in Karnataka 
in collaboration with Sumitomo Corporation.
The project is presently under implementation. The 
Company did not have any operational revenue 
during the year under review. Hence the disclosure 
under this section is not required.
The Board regularly reviews the affairs of the 
subsidiaries. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 
129(3) of the Act read with the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014 and in accordance with 
applicable accounting standards, a statement 
containing the salient features of ﬁnancial 
statements of the Company’s subsidiaries in Form 
No. AOC-1 is annexed as Annexure-“A” to this 
report.
12.  DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL 
PERSONNEL
The Board of Directors comprises distinguished 
professionals of proven integrity and competence, 
who provide strategic direction, guidance and 
leadership to the Company.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 146
[page 167]
As on March 31, 2026, the Board of Directors of the 
Company comprised of Seven (7) Directors with an 
optimum balance of Executive and Non-Executive 
Directors, including One Women Director. Of these, 
three (3) directors were Non-Executive Independent 
Directors, three (3) were Executive Directors and 
one (1) was Non-Executive Woman Director. 
The Chairperson of the Board is a Non-Executive 
Independent Director, providing effective leadership 
and ensuring an appropriate balance between 
executive and non-executive participation in the 
governance of the Company.
During the year under review there were no change 
in the composition of the Board except;
▪ Mr. Y. B. Ramakrishna was redesignated as the 
Chairman and Independent director of the 
Company for a period of 1 year till March 31, 
2026 w.e.f. May 13, 2025.
▪ Mr. Vishal Nirani (DIN: (08434032), who was 
serving on the Board of Directors as Whole 
Time Director, was re-designated as the 
Executive Director of the Company by the Board 
of Directors in its meeting held on July 26, 2025.
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the Articles of Association of the 
Company, Mr. Vishal Nirani (DIN: 08434032) retires 
by rotation at the ensuing  Annual General Meeting 
("AGM") and, being eligible, has offered himself for 
re-appointment. The Board recommends his 
re-appointment and the requisite details pursuant to 
the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 are provided in 
the Notice convening the ensuing AGM.
All the Independent Directors have submitted a 
declaration of independence, stating that they meet 
the criteria of independence provided under Section 
149(6) of the Act read with Regulation 16 of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended. They also 
conﬁrmed compliance with the provisions of Rule 6 
of Companies (Appointment and Qualiﬁcations of 
Directors) Rules, 2014, as amended, relating to 
inclusion of their name in the databank of 
Independent Directors. 
The Board took on record the declaration and 
conﬁrmation submitted by the Independent 
Directors regarding them meeting the prescribed 
criteria of independence, after undertaking due 
assessment of the veracity of the same in terms of 
the requirements of Regulation 25 of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations.
In the Board’s opinion, all the Independent Directors  
are persons of high repute, integrity and possess 
the relevant proﬁciency, expertise and experience in 
their respective ﬁelds.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Act, 
Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, Managing 
Director, Mr. Anand Kishore, Chief Financial Oﬃcer 
and Mr. Monu Kumar, Company Secretary and 
Compliance Oﬃcer are the Key Managerial 
Personnel’s (“KMPs”) of the Company as on March 
31, 2026.
During the year under review, following changes 
have taken place in the Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company;
▪ Mr. Sudheer Sannapaneni ceased to be the 
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer of 
the Company with effect from May 31, 2025.
▪ Mr. Deepak Kumar Gulati was appointed as the 
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer of 
the Company with effect from September 6, 
2025 and subsequently ceased to hold his 
oﬃce with effect from October 28, 2025.
▪ Mr. Monu Kumar was initially appointed as the 
Interim Company Secretary and Compliance 
Oﬃcer on January 9, 2026, Subsequently, he 
was redesignated as the Company Secretary 
and Compliance Oﬃcer of the Company with 
effect from February 3, 2026.
13. EVALUATION OF THE PERFORMANCE OF 
THE BOARD, ITS COMMITTEES AND 
DIRECTORS 
The evaluation of the Board, Board Committees and 
directors were carried out in accordance with the 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and  Guidance note issued by 
SEBI in this regard. Questionnaire forms were 
circulated to all the directors for their feedback on 
Board, Board Committees, Chairperson of the Board 
and director evaluation. A meeting of the 
independent directors was held on March 13, 2026, 
where they reviewed and discussed  
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 147
[page 168]
the feedback on the functioning of the Board, Board 
Committees, Chairperson and other directors 
including Executive Directors. The Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee at its meeting held on 
March 30, 2026, also reviewed the feedback on the 
evaluation of the functioning of the Board, Board 
Committees, Chairperson and other directors. The 
Board at its meeting held on March 30, 2026, 
reviewed and discussed the feedback of the 
evaluations. The area of improvements as 
highlighted by the evaluation exercise shall be 
implemented to further strengthen the corporate 
governance of the organisation.
14. FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAMME FOR 
BOARD MEMBERS
The Company has in place a structured induction 
and Familiarisation Programme for all its directors 
including the Independent Directors. They are 
regularly updated on all business-related issues and 
new initiatives. They are facilitated to visit the 
various plants of the Company to familiarise them 
with the manufacturing facilities, processes, 
products, etc. of the Company and the CSR 
initiatives taken by the Company towards Social 
well-being.
They are also informed of the important policies of 
the Company including the “Code of Conduct for 
Directors and Senior Management Personnel” and 
the “Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider 
Trading”.
The details of Familiarisation Programs imparted to 
Independent Directors during the ﬁnancial year 
2025-26 are available on the website of the 
Company a thttps://www.trualtbioenergy.com/
Familarization
15. POLICY ON APPOINTMENT AND 
REMUNERATION
The Company has in place a Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy, which, inter alia, lays down the 
criteria for appointment, remuneration, evaluation 
and cessation of Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and Senior Management Personnel, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act and the 
SEBI Listing Regulations.
The details of the Policy, including the criteria for 
determining qualiﬁcations, positive attributes and 
independence of Directors, are provided in the 
Corporate Governance Report and are also 
available on the Company's website at  
https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy.pdf
16. MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149(8) read 
with Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation 25(3) of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, a separate meeting of 
the Independent Directors was held on March 13, 
2026, without the presence of Non-Independent 
Directors and members of the Management.
At the meeting, the Independent Directors reviewed 
the performance of the Non-Independent Directors, 
the Board as a whole and the Chairperson of the 
Board. They also assessed the quality, quantity and 
timeliness of the ﬂow of information between the 
Management and the Board and noted the outcome 
of the Board and Committee performance 
evaluation process for the FY 2025-26.
17. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND ITS 
COMMITTEES 
Twelve (12) meetings of the Board were held during 
the year under review. The necessary quorum was 
present for all the meetings. The maximum interval 
between any two Board meetings did not exceed 
120 days. For details of meetings and composition 
of the Board and Committees of the Board, please 
refer to the Corporate Governance Report, which 
forms part of this Report.
18. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 
2013, the Board of Directors to the best of their 
knowledge and ability, conﬁrm:
a. That in the preparation of the annual accounts, 
the applicable accounting standards have been 
followed and there are no material departures;
b. That they have selected such accounting policies 
and applied them consistently and made judgment 
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so 
as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs 
of the Company as at March 31, 2026 and of the 
proﬁt of the Company for the year ended on that 
date;
c.That they have taken proper and suﬃcient care for 
the maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 148
[page 169]
whether the entity is a related party to the particular 
transaction or not.
Further, as per Regulation 23(1) of SEBI Listing 
Regulations, 2015, transaction with a related party 
shall be considered material, if the transaction(s) to 
be entered into individually or taken together with 
previous transactions during a ﬁnancial year, 
exceeds ten per cent of the annual consolidated 
turnover on scale-based materiality thresholds as 
prescribed under revised RPT framework for listed 
entities, effective from  December 19,2025, as per 
the last audited ﬁnancial statements of the listed 
entity, 
In accordance with section 134(3)(h) of the Act, read 
with rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014, and in accordance with Indian Accounting 
Standards 24, the related party transactions entered 
by the Company during the ﬁnancial year under 
review are disclosed in Annexure “C” in Form AOC-2, 
which forms part of this report and also disclosed 
under the relevant notes to ﬁnancial statements.
21. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
As a responsible corporate citizen, “TruAlt” is 
committed to creating a positive impact on society 
through well-structured initiatives and community 
development programs. Our CSR initiatives are 
guided by clearly deﬁned sustainability goals that 
align with stakeholder interests and support 
sustainable business growth.
These initiatives are implemented through Nirani 
Foundation (NF)—the dedicated CSR and 
philanthropic arm focused on rural development, 
skill and training, education, healthcare, and 
women's empowerment.  It actively supports 
agriculture, irrigation, and self-employment training 
to improve livelihoods in surrounding communities 
as part of its CSR initiatives.
Our initiatives aim to empower underserved youth 
and women by equipping them with essential skills 
that enable digniﬁed and self-suﬃcient lives. At 
Nirani Foundation Centre, we adopt modern 
pedagogical approaches to provide holistic 
education to underprivileged women and children, 
ensuring they receive quality support tailored to their 
needs. We also focus on strengthening remedial 
programs in government schools to bridge 
educational gaps and foster critical thinking.
accordance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 for safe guarding the assets of the 
Company and for preventing and detecting fraud 
and other irregularities;
d. That they have prepared the annual accounts on 
a ‘going concern basis’;
e. That they have laid down proper internal ﬁnancial 
controls and such internal ﬁnancial controls are 
adequate and operating effectively; and
f. That they have devised proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable 
laws and such systems are adequate and operating 
effectively.
19. PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES 
AND INVESTMENTS
During the year under review, the Company has 
provided loans and guarantees covered under the 
provisions of Section 186 of the Companies Act, 
2013. The details of Loans and Guarantee provided, 
and Investments made by the Company are given in 
Annexure “B” forming part of the report.
20. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
All related party transactions entered in FY 2025-26 
were in the ordinary course of business and on an 
arm's length basis and were in compliance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. Prior omnibus approval of the 
Audit Committee was obtained for repetitive 
transactions and such transactions were reviewed 
on a quarterly basis.
Further, the Company has obtained a benchmarking 
/ arm’s length pricing report from M/s. B B S R & 
Associates LLP , an independent external agency, 
conﬁrming that the pricing methodology and terms 
of the proposed transactions are at arm’s length 
and in the ordinary course of business.
Pursuant to Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, 2015, all material related party 
transactions and subsequent material modiﬁcation 
as deﬁned in the policy on materiality of related 
party transaction shall require prior approval of the 
shareholders through resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolutions 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 149
[page 170]
Since inception, our CSR initiatives have impacted 
over 300,000 lives (directly and indirectly) across 
more than seven states in India. Our work 
continues across identiﬁed thematic areas to 
support the overall development of communities.
The Company constituted Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act. 
During the year under review, the Company had 
spent a sum of ₹ 1,64,50,000/- (Rupees One Crore 
Sixty Four Lakhs Fifty Thousand Only) towards its 
CSR obligation for FY 2025-26. Further, the Chief 
Financial Oﬃcer has certiﬁed that the funds 
disbursed have been utilized for the purpose and in 
the manner approved by the Board for FY2025-26.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 135 
of the Act read with the Companies (Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 (‘CSR 
Rules’), the Company has formulated the CSR 
Policy which can be accessed on the Company’s 
website at https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/CSR 
Policy
In terms of Section 135 of the Act read with Rule 8 
of the CSR Rules as amended, the Annual Report 
on CSR Activities undertaken by the Company 
during the Financial Year 2025-26 are provided in 
Annexure “E” forming part of  this Report.
22.  CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, 
TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN 
EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
The information on conservation of energy, 
technology absorption and foreign exchange 
earnings and outgo stipulated under Section 
134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) 
Rules,2014, are provided in Annexure “F” forming 
part of  this Report.
23.  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is committed to maintaining the 
highest standards of corporate governance and 
believes that sound governance practices are 
essential for enhancing stakeholder value and 
ensuring sustainable growth.
During the ﬁnancial year under review, the Company 
has complied with all the applicable mandatory 
requirements of Corporate Governance as 
prescribed under Regulations 17 to 27 and other 
relevant provisions of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, except with 
respect to the appointment of a Woman 
Independent Director on the Board. The Company is 
in the process of appointing a Woman Independent 
Director on its Board in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. The appointment could not be 
completed during the reporting period due to the 
ongoing identiﬁcation and evaluation of a suitable 
candidate. The Board is actively pursuing the 
appointment process and is committed to ensuring 
compliance with the applicable regulatory 
requirements at the earliest.
Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a separate 
Report on Corporate Governance is enclosed which 
forms an integral part of this Report. The Report on 
Corporate Governance, together with a certiﬁcate 
from the Practicing Company Secretary regarding 
compliance with the conditions of Corporate 
Governance as stipulated under the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, is annexed to and forms part of this 
Report.
The Managing Director and Chief Financial Oﬃcer 
have certiﬁed to the Board with regard to ﬁnancial 
statements and other matters as required under 
Regulation 17(8) read with Schedule II to the Listing 
Regulations.
24. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION 
POLICY
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 19 read with 
Part D of Schedule II of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the Company has adopted a Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 150
[page 171]
The Policy lays down the criteria for appointment, 
re-appointment, removal and remuneration of 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior 
Management Personnel. The Policy also includes 
the criteria for determining qualiﬁcations, positive 
attributes, independence of Directors, Board 
diversity and evaluation of the performance of the 
Board, its Committees and individual Directors.
The NRC Policy of the Company can also be 
accessed on the Company’s website at 
https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy.pdf 
25.  VIGIL MECHANISM/WHISTLE BLOWER 
POLICY
In accordance with section 177 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and Regulation 22 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the 
Company has put in place a Whistle Blower Policy 
and has implemented a Vigil Mechanism, whereby 
employees, directors and other stakeholders can 
report matters such as generic grievances, 
corruption, misconduct, fraud, misappropriation of 
assets and non-compliance of code of conduct of 
the Company. The policy safeguards the whistle 
blowers to report concerns or grievances. The Audit 
Committee oversees the functioning of this 
mechanism to ensure transparency and 
accountability. The Whistle-blower Policy / Vigil 
Mechanism is available on the Company’s website 
at https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/Whistle Blower 
Policy
During the year under review, the Company received 
one (1) compliant which was withdrawn by the 
Complainant subsequently.  It is aﬃrmed that 
during the year under review none of the personnel 
has been denied access to the Chairman of Audit 
Committee.
26.  RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY
The Board of Directors of the Company has 
constituted a Risk Management Committee to 
frame, implement and monitor the risk 
management plan and its effectiveness for the 
Company. 
The Company has also laid down the procedures to 
inform Board members about risk assessment and 
minimisation. The Risk Management Committee 
meets periodically, as deemed necessary, to review 
the effectiveness of the Company's risk 
management framework and to recommend 
appropriate enhancements. These reviews help 
ensure a consistent, systematic and effective 
approach to identifying, assessing, monitoring and 
mitigating risks, thereby supporting the 
achievement of the Company's strategic and 
operational objectives.
Regular assessment and review of risks, together 
with the implementation of appropriate mitigation 
measures, enable the Company to proactively 
identify and address emerging risks and minimise 
their potential impact on its operations and 
strategic objectives. This approach helps safeguard 
the interests of the Company and its stakeholders 
while supporting sustainable business growth.
The Risk Management Policy of the Company is 
made available on the website of the which can be 
accessed at https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/Risk 
Management Policy
27.  INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL AND ITS 
ADEQUACY
The Company’s internal control systems are 
commensurate with the nature of its business, the 
size and complexity of its operations and such 
Internal Fnancial Controls with reference to the 
ﬁnancial statements are adequate. 
The details in respect of Internal Fnancial Controls 
and its adequacy are included in the Management 
Discussion and Analysis, which forms part of this 
Report.
28.  PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES AND 
RELATED DISCLOSURES
Disclosure of remuneration and other details as 
required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with 
Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014 are provided in Annexure “G” forming part of  
this Report.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 151
[page 172]
In accordance with the provisions of Section 
197(14) of the Companies Act, 2013, none of the 
Executive Directors of your Company receive any 
remuneration or commission from any of its 
subsidiaries. 
29. DISCLOSURE OF ACCOUNTING 
TREATMENT
The ﬁnancial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with Indian Accounting Standards 
(IND AS). The Company has prepared these 
ﬁnancial statements to comply in all material 
respects with the IND AS, notiﬁed under section 
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read 
together with paragraph 7 of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014.
30. DEPOSITS FROM PUBLIC
The Company has not accepted any deposits from 
the public under Section 73 of the Companies Act, 
2013 during the year under review and as such no 
amount of principal or interest was outstanding as 
on March 31, 2026.
31. AUDITORS AND AUDITORS’ REPORT 
Statutory Auditors
At the 2nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 
November 13, 2023, the Members approved 
appointment of M/s. N. M. Raiji & Co, Chartered 
Accountants (ICAI Registration no. 108296W) as 
Statutory Auditors of the Company to hold oﬃce 
for a period of Five (5) years commencing from the 
conclusion of that AGM till the conclusion of the 
7th AGM of the Company to be held for the 
ﬁnancial year 2027-2028.
The observations of Statutory Auditor in its reports 
on standalone and consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements are self-explanatory and therefore do 
not call for any further comments.
There were no instances of fraud reported by the 
auditors. Further, there are no qualiﬁcations, 
reservations or adverse remarks contain in the 
Auditor’s Report for the year under review.
Cost Auditors
The cost accounts and records as required to be 
maintained under Section 148 (1) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 are duly made and maintained by the 
Company.
M/s. S. R. Nanabhoy & Co, Cost Accountants (Firm 
Registration No. 000010) were the Cost Auditors of 
the Company for FY 2025-26. The cost audit report 
for FY 2025-26 submitted by the said Cost Auditors 
during the FY 2025-26 does not contain any 
qualiﬁcation, reservation or adverse remark. 
The Board of Directors upon recommendation of 
the Audit Committee has appointed M/s. S. R. 
Nanabhoy & Co, Cost Accountants (Firm 
Registration No. 000010), as the Cost Auditors for 
FY 2026-27. In accordance with the provisions of 
Section 148(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, a resolution seeking ratiﬁcation of the 
remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors forms 
part of the Notice convening the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting of the Company.
Secretarial audit
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act, 
the Board had appointed M/s S.P . Ghali & Co, 
Practicing Company Secretaries (FCS No. [7037], 
CP No. [7537]), as the Secretarial Auditors of the 
Company for the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 
2026, to undertake secretarial audit of the 
Company. A report from the secretarial auditor in 
the prescribed Form MR-3 for the year ended March 
31, 2026 is annexed to this Report as an Annexure 
“D”
Pursuant to Regulation 24A (2) of SEBI Listing 
Regulations, Annual Secretarial Compliance Report 
for the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2026 on 
compliance of all applicable SEBI Regulations and 
circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder, was 
obtained from M/s. S.P . Ghali & Co, Company 
Secretaries, Secretarial Auditor of the Company and 
the same has been submitted with the stock 
exchange within the prescribed timelines. The said 
report is available on the website of the Company.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 152
[page 173]
The Secretarial Audit Report contains the following 
observation;
The Company failed to appoint the Woman 
Independent Director in compliance Regulation No. 
17(1)a of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Management Response: The Company has been 
making sincere and continuous efforts to identify and 
appoint a suitable Woman Independent Director 
possessing the requisite qualiﬁcations, experience, 
industry expertise relevant to the Company's business, 
and independence, in accordance with the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. The Company has exercised due 
diligence in the selection process to ensure that the 
proposed appointee would meaningfully contribute to 
the Board's effectiveness and the Company's 
corporate governance framework. Despite the 
Company's best efforts, the appointment could not be 
completed within the prescribed timeline due to the 
time involved in identifying an appropriate candidate 
and obtaining the necessary approvals. The matter is 
receiving the highest priority of the management and 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and the 
Company is in the advanced stage of ﬁnalizing a 
suitable candidate. The appointment of a Woman 
Independent Director shall be placed before the Board 
for its consideration at the earliest possible 
opportunity, and the Company will ensure compliance 
at the earliest.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the 
Companies Act and Regulation 24A of Listing 
Regulations, the Board of Directors, on the 
recommendations of the Audit Committee, in it’s 
meeting held on August 4, 2026 has recommended to 
the shareholders of the Company, an appointment of 
Mr. Deepak Sadhu, Practicing Company Secretaries, 
(ACS: 39541 COP: 14992) (Peer review No: 
2387/2022), as the Secretarial Auditor of the 
Company for a term of ﬁve consecutive years 
commencing from ﬁnancial year 2026-27 till ﬁnancial 
year 2030-31.
Mr. Deepak Sadhu, Practicing Company Secretaries, 
(ACS: 39541 COP: 14992) (Peer review No: 
2387/2022), have given his consent to act as 
Secretarial Auditor of the Company and conﬁrmed 
that his aforesaid appointment would be within the 
prescribed limits under the Act & Rules made 
thereunder and Listing Regulations. 
Mr. Deepak Sadhu has also conﬁrmed that he is not 
disqualiﬁed to be appointed as Secretarial Auditor in 
terms of provisions of the Act & Rules made 
thereunder and Listing Regulations.
Internal Auditors
The Board appointed M/s. ZADN & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants, Mumbai as the Internal 
Auditors of the Company for the Financial Year 
2025-26, who have conducted the internal audits 
periodically and shared their reports and ﬁndings 
with the Audit Committee and follow-up actions 
thereon from time to time. The Audit Committee 
reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the 
Company’s internal control environment and 
monitors the implementation of audit 
recommendations including those relating to 
strengthening the Company’s risk management 
policies and systems.
32. SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS
No signiﬁcant or material orders were passed by the 
Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which will impact 
the going concern status and Company’s operations 
in future.
33. ANNUAL RETURN
Pursuant to Section 92(3) read with Section 134(3)(a) 
of the Act, the Annual Return of the Company is 
available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/investor-relations
34. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANAL YSIS 
REPORT
Pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Management 
Discussion & Analysis is enclosed elsewhere in this 
Annual Report forms part of this Report.
35. COMPLIANCE OF SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
The Company has complied with the applicable 
Secretarial Standards on Meetings of the Board of 
Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-2) 
speciﬁed by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India.
36. SUSPENSION OF SECURITIES OF THE 
COMPANY
The securities of the Company have not been 
suspended from trading in any of the stock 
exchanges.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 153
[page 174]
37. INVESTOR EDUCATION AND 
PROTECTION FUND
In accordance with the provisions of Sections 124 
and 125 of the Act and the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and 
Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”), dividends of a 
company that remain unpaid or unclaimed for a 
period of seven years from the date of transfer to 
the Unpaid Dividend Account shall be transferred by 
such company to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (“IEPF”).
In terms of the foregoing provisions of the Act, no 
dividend amount or shares were required to be 
transferred to the IEPF by the Company during the 
year ended March 31, 2026.
40. DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SEXUAL 
HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE 
(PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) 
ACT , 2013
Your Company is fully committed to uphold and 
maintain the dignity of women working in the 
Company and has zero tolerance towards any 
actions which may fall under the ambit of sexual 
harassment at workplace. An Internal Committee 
(‘IC’) under the Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) 
Act, 2013 (‘POSH Act’) has been constituted to 
redress the complaints received regarding sexual 
38. BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Your Company is adhering to the Business 
Responsibility and sustainability Reporting (BRSR) 
Requirements.
The BRSR indicates the Company’s performance 
against the principles of the ‘National Guidelines on 
Responsible Business Conduct’. This would enable 
the Members to have an insight into Environmental, 
Social and Governance initiatives of the Company. 
A detailed Business Responsibility and Sustainabili-
ty Report in terms of the provisions of Regulation 34 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is enclosed 
elsewhere in this Annual Report and forms an 
integral part of this Report.
harassment and it presently comprises of four (4) 
members out of which all members are women as 
on the date of this report.
The Company has adopted a Policy for Prevention 
of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace. 
Periodic sessions were also conducted to apprise 
employees and build awareness on the subject 
matter.
The disclosure with respect to complaints under 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 is 
as follows;
39. CREDIT RATING
During the FY 2025-26, CRISIL Ratings reaﬃrmed its credit rating of “CRISIL A-/Stable” on the long-term bank 
facilities of the Company on October 28, 2025.
Subsequent to the close of the ﬁnancial year, India Ratings & Research Private Limited (“India Ratings”), vide 
its press release dated April 27, 2026, assigned credit ratings to the Company. The details of the ratings 
assigned are provided below:
Instrument 
Type Date of Issuance Size of Issue 
(million)
Rating Assigned 
with Outlook/Watch Rating Action
Bank loan   
facilities April 27, 2026 INR17,660 IND A-/Stable/
IND A2+ Assigned
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 154
[page 175]
41.HUMAN RESOURCES
For the Company, fostering a strong work culture is 
a top priority, backed by solid HR systems and 
development initiatives. While changes in 
operations may affect employee numbers, the 
company is committed to maintaining an agile, 
high-performance, and diverse workplace. With a 
strong emphasis on values like innovation, 
customer focus, and sustainability, the Company 
enhances customer relationships through the 
collective skills and dedication of its workforce, 
making it a preferred employer. The Company 
consistently fosters harmonious industrial relations 
across its facilities, ensuring continuous 
operational excellence.
Our Company employs a diverse workforce across 
various departments and locations. These 
departments include Accounts, Administration, 
Civil, Co-Generation, Eﬄuent Treatment Plant, 
Electrical, Environment, HR, Instrumentation, 
Industrial Relations (IR), Mechanical, Welding, 
Production, Process, Quality Assurance and Quality 
Control, Research and Development (R&D), 
Purchase, Security, Sales, Stores, and Water 
Treatment Plant. Additionally, we engage 
independent contractors who oversee on-site 
contract labour for speciﬁc ancillary operations. Our 
operations have been free from major work 
stoppages due to labour disputes or work 
cessation. Our attrition rates reﬂect stable 
employee retention efforts during these periods. 
For more details on Human Resources kindly refer 
management discussion and analysis report.
 
42. HEALTH, SAFETY AND SECURITY 
MEASURES:
Ensuring the safety and well-being of our workforce 
is paramount at our Company. We maintain 
stringent health, safety, and security measures 
across all our facilities. As responsible corporate 
citizens, we prioritize human health and safety, 
strictly adhering to Occupational Health and Safety 
management standards. This commitment is 
ingrained in our daily operations, integrating 
responsibilities for occupational health, hygiene, 
and safety seamlessly. Regular safety inspections 
and audits are conducted at all plants and project 
sites to uphold these standards. Furthermore, we 
actively promote health and safety awareness 
through programs across our locations, fostering a 
culture of well-being among our employees.
The Company places utmost importance on the 
safety and well-being of its employees. Through 
proactive implementation of precautionary 
measures and rigorous safety protocols, we 
demonstrate our unwavering commitment to 
protecting our workforce from potential risks. By 
consistently enforcing preventive safeguards at all 
our plants and sites, we ensure a secure and safe 
work environment for everyone.
43. OTHER DISCLSOURES
Directors state that no disclosure or reporting is 
required in respect of the following items as there 
were no transactions for the same during the year 
under review:
a. The Company did not revise its ﬁnancial 
statements during the ﬁscal year under review.
b. There were no applications made or proceedings 
pending against the Company under the Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, and this status 
remained unchanged at the end of the ﬁnancial 
year.
c. No valuations of the Company were conducted 
during the year for One Time Settlement (OTS) 
purposes or for obtaining loans from 
banks/ﬁnancial institutions.
Sl.No. Particulars Details
1 Number of complaints of sexual harassment received in the year Nil
2 Number of complaints disposed off during the year Nil
3 Number of cases pending for more than ninety days Nil
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 155
[page 176]
d.Receipt of any remuneration or commission from any of its subsidiary companies by the Managing Director 
or the Whole-Time Director of the Company;
e.Non-exercising of voting rights in respect of shares purchased directly by employees under a scheme 
pursuant to Section 67(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 16(4) of Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014;
f.Compliance with Maternity Beneﬁt Act, 1961: The Company has complied with the applicable provisions of 
the Maternity Beneﬁt Act, 1961, including those relating to maternity leave, nursing breaks, and other 
prescribed beneﬁts and entitlements for employees. The Company remains committed to supporting the 
health and well-being of its workforce in accordance with the law.
44. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
Your Directors take this opportunity to thank and acknowledge with gratitude, the contributions made by the 
employees through their hard work, dedication, competence, commitment and co-operation towards the 
success of your Company and have been core to our existence that helped us to face all challenges.
Your Directors are also thankful for consistent co-operation and assistance received from its shareholders, 
investors, business associates, customers, vendors, bankers, regulatory and government authorities and 
showing their conﬁdence in the Company.
By order of the Board
For TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  Vishal Nirani 
Managing Director    Executive Director
DIN: 07413777     DIN: 08434032
Date: 28-07-2026
Place: Bengaluru
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 156
[page 177]
FORM AOC - 1
(Pursuant to ﬁrst proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the ﬁnancial statement of subsidiaries or associate companies or 
joint ventures as at March 31, 2026.
ANNEXURE “A”
Part A: Subsidiaries
1. Number of subsidiaries:    2 (Two) (Amount ₹ in Lakhs)
S No. Details Details
1. CIN/any other registration 
number of subsidiary 
companies
U35201KA2024PTC192874 U11202KA2020PTC196716
2. Name of the Subsidiaries TruAlt Gas Private Limited Limited 
3. Date since when subsidiary was 
acquired October 27, 2025 September 18, 2023
4. Provisions pursuant to which 
the company has become a 
subsidiary (Section 2(87)(i)/
Section 2(87)(ii))
2(87)(ii) 2(87)(ii)
5. Reporting period for the 
subsidiary concerned, if 
different from the holding 
company’s reporting period
NA NA
6 Reporting period for the 
subsidiary concerned, if 
different from the holding 
company's reporting period
Reporting 
Currency ₹ Reporting 
Currency ₹
7 Reporting currency and 
Exchange rate as on the last 
year in the case of foreign 
subsidiaries
Exchange 
Rate
Not 
applicable
Exchange 
Rate
Not 
applicable
8 Share capital 2321.99 2,763.92
9 Reserves & surplus 2,730.90 1,343.93
10 Total assets 10,050.52 7,742.17
11 Total Liabilities 10,050.52 7,742.17
12 Investments - -
13 Turnover Nil 4,043.09
14 (113.21) 2,184.61
15 Provision for taxation (8.79) 378.83
16 (104.42) 1,805.78
17 Proposed Dividend - -
18 % of Shareholding 51% 51%
Details of Subsidiaries
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 157
[page 178]
* However, during the year under review, Leafinti Bioenergy Private Limited ceased to be the wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company w.e.f. March 18, 2026.
Note: The Company, through its subsidiaries, has entered into strategic collaborations with Sumitomo 
Corporation in Trualt Gas Private Limited and GAIL India Limited in Leafiniti Bioenergy Private Limited for the 
development and implementation of Compressed Bio-Gas (CBG) projects in identified location as per the 
agreement signed with the parties.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 158
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and 
Joint Ventures
Sl No. CIN /any other registration number Names of subsidiaries which are yet
to commence operations 
 
1. U35201KA2024PTC192874 TruAlt Gas Private Limited
Part B: Associates and Joint Ventures
2. Name of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: 1 (One)
3. Number of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or have ceased to be a subsidiary 
    during the year –  Nil*
4.  Number of Associate / Joint Venture 
Sl No. CIN /any other registration number Names of subsidiaries
Not Applicable
1 Name of Associate/Joint Venture
Not Applicable
2 Latest audited Balance Sheet Date
3 Date on which the Associate or Joint Venture was associated or 
acquired
4 Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by the company on the 
year end
A Number
B Amount of investment in Associates/Joint Venture
C Extent of Holding %
5
6 Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated
Description of how there is significant influence
7 Net worth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited Balance 
Sheet
8
A Considered in Consolidation
Profit / Loss for the year
B Not Considered in Consolidation
[page 179]
5. Number of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations - Nil
6. Number of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or have ceased to be associate or 
joint venture during the year – Nil
Sl No. CIN /any other registration number Names of Associates and Joint Ventures 
which are yet to commence operations
Not Applicable
Sl No. CIN /any other registration number Names of Associates and Joint Ventures 
Not Applicable
By order of the Board
For TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  Vishal Nirani 
Managing Director    Executive Director
DIN: 07413777    DIN: 08434032
Date: 28-07-2026
Place: Bengaluru  
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 159
[page 180]
* The Company shall provide the Corporate Guarantee worth 51% of the project cost in line with the JVA conditions with 
Sumitomo Corporation, in favour of NABARD as security for the term loan facility of Rs. 180.00 Cr sanctioned to Trualt Gas 
Private Limited (TGPL), a subsidiary Company for setting up of 3 CBG plants with a capacity of 20 TPD.
By order of the Board
For TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  Vishal Nirani 
Managing Director    Executive Director
DIN: 07413777    DIN: 08434032
Date: 28-07-2026
Place: Bengaluru
Particulars of Loan, Guarantee or Investments
Details of loans, guarantee or investments made by the Company under Section 185 & 186 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, during the FY 25-26 are given below:
Annexure-“B”
Amount Outstanding as at March 31, 2026:
Loan, Guarantee and Investments made during the Financial Year 2025-26
Category Date of Board 
mee ng in which  
such loan / 
investment/
guarantee / 
security 
approved
Details of Loan /
investment /
Security / 
 Guarantee
Name of the 
Company 
in which 
Investment /
Loan / 
Guarantee 
is made / given
Purpose of 
which the loan / 
guarantee / 
security is 
proposed 
to be utilized 
by the recipient
Amount 
(₹ In Lakhs)
Loan - - - - -
Investment 
October 19, 
2025
Investment in the 
unquoted equity 
shares 
Trualt Gas 
Private 
Limited 
NA 8,42.11
October 28, 
2025
Additional 
Investment in the 
unquoted equity 
shares
Trualt Gas 
Private 
Limited
NA 2,000.00
Guarantee* October 28, 
2025
Corporate 
Guarantee on behalf 
of Trualt Gas Private 
Limited (Subsidiary) 
for loan availed 
from NABARD 
Trualt Gas 
Private 
Limited
Loan shall be 
utilized by the 
subsidiary for 
implementation 
projects
4,666.00
Particulars Amount (Rs. In Lakhs)
Loans given 250.00
Guarantee given* 4,666.00
Investments made in subsidiaries 4,533.63
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 160
[page 181]
FORM AOC-2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) 
of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
Form for Disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties 
referred to in sub section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain Arm’s length 
transactions under third proviso thereto. 
ANNEXURE-“C”
2. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions at Arm’s length basis.
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at Arm’s length basis:
Number of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm‘s length basis: NIL
Sl. 
No.
Name(s)  
of the  
Related Party 
and Nature of 
Relationship
CIN or FCRN or 
LLPIN or FLLPIN 
or PAN/
Passport for 
individuals or any 
other registration 
number
Nature of 
Contracts/  
Arrange-
ments/ 
Transac-
tions
Duration of 
the Contracts/  
Arrange-
ments/  
Transactions
Salient Terms of the  
Contract/ Arrange-
ment/ Transaction  
(Including Value)
Date(s) 
of Ap-
proval 
by the 
Board, if 
any
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
1
Nirani Sugars 
Limited
(Common 
Directors or 
Company 
in which 
Directors 
have 
U15424KA2020P
LC142790
Master 
Supply 
Agreement 
April 01, 2025 
to 
March 31, 
2026
 
1. Sale of Steam 
and Chemicals:  
₹ 10,195.11 Lakhs
2. Purchase of 
Raw Materials:  
₹ 87,317.92 Lakhs
May 13, 
2025 -
2
Nirani Sugars 
Limited 
(Common 
Directors or 
Company 
in which 
Directors 
have 
U15424KA2020P
LC142790
Lease 
Agreement  
Ongoing 
subject to 
renewal every 
year
Lease rental  of 
Registered office, 
Corporate offices 
and other premises.
  
Value of 
the transactions 
during the period: 
₹ 37.23 Lakhs  
May 13, 
2025 -
3
Bioenergy 
Private 
Limited 
(Subsidiary 
Company)
U11202KA2020P
TC196716
Sub-Lease 
Agreement 
Ongoing 
subject to 
renewal every 
year
A 250 sq. ft. portion of 
at Unit No. N-1501/A, 
15th Floor, World 
Trade Centre, Brigade 
Gateway, Dr. Rajkumar 
Road, Malleswaram-
Rajajinagar, Bengaluru 
– 560055, is sub-
leased for an amount 
of ₹ 30,000/- per 
month plus maintenance 
charges
Value of the 
transactions during the 
period: ₹ 3.98 Lakhs
May 13, 
2025 -
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 161
[page 182]
7
Bioenergy 
Private 
Limited 
(Subsidiary 
Company)
U11202KA2020P
TC196716
Master supply 
agreement
April 01, 2025 
to 
March 31, 
2026
Sale of diesel 
and steam 
Value of the 
transactions 
during the 
period: 
₹ 153.46 
Lakhs
May 13, 
2025 -
8
TruAlt Gas 
Private 
Limited 
(Subsidiary 
Company)
U35201KA2024P
TC192874
Sale 
agreement NA
Sale of land 
Value of the 
transactions 
during 
the period:  
₹ 69.20 Lakhs
January 9, 
2026 -
Sl. 
No.
Name(s)  
of the  
Related 
Party and 
Nature of 
Relation-
ship
CIN or FCRN or 
LLPIN or FLLPIN 
or PAN/
Passport for 
individuals or any 
other registration 
number
Nature of 
Contracts/  
Arrange-
ments/ 
Transactions
Duration of 
the Contracts/  
Arrange-
ments/  
Transactions
Salient Terms of the  
Contract/ Arrange-
ment/ Transaction  
(Including Value)
Date(s) 
of Ap-
proval 
by the 
Board, 
if any
Amount 
paid as 
ad-
vances, 
if any
4
TruAlt Gas 
Private 
Limited 
(Subsidiary 
Company
U35201KA2024P
TC192874
Sub-Lease 
Agreement  
11 months
subject to 
renewal every 
year
A 250 sq. ft. portion of 
at Unit No. N-1501/A, 
15th Floor, World 
Trade Centre, Brigade 
Gateway, Dr. Rajkumar 
Road, Malleswaram-
Rajajinagar, Bengaluru 
– 560055, is sub-
leased for an amount 
of ₹ 30,000/- per 
month plus maintenance 
charges 
Value of the 
transactions during the 
period: ₹ 3.98 Lakhs
May 13, 
2025 -
5
Bioenergy 
Private 
Limited 
(Subsidiary 
Company)
U11202KA2020P
TC196716
Transaction-
based 
support 
service 
arrangements  
Ongoing 
(need basis)
Charges towards 
support services 
rendered and 
reimbursement of 
expense
Value of the 
transactions during 
the period: ₹ 360.41
Lakhs
May 13, 
2025
May 3, 
2024
-
6
Bioenergy 
Private 
Limited 
(Subsidiary 
Company)
U11202KA2020P
TC196716
Interest 
Income 
pursuant to 
loan given
Repayable on 
demand 
Interest received.
Value of the 
transactions during the 
period: ₹ 18.45 Lakhs
-
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 162
[page 183]
By order of the Board
For TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  Vishal Nirani 
Managing Director    Executive Director
DIN: 07413777    DIN: 08434032
Date: 28-07-2026
Place: Bengaluru 
*Note: The Company has also entered into certain related party transactions in the ordinary course of business 
and on an arm's length basis such as payment of managerial remuneration, reimbursement of expenses, 
procurement of raw materials from Accutrade Global LLP , which have been disclosed in the related party 
disclosures forming part of the audited ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 in accordance with 
the applicable accounting standards.
3. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not in the ordinary course of business. NIL
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 163
[page 184]
To,
The Members,
Trualt Bioenergy Limited
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence 
to good corporate practices by Trualt Bioenergy Limited (hereinafter called the Company). Secretarial Audit 
was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts / 
statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon. Based on our veriﬁcation of books, papers, 
minutes books, forms and returns ﬁled and other records maintained by the Trualt Bioenergy Limited and also 
the information provided by the Company, its oﬃcers, agents and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period 
covering the period from 01-04-2025 to 31-03-2026, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder 
and also the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the 
manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, Minutes books, forms and returns ﬁled and other records, maintained by 
Trualt Bioenergy Limited for the period from 01-04-2025 to 31-03-2026 according to the provisions of:
(i)  The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made there under;
(ii)  The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made there under;
(iii)  The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws Framed there under.
(iv)  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to extent of 
Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial borrowings
(v)  The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 
1992 (‘SEBI Act’) are not applicable to the company;
(i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011;
 
(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
(iii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018;
(iv) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Employee Stock Option Scheme and Employee Stock 
Purchase Scheme) Guidelines, 1999 (As updated upto 3rd September, 2009; (Not Applicable to the 
Company during the Audit Period)
(v) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Beneﬁts and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021; (Not Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period)
FORM NO. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
For the Period 01-04-2025 to 31-03-2026
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
ANNEXURE “D”
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 164
[page 185]
(vi) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008; 
(vii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
(viii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; 
(ix) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 1998 [Last amended 
on February 7, 2023]; (Not Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period)
(x) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations 2018 (Not Applicable to 
the Company during the Audit Period)
(vi) Karnataka State Pollution Control Board Act, 1974
(vii) Apprenticeship Act, 1961
(viii) Workmen Compensation Act, 1923
(ix) Factories Act, 1948
(x) Employee State Insurance, 1948
(xi) Environmental laws – 
a. Environment (Protection) Act (1986)
b. Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act (1981);
c. Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act (1974);
d. Hazardous Waste (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules;
(xii) Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972
(xiii) Employees Provident Fund Act, 1952
(xiv) Payment of Bonus Act, 1965
(xv) The Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition) Act 1970
(xvi)The Payment of Minimum wages Act, 1948 
(xvii) Industrial Disputes Act, 1947
Industry Speciﬁc Laws:
(i) Electricity Act (2003);
(ii) Energy Conservation Act (2001);
(iii) Foreign Trade (Development & Regulation) Act (1992);
(iv) Legal Metrology Act (2009);
(v) Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) Act;
(vi) State speciﬁc Bioenergy Policies;
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
(ii) The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with NSE and/or BSE Stock Exchanges;
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 165
[page 186]
During the period under Review the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, 
Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above, subject to the following observations:
a) During the period under review, the provisions of the Act requiring the appointment of an Independent 
Woman Director were applicable to the Company; however, no such appointment was made. 
Consequently, the Board of Directors is not duly constituted in this speciﬁc regard. Except for this 
deviation, the Board maintains a balance of Executive, Non-Executive, and Independent Directors, and all 
other changes in the composition of the Board and KMP were carried out in compliance with the Act.
I further report that:
We have not dealt with in this report any provisions relating to Audit of Accounts and the related ﬁnancial 
records and also the provisions under Income Tax, Goods and Service Tax and Customs Act, other connected 
enactments the records of which have been covered under the Financial Audit. 
Adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule the Board Meetings and agenda and detailed notes on 
agenda were sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clariﬁcations on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the 
meeting.
Majority decisions are carried through while the dissenting members’ views are captured and recorded as part 
of the minutes.
I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the company commensurate with the size 
and operations of the company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations 
and Guidelines.
I further report that during the audit period, apart from the following, the Company has not 
conducted/undertaken any speciﬁc event/s / action/s which can be considered to have a major bearing on the 
company’s affairs, in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. 
referred to above –
1. Listing of the shares of company on the Bombay Stock exchange, with effect from 3rd October, 2025.
2. Investments in outside parties.
Place: Belagavi 
Date: 22/05/2026
    
UDIN: F007037H000383424
Peer Review No: S2017KR518300
Name: Sudheendra P . Ghali
FCS No: 7037
CP No: 7537
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 166
[page 187]
To, 
The Members,
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on the audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance 
about the correctness of the contents of secretarial records. The veriﬁcation was done on test basis to 
ensure that correct facts are reﬂected in the secretarial records. We believe that the processes and 
practices followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not veriﬁed the correctness and appropriateness of ﬁnancial records and Books of Accounts of 
the Company like, Income Tax, Goods and Service Tax, Customs Law, etc. 
4. Wherever required, the Company has represented about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc. as applicable from time to time. The compliance under the industry speciﬁc laws 
were examined based on the list of applicable laws provided by the company.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations, Standards 
is the responsibility of the Management in terms of Section 134 (5) (f) of the Companies Act, 2013. Our 
examination was limited to the veriﬁcation of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the 
eﬃcacy or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Place: Belagavi 
Date: 22/05/2026
    
UDIN: F007037H000383424
Peer Review No: S2017KR518300
Annexure to Secretarial Audit Report
Name: Sudheendra P . Ghali
FCS No: 7037
CP No: 7537
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 167
[page 188]
1. A brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy.
The Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Policy of TruAlt Bioenergy Limited reﬂects the Company's 
commitment to conducting its business in a socially, economically, and environmentally responsible manner. 
The Policy has been formulated in accordance with the provisions of Section 135 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time.
The Company's CSR initiatives are aimed at creating a positive and sustainable impact on the environment, 
communities, consumers, employees, and other stakeholders. The Policy recognizes the importance of 
balancing economic growth with social development and environmental stewardship, while integrating CSR 
values into the Company's business objectives and operations.
The vision of the Company is to contribute to the social and economic development of communities, promote 
inclusive growth, and be recognized as a responsible corporate citizen committed to community welfare. Its 
mission is to implement meaningful CSR programmes that foster community development, social 
responsibility, environmental sustainability, and sustainable livelihoods.
Through its CSR activities, the Company seeks to make a material, visible, and lasting difference in the lives of 
disadvantaged and underprivileged sections of society. The Company allocates a dedicated CSR budget from 
its proﬁts in accordance with the applicable statutory requirements and undertakes projects and programmes 
in areas speciﬁed under Schedule VII of the Act, thereby contributing towards sustainable and socially 
responsible growth.
3. Provide   the   web-link   where   Composition   of   CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved 
by the board are disclosed on the website of the company: 
ANNEXURE-“E”
ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2025-26
* w.e.f. July 26, 2025
Particular Web-link
Composition of the CSR Committee https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/Composition
https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/CSR Policy CSR Policy
CSR Projects
Sl. 
No. Name of Director Designation/nature 
of directorship 
Number of Meetings 
of CSR Committee 
held during the year 
Number of meeting 
attended during 
the year 
1 Ms. Sushmitha 
Vijaykumar Nirani
Non-Executive Director 
(Chairman) 1 1
2 Mr. Chandrasekhar 
Kanekal
Independent Director 
(Member) 1 1
3 Mr. Mallikarjun 
Bhimappa Dyaberi
Independent Director 
(Member) 1 1
4
Mr. Yagati B
adarinarayana
Ramakrishna* 
Independent Director 
(Member) 1 1
https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/csr
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 168
[page 189]
4. Provide   the   executive summary along with web-link(s) of   Impact   assessment   of   CSR projects carried 
out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of   the   Companies (Corporate   Social   responsibility Policy) Rules, 
2014, if applicable: Not Applicable
5. (a) Average net proﬁt of the Company as per section 135(5):₹ 82,81,37,000/-
(b) Two percent of average net proﬁt of the Company as per section 135(5): ₹ 1,65,62,740/-
 
(c)Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous ﬁnancial years.: Nil
(d)Amount required to be set off for the ﬁnancial year, if any: ₹ 1,23,891
(e)Total CSR obligation for the ﬁnancial year [(b)+(c)-d).: ₹ 1,64,38,849/- 
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project): ₹ 1,64,50,000/-
 
(b) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: Nil
(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Nil 
(d) Total amount spent for the ﬁnancial year [6(a)+6(b)+6(c)]: ₹ 1,64,50,000/-
(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the ﬁnancial year:
(f) Excess amount for set off, if any: 
* Amount is the round off ﬁgures after adjustment of previous year excess spending of ₹ 1,23,891
Total Amount 
Spent for the 
Financial Year. 
(In ₹)
Amount Unspent (in ₹)
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
section 135(6). Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135(5).
Amount Date of 
transfer
Name 
of the Fund Amount Date of Transfer
₹ 1,64,50,000/- Nil - Nil Nil -
Sl. No. Particular Amount (in ₹)
(i) 1,65,62,740
(ii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year 1,64,50,000*
(iii) Nil
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of Nil
(v) Nil
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 169
[page 190]
7.Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three ﬁnancial years
Sl. 
No.
Preceding 
Financial 
Year.
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under 
section 
135 (6) 
(in ₹)
Balance 
Amount in 
Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under 
Section 
135(6) (in 
₹)
Amount 
spent 
in the 
reporting 
Financial 
Year (in 
₹).
Amount transferred 
under Schedule VII as 
per section 135(6), if 
any.
Amount 
remaining 
to be 
spent in 
succeeding 
years. (in 
₹)
if any
Name 
of the Fund
Amount (in 
₹).
Date of 
transfer.
Nil
8.  Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount 
spent in the Financial Year: No
If Yes, enter the number of Capital assets created/acquired: Not Applicable
Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility 
amount spent in the Financial Year:
9. Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two percent of the average net proﬁt as per 
section 135(5): Not Applicable
For and on Behalf of the Board 
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani           Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani
Managing Director    Chairman of the CSR Committee 
DIN: 07413777      DIN: 08356858
Date: 28.07.2026
Place: Bengaluru
Sl. 
No.
Short 
particulars of 
the property or 
asset(s) 
[including 
complete 
address 
and location of 
the property]
Pincode 
of the 
property or 
asset(s)
Date of 
creation
Amount spent 
in the reporting 
Financial 
Year (in ₹).
of the registered owner
CSR 
Registration 
Number, if 
applicable
Name Registered 
address
Nil
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 170
[page 191]
A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY:
1) The steps taken or impact on conservation of energy and the steps taken by the Company for utilizing 
alternate sources of energy:
In all the TBL (Trualt Bioenergy Limited) Plant units, the Company has adopted Incineration Boiler Technology 
of using Spent wash (Eﬄuent from Ethanol Distillery) as Fuel along with Bagasse (Bio Mass). As a result of 
this, making process from Spent wash to Steam and Power by using Green Technology - Waste to Wealth 
concept is adopted.
The Company does not buy any Fossil fuel and do not import Energy in any form from other sources. The 
Company's Technology is Green and there is almost nil pollution from the Distilleries.
2) The Capital investment on energy conservation equipment is:
The incurred cost for the Incineration Boiler can be treated as capital investment on energy Conservation 
Equipment.
Further to note that the Company has installed Multi feedstock facilities at TBL 1 (550 KLPD), TBL 2 (450 
KLPD) and TBL 4 (300 KLPD) to ensure round the year Distillery operations is also planning to add 400 KLPD 
multi feed plant at TBL 3 during this year. The Main feedstock is Sugarcane Syrup, Molasses, Maize and Rice. 
All these multi feed facilities are done by the TBL team indigenously.
B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION:
i. The Efforts made towards technology absorption: NIL
ii. The Beneﬁts like product improvement, cost reduction, product development, import substitution: NIL
iii. Details of technology imported during the past 3 years reckoned from the beginning of the ﬁnancial year: 
NIL
a. The details of technology import: NA
b. The year of import: NA
c. Whether the technology has been fully absorbed: NA
d. If not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place, and the reasons thereof: 
e. Trualt has been adopting Indian Technologies in our Distilleries and many reputed companies are 
providing the Robust and advanced Technology and it is being adopted in all the Distilleries. The 
Distilleries are fully Automated and operating through DCS (Distributed Control System) - Computer 
Based.
iv. The expenditure incurred on Research and Development: - Nil
The conservation of energy, technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo pursuant 
to the provisions of section 134(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies
 (Accounts) Rules, 2014:
Annexure “F”
Business Area  Equipment Total in Rs.
TBL Unit-1 32 TPH Boiler & 90 TPH Boiler 82,85,11,603
TBL Unit-3 60 TPH Boiler 20,10,94,763
TBL Unit-2  57 TPH Boiler  33,10,26,001
Grand Total 136,06,32,367
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 171
[page 192]
Annexure “F”Particulars  March 31,2026 March 31,2025
Earnings NIL NIL
Outgo NIL NIL
By order of the Board
For TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani   Vishal Nirani 
Managing Director     Executive Director
DIN: 07413777                   DIN: 08434032
Date: 28.07.2026
Place: Bengaluru  
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 172
[page 193]
a) Ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the Median remuneration of the employees of the Company 
and Percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Oﬃcer and Company Secretary 
and Compliance Oﬃcer in the ﬁnancial year:
b) Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 was 11 % as 
compared to the previous ﬁnancial year.
c)  Number of permanent employees as on 31st March, 2026 was 828.
d) Average percentile increases in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the 
ﬁnancial year 2025-26 and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and 
justiﬁcation thereof (and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial 
remuneration): 
Average percentile increases in the salaries of employees other than managerial personnel in the ﬁnancial year 
2025-26 was 11%. whereas the increase in the managerial remuneration in the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 was Nil. 
The increase in compensation of employees is guided by factors such as, market trends, internal parity and is 
in line with the normal pay revisions, which is linked to individual performance and the Company’s 
performance.
e)  It is hereby aﬃrmed that remuneration to the KMPs and senior employees of the Company are in line with 
the Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company.
Note: The ratio of remuneration to median remuneration relates to the employees of the Company excluding its subsidiaries.
* Remuneration received in FY 26 is for part of the year and hence not stated.
Details of Remuneration Pursuant to Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
Annexure “G”
Name of the 
Director/KMP Designation
Ratio of Remuneration 
of Ratio of Remuneration 
of each Director to median
Remuneration of 
employees
% Increase of
remuneration in
Financial Year 2025-26
Mr. Vijaykumar 
Murugesh Nirani Managing Director Nil
Mr. Vishal Nirani Executive Director Nil
Mr. Anand 
Murugan Executive Director Nil
Mr. Anand 
Kishore 
Chief Financial Nil
Mr. Monu Kumar Company Secretary &
77.32
77.32
15.41
22.25
- NA
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 173
[page 194]
f) The statement containing names of top ten employees is not applicable as the Company did not have any 
employee(s) who drawn remuneration in excess of the threshold as prescribed under Section 197(12) of the 
Act read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014.
g) Further, the report and the accounts are being sent to the Members excluding the aforesaid annexure. In 
terms of Section 136 of the Act, the said annexure is open for inspection and any Member interested in 
obtaining a copy of the same may write to the Company Secretary at cs@trualtbioenergy.com.
By order of the Board
For TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  Vishani Nirani 
Managing Director    Executive Director
DIN: 07413777    DIN: 08434032
Date: 28-07-2026
Place: Bengaluru
  
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 174
[page 195]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 175
[page 196]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 176
CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE 
REPORT
[page 197]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 177
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
1. COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF GOVERNANCE 
The Company ﬁrmly believes that good corporate governance is essential for achieving long-term growth, 
enhancing stakeholder value, and maintaining trust and transparency in all its dealings. The Company’s 
philosophy on corporate governance is driven by a strong commitment to ethical business practices, integrity, 
accountability, and compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
The Company recognizes that corporate governance is not merely a set of legal requirements but a framework 
that ensures fairness, transparency, and responsibility in its functioning. Accordingly, the Company strives to 
uphold the highest standards of governance in all aspects of its operations.
The Company’s structure, business dealings, administration and disclosure practices are aligned to good 
corporate governance philosophy. The Company has an adequate system of control in place to ensure that the 
executive decisions taken should result in optimum growth and development which beneﬁts all the 
stakeholders. The Company also aims to increase and sustain its corporate values through growth and 
innovation. 
The Board of Directors plays a pivotal role in overseeing the governance framework and ensuring that the 
Company adheres to these principles in letter and spirit. Various Board Committees have been constituted to 
ensure focused attention on speciﬁc areas such as audit, risk management, nomination and remuneration, and 
stakeholder relationships.
2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Composition and Category of Board of Directors:
The Company recognizes the importance of a diverse board in its success. The Board is entrusted with the 
ultimate responsibility of the management, direction and performance of the Company and has been vested 
with the requisite powers, authorities and duties. 
The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of an ideal blend of executive, non-executive, and 
independent directors, each being an esteemed professional with signiﬁcant expertise in business, ﬁnance, 
law, and administration that enables the Board to discharge its responsibilities and provide effective 
leadership and support to the business. The composition, diversity and strength of the Board is reviewed from 
time to time to ensure that the same is in line with the applicable laws and that it remains aligned with the 
strategy and long-term needs of the Company.
As on March 31, 2026, the Board has a total strength of 7 (Seven) Directors out of which 1 (One) is Managing 
Director, 2 (Two) is Executive Director, 1(One) is a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director (Women), and 3 
(Three) are Non-Executive Independent Directors of the Company.
The Company is in the process of appointing a Woman Independent Director on its Board in compliance with 
the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
The appointment could not be completed during the reporting period due to the ongoing identiﬁcation and 
evaluation of a suitable candidate. The Board is actively pursuing the appointment process and is committed 
to ensuring compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements at the earliest.
[page 198]
None of the Directors on the Board is a member of more than 10 (ten) Committees or Chairperson of more 
than 5 (ﬁve) Committees across all companies in which he/ she is a director. Further, none of the Independent 
Directors on the Board is serving as an Independent Director in more than 7 (seven) listed companies. 
Necessary disclosures regarding Committee positions have been made by all the Directors.
The Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors fulﬁl conditions speciﬁed under the Act and the 
Listing Regulations and are independent of the management of the Company. There were no instances with 
respect to resignation of an independent director before the expiry of his/her tenure.
There is no institutional nominee director on the Board of the Company.
There are no inter-se relationships between our Board members except Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani is the 
brother of Mr. Vishal Nirani, and Mrs. Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani is wife of Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, 
Managing Director of the Company.
As per the Articles of Association of the Company, at least two-thirds of the Board of Directors should be 
retiring Directors. One-third of these Directors are required to retire every year and if eligible, the retiring 
Directors qualify for re-appointment.
The detailed proﬁle of all the Board members is available on the Company’s website at 
www.trualtbioenergy.com.
The composition of the Board of directors, during the year and attendance during last Annual General Meeting 
are as under:
Sl. 
No. Name of Director Category Date of 
Appointment
Attendance in
last AGM
1
Mr. Yagati  
Badarinarayana 
Ramakrishna  
Chairman and Non-Executive, 
Independent Director 26/12/2023 Yes
2 Mr. Chandrasekhar 
Kanekal
Non-Executive, Independent 
Director 18/09/2023 Yes
3 Mr. Mallikarjun 
Bhimappa Dyaberi
Non-Executive, Independent 
Director 06/12/2023 Yes
4 Mr. Vijaykumar 
Murugesh Nirani Managing Director 31/03/2021 Yes
5 Mr. Vishal Nirani Executive Director 31/03/2021 Yes
6 Ms. Sushmitha 
Vijaykumar Nirani
Non-Executive,  
Non-Independent Director 18/09/2023 Yes
7 Mr. Durairaj Anand 
Murugan Jakkampati Executive Director 06/12/2023 No
Directorship and Memberships of Board Committees:
Number of directorship/committee positions of directors as on March 31, 2026 (including the Company):
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 178
[page 199]
* For the purpose of considering the limit of committees in which a director can serve, all public limited companies, whether listed 
or not, have been included; whereas all other companies including private limited companies, foreign companies and companies 
under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013 have been excluded. Only the Audit Committee and the Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee, are considered for the purpose of reckoning committee positions
Names of the other listed entities where the Directors are holding directorship, as on March 31, 2026:
As at the end of ﬁnancial year 2025-26, Mr. Chandrasekhar Kanekal, Independent Director of the Company holds 
directorship in 63 Moons Technologies Limited which is a listed entity. Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, 
Managing Director and Mr. Vishal Nirani, Executive Director also hold directorship in Riga Sugars Co Ltd which is 
a listed Company.
Except above, no other director of the Company had held directorship in any other listed companies.
Number of Board meetings:
During the Financial Year 2025-26, the Board of Directors met Twelve (12) times on May 13, 2025, July 26, 2025, 
September 6, 2025, September 19, 2025, September 29, 2025, October 19, 2025, October 28, 2025, November 11, 
2025, January 9, 2026, February 3, 2026, February 23, 2026 and   March 30, 2026. The statement below tabulates 
the attendance of each of the director at the aforesaid Board meetings:
Sl. 
No. Name of Director Directorships Committee position in listed
and unlisted public companies
Listed
companies
Unlisted
Public
Private
Companie
As a 
Member As Chairperson
1 Mr. Yagati Badarinarayana 
Ramakrishna  1 - - - -
2 Mr. Chandrasekhar Kanekal 2 - 1 3 2
3 Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi 1 - - 1 2
4 Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani 2 - 5 1 -
5 Mr. Vishal Nirani 2 1 4 1 -
6 Ms. Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani 1 - 1 - -
7 Mr. Durairaj Anand Murugan 
Jakkampati 1 - - 1 -
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 179
Sl. 
No. Name ofDirectors Date of the Meeting
13.05.
2025
26.07.
2025
 6.09.
2025
19.09.
2025
29.09.
2025
19.10.
2025
28.10.
2025
11.11.
2025
09.01.
2026
03.02.
2026
23.02.
2026
30.03.
2026
1
Mr. Yagati 
Badarinarayana 
Ramakrishna  
2 Mr. Chandrasekhar 
Kanekal
3 Mr. Mallikarjun 
Bhimappa Dyaberi
4 Mr. Vijaykumar 
Murugesh Nirani
5 Mr. Vishal Nirani 
6 Ms. Sushmitha 
Vijaykumar Nirani
7
Mr. Durairaj 
Anand Murugan 
Jakkampati
LOA
LOA
LOALOA LOA
LOA
[page 200]
Shareholding of directors:
Details of equity shares of the Company held by the Directors as on March 31, 2026 are given below:
Details of Familiarization programmed imparted to Independent Directors for FY 2025-2026
In terms of Regulation 25 of the Listing Regulations, the Company is required to conduct various programmes 
for the Independent Directors of the Company to familiarise them with their roles, rights, responsibilities in the 
Company, nature of the industry in which the Company operates, business model of the Company, etc. The 
details of such programmes for familiarisation of the Independent Directors are put on the website of the 
Company at the following web-link https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/Familarization  
Skills/expertise/experience of the board of directors
The Board had identiﬁed the skills/ expertise/ competencies fundamental for effective functioning of the 
Company. Further, the Board has members having skill/experience/ competence required for the business and 
affairs of the Company for it to function effectively. The Board has inter-alia the following attributes:
Sl. No. Name of the Director Category No. of Shares held 
1 Mr. Yagati Badarinarayana 
Ramakrishna
Non-Executive Independent 
Director -
2 Mr. Chandrasekhar 
Kanekal
Non-Executive Independent 
Director -
3 Mr. Mallikarjun 
Bhimappa Dyaberi
Non-Executive Independent 
Director -
4 Mr. Vijaykumar 
Murugesh Nirani Managing Director 1,53,36,841
5 Mr. Vishal Nirani Executive Director 1,53,25,071
6 Ms. Sushmitha 
Vijaykumar Nirani Non-Executive Director 1,45,74,868
7 Mr. Durairaj Anand 
Murugan Jakkampati Executive Director -
Note: The Company has not issued any convertible instruments
Nature 
of Skills/ 
Competence/
experience 
Required
Yagati 
Badarinarayana 
Ramakrishna
Chandrasekhar 
Kanekal
Mallikarjun 
Bhimappa 
Dyaberi
Vijaykumar 
Murugesh 
Nirani
Vishal 
Nirani 
Anand 
Murugan
Sushmitha    
Vijaykumar 
Nirani
Chairman and 
Independent 
Director
Independent 
Director
Independent 
Director
Managing 
Director
Executive 
Director
Executive 
Director
Non-
Executive 
Director
Industry 
Knowledge 
and 
experience
Finance 
Management 
and
Accounting
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 180
[page 201]
Nature 
of Skills/ 
Competence/
experience 
Required
Yagati 
Badarinarayana 
Ramakrishna
Chandrasekhar 
Kanekal
Mallikarjun 
Bhimappa 
Dyaberi
Vijaykumar 
Murugesh 
Nirani
Vishal 
Nirani 
Anand 
Murugan
Sushmitha    
Vijaykumar 
Nirani
Chairman and 
Independent 
Director
Independent 
Director
Independent 
Director
Managing 
Director
Executive 
Director
Executive 
Director
Non-
Executive 
Director
Governance, 
Risk 
Management
and 
Compliance
Human 
Resource 
Management
Labour 
Relations & 
Compliance
Labour 
Relations & 
Compliance
Board Evaluation
The Board has adopted a formal mechanism for evaluating its performance and effectiveness as well as that 
of its committees and individual Directors, including the Chairman of the Board. The exercise was carried out 
through a structured evaluation process covering various aspects of the Boards functioning such as 
composition of the Board & Committees, experience & competencies, performance of speciﬁc duties & 
obligations, governance issues, quality of contribution to Board deliberations, commitment to shareholders 
and other stakeholder interests etc.
Independent Directors’ Separate Meeting 
During FY 2025-26, One meeting of the Independent Directors (“IDs”) was held on March 13, 2026, chaired by 
Mr. Chandrasekhar Kanekal. In the above meeting, the IDs, inter alia, reviewed the overall performance of the 
Company including the strategic and operational aspects. They also evaluated the performance of the Board 
and Chairman of the Company, taking into account the views of Executive and Non-Executive Directors and 
assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of ﬂow of information between the management of the Company 
and the Board.
Code of Conduct 
In terms of regulation 17(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has in place a comprehensive Code 
of Conduct for all Directors and Senior Management Personnel of the Company and the same is available on 
the website of the Company at https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/code of conduct
All Directors and Senior Management Personnel have aﬃrmed compliance with the Code for the Financial Year 
2025-26. A certiﬁcate by the MD, on the compliance declarations received from the members of the Board and 
Senior Management forms part of this Report.
Directors and Oﬃcers Insurance:
In line with the requirements of Regulation 25(10) of the Listing Regulations, the Company has in place a 
Directors and Oﬃcers Liability Insurance policy.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 181
[page 202]
Statutory Board Committees
Other Board Committees
Audit 
Committee
Nomination and
Remuneration 
Committee
Stakeholders
 Relationship 
Committee
Corporate 
Social 
Responsibility
IPO Committee
Risk 
Management
Committee
Interactions with the Senior Management team of the Company
The Directors have access to information and are free to interact with the senior management oﬃcials of the 
Company. The views of the Independent Directors are invited on key strategic deliberations relating to the 
business plans of the Company. The interaction of Independent Directors with other Board members and 
functional team, gives an insight from business perspective and provides a platform for the Management to 
receive strategic inputs. The Board periodically reviews the compliance reports of all laws applicable to the 
Company.
3. BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has the following 5 (Five) Statutory Committees and 1 (one) non- statutory committee;
a) Audit Committee:
The Audit Committee of the Company is constituted in accordance with Regulation 18 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and Section 177 of the Act.
As on March 31, 2026, Audit Committee comprised of 3 members out of which 2 members are Independent 
Directors. 
During FY 2026, Nine (9) Audit Committee Meetings were held on May 13, 2025, July 26, 2025, September 6, 
2025, September 19, 2025, October 19, 2025, October 28, 2025, November 11, 2025, February 3, 2026, and 
March 30, 2026.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 182
[page 203]
The Company Secretary of the Company acts as a Secretary of the Committee.  The necessary quorum was 
present for the aforesaid meetings. The maximum interval between any two Audit Committee meetings did not 
exceed 120 days. All recommendations made by the Audit Committee during the year were accepted by the 
Board.
Terms of reference 
The terms of reference and role of the Audit Committee inter-alia includes matters speciﬁed under section 
177(4) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 read with Part-C of Schedule II of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, which are as follows;
1)oversight of ﬁnancial reporting process and the disclosure of ﬁnancial information relating to the Company to 
ensure that the ﬁnancial statements are correct, suﬃcient and credible;
2) recommendation to the board of directors of the Company (the “Board” or “Board of Directors”) for 
appointment, re-appointment, replacement, remuneration and other terms of appointment of statutory auditors 
of the Company;
3) approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;
4) reviewing, with the management, the annual ﬁnancial statements and auditor’s report thereon before 
submission to the Board for approval, with particular reference to;
▪ matters required to be included in the director’s responsibility statement to be included in the Board’s report 
in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013.
▪ changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same; major accounting entries 
involving estimates based on the exercise of judgement by management;
▪ signiﬁcant adjustments made in the ﬁnancial statements arising out of audit ﬁndings;
▪ compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to ﬁnancial statements;
▪ disclosure of any related party transactions; and
▪ modiﬁed opinion(s) in the draft audit report
5) reviewing, with the management, the quarterly, half-yearly and annual ﬁnancial statements before 
submission to the Board for approval;
6) reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / application of funds raised through an issue (public 
issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilised for purposes other than those stated 
in the offer document / prospectus / notice and the report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the 
utilisation of proceeds of a public or rights issue or preferential issue or qualiﬁed institutions placement, and 
making appropriate recommendations to the Board to take up steps in this matter.
Name of the member Category No. of Meetings 
entitled to attend
No of Meeting(s) 
attended
Mr. Chandrasekhar 
Kanekal
Non-Executive, 
Independent Director (Chairman) 9 9
Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa 
Dyaberi
Non-Executive, 
Independent Director (Member) 9 9
Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh 
Nirani Managing Director (Member) 9 9
The Composition, Category and Attendance of Audit Committee is given below:
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 183
[page 204]
7) reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence and performance, and effectiveness of 
audit process;
8) approval of any subsequent modiﬁcation of transactions of the Company with related parties and omnibus 
approval for related party transactions proposed to be entered into by the Company, subject to the conditions 
as may be prescribed:
▪ Recommend criteria for omnibus approval or any changes to the criteria for approval of the Board;
▪ Make omnibus approval for related party transactions proposed to be entered into by the Company for 
every ﬁnancial year as per the criteria approved.
▪ Review of transactions pursuant to omnibus approval.
▪ Make recommendation to the Board, where Audit Committee does not approve transactions other than 
the transactions falling under Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013.
9) scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
10) valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary
11) evaluation of internal ﬁnancial controls and risk management systems.
12) reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, and adequacy of the 
internal control systems;
13) reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit 
department, staﬃng and seniority of the oﬃcial heading the department, reporting structure coverage and 
frequency of internal audit;
14) discussion with internal auditors of any signiﬁcant ﬁndings and follow-up thereon;
15) reviewing the ﬁndings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is 
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the 
matter to the Board;
16) discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as 
well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;
17) looking into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to depositors, debenture holders, 
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors.
18) recommending to the Board the appointment and removal of the external auditor, ﬁxation of audit fees and 
approval for payment for any other services;
19) reviewing the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism.
20) monitoring the end use of funds raised through public offers and related matters;
21) overseeing the vigil mechanism established by the Company, with the chairperson of the Audit Committee 
directly hearing grievances of victimisation of employees and directors, who used vigil mechanism to report 
genuine concerns in appropriate and exceptional cases;
22) approval of appointment of chief ﬁnancial oﬃcer (i.e., the whole-time ﬁnance Director or any other person 
heading the ﬁnance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualiﬁcations, experience and 
background, etc. of the candidate;
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 184
[page 205]
23) reviewing the utilisation of loans and/or advances from/investment by the Company in its subsidiary
(/ies);
24) review the ﬁnancial statements, in particular, the investments made by any unlisted subsidiary.
25) considering and commenting on rationale, cost beneﬁts and impact of schemes involving merger, 
demerger, amalgamation etc., on the Company and its shareholders;
26) approving the key performance indicators (“KPIs”) for disclosure in the offer documents, and approval of 
KPIs once every year, or as may be required under applicable law; and
27) carrying out any other functions required to be carried out by the Audit Committee as may be decided by 
the Board and/or as provided under the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI Listing Regulations or any other 
applicable law, as and when amended from time to time.
Other details;
1. The Chairman of the Audit Committee provides detailed updates to the Board on the matters 
deliberated/recommended by the Committee.
2. The Committee invites executives, as it considers appropriate, representatives of the statutory auditors 
and the internal auditors to participate in its meetings.
3. In accordance with the circular dated January 7, 2026 issued by the National Financial Reporting Authority 
and upon recommendation of the Audit Committee in consultation with the Statutory Auditors, the Board 
adopted a framework to ensure effective two-way communication between ‘Those Charged with 
Governance’ (“TCWG”) and the Statutory Auditors.
4. The Company Secretary is the Compliance Oﬃcer to ensure compliance and effective implementation of 
the Insider Trading Code.
5. The previous AGM of the Company was attended by Chairman of the Audit Committee.
b) Nomination and Remuneration Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) of the Company is constituted in compliance with 
provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprised of 3 members including 2 independent Directors as 
on March 31 2026. All the Committee members are non-executive directors. Further, the Chairman of the NRC 
is distinct from the Chairman of the Company.
During the FY 2025-26, Six (6) Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meetings were held on May 13, 2025, 
July 26, 2025, September 6, 2025, October 28, 2025, January 9, 2026, February 2, 2026 and  March 30, 2026.
The composition, category and attendance of Nomination and Remuneration Committee is given below:
Name of the member Category No. of Meetings 
entitled to attend
No of Meeting(s) 
attended
Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa
Dyaberi 
Non-executive, Independent 
Director (Chairman)  
 
6 6
Mr. Chandrasekhar Kanekal Non-executive,Independent 
Director (Member) 
 
6 6
Mrs. Sushmitha Vijaykumar 
Nirani
Non-executive, Non-
Independent Director (Member) 6 6
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 185
[page 206]
The Company Secretary of the Company acts as a Secretary of the Committee. The necessary quorum was 
present for the aforesaid meetings.
Terms of reference: 
The Terms of Reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is aligned with the matters as stated 
in section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 19 read with Part-D of Schedule II of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 which includes inter alia:
▪ To formulate the criteria for determining qualiﬁcations, positive attributes and independence of a director 
and recommend to the board of Directors a policy relating to the remuneration of the Directors, key 
managerial personnel and other employees;
▪ To appoint an independent Director, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the 
balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a 
description of the role and capabilities required of an independent Director. The person recommended to 
the Board for appointment as an independent Director shall have the capabilities identiﬁed in such 
description;
▪ To formulate the criteria for evaluation of Independent Directors and the Board;
▪ To devise a policy on Board diversity;
▪ To identify persons who are qualiﬁed to become Directors and who may be appointed in senior 
management in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the board of Directors their 
appointment and removal;
▪ To recommend / review remuneration of the Managing Director(s), Whole-time Director(s) and their 
relatives, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management based on their performance and deﬁned 
assessment criteria;
▪ To extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent Director, on the basis of the report of 
performance evaluation of independent directors;
▪ To carry out any other functions as is mandated by the Board from time to time and/ or enforced by any 
statutory notiﬁcation, amendment or modiﬁcation, as may be applicable;
▪ To perform such other functions as may be necessary or appropriate for the performance of its duties.
Other Details:
▪ The Company does not have any employee stock option scheme.
▪ The previous AGM of the Company was attended by Chairman of the NRC.
Performance Evaluation
In terms of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 19 read with Schedule II to the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the NRC has laid 
down the criteria for performance evaluation of the Board as a whole, its Committees and individual directors. 
Based thereon, the evaluation is carried out by NRC and the Board.
The performance evaluation of individual directors and the assessment of Committees’ and Board’s 
effectiveness was reviewed by NRC in its meeting held on March 30, 2026. Based thereon, the Board at its 
meeting held on March 30, 2026 reviewed the performance assessment of the Board and its Committees. 
Feedback on performance of individual directors was given separately.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 186
[page 207]
Further, the performance evaluation for Independent Directors has also been carried out by the entire Board of 
Directors, excluding the Director being evaluated in-line with SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ 
CIR/P/2017/004 dated 05 January 2017.
In a separate meeting of Independent Directors, performance of Non-Independent Directors, the Board as a 
whole, and the Chairperson of the Company was evaluated, taking into account the views of executive and 
non-executive directors.
An indicative list of factors on which evaluation was carried out includes participation and contribution by a 
director, commitment, effective deployment of knowledge and expertise, integrity and maintenance of 
conﬁdentiality and independence of behaviour and judgement.
Remuneration Policy
The Nomination and Remuneration policy of our Company is a comprehensive policy which is competitive, in 
consonance with the industry practices and rewards good performance of the employees of the Company. The 
policy ensures equality, fairness and consistency in rewarding the employees on the basis of performance 
against set objectives. 
The Company pays remuneration by way of salary, beneﬁts, perquisites and allowances (ﬁxed component) and 
commission (variable component) to its Managing Director and the Executive Directors. Annual increments 
are recommended by the NRC within the salary scale approved by the Board and Members.
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the NRC, decides the commission payable to the Managing 
Director and the Executive Directors out of the proﬁts for the ﬁnancial year and within the ceilings prescribed 
under the Act, based on the Board evaluation process considering the criteria such as the performance of the 
Company as well as that of the Managing Director and each Executive Director
The Company pays sitting fees to its Non-Executive Directors for attending meetings of the Board and 
meetings of committees of the Board. The Company also reimburses the out-of-pocket expenses incurred by 
the Directors for attending the meetings if any.
The NRC Policy is uploaded on the website of the Company at https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/Nomina-
tion and Remuneration policy.pdf
Details of the Remuneration for the year ended March 31, 2026
a) Non-Executive Directors
The Non-Executive Independent Directors are paid remuneration by way of sitting fees. No stock options were 
issued to the Non-Executive Independent Directors during the year. The sitting fees to Non-Executive 
Independent Director(s) amounting to ₹  49.95 Lakhs pertaining to 2025-26 is detailed below:
Name of Directors Sitting Fees
Mr. Chandrasekhar Kanekal 14.55
Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi 12.75
Mr. Yagati Badarinarayana Ramakrishna 12.00
Ms. Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani 10.65
Total 49.95
(₹ in Lakh)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 187
[page 208]
Note: Any remuneration paid to the Executive Directors in excess of the limits approved by the shareholders or permissible 
under applicable law, if any, shall be refunded by the concerned Executive Director to the Company or adjusted against 
future remuneration payable to such Executive Director, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable laws and the 
terms approved by the shareholders. Services of the Executive Directors may be terminated by either party, giving the other 
party three months’ notice or the Company paying 3 months’ remuneration in lieu thereof. There is no separate provision 
for payment of severance pay.
Particulars of Senior Management Personnel (“SMP”)
The details of SMP as per SEBI Listing Regulations, including changes therein, since the close of the previous 
ﬁnancial year are as under;
Note: There is no change in SMP during the year except Mr. Deepak Kumar Gulati ceased to act as Company 
Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer of the Company w.e.f. October 28, 2025 and Mr. Monu Kumar was appointed 
as Company Secretary and Complaince oﬃcer w.e.f. February 3, 2026. The necessary disclosures and 
intimations in this regard have been made to the Stock Exchanges in compliance with the SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Disclosure of Director’s Interest in Transactions with the Company
None of the Non-Executive Directors had any pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company, except for 
the receipt of sitting fees. However, some commercial transactions have taken place with entities where the 
Company’s Directors hold Directorships. Such transactions being related party transactions were approved by 
the Audit Committee and have taken place in the Ordinary Course of Business and on an Arm’s Length basis and 
have been also disclosed to the Board of Directors in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013. They were also recorded in the register of contracts and approved by the Board in accordance with the 
Section 189 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Criteria of making payment to Non-Executive Directors
The Non-Executive Directors of the Company are paid sitting fees for attending the meetings of the Board and its 
Committees, of which they are members. Apart from the payment of sitting fees, no ﬁxed remuneration or 
commission is paid to the Non-Executive Directors.
(₹ in Lakh)
Name of SMP Designation
Mr. Anand Kishore 
Mr. Monu Kumar
Mr. Ashok Devaraddi SGM-Sales & Marketing
Ms. Shivani Rai AVP-Communication & Strategy
b) Managing Director and Executive Directors
Name of the 
Director
Salary, Allowances 
& Perquisites Commission ESOP 
Perquisites Others Total
Mr. Vijaykumar 
Murugesh Nirani 257.44 -
-
- - 257.44
Mr. Vishal  
Nirani 257.44 - - 257.44
Mr. Anand 
Murugan 50.48 - - - 50.48
Total 565.36
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 188
[page 209]
c) Stakeholders Relationship Committee
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee (“SRC”) is constituted in compliance with Section 178(5) of the Act 
and Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations.
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee comprised of three Directors as on March 31, 2026 with majority of 
independent directors.
One (1) Stakeholders Relationship Committee Meetings was held during the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 on 
February 2, 2026.
The composition, category and attendance of SR Committee is given below:
  
The Company Secretary of the Company acts as a Secretary of the Committee.  The required quorum was 
present for the aforesaid meeting.  The previous AGM of the Company was attended by Chairman of the SRC.
Extract of terms of reference 
▪ The terms of reference of the Committee, inter alia, include;
▪ To oversee and review all matters connected with the transfer/transmission of the Company’s securities; 
▪ To approve issue of the Company’s duplicate share certiﬁcates; 
▪ To monitor redressal of investors’ / shareholders’ grievances; 
▪ To oversee the performance of the Company’s Registrars and Transfer Agents; 
▪ To recommend methods to upgrade the standard of services to Investors; 
▪ To carry out any other functions as may be referred by the Board from time to time or enforced by any 
statutory notiﬁcation / amendment or modiﬁcation as may be applicable
Name, designation and address of Compliance Oﬃcer:
Mr. Monu Kumar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Oﬃcer 
Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
Unit No. N-1501, 15th Floor, World Trade Centre, Brigade Gatway Campus, 
No. 26/1, Dr. Rajkumar Road, Malleswaran West, Bengaluru 560055.
E-mail: cs@trualtbioenergy.com Phone: 080-23255000
Investor grievance and other communication
The communications and/ or correspondence received during the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, were primarily 
pertained to the IPO of the Company such as:
▪ Non-Receipt/ Non-allotment of Shares and
▪ Non-receipt of application money ASBA/UPI
Name of the member Category No. of Meetings 
entitled to attend
No of Meeting(s)
attended 
Mr. Chandrasekhar Kanekal Non-Executive 
Independent Director (Chairman) 1 1
Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa 
Dyaberi
Non- Executive 
Independent Director (Member) 1 1
Mr. Durairaj Anand Murugan 
Jakkampati Executive Director (Member) 1 1
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 189
[page 210]
d) Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee
The Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee is constituted in accordance with Section 135 of 
the Act with majority of independent directors.
During the FY 2025-26, One (1) Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee Meeting was held on July 
26, 2025.
As stated above, during this period, the Company received and disposed-off eight (8) investor queries/ 
complaints. All the grievances were resolved to the satisfaction of shareholders and other investors, and as on 
March 31, 2026, there were no pending issues to be addressed or resolved.
Following are the statement of complaints received during the year under review;
Number of Complaints received during the year: 8
Number of Complaints not solved to the satisfaction of shareholders: Nil 
Number of pending Complaints as at 31 March 2026: Nil
Investor Grievance Redressal Mechanism – Escalation Matrix
The Company believes that a transparent framework for addressing investor grievances is essential, enabling 
investors to register and escalate their concerns to the appropriate oﬃcials. The procedure to raise investor 
grievances is given below;
Initial point of contact –  Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”):
Bigshare Services Private Limited
Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400093, India.
Phone: 022-6263 8200
Email: investor@bigshareonline.com
Website: https://www.bigshareonline.com
Escalations;
Monu Kumar
Email: cs@trualtbioenergy.com 
Phone: 080-23255000
Lodging of complaint through various designated portals/forums;
If the concern remains unresolved, then Shareholder(s) may lodge complaint with:
i. Any of the Stock Exchange(s): 
(a) BSE Limited (BSE)  
(b) National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE); or
ii. SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES) Website: https://scores.sebi.gov.in
Online Dispute Resolution (SMART ODR)
After exhausting all the available options for resolution of the grievance, if the Shareholder(s) is/are still 
https://smartodr.in/login 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 190
[page 211]
The composition, category and attendance of CSR Committee is given below:
Name of the member Category No. of Meetings 
entitled to attend
No of Meeting(s) 
attended
Mrs. Sushmitha Vijaykumar
Nirani 
Non-Executive 
Director (Chairman) 1 1
Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa 
Dyaberi
Non-Executive 
Independent Director (Member) 1 1
Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh
Nirani 
Managing Director 
(Member) 
1 1Mr. Yagati Badarinarayana
Ramakrishna 
Non-Executive 
Independent Director
1 1
The terms of reference of the Committee, inter alia, include:
▪ To formulate, recommend and modify whenever necessary, the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy to 
the Board; 
▪ To recommend CSR activities to be undertaken by the Company in areas as stated in Schedule VII; 
▪ To recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the CSR activities; 
▪ To monitor the CSR Policy of the Company from time to time; 
▪ To formulate and recommend to the Board, an annual action plan; 
▪ Any other activities/ programmes/ functions, as may be assigned by the Board; 
▪ Submit the Reports to the Board in respect of the CSR activities undertaken by the Company
The CSR Report as required under the Companies Act, 2013 for the year ended on March 31, 2026 is appended 
as Annexure – E to the Board’s report.
e) Risk Management Committee
The Risk Management Committee (“RMC”) is constituted in accordance with Regulation 21 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations. The Risk Management Committee comprised of Four (4) members as on March 31, 2026.
The Company Secretary of the Company acts as a Secretary of the Committee. There were no Risk 
Management Committee Meetings held during the ﬁnancial year 2025-26.  
 
Terms of Reference 
▪ Review of implementation of Risk Management Policy and Framework; 
▪ To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate 
risks associated with the business of the Company; 
Name of the member Category No. of Meetings 
entitled to attend
No of Meeting(s) 
attended
Mr. Vijaykumar 
Murugesh Nirani
Managing
Director (Chairman) NA NA
Mr. Chandrasekhar 
Kanekal
Non-Executive Independent 
Director (Member) NA NA
Mr. Vishal Nirani Executive Director (Member) NA NA
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 191
[page 212]
▪ Other functions as may be speciﬁed under Companies Act, 2013 and Part-D of Schedule II of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015; and 
▪ Such other activities as may be speciﬁed by the Board of Directors from time to time.
f) Other Committee;
a) IPO Committee
The IPO Committee was constituted by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on January 13, 2024, to 
oversee and facilitate all matters relating to the Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) of the Company. The Committee 
was entrusted with the authority to undertake such actions, deeds, matters, and things as may be necessary 
or expedient in connection with the IPO, including, inter alia, negotiating, ﬁnalizing, approving, and executing all 
agreements, documents, ﬁlings, and other instruments required for the successful implementation of the IPO, 
in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
The Committee was further authorized to exercise such powers and perform such functions as set out in its 
terms of reference approved by the Board, without requiring any further approval of the Board or the 
shareholders, except where such approval is mandated under applicable law.
During the year under review, the IPO committee convened on September 19, 2025, September 24, 2025 and 
September 30, 2025.
The composition, category and attendance of CSR Committee is given below:
The Company Secretary of the Company acts as a Secretary of the Committee. The necessary quorum was 
present for the aforesaid meeting.
4. GENERAL BODY MEETING
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)
The details of Annual General Meetings held during the last three years are as follows:
Name of the member Category No. of Meetings 
entitled to attend
No of Meeting(s) 
attended
Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh 
Nirani
Managing
Director (Chairman) 3 3
Mr. Chandrasekhar Kanekal Non-Executive 
Independent Director (Member) 3 3
Mr. Vishal Nirani Executive Director (Member) 3 3
Financial 
Year
Day and date 
of Meeting Time Venue/Mode of Meeting Special Resolution 
Passed
2024-25 August 22, 2025 12:00 P.M. (IST)
Sheraton Grand Hotel, 
26/1 Dr. Rajkumar 
Road, Malleswaram, 
Rajajinagar, Bengaluru - 
560055, Karnataka, India
No
2023-24 August 10, 2024 11:30 A.M. (IST)
Sheraton Grand Hotel, 
26/1 Dr. Rajkumar 
Road, Malleswaram, 
Rajajinagar, Bengaluru - 
560055, Karnataka, India
Yes, Approval of the 
Initial Public Offering 
(IPO) of the Company
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 192
[page 213]
Extra Ordinary General Meeting (“EGM”)
No extraordinary general meeting of the Members was held during FY 2025-26.
Postal Ballot
During the year under review, no resolution has been passed through the exercise of postal ballot.
5. CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION
As required under Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations, the MD & CFO certiﬁcate for the ﬁnancial year 
2025-26 signed by Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, Managing Director and Mr. Anand Kishore, CFO was 
placed before the Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 22, 2026 and forms part of this Report.
6. SUBSIDIARIES
The Company doesn't have any material subsidiary for the year under review. However, the Company has 2 
subsidiaries namely Leaﬁniti Bioenergy Private Limited and TruAlt Gas Private Limited.
The management of subsidiary Company is carried out by their separate Board of Directors who are 
empowered to exercise all the duties and rights for eﬃcient monitoring and management of the Company. 
The Company oversees and monitors the performance of subsidiary Company. The Company is in compliance 
with the applicable requirements of the Listing Regulations for its subsidiary companies for the FY 2025-26.
Financial 
Year
Day and date 
of Meeting Time Venue/Mode of Meeting Special Resolution 
Passed
2022-23 November 13, 2023 11:00 A.M. (IST)
Survey No. 166, Kulali 
Cross, Jamkhandi, 
Mudhol Road, Bagalkot, 
Karnataka-587313
Yes, Revision in the 
Remuneration of Mr. 
Vijaykumar Murugesh 
Nirani (Din: 07413777), 
Managing Director of 
the Company
a) Date, Time and Venue of Annual 
General Meeting (AGM)
Monday, August 31, 2026 at 11: 30 A.M. (IST) through Video 
Conferencing/Other Audio Visual Means. 
b) Financial Year April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026
c) Dividend Payment Date Not Applicable as the Company has not declared any Final 
Dividend.
d)
Stock Exchanges on which 
the Company’s securities have 
been listed
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051
TRUALT
BSE Limited (BSE) Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001
Scrip code: 544545 
Annual Listing fees, as applicable, has been duly paid to 
NSE & BSE
e) Suspension of Company’s
Securities 
Company’s securities are never suspended from trading since
its listing 
7. INFORMATION TO SHAREHOLDERS
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 193
[page 214]
f) Registrar and Share Transfer 
Agent (RTA)
Bigshare Services Pvt Ltd 
Next to Ahura Centre,
Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400093, India. 
Email: investor@bigshareonline.com
Tel No.: 022-6263 8200
g) Share Transfer System
Share Transfer System of the Company is computerised  
and Bigshare Services Pvt Ltd is the Company’s Registrar and 
Share Transfer Agent (RTA) for equity shares (kept in physical 
as well as electronic mode). The requests, if any, for share 
transfer, transmission, sub-division, consolidation, renewal,  
duly endorsed/issued are dispatched within the prescribed 
time period, subject to documents being valid and complete  
in all respects.
h) Dematerialisation of Shares 
and Liquidity Please refer separate section of this report
i)
Commodity price risk or foreign 
exchange risk and hedging 
activities
The Company does not undertake any commodity hedging 
activities to counter the commodity price risk or foreign 
exchange risk, since it does not engage in any exports or 
imports.
j)
Registered Office;
Survey No. 166, Kulali Cross, Jamkhandi, Mudhol Road,
Bagalkot, Karnataka-587313 
Corporate Office;
Unit No. 1501, 15th Floor, World Trade Centre, Brigade
 Gateway Campus, Dr. Rajkumar Road, Malleswaram, 
Bangalore 560055
k) Plant locations Please refer separate section of this report
l) List of all credit ratings 
obtained by the Company along 
with any revisions thereto 
year, for all debt instruments of 
programme or any scheme or 
proposal of the listed entity 
involving mobilisation of funds, 
whether in India or abroad
m)
Outstanding Global depository 
receipts or American 
depository receipts/Warrants 
or any Convertible Instruments, 
Conversion Date and likely 
impact on Equity
Not Applicable 
During the FY 2025-26, CRISIL Ratings reaffirmed its credit 
rating of “CRISIL A-/Stable” on the long-term bank facilities 
of the Company on October 28, 2025.
Subsequent to the close of the financial year, India Ratings & 
Research Private Limited (“India Ratings”), vide its press 
release dated April 27, 2026, assigned credit ratings to the 
Company. The details of the ratings assigned are provided 
below:
Instrument 
Type
Instrument 
Type
Instrument 
Type
Rating Assigned 
with Outlook/
Watch
Rating 
Action
Bank loan 
facilities
April 27, 
2026 INR17,660 IND A-/Stable/
IND A2+ Assigned
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 194
[page 215]
Sl. 
No. Description No of 
shareholders
Total 
Shares
% to total paid 
up capital
1 Promoters and 
Promoters Group 8 6,04,98,650 70.55
2 Mutual Funds 5 57,44,797 6.70
3 Alternate 
Investment Funds 9 18,89,056 2.20
4 Insurance 
Companies 1 3,26,442 0.38
5 Foreign Portfolio 
Investors 11 5,70,085 0.66
6 Resident Individuals 70,924 1,15,76,825 13.50
7 Others 2,832 51,46,736 6.00
Total 73,790 8,57,52,591 100.00
n) ISIN No.
Compliance Officer
INE0MWH01014
o)
In terms of Regulation 7 of SEBI (Listing Obligation & 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Mr. Monu Kumar, 
Company Secretary is designated as the Compliance Officer 
for complying with the requirements of Securities Laws and 
Listing Regulations with the Stock Exchanges in India w.e.f 
February 3, 2026.
8.SHAREHOLDING PATTERN
The Shareholding Pattern of the Company as on March 31, 2026 is as follows:
Distribution Schedule as on March 31, 2026:
Category No. of holders % to holders No. of Shares % to Equity
1-500 72,713 98.54 33,65,563 3.92
501-1000 499 0.68 3,83,015 0.45
1001-2000 261 0.35 4,01,711 0.47
2001-3000 81 0.11 2,05,038 0.24
3001-4000 32 0.04 1,18,006 0.14
4001-5000 30 0.04 1,41,869 0.17
5001-10000 64 0.09 4,95,711 0.58
10001-above 110 0.15 8,06,41,678 94.03
Total 73,790 100.00 8,57,52,591 100.00
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 195
[page 216]
Top ten equity shareholders of the Company
Dematerialisation Of Shares
The Company’s shares are compulsorily traded in dematerialized form on NSE and BSE. Equity shares of the 
Company representing 100 percent of the Company’s equity share capital are dematerialized as on March 31, 
2026.
The below mentioned table contains detail break –up of share capital, held in dematerialized or physical mode, 
of the Company as on March 31, 2026:
9. UPDATE E-MAILS FOR RECEIVING NOTICE/ DOCUMENTS IN E-MODE
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has through its circulars issued in 2011, allowed service of 
documents by Companies including Notice calling General Meeting(s), Annual Report etc. to their 
shareholders through electronic mode. This green initiative was taken by MCA to reduce paper consumption 
and contribute towards a green environment. As a responsible corporate citizen, your Company fully supports 
the MCA’s endeavor.
In accordance with the same, your company will send Notice calling General Meetings, Annual Report and 
other documents in electronic mode to all the shareholders on their registered email addresses. Physical copy 
will be sent to only those shareholders whose has speciﬁcally requested the same. 
Sl. 
No. Name of the shareholders Number of equity 
shares held
Percentage of 
holding
1 Vijaykumar Nirani 1,53,36,841 17.88
2 Vishal Nirani 1,53,25,071 17.87
3 Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani 1,45,74,868 17.00
4 Kamala Murugesh Nirani 42,27,590 4.93
5 Rakeshkumar Viththalbhai Patel 32,79,022 3.82
6 Dhraksayani Nirani 43,70,000 5.10
7 Sangamesh Rudrappa Nirani 43,74,450 5.10
8 Bandhan Small Cap Fund 22,05,856 2.57
9 Nirani Holdings Private Limited 12,23,830 1.43
10 Chartered Finance & Leasing Limited 12,21,996 1.43
Sl. No. Description Total Shares % Equity
1 Shares held in dematerialized form in CDSL 1,63,68,778 19.09%
2 Shares held in dematerialized form in NSDL 6,93,83,813 80.91%
3 Shares held in physical form - -
Total 8,57,52,591 100.00%
* Shareholding is consolidated based on Permanent Account Number of the Shareholders.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 196
[page 217]
The shareholders who have not registered their email addresses with the Company are requested to kindly 
register their e-mail addresses with the RTA of the Company i.e. Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd. to better service 
shareholder correspondence through e-mode.
10. OTHER DISCLOSURES
Related party Transactions
The Related party transactions entered during the ﬁnancial year were in the ordinary course of business and 
were on an arm’s length basis. There were no materially signiﬁcant related party transactions made by the 
Company which may have a potential conﬂict with the interest of the Company at large. All Related Party 
Transactions and any subsequent modiﬁcations thereto, of the Company and its subsidiaries were placed 
before the Audit Committee for approval. Prior omnibus approval was obtained from the Audit Committee for 
the Related Party Transactions of the Company and its subsidiaries, which were foreseen and repetitive in 
nature. A Statement giving details of all related party transactions was placed before the Audit Committee and 
the Board of Directors for review and approval on a quarterly basis. The Company’s Policy on Related Party 
Transactions, as approved by the Board can be accessed on the Company’s website at 
https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/RPT Policy 
Whistle Blower / Vigil Mechanism
The Company is committed to conducting its affairs in a fair, transparent, and ethical manner, upholding the 
highest standards of integrity, professionalism, and ethical conduct. In line with this commitment, a Vigil 
Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy (“the Policy”) has been established to provide a secure and conﬁdential 
platform for stakeholders including Directors, Employees, Customers, Vendors, Associates, and Suppliers to 
voice concerns regarding suspected fraud, violations of legal or regulatory requirements, misrepresentation of 
ﬁnancial statements, breaches of Company policy or Code of Conduct, and other unethical behaviour.
The objective of this Policy is to encourage stakeholders to report actual or suspected misconduct without fear 
of retaliation, discrimination, or any form of unfair treatment. The mechanism ensures that genuine concerns 
can be raised in conﬁdence and are addressed promptly and effectively. A copy of policy is avialable on the 
website of the Company at https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/Whistle Blower Policy 
During the year under review no person has been denied access to the Audit Committee.
Details of Utilization of Funds Raised Through Initial Public Offering (IPO)
The Company conﬁrms that the funds raised through the Initial Public Offering (IPO) have been utilized in 
accordance with the objects stated in the Prospectus. The utilization of proceeds is monitored by the 
Monitoring Agency, and there has been no material deviation or variation in the use of proceeds from the 
objects stated in the offer document, except to the extent disclosed to the stock exchanges in accordance with 
applicable regulations. A statement indicating the utilization of IPO proceeds and any deviation/variation, if any, 
is placed before the Audit Committee on a periodic basis and forms part of the quarterly/annual disclosures 
submitted to the stock exchanges under the applicable provisions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
Certiﬁcate from Company Secretary in practice
As per the requirements of the listing regulations, a certiﬁcate from practicing Company Secretary, conﬁrming 
that none of the Directors of Board of the Company has been debarred or disqualiﬁed from being appointed or 
continuing as director of the Company by SEBI/ Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. 
The certiﬁcate is enclosed with this report.
Details of familiarisation programmes imparted to the Independent Directors:
The details of familiarisation programmes imparted to the Independent Directors are available on Company’s 
Website at https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/investor-relations
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 197
[page 218]
Insider Trading Code in terms of SEBI (Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015
The Company has adopted the Code of Conduct to regulate, monitor and to report the trading by Designated 
Persons and their Immediate Relatives under the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 and 
Code on Fair Disclosures of UPSI. The policy and procedures are framed to regulate, monitor and report trading 
by the Designated Persons along with their Immediate Relative(s) and for other aspects under the SEBI 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, such as inquiry in case of leak of Unpublished Price 
Sensitive Information (UPSI) or suspected leak of UPSI is forming part of the Code, which is available on our 
website, at https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/investor-relations
Details of recommendation of any Committee of the Board not accepted by the Board and reasons thereof
During the year under review, the Board of your Company has accepted all the recommendations made by its 
committee(s), from time to time.
Details of the Total Fees Paid to The Statutory Auditors
The details of the total fees for all the services paid by the Company to statutory auditors are as follow:
Disclosures In Relation to The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013
Your Company is fully committed to uphold and maintain the dignity of women working in the Company and 
has zero tolerance towards any actions which may fall under the ambit of sexual harassment at workplace. An 
Internal Committee (‘IC’) under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013 (‘POSH Act’) has been constituted to redress the complaints received regarding sexual 
harassment and it presently comprises of four (4) members out of which all members are women as on the 
date of this report.
The Company has adopted a Policy for Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace. Periodic 
sessions were also conducted to apprise employees and build awareness on the subject matter.
The disclosure with respect to complaints under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 is as follows;
Agreements relating to the Company
There are no agreements with any party which impact the management or control of the Company or impose 
any restriction or create any liability upon the Company.
Type of service Fees paid in FY 2025-26 (₹ in lakhs)
Audit Fees including Limited Review 100.00
Tax Audit Fee 10.00
Total 110.00
Sl. No. Particulars Details
1 Number of complaints of sexual harassment received in the year Nil
2 Number of complaints disposed off during the year Nil
3 number of cases pending for more than ninety days Nil
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 198
[page 219]
Sl. 
No. Name of Lender Name of Receiver Nature of
Relationship Type of Loan
Balance as on
March 31, 2026 
( ₹ in Crore)
1 TruAlt Bioenergy 
Limited Private Limited Subsidiary
Loan for working 
capital and 
business activity
2.50
Particulars   rebmuN
of shareholders
  rebmuN
of equity shares
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares 
in the suspense account lying at the beginning of the year - -
Aggregate number of shareholders and their shares transferred 
in the suspense account during the year 2 60
Number of shareholders who approached listed entity for 
transfer of shares from suspense account during the year 2 60
aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares 
in the suspense account lying at the end of the year - -
That the voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen till 
the rightful owner of such shares claims the shares NA NA
Details of Loan and Advances
During the year under review, no additional loans and advances are given to ﬁrms/companies in which 
Directors are interested; the company has the following outstanding loans due to Its subsidiary Company;
Loan is given by the Company to its Subsidiary and Directors are interested only to the extent of their 
Directorship and not otherwise.
Details of non-compliances by the Company, penalties, and strictures imposed on the Company by Stock 
Exchanges or SEBI, or any other statutory authority on any matter related to capital markets, during the last 
three years:
Since the Company is newly listed, there have been no instances of non-compliance by the Company in any 
matters related to the capital markets during the period since listing. Accordingly, no penalties or strictures 
have been imposed on the Company by stock exchanges, Securities and Exchange Board of India, or any other 
statutory authority.
Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit Report
A Practising Company Secretary carried out a share capital audit to reconcile the total admitted equity share 
capital with the National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL ”) and the Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (“CDSL ”) and the total issued and listed equity share capital. The audit report conﬁrms that the total 
issued/paid-up capital is in agreement with the total number of shares in physical form and the total number 
of dematerialized shares held with NSDL and CDSL.
Disclosures with respect to demat suspense account/ unclaimed suspense account
In accordance with the requirement of Regulation 34(3) and Part F of Schedule V to the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, details of equity shares in the suspense account are as follows:
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 199
[page 220]
Details of compliance with non-mandatory requirements 
Modiﬁed opinion(s) in Audit report:
During the year under review, there was no audit qualiﬁcation on your Company’s ﬁnancial statements.
Reporting of Internal Auditor:
In accordance with the provisions of Section 138 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has appointed 
ZADN & Associates, LLP Chartered Accountant as an Internal Auditor for the FY 2025-26, who reports to the 
Audit Committee. Internal audit reports are submitted to the Audit Committee on quarterly basis which reviews 
the audit reports and suggests necessary actions.
Separate posts of Chairperson and the Managing Director:
In alignment with the principles of good corporate governance and to strengthen the effectiveness of the 
Board's oversight, the Company has separated the roles of Chairman and Managing Director. This segregation 
of responsibilities promotes a clear distinction between the strategic leadership of the Board and the executive 
management of the Company's operations, thereby enhancing transparency, accountability, and balanced 
decision-making.
11. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
Effective communication is a cornerstone of sound corporate governance. It involves the transparent and 
timely exchange of information, ideas, opinions, and strategic plans with all stakeholders, thereby fostering 
trust and strengthening the relationship between management and shareholders. The Company is committed 
to maintaining open and consistent communication with its shareholders and engages with them through 
multiple channels such as;
Financial results:
Quarterly Results are published in Financial Express (English), newspaper having wide circulation Pan-India 
and Vishwavani (Kannada), vernacular newspaper and are also posted on the Company’s website i.e. 
https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/investor-relations 
News Releases and Presentations to institutional investors/analysts:
Oﬃcial press releases and presentations are made to Institutional Investors and ﬁnancial analysts on the 
Company’s Quarterly, Half - Yearly as well as Annual Financial Results. 
Details of compliance with mandatory requirements
The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 except the appointment of Women Independent Director despite its efforts.
Sl. No. Plant/Division Name Location
1 Unit 1
2 Unit 2
3 Unit 3
4 Unit 4
5 Unit 5
Plant Location(s):
Kulali Cross, Jamkhandi Road, Mudhol, District Bagalkot, Karnataka.
Hippargi-Maigur, Jamkhandi Taluk, Bagalkot District, Karnataka.
Kallapur- S. K. Post: Kulageri, Badami Talulk, Bagalkot District, Karnataka.
Jalageri and Ganganaboodhihala, Tal, Badami, Karnataka
Muttalgeri, Tal, Badami, Bagalkot District,Karnataka
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 200
[page 221]
These press releases, presentations and schedule of analyst or institutional investors meet are also hosted on 
the Company’s website and can be accessed at https://www.trualtbioenergy.com/investor-relations as well as 
sent to the Stock Exchanges. No unpublished price sensitive information is discussed in meeting/presentation 
with institutional investors and ﬁnancial analysts.
Website:
The Company’s website contains a separate dedicated section on ‘Investor Relations’. It contains 
comprehensive database of information for the investors including the ﬁnancial results, Annual Reports of the 
Company, Stock Exchange announcement, material information disclosed to the regulatory authorities from 
time to time, press releases, presentations made to institutional investors or to the analyst, business activities, 
Policies, Disclosure under regulation 46 of SEBI Listing regulations. The basic information about the Company 
as required in terms of Listing Regulations is also provided on the Company’s website and the same is updated 
regularly.
NSE – Corporate Compliance and National Electronic Application Processing System (“NEAPS”):
The NEAPS is a web-based system designed by NSE for corporates. The shareholding pattern, corporate 
governance report, corporate announcements, ﬁnancial results, etc. are also ﬁled electronically on NEAPS. 
Details of which can be accessed at www. nseindia.com.
BSE Corporate Compliance and Listing Centre (“Listing Centre”):
The Listing Centre is web-based application designed by BSE for corporates. The shareholding pattern, 
corporate governance report, corporate announcements, ﬁnancial results, etc. are ﬁled electronically on the 
Listing Centre. Details of which can be accessed at www.bseindia.com.
Annual Report
The Annual Report containing Standalone Audited Financial Statement, Consolidated Audited Financial 
Statements, Directors’ Report, Corporate Governance Report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, 
Management and Discussion Analysis Report, Auditors’ Report and other important information is circulated to 
members and to the stock exchanges.
Designated e-mail-ID
The Company has designated e-mail-ID i.e. cs@trualtbioenergy.com for investors servicing.
SEBI Complaint Redressal System (SCORES):
The investors’ complaints are also being processed through the centralised web-based complaint redressal 
system. The salient features of SCORES are availability of centralised data base of the complaints, uploading 
online action taken reports by the Company. Through SCORES, the investors can view online, the actions taken 
and current status of the complaints.
12. DISCLOSURE OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS 
SPECIFIED IN REGULATIONS 17 TO 27 AND CLAUSE (B) TO (I) OF SUB-REGULATION (2) OF 
REGULATION 46 OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS 2015.
The Company has complied all the mandatory corporate governance requirements under the regulations 
mentioned above except with respect to the appointment of a Woman Independent Director on the Board of the 
Company.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 201
[page 222]
The Company is in the process of appointing a Woman Independent Director on its Board in compliance with 
the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The 
appointment could not be completed during the reporting period due to the ongoing identiﬁcation and 
evaluation of a suitable candidate. The Board is actively pursuing the appointment process and is committed to 
ensuring compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements at the earliest.
Further, in compliance with the advisories issued by the respective stock exchanges for dissemination of 
certain requirements under Regulation 46(2) and 62(1) of the Listing Regulations, the Company maintains a 
separate section on the website of the Company for necessary disclosures under the aforesaid regulations.
A certiﬁcate from Practicing Company Secretary on Corporate Governance is annexed and form part of this 
report.
13. Address for correspondence
Trualt Bioenergy Limited
15th Floor, World Trade Centre, Brigade Gateway Campus,  
Dr. Rajkumar Road, Malleswaram
Bangalore 560055, India
 +91 80 23255000
Designated e-mail address for Investor Services: 
contacts@trualtbioenergy.com 
Website: www.trualtbioenergy.com
By order of the Board
For TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani   Vishal Nirani 
Managing Director     Executive Director
DIN: 07413777                    DIN: 08434032
Date: 28.07.2026
Place: Bengaluru 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 202
[page 223]
DECLARATION REGARDING COMPLIANCE BY BOARD MEMBERS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
PERSONNEL WITH THE COMPANY’S CODE OF CONDUCT
This is to conﬁrm that the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its employees, including Managing 
Director and Executive  Directors. In addition, the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its 
Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors. These Codes are available on the Company’s website.
I conﬁrm that the Company has, in respect of the year ended March 31, 2026, received from the Senior 
Management Team of the Company and the Members of the Board a declaration of compliance with the Code 
of Conduct as applicable to them.
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani
Managing Director
DIN: 07413777
Date: 28.07.2026
Place: Bengaluru 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 203
[page 224]
CERTIFICATION BY CEO AND CFO
(Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II and Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Board of Directors
Trualt Bioenergy Limited
Bangalore 
We, Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, Managing Director and Anand Kishore, Chief Financial Oﬃcer, hereby certify 
that in respect of the year ended on March 31, 2026:
a) We, have reviewed the ﬁnancial statements and the cash ﬂow statement for the year and to the best of our 
knowledge and belief:
i. These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain 
statements that might be misleading;
ii. These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance 
with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
b)  We conﬁrm that there are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the 
Company during the year ended March 31, 2026 which are fraudulent, illegal or violate the Company’s code of 
conduct.
c)   We, accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for ﬁnancial reporting; and we 
have evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to ﬁnancial 
reporting; and we have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, deﬁciencies in the design or 
operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take 
to rectify these deﬁciencies.
d)   We, have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:
i. Signiﬁcant changes, if any, in internal control over ﬁnancial reporting during the year;
i. Signiﬁcant changes, if any, in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed 
in the notes to the ﬁnancial statements; and
i. Instances of signiﬁcant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the 
management or an employee having a signiﬁcant role in the Company’s internal control system over 
ﬁnancial reporting.
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani      Anand Kishore 
Managing Director       Chief Financial Oﬃcer 
DIN: 07413777 
Date: 22.05.2026
Place: Bengaluru 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 204
[page 225]
CERTIFICATE REGARDING COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
(As per Provisions of Chapter IV of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time)
To,
The Members
Trualt Bioenergy Limited
Survey No. 166, Kulali Cross, Jamkhandi Mudhol Road,
Bagalkot Karnataka 587313 India
We have examined the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Govemance by Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
(CIN: L15400KA2021PLC745978), for the year ended on March, 2026, as stipulated under Regulations 17 to 
27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and para C, D and E of Schedule V of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations").
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. Our 
examination was limited to the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring 
the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. This certiﬁcate is neither an audit nor an 
expression of opinion on the ﬁnancial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and the 
representations made by the directors and the management, we certify that the Company has complied with 
the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the SEBI Listing Regulations for the year ended on 
March 31, 2026 except the appointment of Woman independent Director.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of 
the eﬃciency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company
For S. P . Ghali & Co.,
Company Secretaries 
CS Sudheendra Ghali
Proprietor 
M. No: 7037, C.P . No.:7537 
PR No.: 3745/2023
UDIN: F007037H0ﬃ626920
Place: Belgaum
Date: 15/06/2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 205
[page 226]
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members
Trualt Bioenergy Limited
Bangalore
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors 
of Trualt Bioenergy Limited having CIN L15400KA2021PLC145978 and having registered oﬃce at Survey No. 
166, Kulali Cross, Jamkhandi Mudhol Road, Bagalkot Karnataka 587313 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the 
Company’), produced before me/us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certiﬁcate, in accordance 
with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the veriﬁcations (including Directors 
Identiﬁcation Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations 
furnished to us by the Company & its oﬃcers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the 
Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending on March 31, 2026 have been debarred or disqualiﬁed 
from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/ continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the 
management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our veriﬁcation. 
This certiﬁcate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the eﬃciency or 
effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For S. P . Ghali & Co.,
Company Secretaries 
CS Sudheendra Ghali
Proprietor 
M.No: 7037,  C.P . No.:7537 
PR No.: 3745/2023
UDIN: F007037H000527351
Place: Belgaum
Date: 15/06/2026
Sl. 
No. Name of Director DIN Date of original  
Appointment in Company* Date of Cessation 
1 Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani 07413777 31/03/2021
2 Mr. Vishal Nirani 08434032 31/03/2021
3 Mr. Chandrasekhar Kanekal 06861358 18/09/2023
4 Mr. Durairaj Anand Murugan Jakkampati 10411449 06/12/2023
5 Ms. Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani 08356858 18/09/2023
6 Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi 02474471 06/12/2023
7 Mr. Yagati Badarinarayana Ramakrishna  10426269 26/12/2023 -
-
-
-
-
-
-
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 206
[page 227]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 207
[page 228]
RESPONSIBILITY
CORPORATE
SOCIAL
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 208
[page 229]
Our contributions extend across healthcare, 
education, sustainable agriculture and community 
development, guided by the belief that genuine 
success is inseparable from the well-being and 
growth of the people we serve.
At TruAlt Bioenergy, we regard Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) as a dynamic and ongoing 
commitment, not a mere checklist. As societal 
needs evolve, so too does our approach. We 
continuously evaluate, adapt and expand our 
initiatives to ensure they remain relevant, impactful 
and aligned with our core values. In an environment 
where businesses are often assessed solely on 
ﬁnancial performance, TruAlt Bioenergy stands as a 
testament to the belief that true success is deﬁned 
by the lives we enrich, the communities we uplift 
and the enduring legacy of positive change we 
create.
Andhkar Mukt Samaj
Andhkar Mukt Samaj, our symbol of compassion, 
illuminates the entire Bagalkot district with its 
far-reaching impact. As our ﬂagship initiative, it 
goes beyond traditional philanthropy by offering a 
holistic approach to eye care, including cataract 
surgeries and post-operative care. By providing free 
check-ups and glasses, we have restored clear 
vision to countless individuals, transforming lives 
on an unprecedented scale. This initiative is not just 
a service; it’s a steadfast commitment to restoring 
the precious gift of sight to those who need it most. 
Our dedication to rural well-being is further 
reﬂected in providing free health insurance to over 
40,000 farmer families in the areas surrounding 
TruAlt Bioenergy’s factories. This comprehensive 
health coverage includes everything from routine 
medical check-ups to major surgeries, ensuring the 
holistic health of entire families.
OUR PROJECTS INCLUDE
At TruAlt Bioenergy, Corporate Social Responsibility 
(CSR) is deeply embedded in our foundation. Our 
journey into the world of bioenergy is more than just 
a business pursuit, it’s a purposeful mission to 
uplift lives and improve the well-being of the 
communities we touch.
With every initiative, we strive to go beyond 
conventional business boundaries, shaping a 
corporate identity rooted in deeper meaning. Since 
the beginning, TruAlt Bioenergy has served as a 
strong catalyst for positive change, driven by a 
vision where our impact extends far beyond the 
business sphere.
Our decisions and initiatives consistently embody 
our dedication to ethical practices, sustainability 
and empowering communities. The employees we 
work with, the farmers we collaborate with and the 
surrounding communities are more than just 
stakeholders, they are the core of our CSR efforts.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 209
INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY WITH 
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
[page 230]
100 Ton Cane Growers Club
Acknowledging the vital role of agriculture in 
promoting economic growth and sustainability, 
TruAlt Bioenergy has launched a transformative 
initiative, “The 100 Ton Cane Growers Club” in 
Bagalkot District. This forward-looking project 
represents a signiﬁcant step toward building a 
more prosperous future for farming communities.
By establishing this club, TruAlt Bioenergy is driving 
a shift in sugarcane cultivation practices. The 
initiative is rooted in the principle of farmer 
empowerment through knowledge sharing. It offers 
access to modern agricultural techniques, essential 
resources and a holistic approach to farming. 
Our approach to corporate social responsibility 
(CSR) places a strong emphasis on proactive 
healthcare, particularly through the organization of 
regular Holistic Health Camps. These initiatives go 
beyond traditional healthcare models by offering a 
comprehensive and preventive framework 
designed to address the speciﬁc needs of the 
community.
The Holistic Health Camps provide a wide array of 
services, including vital eye examinations and 
advanced heart screenings. Furthermore, 
dedicated prosthetic surgery camps are conducted 
to support individuals with mobility challenges, 
ensuring they receive the essential care required to 
enhance their quality of life.
This strategic effort not only enhances productivity 
but also supports the broader goal of sustainable 
growth within the agricultural sector.
As the 100 Ton Cane Growers Club continues to 
gain momentum, it exempliﬁes the collaborative 
spirit essential for advancing farming communities 
nationwide. In a world where agriculture remains a 
cornerstone of economic and social development, 
initiatives like this not only inspire hope but also 
underscore the vast potential for progress within 
the agricultural sector.
Our CSR initiatives extend beyond traditional 
frameworks by enabling individuals to access 
essential medical services, irrespective of their 
ﬁnancial circumstances. Through a proactive 
approach to healthcare, we strive to promote 
resilience and overall well-being within the 
community.
Thoughtfully designed with care and compassion, 
these initiatives reﬂect our core belief that health is 
a fundamental right, not a privilege. As we continue 
to organize these camps, our focus remains on 
early identiﬁcation and intervention, contributing to 
the development of a healthier, more vibrant and 
empowered society.
Comprehensive Health Camps: Promoting Well-being in Every Community
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 210
[page 231]
Transforming lives Through 
Focused Skill-Building Initiatives
Empowering livelihoods through skill development 
programs represents a strategic and comprehensive 
approach aimed at fostering sustainable economic 
growth within the communities we serve. Our 
dedication to community advancement is realized 
through these programs, which function as catalysts for 
empowerment by imparting both technical skills and 
fostering creativity and self-reliance. By equipping 
individuals with essential skills, we strive to create 
opportunities for meaningful employment and 
entrepreneurial ventures.
Understanding the ﬁnancial barriers that aspiring 
entrepreneurs often face, we further support these 
efforts with microﬁnancing opportunities. This vital 
assistance serves as a springboard for turning acquired 
skills into thriving businesses. Our initiative embodies 
the belief that true community development comes not 
from handouts, but from empowering individuals with 
the tools and resources to forge their own paths. By 
nurturing skills and fostering entrepreneurship, we 
envision a community where growth and success are 
shared achievements. 
Comprehensive Community Insurance: 
Security for All Community Members 
This initiative goes beyond simply providing insurance; 
it is a strategic and compassionate effort to ensure 
every resident in the area has uninterrupted access to 
comprehensive health and accident coverage. By 
recognizing the interconnected nature of community 
well-being, we move beyond traditional individual 
insurance models.
Our goal is to establish a safety net that supports every 
community member, regardless of their 
socio-economic status. With Community-Wide 
Insurance, we aim to ease the burden of unexpected 
health issues and accidents, empowering residents to 
face uncertainties with conﬁdence and resilience.
Through this initiative, we aspire not only to offer 
coverage but also to enhance the overall vitality and 
unity of the community we serve. This is more than 
insurance; it is a commitment to fostering a community 
where health and well-being are shared priorities.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 211
[page 232]
Youth Improvement Projects: Cultivating Talent 
and Crafting Brighter Paths
In our commitment to youth development, our 
comprehensive job fairs serve as dynamic platforms 
where young talent connects with opportunities from 
leading multinational corporations (MNCs). These 
events go beyond conventional recruitment, functioning 
as catalysts for impactful careers. They promote 
holistic development, empowering youth and 
encouraging self-reliance. We regard these fairs not 
merely as hiring events, but as signiﬁcant milestones in 
the professional journeys of young individuals 
equipping them for immediate employment and a future 
ﬁlled with boundless potential.
Powering Your Wellbeing: A Physical and Mental 
Wellness Program
Yoga camps nurture well-being that extends beyond 
the physical realm. Embracing the intrinsic mind-body 
connection, we adopt a holistic approach that 
empowers communities by equipping individuals with 
essential tools for resilience and inner peace. These 
camps become sanctuaries of both mental and 
physical wellness, encouraging a balanced and 
healthier way of life.
Clean Drinking Water Access: Satisfying Thirst, 
Sustaining Life
Recognizing the crucial role of clean water, our drinking 
water and puriﬁcation plants are vital lifelines ensuring 
every community member has consistent access to 
safe, clean water. By meeting this essential need, we 
strive to create a community where health, dignity, and 
well-being are accessible to all, reﬂecting our 
commitment to fundamental human rights and 
sustainable development. 
Agri-Workshops: Seeds of Progress with 
Sustainable Practices and Education
Through our innovative workshops, we cultivate a 
vibrant community of sustainable farmers. Moving 
beyond one-size-ﬁts-all learning models, these 
interactive sessions equip participants with advanced 
agricultural practices that transcend conventional 
knowledge sharing. Our objective is not merely to 
disseminate information, but to encourage a network of 
informed, empowered agricultural leaders committed to 
a sustainable and productive future.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 212
[page 233]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 213
[page 234]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 214
CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
[page 235]
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated ﬁnancial statements of TruAlt Bioenergy Limited  (“the Holding Company”) 
and its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”), which 
comprise the consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, and the consolidated Statement of Proﬁt and 
Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and the Consolidated 
Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, 
including  material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), in the 
manner so required and give a true and fair view, in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards 
prescribed under section 133 of the Act, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, 
as amended (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the 
Group as at March 31, 2026, its consolidated proﬁt and other comprehensive income, consolidated cash ﬂows 
and consolidated changes in equity for the year then ended. 
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (SAs) speciﬁed under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of 
our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), together with the independence requirements that are relevant to our 
audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made there under, 
and we have fulﬁlled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s 
Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Emphasis of Matter
In respect of the expansion of three distilleries of the Holding Company from mono feed to dual feed, 
undertaken under turnkey contracts and completed during November 2025, January 2026 and February 2026 
respectively, the componentization of assets in accordance with Ind AS 16 – Property, Plant and Equipment is 
in progress. Consequently, the updating of the ﬁxed asset register is pending [Refer note no. 60 to the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements].
Our opinion is not modiﬁed in respect of the said matter.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most signiﬁcance in our audit 
of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context 
of our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we 
do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be 
the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
TO THE MEMBERS OF TRUALT BIOENERGY LIMITED
Report on the audit of Consolidated Financial Statements
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 215
[page 236]
Information other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The 
other information comprises the information included in the Holding Company’s annual report, but does not 
include the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, standalone ﬁnancial statements and auditor’s report(s) 
thereon. The Holding Company’s annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this 
auditor’s report. 
Our opinion on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements does not cover the other information and we will not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information identiﬁed above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other 
information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated ﬁnancial statements or our knowledge obtained in 
the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. The Annual Report has not been provided to us as at the date 
of this report. When it is subsequently provided, and if we conclude that there is a material misstatement 
therein, we shall communicate the matter to those charged with governance of the Holding Company.
Sr. 
No. Key Audit Matter Auditor Response
1. Valuation of Inventories
The Holding Company has considerable inventory 
balance as at March 31, 2026. The inventory is valued 
at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 
Inventory management, stocktaking routines and 
costing of inventories are underlying key factors 
in determining the value of inventories. Due to 
complexity of the inventory valuation calculations, the 
valuation of inventories is considered as a key audit 
matter. 
Refer note no.10 to the consolidated 
statements.
Audit Procedures
Our audit procedures related to valuation of 
inventories included: 
• Evaluating the appropriateness of the accounting 
policies applied by reference to Ind AS.
• Assessing functionality of the key IT systems of 
inventory management.
• Testing of controls over inventory management 
and accuracy of inventory amounts.
• Performing substantive audit procedures for 
testing the accuracy of inventory valuation at 
the lower of cost or net realization value, at the 
reporting date, by testing selected inventory items 
to relevant components of valuation.
2. Revenue Recognition as per Ind AS 115
statements.
Audit Procedures
•  
of distinct performance obligations included the 
following, among others:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls relating 
obligations.
• We selected a sample of contracts with customers 
and performed the following procedures: (a) 
obtained and read contract documents for each 
selection, including master service agreements and 
other documents that were part of the agreement; 
in the contract to assess management’s 
performance obligations.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 216
[page 237]
Responsibilities of Management, Board of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in section 
134(5) of the Act, with respect to the preparation and presentation of these consolidated ﬁnancial statements 
that give a true and fair view of the consolidated ﬁnancial position, consolidated ﬁnancial performance, 
consolidated total comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated 
cash ﬂows of the Group, in accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting principles generally accepted in 
India. The respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are 
responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of each Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; the 
selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal ﬁnancial controls, 
that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements that give a true and fair 
view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, the respective management and board of directors of the 
companies included in the group are responsible for assessing the ability of each company to continue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the going concern basis 
of accounting, unless the respective Board of Directors / Management either intends to liquidate the Holding 
Company or its subsidiaries or cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the group are responsible for overseeing 
ﬁnancial reporting process of each Company.
Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, as a 
whole, are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to inﬂuence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a 
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;
• Obtain an understanding of internal ﬁnancial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also 
responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Holding Company and its subsidiaries has an 
adequate internal ﬁnancial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls;
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by respective Management and Board of Directors;
• Conclude on the appropriateness of Management’s and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis 
of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to 
events or conditions that may cast signiﬁcant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 217
[page 238]
• If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report 
to the related disclosures in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, 
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company or its subsidiaries to cease 
to continue as a going concern;
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the consolidated ﬁnancial statements represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation; and
• Obtain suﬃcient appropriate audit evidence regarding the ﬁnancial information of the entities within the 
Group to express an opinion on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company regarding, among other 
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and signiﬁcant audit ﬁndings, including any signiﬁcant 
deﬁciencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were 
of most signiﬁcance in the audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the current period and are, 
therefore, the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report, unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a 
matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest beneﬁts of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, to the extent applicable, we report that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which, to the best of our knowledge and 
belief, were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account, as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements, have been kept by the Holding Company and its subsidiaries so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books except for the matters stated in the paragraph 1(g) below on 
reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
(c) The consolidated Balance Sheet, the consolidated Statement of Proﬁt and Loss, (including Other 
Comprehensive Income), consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity, dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the 
purpose of preparation of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated ﬁnancial statements comply with the Indian Accounting 
Standards speciﬁed under Section 133 of the Act, as applicable.
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company and its 
subsidiaries as on March 31, 2026, and taken on record by respective Board of Directors, none of the directors 
of the group is disqualiﬁed as on March 31, 2026, from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 
(2) of the Act.
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting of the Holding 
Company and its subsidiaries and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in 
“Annexure A”. Our report expresses an unmodiﬁed opinion on adequacy and operating effectiveness of the 
Holding Company and its subsidiaries on internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 218
[page 239]
(g) The modiﬁcation relating to maintenance of accounts and other matters connected therewith are as stated 
in the paragraph 1(b) above on reporting under section 143(3)(b) of the Act and paragraph 1(i)(vi) below on 
reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014. 
(h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report, in accordance with the 
requirements of Section 197(16) of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the Holding Company to its directors 
during the year is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the Act. The subsidiary companies have 
not paid any remuneration to its directors during the year. 
(i) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
i. The Group has no pending litigations as at March 31, 2026.
ii. The Group did not have any material foreseeable losses on long-term contracts, including derivative 
contracts, during the year ended March 31, 2026.
iii. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund by the Holding Company and its subsidiaries during the year ended March 31, 2026.
(a) The respective Managements of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries have represented that, to 
the best of their knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the 
aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or 
any other sources or kind of funds) by the Holding Company or its subsidiaries to or in any other person 
or entity, including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identiﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Holding Company or its subsidiaries 
(“Ultimate Beneﬁciaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like, on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneﬁciaries;
(b) The respective Managements of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries have represented, that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the 
aggregate) have been received by the Holding Company or its subsidiaries from any person or entity, 
including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise, that the Holding Company or its subsidiaries shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or 
invest in other persons or entities identiﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding 
Party (“Ultimate Beneﬁciaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneﬁciaries; or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneﬁciaries;
(c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations 
under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material 
misstatement.
v. The Company has not declared or paid any dividend in the current year. Hence, the question of 
compliance with section 123 of the Act does not arise.
vi.Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Holding Company and its subsidiaries are 
using accounting software having feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility for maintaining their 
books of account and the same has been operating throughout the year for all relevant transactions 
recorded in the software except for one subsidiary – TruAlt Gas Private Limited wherein the feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility in the accounting softwares for maintaining its books of account was 
enabled from October 17, 2025. 
Further, we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with, and the audit 
trail, to the extent it was enabled, has been preserved by the Holding Company and its subsidiaries as per 
the statutory requirements for record retention.
iv.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 219
[page 240]
2. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, following companies, included 
in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements, have certain remarks given by us in audit reports under the 
Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 (CARO):
Sr. 
No. Name of the entities CIN Holding company/
Subsidiary company
Clause number of  
the CARO report 
which 
is unfavorable or  
1. TruAlt Bioenergy Limited L15400KA2021PLC145978 Holding Company Clause i(a)(A)
2. TruAlt Gas Private Limited U35201KA2024PTC192874 Subsidiary Company Clause xvii 
For N. M. Raiji & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 108296W
 
  
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership Number: 039434
UDIN: 26039434ZGDPSO1751
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 22, 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 220
[page 241]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 221
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT OF EVEN DATE ON THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF TRUALT BIOENERGY LIMITED 
(Referred to in Paragraph 1 point (f) under the heading of “Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements” of our report of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting under Clause(i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 
143 of the Act
We have audited the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting of TruAlt Bioenergy Limited (“the 
Holding Company”) and its subsidiary companies (the Holding Company and its Subsidiary Companies 
together referred to as “the Group”) as at March 31, 2026, in conjunction with our audit of the consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements of the Holding Company for the year ended on that date.
Management’s and Board of Director’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and 
maintaining internal ﬁnancial controls, based on the internal control over ﬁnancial reporting criteria 
established by the respective companies, considering the essential components of internal control stated in 
the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting, issued by the ICAI (“the 
Guidance Note”). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal ﬁnancial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and eﬃcient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to the respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the 
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and 
the timely preparation of reliable ﬁnancial information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting with 
reference to consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the Holding Company based on our audit. We conducted our 
audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards on Auditing prescribed under section 143(10) 
of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal ﬁnancial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance 
Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting was established and 
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal ﬁnancial 
controls system over ﬁnancial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal ﬁnancial controls over 
ﬁnancial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies internal ﬁnancial controls system over 
ﬁnancial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
A company's internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
[page 242]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 222
A company's internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) 
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions 
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated ﬁnancial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made 
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide 
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition 
of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal ﬁnancial controls over 
ﬁnancial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial 
reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us, the Holding 
Company and its subsidiary companies have, in all material respects, an adequate internal ﬁnancial controls 
system over ﬁnancial reporting and such internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting were operating 
effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on the internal control over ﬁnancial reporting criteria established by 
the respective companies, considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance 
Note. 
For N. M. Raiji & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership Number: 039434
UDIN: 26039434ZGDPSO1751
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 22, 2026
[page 243]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2026
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Notes As at  As at 
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
ASSETS
Non-Current Assets
Property, Plant and Equipment 5  2,05,210.31  1,67,999.78 
Capital Work-in-Progress 5  6,771.42  277.63 
Goodwill 6  5,159.37  5,159.38 
Other Intangible Assets 6  7,638.16  8,748.57 
Right-of-use Assets 7  529.81  678.34 
Financial assets
Investments 8    -    - 
Other Financial Assets 14.1  2,660.01  193.02 
Other Non-Current Assets 9  1,990.34  13,696.35 
Total Non-Current Assets  2,29,959.42  1,96,753.07 
Current Assets
Inventories 10  52,843.00  21,021.04 
Financial assets
Investments 8  406.53  436.08 
Trade Receivables 11  40,610.83  33,926.65 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 12  8,826.02  14,977.64 
Bank Balances Other than Cash and Cash Equivalents 13  150.80    - 
Other Financial Assets 14.2  1,793.62  1,617.30 
Government Grant 15  12,953.65  9,835.07 
Income Tax Assets (net)  754.96  179.74 
Other Current Assets 16  29,535.46  24,226.50 
Total Current Assets  1,47,874.87  1,06,220.02 
Total Assets  3,77,834.29  3,02,973.09 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Equity Share Capital 17  8,575.26  7,063.16 
Other Equity 18  1,43,457.92  69,836.74 
Equity attributable to parent  1,52,033.18  76,899.90 
Non-controlling interests 19  5,800.32    - 
Total equity  1,57,833.50  76,899.90 
Liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings 20  98,868.12  1,11,715.50 
Lease Liabilities 7  403.55  519.70 
Other Financial Liabilities 23  0.40  0.40 
Provisions 21  457.62  324.66 
Other Non-Current Liabilities 24  724.40  760.16 
Deferred tax liabilities (net) 35  11,073.83  8,002.81 
Total non-current liabilities  1,11,527.92  1,21,323.23 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 223
[page 244]
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
     
As per our report of even date
For N. M. Raiji & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. : 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership No. : 039434
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited     
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978    
    
    
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani          
Managing Director          
DIN: 07413777          
    
    
Anand Kishore            
Chief Financial Oﬃcer           
              
Place: Bengaluru    
Date: 22 May 2026    
    
Vishal  Nirani 
Director 
DIN: 08434032 
Monu Kumar
Company Secretary
Membership No: A38853
Current Liabilities
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings 22  65,707.12  43,252.31 
Lease Liabilities 7  172.33  166.46 
Trade Payables 25
i) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small 
enterprises  2,717.83  1,339.11 
ii) total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro 
enterprises and small enterprises  24,493.58  47,231.76 
Other Financial Liabilities 23  15,119.69  12,506.94 
Other Current Liabilities 26  230.98  228.61 
Provisions 21  31.34  24.77 
Total Current Liabilities  1,08,472.87  1,04,749.96 
Total Liabilities  2,20,000.79  2,26,073.19 
Total Equity and Liabilities  3,77,834.29  3,02,973.09 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 224
[page 245]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Consolidated Statement of Proﬁt and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2026 
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Notes Year  ended Year  ended
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Income
Revenue from operations 27  1,72,750.66  1,90,772.40 
Other Income 28  8,645.25  6,080.38 
Total Income  1,81,395.91  1,96,852.78 
Expenses
Cost of material consumed 29  1,05,744.07  1,04,157.66 
Purchase of stock-in-trade  19,967.15  28,286.34 
30  (14,265.56)  (5,281.94)
31  4,781.69  3,985.76 
Finance costs 32  16,002.41  14,361.10 
Depreciation and amortization expense 33  8,622.76  6,689.37 
Other expenses 34  27,547.92  28,710.21 
Total Expenses  1,68,400.44  1,80,908.50 
 12,995.47  15,944.28 
Tax expense 
Current tax  244.64  -   
Deferred tax  3,063.85  1,280.43 
Total tax expense  3,308.49  1,280.43 
 9,686.98  14,663.85 
Other Comprehensive Income
 31.01  0.53 
Income tax effect on the above  (7.81)  (0.13)
Total other comprehensive income for the year  23.20  0.40 
Total comprehensive income  for the year  9,710.18  14,664.25 
 Equity holders of the parent  9,594.76  14,663.85 
 Non-controlling interests  92.22  -   
Other comprehensive income attributable to:
 Equity holders of the parent  23.20  0.40 
 Non-controlling interests -  -   
Profit for the year attributable to:
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 225
[page 246]
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited 
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978
 
  
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani
Managing Director
DIN: 07413777
Anand Kishore
Chief Financial Officer
   
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
Vishal  Nirani  
Director  
DIN: 08434032  
 
 
Monu Kumar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: A38853 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
As per our report of even date
For N. M. Raiji & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. : 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership No. : 039434
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
 Equity holders of the parent  9,617.96  14,664.25 
 Non-controlling interests  92.22  -   
Earnings Per Equity Share (Face Value of ₹ 10/- each)
Basic (in ₹ per share)  12.30  20.94 
Diluted (in ₹ per share)  12.30  20.94 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 226
[page 247]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Consolidated Statement of cash ﬂows for the year ended 31 March 2026
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
 12,995.47  15,944.28 
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation expense  8,622.76  6,689.37 
Finance costs  16,002.41  14,361.10 
Interest income  (634.97)  (18.34)
Unwinding of discount on security deposits at amortised cost  (8.73)  (6.67)
Net gain on sale of quoted equity investments measured at FVTPL    -  (46.53)
Unrealised fair value loss on investments measured at FVTPL  29.55  3.96 
Unrealised forex (gain) /loss    -  2.65 
Provision no longer required written back  (398.00)  (1,187.67)
 36,608.49  35,742.15 
Changes in working capital
(Increase) in trade receivables  (6,684.18)  (4,107.96)
(Increase) in inventories  (31,821.96)  (5,072.62)
(Decrease)/ Increase in trade payables  (21,359.46)  33,208.48 
(Increase) in other assets  (5,308.96)  (13,985.41)
 (176.32)  (1,109.67)
(Increase) in Government grant  (3,118.58)  (4,639.84)
Increase in other current liabilities  3.39  3.29 
 2,612.75  (6,191.74)
Increase in provisions  501.77  137.12 
Cash generated from / (used in) operations  (28,743.06)  33,983.80 
Income tax paid / (refund)  (819.86)  219.41 
 (29,562.92)  34,203.21 
Purchase of property plant and equipment including capital work in progress 
(net of capital advances)
 (51,068.32)  (25,960.15)
Prepayments towards acquisition of capital assets  11,706.01    - 
Prepayments towards acquisition of right of use asset (land)    -  (10.00)
Investment in mutual funds    -  559.98 
Purchase of investments in shares    -  (90.48)
Sale of investments in shares    -  137.02 
Interest received from Mutual fund    -  0.61 
Interest income  634.97  18.34 
Investment in Fixed Deposits with Banks including security deposits  (2,579.06)  (107.13)
Payment of Security Deposit  (38.73)  (80.89)
 (41,345.13)  (25,532.70)
Proceeds from issuance of equity share capital  66,570.56    - 
Proceeds from Non-Controlling Interest  4,691.13    - 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 227
[page 248]
Proceeds from long term borrowings (net of transaction cost)    -  30,000.74 
Proceeds from short term borrowings  22,454.81  2,486.58 
Repayment of long term borrowings  (12,847.38)  (14,525.52)
Payment  of principal portion of lease liabilities  (110.28)  (53.10)
Payment of interest portion of lease liabilities  (49.14)  (59.10)
Interest Paid  (15,953.27)  (13,877.51)
 64,756.43  3,972.09 
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  (6,151.62)  12,642.60 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  14,977.64  2,335.04 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  8,826.02  14,977.64 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Refer note 12)
Cash in hand    -  0.14 
Balances with banks
On current accounts  8,224.07  3,674.21 
Debit balance in Cash Credit accounts  596.95    - 
Fixed deposits with maturity of less than 3 months  5.00  11,303.29 
Total cash and bank balances at end of the year  8,826.02  14,977.64 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited 
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978
 
  
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani
Managing Director
DIN: 07413777
Anand Kishore
Chief Financial Oﬃcer
   
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
Vishal  Nirani  
Director  
DIN: 08434032  
 
 
Monu Kumar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: A38853 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. 
As per our report of even date
For N. M. Raiji & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. : 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership No. : 039434
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
Net cash flow from financing activities (C)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 228
[page 249]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Consolidated Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 March 2026
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
(B) Other equity
(A) Equity share capital
Particulars
Equity 
component 
of compound 
instruments
Securities 
premium
Retained 
earnings Total
Non-
controlling 
interest
Total 
Balance as at 1 April 2025  -    45,963.42  23,873.32  69,836.74    -  69,836.74 
 -      -  9,594.76  9,594.76  92.22  9,686.98 
Other comprehensive income 
for the year  -      -  23.20  23.20    -  23.20 
Total Comprehensive Income 
for the year  -      -  9,617.96  9,617.96  92.22  9,710.18 
Transfer to NCI out of retained  -      -    -    -  (1,147.46)  (1,147.46)
Issue of equity shares pursuant 
to initial public offering  -    65,058.46  65,058.46  65,058.46 
Balance as at 31 March 2026  -    1,11,021.88  33,491.28  1,44,513.16  (1,055.24)  1,43,457.92 
Particulars
Equity 
component 
of compound 
instruments
Securities 
premium
Retained 
earnings Total
Non-
controlling 
interest
Total 
Balance as at 1 April 2024  14,690.38    -  5,662.70  20,353.08    -  20,353.08 
 -      -  14,663.85  14,663.85    -  14,663.85 
Other comprehensive income 
for the year  -      -  0.40  0.40    -  0.40 
Total comprehensive income 
for the year  -      -  14,664.25  14,664.25    -  14,664.25 
On conversion of Compulsorily 
Convertible Preference Shares  (14,690.38)  45,963.42  3,597.79  34,870.83  34,870.83 
Dividend on Compulsorily 
Convertible Preference Shares    -  (51.42)  (51.42)    -  (51.42)
 Balance as at 31 March 2025  -    45,963.42  23,873.32  69,836.74    -  69,836.74 
For the year ended  31 March 2026
For the year ended  31 March 2025
For the year ended 31 March 2026
Equity shares of ₹ 10 each issued, subscribed and fully paid No. of shares Amount 
Balance as at 1 April 2025  7,06,31,624  7,063.16 
Changes in equity share capital during the year  1,51,20,967  1,512.10 
Balance as at 31 March 2026  8,57,52,591  8,575.26 
For the year ended 31 March 2025
Equity shares of ₹ 10 each issued, subscribed and fully paid No. of shares Amount 
Balance as at 1 April 2024  6,10,75,820  6,107.58 
Changes in equity share capital during the year  95,55,804  955.58 
Balance as at 31 March 2025  7,06,31,624  7,063.16 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 229
[page 250]
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited 
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978
 
  
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani
Managing Director
DIN: 07413777
Anand Kishore
Chief Financial Oﬃcer
   
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
Vishal  Nirani  
Director  
DIN: 08434032  
 
 
Monu Kumar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: A38853 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. 
As per our report of even date
For N. M. Raiji & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. : 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership No. : 039434
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 230
[page 251]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026     
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
1 Corporate Information       
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited (the "Company" or "Holding Company") is a public company incorporated and domiciled in 
India. The address of its registered oﬃce is Survey No.166, Kulali Cross, Jamkhandi Mudhol Road, Mudhol, Karnataka. 
The Company and its subsidiary (collectively referred as "the Group") is primarily engaged in the business of producing 
ethanol and other products derived from distillery processes and compressed biogas. The company is listed in Bombay 
Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange on 03 October 2025.
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements were approved by the Board of Directors for issuance on May 22, 2026.  
2 Material accounting policy information 
Material accounting policies adopted by the Group are as under:
2.1  Basis of Consolidation      
(a) Statement of Compliance with Ind AS      
These consolidated ﬁnancial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) notiﬁed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the "Act") read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended from time to time.      
(b) Basis of Preparation
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements have been prepared on a historical cost convention, using the accrual basis 
of accounting, except for the following material items that have been measured at fair value, as required by the 
relevant Ind AS:-
i) Certain ﬁnancial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value (refer accounting policy on ﬁnancial 
instruments).
ii) Employee deﬁned beneﬁt assets/(obligations) are recognised as the net total of the fair value of plan assets, 
plus actuarial losses, less actuarial gains and the present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt obligations.
iii) Accounting for business combination as set out in note 36.
(c) Use of estimates
In preparation of these consolidated ﬁnancial statements, Management has made  judgements, estimates and 
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, 
income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.      
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revision to accounting estimates are 
recognised prospectively. Refer note 3 for details of the key estimates and judgments.    
(d) Control assessment
Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the 
investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Speciﬁcally, the Group 
controls an investee if and only if the Group has:
• Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the 
investee)
• Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and
• The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.      
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights result in control. To support this presumption and 
when the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant 
facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:
• The contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee
• Rights arising from other contractual arrangements
• The Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights
• The size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of the holdings of the other voting 
rights holders.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 231
[page 252]
The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes 
to one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control 
over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses 
of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements from the 
date the Group gains control until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.     
Consolidated ﬁnancial statements are prepared using uniform accounting policies for like transactions and other events 
in similar circumstances.      
(e) Consolidation procedure:      
(i) Combine like items of assets, liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash ﬂows of the parent with those of its 
subsidiaries. For this purpose, income and expenses of the subsidiary are based on the amounts of the assets and 
liabilities recognised in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements at the acquisition date.     
(ii) Offset (eliminate) the carrying amount of the parent’s investment in each subsidiary and the parent’s portion of equity 
of each subsidiary.      
(iii) The ﬁnancial statements of all entities, used for the purpose of consolidation are drawn up to same reporting date 
as that of the Company.       
(iv) Non-controlling interest represents that part of the total comprehensive income and net assets of subsidiaries 
attributable to interests which are not owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company.     
Proﬁt or loss and each component of other comprehensive income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the 
parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a 
deﬁcit balance. When necessary, adjustments are made to the ﬁnancial statements of subsidiaries to bring their 
accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, 
expenses and cash ﬂows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction. If 
the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it:
• Derecognises the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary
• Derecognises the carrying amount of any non controlling interests
• Derecognises the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity
• Recognises the fair value of the consideration received
• Recognises the fair value of any investment retained
• Recognises any surplus or deﬁcit in proﬁt or loss
• Reclassiﬁes the parent’s share of components previously recognised in OCI to proﬁt or loss or retained earnings, as 
appropriate, as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
Below subsidiary has been considered in preparation of consolidated ﬁnancial statements:
Name of the entity Nature Country of 
incorporation
% of holding 
as on 31 
March 2026
% of holding as 
on 31 March 
2025
Nature of 
business
TruAlt Gas Private Limited Subsidiary India 51.00% 0.00% Production 
and selling of 
compressed 
biogas and allied 
products.
Limited
Subsidiary India 51.00% 100.00% Production 
and selling of 
compressed 
biogas and allied 
products.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 232
[page 253]
2.2 Summary of Material Accounting Policies      
(a) Business Combination and Goodwill
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the 
aggregate of the consideration transferred measured, at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any NCI in the 
acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as and when they are incurred.      
At the acquisition date, the identiﬁable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their acquisition 
date fair values.      
If the business combination is achieved in stages, any previously held equity interest is re-measured at its acquisition 
date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in Statement of Proﬁt and Loss.    
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount 
recognised for non-controlling interests, and any previous interest held, over the net identiﬁable assets acquired and 
liabilities assumed. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, 
the Group re-assesses whether it has correctly identiﬁed all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and 
reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognised at the acquisition date. If the reassessment still 
results in an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain 
is recognised in OCI and accumulated in equity as capital reserve. However, if there is no clear evidence of bargain 
purchase, the entity recognises the gain directly in equity as capital reserve, without routing the same through OCI.  
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of 
impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the 
Group’s cash-generating units that are expected to beneﬁt from the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or 
liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.      
A cash generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when 
there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit is less than its 
carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated ﬁrst to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit 
and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment 
loss for goodwill is recognised in Statement of Proﬁt and Loss. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not 
reversed in subsequent years.      
(b) Current versus Non Current Classiﬁcation      
The Group presents assets and liabilities in the restated statement of assets and liabilities based on current/non-current 
classiﬁcation. An asset is treated as current when it is:
i )  E x p e c t e d  t o  b e  r e a l i s e d  o r  i n t e n d e d  t o  b e  s o l d  o r  c o n s u m e d  i n  t h e  n o r m a l  o p e r a t i n g  c y c l e ;                                                                                                                                         
ii) Held primarily for the purpose of trading;
i i i )  E x p e c t e d  t o  b e  r e a l i s e d  w i t h i n  t w e l v e  m o n t h s  f r o m  t h e  r e p o r t i n g  p e r i o d ;  o r                                                                                                                                                                 
iv) Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months 
after the reporting period.     
All other assets are classiﬁed as non-current. 
A liability is treated as current when:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
-  I t  i s  e x p e c t e d  t o  b e  s e t t l e d  i n  n o r m a l  o p e r a t i n g  c y c l e ;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
-  I t  i s  h e l d  p r i m a r i l y  f o r  t h e  p u r p o s e  o f  t ra d i n g ;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
-  I t  i s  d u e  t o  b e  s e t t l e d  w i t h i n  t w e l v e  m o n t h s  f r o m  t h e  r e p o r t i n g  p e r i o d ;  o r                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
- There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting 
period .The Group classiﬁes all Other Liabilities as non-current. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classiﬁed as 
non-current assets and liabilities.     
The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realisation in cash and cash 
equivalents. The Group has identiﬁed twelve months as its operating cycle.      
(c) Fair value measurement      
The Group measures ﬁnancial instruments at fair value at each balance sheet date.      
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that 
the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 233
[page 254]
- In the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
- In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability accessible to the 
Group.     
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which suﬃcient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of 
unobservable inputs.  The Group's management determines the policies and procedures for fair value measurement 
such as derivative instruments.       
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the ﬁnancial statements are categorised within 
the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole: 
- Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;  
- Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement is 
directly or indirectly observable; and 
- Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable.      
(d ) Revenue Recognition      
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services are transferred to the 
customer at an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those 
goods or services. Revenue contracts are on a principal to principal basis and the Group is primarily responsible for 
fulﬁlling the identiﬁed performance obligation.      
Revenue from sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, 
on delivery of the goods or Ex- Works, basis the terms of the contract. Payment for the sale is made as per the credit 
terms in the agreements with the customers. The Group considers whether there are other promises in the contract that 
are separate performance obligations to which a portion of the transaction price needs to be allocated. In determining 
the transaction price for the sale of goods and services, the Group considers the effects of variable consideration, the 
existence of signiﬁcant ﬁnancing components, non cash consideration, and consideration payable to the customer (if 
any).      
Bill and hold sales is recognised when all the following criteria are met:
▪ the reason for the bill and hold sales is substantive
▪ the product is identiﬁed separately as belonging to the customer
▪ the product is currently ready for physical transfer to the customer
▪ the Group does not have ability to use the product or to direct it on another customer 
Contract balances - Trade receivables
A receivable represents the Group’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of 
time is required before payment of the consideration is due).      
(e) Government grant       
Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attached 
conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic 
basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. When the grant 
relates to an asset, it is recognised as income in equal amounts over the expected useful life of the related asset. 
When the assistance is provided by the government in the form of reimbursement of interest paid on term loans, the 
effect of this interest subvention is regarded as government grant. The beneﬁt received is accounted as other income in 
the statement of proﬁt and loss.      
(f) Taxes      
Tax expense for the year, comprising current tax and deferred tax, are included in the determination of the net proﬁt or 
loss for the year.  
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 234
[page 255]
Current income tax
Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered or paid to the taxation 
authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, 
at the year end date. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to 
offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Current income tax relating to items recognised outside the statement of proﬁt and loss is recognised outside proﬁt or 
loss (either in OCI or in equity). Current tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in OCI 
or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in 
which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.
Deferred tax      
Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the balance sheet approach, on temporary differences arising between the 
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in ﬁnancial statements. Deferred income tax is also not 
accounted for, if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business 
combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting proﬁt nor taxable proﬁt (tax loss). Deferred 
income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the 
year and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability 
is settled.      
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable 
that future taxable amounts will be available to utilize those temporary differences and losses.    
Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax 
regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to 
be paid to the tax authorities.      
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and 
liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities 
are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.      
Current and deferred tax is recognised in Statement of Proﬁt and Loss, except to the extent that it relates to items 
recognised in OCI or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in OCI or directly in equity, respectively.  
(g) Property, plant and equipment and Capital work-in progress      
Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation and accumulated impairment. Historical 
cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. For this purpose, cost includes 
deemed cost on the date of transition and acquisition price, including non recoverable duties and taxes, and any directly 
attributable costs of bringing an asset to the location and condition of its intended use. In addition, interest on 
borrowings used to ﬁnance the construction of qualifying assets is capitalised as part of the asset’s cost until such time 
that the asset is substantially ready for its intended use.      
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only 
when it is probable that future economic beneﬁts associated with the item will ﬂow to the Group and the cost of the item 
can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to Statement of Proﬁt and Loss during the year 
in which they are incurred.      
When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate 
items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.      
Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plant and equipment outstanding at each balance sheet date are 
classiﬁed as capital advances under Other Non-current Assets and the cost of assets not put to use before such date 
are disclosed under ‘Capital work-in-progress.
Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives      
The Group depreciates property, plant and equipment over their estimated useful lives using the straight line method. 
The estimated useful lives of assets are as follows:
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 235
[page 256]
Based on the technical experts assessment of useful life, certain items of property plant and equipment are being 
depreciated over useful lives, different from the prescribed useful lives under Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. 
Management believes that such estimated useful lives are realistic and reﬂect a fair approximation of the period over 
which the assets are likely to be used.      
Depreciation on addition to property plant and equipment is provided on a pro-rata basis from the date of acquisition. 
Depreciation on sale/deduction from property plant and equipment is provided up to the date preceding the date of sale, 
deduction as the case may be. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the sale proceeds with the 
carrying amount. These are included in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss under 'Other Income'.    
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed periodically at each ﬁnancial year end and are 
adjusted prospectively, as appropriate.      
(h) Other Intangible Assets      
Intangible assets are stated at acquisition cost, net of accumulated amortisation.     
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill are initially recognised 
at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost). Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible 
assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated 
impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.     
The Group amortises intangible assets over their estimated useful lives using the straight line method. The estimated 
useful lives of intangible assets are as follows:      
Intangible assets with ﬁnite lives are assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset 
may be impaired. The Amortisation period and the Amortisation method for an intangible asset with a ﬁnite useful life 
are reviewed at least at each ﬁnancial year end.      
(i) Borrowing Costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a 
substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the asset. All other 
borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that 
an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds and also includes exchange differences to the extent regarded 
as an adjustment to the borrowing costs.      
(j) Inventories      
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value.      
Costs incurred in bringing each product to its present location and condition are accounted for as follows:   
- Raw materials and stores and spare parts: cost includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis.
Property, plant and equipment Years
Building-Factory 30-40 
Building-Others 30-50
Plant & Machinery 10-25
Furniture and Fixtures 8-10 
5
Computers 3 
Vehicles 8-10 
Roads (included in this factory building) 3
Lease hold improvements Over the useful life or the lease term whichever is lower
Intangible assets Years
Software 3
Customer relationship 10-25
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 236
[page 257]
- Finished goods and work-in-progress: cost is determined on the weighted average basis and comprises direct material, 
cost of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing these inventories to their present location and condition.   
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated cost of 
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.      
(k) Impairment of non-ﬁnancial assets      
The Group assesses at each year end whether there is any objective evidence that a non ﬁnancial asset or a group of non 
ﬁnancial assets is impaired. If any such indication exists, the Group estimates the asset's recoverable amount and the 
amount of impairment loss.
An impairment loss is calculated as the difference between an asset’s carrying amount and recoverable amount. Losses 
are recognised in the  Statement of Proﬁt and Loss and are reﬂected in an allowance account. When the Group considers 
that there are no realistic prospects of recovery of the asset, the relevant amounts are written off. If the amount of 
impairment loss subsequently decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the 
impairment was recognised, then the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed through the Statement of Proﬁt 
and Loss.
The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit (as deﬁned below) is the greater of its value in use and its 
fair value less costs of disposal. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash ﬂows are discounted to their 
present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reﬂects current market assessments of the time value of money and the 
risks speciﬁc to the asset. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of 
assets that generates cash in ﬂows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inﬂows of other assets 
or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”)."      
(l) Provisions and contingent liabilities      
(a) Provisions are recognised when there is a present obligation as a result of a past event, and it is probable that an 
outﬂow of resources embodying economic beneﬁts will be required to settle the obligation and there is a reliable 
estimate of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are measured at the best estimate of the expenditure required 
to settle the present obligation at the Balance Sheet date.      
If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reﬂects, 
when appropriate, the risks speciﬁc to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the 
passage of time is recognised as a ﬁnance cost.      
(b) Contingent liabilities exist when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the existence of which will 
be conﬁrmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the 
control of the Group, or a present obligation that arises from past events where it is either not probable that an 
outﬂow of resources will be required or the amount cannot be reliably estimated. Contingent liabilities are 
appropriately disclosed unless the possibility of an outﬂow of resources embodying economic beneﬁts is remote. 
(c) Contingent asset is not recognised in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements; however, is disclosed where an 
inﬂow of economic beneﬁts is probable.      
       (d) Provisions, Contingent liabilities, and Contingent assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date.   
(m) Employee Beneﬁts       
Short-term obligations      
Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary beneﬁts that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 
months after the end of the year in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of 
employees’ services up to the end of the year and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities 
are settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee beneﬁt obligations in the balance sheet.   
Other employee beneﬁt obligations      
Deﬁned contribution plan
Contribution towards Provident Fund and Employees' State Insurance Scheme is made to the regulatory authorities, 
where the Group has no further obligations. Such beneﬁts are classiﬁed as Deﬁned Contribution Schemes as the Group 
does not carry any further obligations, apart from the contributions made on a monthly basis which are charged to the 
Statement of Proﬁt and Loss.      
       
       
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 237
[page 258]
Deﬁned beneﬁt plans      
The Group provides for gratuity, a deﬁned beneﬁt unfunded plan (the 'Gratuity Plan"") covering eligible employees in 
accordance with the Code on Social Security, 2020. The Gratuity Plan provides for a lump sum payment to be made to 
vested employees at the time of retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of employment, of an amount based on 
the respective employee's salary. The Group's liability is actuarially determined (using the Projected Unit Credit method) 
at the end of each period. Remeasurements of the net deﬁned obligation are recognised directly within equity. The 
remeasurements include:
(i) Actuarial gains and losses
(ii) Return on plan assets (interest exclusive)
(iii) Any asset ceiling effects (interest exclusive).      
Leave encashment       
The liabilities for earned leave are not expected to be settled wholly within twelve months after the end of the reporting 
period in which the employees render the related service. They are, therefore, measured as the present value of expected 
future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees up to the end of the reporting period using the 
projected unit credit method as determined by actuarial valuation. The beneﬁts are discounted using the market yields at 
the end of the reporting period that have terms approximating the terms of the related obligation. Remeasurements as a 
result of experience adjustments and change in actuarial assumptions are recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and 
Loss. The obligations are presented as Current Liabilities in the Balance Sheet, if the entity does not have an 
unconditional right to defer settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting period, regardless of when the actual 
settlement is expected to occur.      
(n) Financial instruments      
A ﬁnancial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a ﬁnancial asset of one entity and a ﬁnancial liability or equity 
instrument of another entity.       
(i) Financial assets      
Initial recognition and measurement      
The ﬁnancial assets include trade receivables,  cash and cash equivalents, and other ﬁnancial assets. Financial assets 
are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of ﬁnancial assets 
(other than ﬁnancial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss) are added to or are deducted from the fair value of the 
ﬁnancial assets as appropriate on initial recognition. However, trade receivables that do not contain a signiﬁcant 
ﬁnancing component are measured at transaction price.      
Subsequent measurement 
For purposes of subsequent measurement, ﬁnancial assets are classiﬁed under the following categories:   
a) at amortised cost; or
b) at fair value through OCI; or 
c) at fair value through proﬁt or loss.
The classiﬁcation depends on the entity’s business model for managing the ﬁnancial assets and the contractual terms of 
the cash ﬂows.      
Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash ﬂows where those cash ﬂows represent solely 
payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these ﬁnancial assets is 
included in ﬁnance income using the effective interest rate method (EIR).      
Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI): Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash ﬂows 
and for selling the ﬁnancial assets, where the assets’ cash ﬂows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are 
measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment 
gains or losses, interest revenue and foreign exchange gains and losses, which are recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt 
and Loss. When the ﬁnancial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is 
reclassiﬁed from equity to the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss and recognised in other gains/ (losses). Interest income from 
these ﬁnancial assets is included in other income, using the effective interest rate method. 
Fair Value Through Proﬁt or Loss (FVTPL): Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured 
at fair value through proﬁt or loss. Interest income from these ﬁnancial assets is included in other income. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 238
[page 259]
Impairment of ﬁnancial assets      
In accordance with Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments, the Group applies Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for 
measurement and recognition of impairment loss on ﬁnancial assets that are measured at amortised cost.  
The Group follows ‘simpliﬁed approach’ for recognition of impairment loss allowance on  trade and contract revenue 
receivables, loans and other ﬁnancial assets.
The application of simpliﬁed approach does not require the Group to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognises 
impairment loss allowance based on lifetime ECL at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition.
For recognition of impairment loss on other ﬁnancial assets and risk exposure, the Group determines whether there has 
been a signiﬁcant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition. If the credit risk has not increased signiﬁcantly, 
12-month ECL is used to provide for impairment loss. However, if the credit risk has increased signiﬁcantly, lifetime ECL 
is used. If, in a subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument improves, such that there is no longer a signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition, then the entity reverts to recognising impairment loss allowance based on 
12-month ECL.
Derecognition of ﬁnancial assets
A ﬁnancial asset is derecognised only when:
a) the right to receive cash ﬂows from the ﬁnancial asset is transferred; or
b) the Group retains the contractual right to receive the cash ﬂows of the ﬁnancial asset, but assumes a contractual 
obligation to pay the cash ﬂows to one or more recipients.
Where a ﬁnancial asset is transferred, it is derecognised only if substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of the 
ﬁnancial asset are transferred. Where the entity has not transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of a 
ﬁnancial asset, the ﬁnancial asset is not derecognised.
(ii) Financial liabilities
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial liabilities are classiﬁed, at initial recognition, as ﬁnancial liabilities at fair value through proﬁt or loss and at 
amortised cost, as appropriate.      
All ﬁnancial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of borrowings and payables, net of directly 
attributable transaction costs.      
Subsequent measurement 
The measurement of ﬁnancial liabilities depends on their classiﬁcation, as described below:     
Financial liabilities at fair value through proﬁt or loss      
Financial liabilities at fair value through proﬁt or loss include ﬁnancial liabilities held for trading and ﬁnancial liabilities 
designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through proﬁt or loss. Separated embedded derivatives are also 
classiﬁed as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities 
held for trading are recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss.       
Amortised cost
After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the 
Effective Interest Rate (EIR) method. Gains and losses are recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss when the 
liabilities are derecognised as well as through the EIR Amortisation process. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into 
account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR 
Amortisation is included as ﬁnance costs in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss.      
Derecognition      
A ﬁnancial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an 
existing ﬁnancial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an 
existing liability are substantially modiﬁed, such an exchange or modiﬁcation is treated as the derecognition of the 
original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in 
the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss as a ﬁnance costs. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 239
[page 260]
(iii) Offsetting ﬁnancial instruments      
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet where there is a legally 
enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset 
and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be 
enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Group or the 
counterparty.      
(o) Leases      
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is or contains a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the 
right to control the use of an identiﬁed asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.    
Group as a lessee      
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and 
leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets 
representing the right to use the underlying assets.      
i) Right-of-use assets      
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is 
available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, 
and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease 
liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less 
any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease 
term and the estimated useful lives of the assets. The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment.   
ii) Lease liabilities      
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease 
payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include ﬁxed payments (including in substance ﬁxed 
payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts 
expected to be paid under residual value guarantees if any. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a 
purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if 
the lease term reﬂects the Group exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an 
index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the 
event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease 
commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the 
commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reﬂect the accretion of interest and reduced for the 
lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modiﬁcation, a 
change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change in 
an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the 
underlying asset.     
iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets      
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and equipment (i.e., 
those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase 
option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of space that are considered to be 
low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a 
straight-line basis over the lease term.      
iv) Group as a lessor      
Where the Group is the lessor, the treatment of leasing transactions is mainly determined by whether the lease is 
considered to be an operating or ﬁnance lease. In making this assessment, management looks at the substance of 
lease, as well as the legal form, and makes a judgement about whether substantially all of the risks and rewards of 
ownership are transferred. Arrangements which do not take legal form of a lease but that nevertheless convey the right 
to use an asset are also covered by such assessments. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 240
[page 261]
 (p) Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand and short-term deposits with an 
original maturity of three months or less, that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and subject to an 
insigniﬁcant risk of changes in value.      
 (q) Earnings Per Share (EPS)
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the proﬁt for the year/period attributable to equity holders of the Group after 
deducting preference dividend by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the ﬁnancial year.
Diluted EPS is calculated by adjusting the ﬁgures used in the determination of basic EPS to consider:
- The interest associated with dilutive potential equity shares, and
- The weighted average number of additional equity shares that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion 
of all dilutive potential equity shares.
(r) Rounding off amounts 
All amounts disclosed in Consolidated ﬁnancial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest lakhs as per 
requirement of Schedule III of the Act, unless otherwise stated.
3 Signiﬁcant accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, and the 
disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that 
require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future years.   
3.1 Estimates and assumptions
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the year end date, 
that have a signiﬁcant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within 
the next ﬁnancial year, are described below. The Group bases its assumptions and estimates on parameters 
available when the ﬁnancial statements are prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future 
developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond the control 
of the Group. Such changes are reﬂected in the assumptions when they occur.      
(a) Taxes
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses to the extent that 
taxable proﬁt would probably be available against which the losses could be utilised. Signiﬁcant judgement is 
required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and 
the level of future taxable proﬁts together with future tax planning strategies. The Group reviews the carrying 
amount of deferred tax assets and liabilities at each balance sheet date with consequential change being given 
effect to in the year of determination.      
(b) Deﬁned beneﬁt plans (gratuity beneﬁts)
The cost of the deﬁned beneﬁt plans such as gratuity and leave encashment are determined using actuarial 
valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions that may differ from actual developments 
in the future. These include the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases and mortality rates. Due 
to the complexities involved in the valuation and its long-term nature, a deﬁned beneﬁt obligation is highly sensitive 
to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each period end.The principal assumptions are 
the discount and salary growth rate. The discount rate is based upon the market yields available on government 
bonds at the accounting date with a term that matches that of liabilities. Salary increase rate takes into account of 
inﬂation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors on  a long term basis. For details refer note 38.  
(c) Estimation of Net Realisable value for Inventories 
Inventory is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value (NRV). NRV for completed inventory is assessed by 
reference to market conditions and prices existing at the reporting date and is determined by the Group, based on 
comparable transactions identiﬁed. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 241
[page 262]
(d) Useful lives of Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets      
The Group reviews the useful life of property, plant and equipment/intangible assets at the end of each reporting period. 
This reassessment may result in change in depreciation expense in future periods.
4  New and Amended Standards      
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notiﬁes new standards or amendments to the existing standards under Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. In May 2025, MCA notiﬁed amendments to Ind AS 21 
- The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025. The Company has reviewed the 
amendment and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not have any signiﬁcant impact in its ﬁnancial 
statements.      
In August 2025, MCA notiﬁed the following amendments to:      
(a) Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025 – The amendment relates to 
classiﬁcation of liabilities as current or noncurrent and non-current liabilities with covenants. In the context of classifying 
a liability as current, it removes the requirement of existence of a right to defer settlement for at least 12 months after 
the reporting date and instead requires that the said right should exist on the reporting date and have substance. The 
amendment also introduces guidance on classiﬁcation of liabilities with covenants. The Company has no impact of 
these amendments in its classiﬁcation criteria of current and non-current liabilities.
(b) Ind AS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107, Financial Instruments: Disclosures, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025 
– The amendment in Ind AS 7 requires to inform users of ﬁnancial statements of the existence of supplier ﬁnance 
arrangements and explain the nature of the arrangements, the carrying amount of liabilities and the range of payment 
due dates. Ind AS 107 has been amended to add supplier ﬁnance arrangements as a factor that may cause 
concentration of liquidity risk. The Company has reviewed the amendment and based on its evaluation has determined 
that it does not have any signiﬁcant impact in its ﬁnancial statements.      
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 242
[page 263]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026    
v(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 
Notes:            
a) The Group has availed loans from banks against security of the ﬁxed assets (i.e. property, plant and equipment), 
refer note 54             
b) For capital commitment with regards to property plant and equipment, refer note 56.     
c) With respect to grain based project of holding company 550 KLPD at Unit 1, which is commissioned on 01 November 
2025, speciﬁc borrowing cost amounting to ₹ 849.03 lakhs i.e. cost incurred up to the date of capitalization has been 
included in the value of plant and machinery using a capitalization rate of 11.67%.     
5 Property, plant and equipment and Capital work-in progress  
 Gross Block  Accumulated depreciation  Net block 
Particulars  As at 
1 April 2025
Acquisition 
through 
Business 
Combination  
(Refer Note 
36)
 Additions Deductions/ 
Transfer 
 As at 
31 March 
2026
 As at 
1 April 2025
 For the 
year Deductions 
 As at 
31 March 
2026
 As at
31 March 
2026 
As at
31 March 
2025
Land  6,937.13  -    1,550.96  -    8,488.09  -    -    -    -    8,488.09  6,937.13 
Building-
Factory  11,749.02  -    16.99  -    11,766.01  1,012.96  414.87  -    1,427.83  10,338.18  10,736.06 
Building-
Others  324.95  -    1.44  -    326.39  57.12  9.78  -    66.90  259.49  267.83 
Temporary 
sheds  34.70  -    -    -    34.70  20.61  8.25  -    28.86  5.84  14.09 
Plant and 
machinery  1,59,342.45  -    42,498.89  -    2,01,841.34  10,207.04  6,687.59  -    16,894.63  1,84,946.71  1,49,135.41 
Furniture and  233.19  -    13.26  -    246.45  23.94  43.76  -    67.70  178.75  209.25 
Equipment  103.18  -    70.91  -    174.09  17.45  22.10  -    39.55  134.54  85.73 
Computers  308.57  -    76.11  -    384.68  167.04  84.49  -    251.53  133.15  141.53 
Lease hold 
improvements  409.93  -    -    -    409.93  32.34  82.02  -    114.36  295.57  377.59 
Vehicle  100.21  -    345.97  -    446.18  5.05  11.14  -    16.19  429.99  95.16 
Total  1,79,543.33  -    44,574.53  -    2,24,117.86  11,543.55  
7,364.00  -    18,907.55  2,05,210.31  1,67,999.78 
Capital 
work-in 
progress
 277.63  49,409.56  (42,915.77)  6,771.42  -    -    -    -    6,771.42  277.63 
 Gross Block Accumulated depreciation  Net block 
Particulars  As at 
1 April 2024
Acquisition 
through 
Business 
Combination  
(Refer Note 
36)
 Additions Deductions/ 
Transfer 
As at
31 March 
2025 
 As at
1 April 
2024 
For the 
year Deductions 
 As at 
31 March 
2025
As at
31 March 
2025 
 As at 
31 March 
2024
Land  6,691.82  -    245.31  -    6,937.13  -    -    -    -    6,937.13  6,691.82 
Building-Fac-
tory  11,730.33  -    18.69  -    11,749.02  600.40  412.56  -    1,012.96  10,736.06  11,129.93 
Building-Oth-
ers  324.73  -    0.22  -    324.95  26.42  30.70  -    57.12  267.83  298.31 
Temporary 
sheds  34.70  -    -    -    34.70  12.37  8.24  -    20.61  14.09  22.33 
Plant and 
machinery  1,14,645.28  -    44,697.17  -    1,59,342.45  5,369.19  4,837.85  -    10,207.04  1,49,135.41  1,09,276.09 
Furniture and  18.79  -    214.40  -    233.19  3.88  20.06  -    23.94  209.25  14.91 
-
ment  29.71  -    73.47  -    103.18  3.84  13.61  -    17.45  85.73  25.87 
Computers  232.26  -    76.31  -    308.57  84.01  83.03  -    167.04  141.53  148.25 
Lease hold 
improvements  -    -    409.93  -    409.93  -    32.34  -    32.34  377.59  -   
Vehicle  27.83  -    72.38  -    100.21  0.33  4.72  -    5.05  95.16  27.50 
Total  1,33,735.45  -    45,807.88  -    1,79,543.33  6,100.44  
5,443.11  -    11,543.55  1,67,999.78  1,27,635.01 
Capital work-
in progress  20,125.37  25,279.31 (45,127.05)  277.63  -    -    -    -    277.63  20,125.37 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 243
[page 264]
There are no projects under Capital Work in progress where the completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost compared 
to its original plan.
Particulars Amount in CWIP for a period of TotalLess than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
Projects in progress  6,771.42  -    -    -    6,771.42 
Particulars Amount in CWIP for a period of TotalLess than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
Projects in progress  277.63  -  -    -  277.63 
Capital-work-in progress ageing schedule 
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
d) With respect to grain based project of holding company 450 KLPD at Unit 2, which is commissioned on 28 February 
2026, speciﬁc borrowing cost amounting to ₹ 883.80 lakhs i.e. cost incurred up to the date of capitalization has been 
included in the value of plant and machinery using a capitalization rate of 11.67%.
e) With respect to grain based project of holding company 300 KLPD at Unit 4, which is commissioned on 26 January 2026, 
funded from initial public offering.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 244
[page 265]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026     
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 
Impairment testing of goodwill          
Goodwill arising on acquisition of subsidiary has been allocated to a separate single cash generating unit (CGU) i.e. 
Leaﬁniti Bioenergy Private Limited and goodwill arising on acquisition of distillery business has been allocated to a 
separate single cash generating unit (CGU) i.e. TruAlt Bioenergy Limited. The Company has performed an annual 
impairment test to ascertain the recoverable amount of such goodwill. The recoverable amount is determined based on 
value in use calculation. The calculations performed indicate that there is no impairment of CGU of the company as 
value in use is higher than the carrying amount of goodwill.
These calculations use management assumptions and pre-tax cash ﬂow projections based on ﬁnanced budgets 
approved by management covering a 5-year period. The value-in-use calculation for the year used discount rates ranging 
10.46% and terminal year growth rate of 3%.          
 Gross Block  Accumulated depreciation  Net block 
Particulars
 As at 
 1 April 
2025 
Acquisition 
through 
Business 
Combination  
(Refer Note 
36) "
 
Additions 
Deductions/ 
Transfer 
 As at 
 31 March 
2026 
 As at 
 1 April 2025 
 For the 
year 
 Deductions/ 
Transfers 
 As at 
 31 
March 
2026 
 As at 
 31 March 
2026 
As at
31 March 
2025
Software  0.05  -    -    -    0.05  0.05  -    -    0.05  -    -   
Customer 
relationship  11,540.40  -    -    -    11,540.40  2,791.91  
1,110.33  -    3,902.24  7,638.16 8748.57
Total  11,540.45  -    -    -    11,540.45  2,791.96  1,110.33  -    3,902.29  7,638.16  8,748.57 
Goodwill  5,159.38  -    -    -    5,159.38  -    -    -    -    5,159.38  5,159.38 
 Gross 
Block 
 Accumulated 
depreciation  Net block 
Particulars
As at  
1 April 
2024
Acquisition 
through 
Business 
Combination  
(Refer Note 
36)
 Additions  Deductions/ 
Transfer 
As at  
31 March 
2025 "
As at  
1 April 2024
 For the 
year  Deductions 
As at  
31 March 
2025 "
As at  
31 March 
2025 "
 As at  
31 March 
2024"
Software  0.05  -    -    -    0.05  0.05  -    -    0.05  -    -   
Customer 
relationship  11,540.48  -    -    -    11,540.48  1,666.38  
1,125.53  -    2,791.91  8,748.57  9,874.10 
Total  11,540.53  -    -    -    11,540.53  1,666.43  1,125.53  -    2,791.96  8,748.57  9,874.10 
Goodwill  5,159.38  -    -    -    5,159.38  -    -    -    -    5,159.38  5,159.38 
6 Intangible Assets
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 245
[page 266]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026  
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 
(b) Terms and conditions of Lease arrangements:     
The Group has lease contracts for various land and buildings. Leases of land have a lease term for 99 years and 10 years, 
buildings generally 5 years. The Group's obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor's title to the leased assets. 
With the exception of short-term leases,each lease is reﬂected on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and a lease 
liability.  The payments for buildings to be increased by 5% every year from 01 July 2025.
c) Refer Note 42(D) for information about the undiscounted maturity analysis of lease liabilities over the 
remaining lease term.
7 Leases
Group as a Lessee 
(a) Information about leases for which the Group is a lessee is as follows.
Right-of-use assets  Land  Total 
Balance as at 1 April 2025  566.98  111.36  678.34 
Additions    -    -    - 
Depreciation expense  (136.07)  (12.46)  (148.53)
Balance as at 31 March 2026  430.91  98.90  529.81 
Balance as at 1 April 2024    -    -    - 
Additions  680.38  118.68  799.06 
Depreciation expense  (113.40)  (7.32)  (120.72)
Balance as at 31 March 2025  566.98  111.36  678.34 
Year ended Year ended
Lease Liabilities 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Opening Balance  686.16    - 
Add: Additions    -  739.26 
Add: Interest expense on lease liabilities  64.06  59.10 
Less: Payments  (174.34)  (112.20)
Balance as at the end of the year  575.88  686.16 
 As at  As at 
 31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Non-current  403.55  519.70 
Current  172.33  166.46 
 575.88  686.16 
Year ended Year ended
Notes 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Short-term lease expenses (included in miscellaneous 
expenses) 34    -  55.46 
Interest expense on lease liabilities 32  64.06  59.10 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 33  148.53  120.72 
 Year ended  Year ended 
 31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Interest paid on lease liabilities  64.06  59.10 
Principal paid on lease liabilities  110.28  53.10 
Short-term lease expense    -  55.46 
 174.34  167.66 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 246
[page 267]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026  
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 
*Trade receivables balance includes retention money amounting to ₹ 6,187.10 lakhs (31 March 2025: ₹ 2,945.30 lakhs). 
*The goods are in transit to customers and the same has been delivered subsequent to the year end ₹ 2,726.88 lakhs (31 
March 2025: ₹ 1,913.21 lakhs).         
As per the terms of Letter of Intent, revenue is recognised upon satisfaction of the performance obligations which occurs 
typically upon delivery.
8 Investments  Non Current 
 Current 
 31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
49,99,750.012 (31st March 2025:  49,99,750.012) units in SBI Innova-
tive Opportunities Fund -Regular growth  406.53  436.08 
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments  406.53  436.08 
9 Other non-current assets  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Capital advances  1,951.48  13,667.19 
Prepaid expenses  38.86  29.16 
 1,990.34  13,696.35 
10 Inventories
(Value at lower of cost and net realisable value)  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Raw materials  19,323.77  5,807.11 
Finished goods  28,417.12  12,238.35 
Finished goods in transit*  2,726.88  1,913.21 
Store and spares parts including packing materials  2,375.23  1,062.37 
 52,843.00  21,021.04 
11 Trade Receivables  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Trade receivable considered good – Unsecured*  40,610.83  33,926.65 
 40,610.83  33,926.65 
31 March 2026
Not Due
Outstanding for following  periods from due date of payment
Particulars
 
Less  than 
6 months 
6 months 
- 1 year  1-2 years 2-3 
years
More  
than 
3 years
 Total 
 Trade  receivables  –  
considered good  13,994.54  23,485.44  868.06  2,261.21  1.58    -  40,610.83 
 Total  13,994.54  23,485.44  868.06  2,261.21  1.58    -  40,610.83 
31 March 2025
Not Due
Outstanding for following  periods from due date of payment
Particulars
 
Less  than 
6 months 
6 months 
- 1 year  1-2 years 2-3 
years
More  
than 
3 years
 Total 
 Trade  receivables  –  
considered good  23,321.70  7,015.80  3,378.86  195.20  14.80  0.29  33,926.65 
 Total  23,321.70  7,015.80  3,378.86  195.20  14.80  0.29  33,926.65 
Ageing of Trade Receivables
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 247
[page 268]
12 Cash and Cash Equivalents  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Cash in hand    -  0.14 
Balances with banks:
On current accounts  8,224.07  3,674.21 
Debit balance in Cash Credit accounts  596.95    - 
Fixed deposits with maturity of less than 3 months  5.00  11,303.29 
 8,826.02  14,977.64 
13 Bank balances other than Cash and Cash Equivalents  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Fixed deposits with banks (maturity morethan 3 months but lessthan 
12 months)  150.80    - 
 150.80    - 
14 Non-current
14.1 Non-current  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity  2,437.99  112.13 
Security deposits  119.62  80.89 
Accrued Interest  102.40    - 
 2,660.01  193.02 
 Current 
14.2 Current  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Security Deposits  7.43  8.88 
Receivable from third parties  100.00  100.00 
Receivable from related parties  1,686.19  1,507.69 
Interest accrued but not due    -  0.17 
Advance to employees    -  0.56 
 1,793.62  1,617.30 
15 Governments grants  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Interest subvention receivable [Refer note 28]  3,170.14  2,948.33 
Performance linked incentive receivable [Refer note 27]  9,189.39  6,617.66 
Government Incentive receivable  594.12  269.08 
 12,953.65  9,835.07 
16 Other current assets  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Balances with government authorities  21,508.74  17,890.15 
Advance to related party  4,030.79    - 
Advances to third parties  3,521.45  5,435.96 
Prepaid expenses  226.33  86.64 
Others*  248.15  813.75 
 29,535.46  24,226.50 
*The Company has recognised recoverable for expenses of ₹ Nil (31 March 2025: ₹ 813.75 lakhs) towards proposed 
Initial Public offering ("IPO") of its equity shares.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 248
[page 269]
(ii) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares       
The Company has only one class of equity shares having par value of  ₹ 10 per share. Each shareholder is entitled to one 
vote per share held. They entitle the holders to participate in dividends which if declared is payable in Indian Rupees. 
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the 
Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity 
shares held by the shareholders.        
(iii) Details of shares held by shareholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the Company 
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026   
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 17  Share Capital
(A) Equity shares
(i) Reconciliation of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year.  
Equity shares 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Authorised share capital
10,00,00,000 (31 March 2024: 10,00,00,000 and 31 March 2023: 
7,00,00,000) Equity Shares of  ₹ 10 each  10,000.00  10,000.00 
Issued, subscribed and paid up 
8,57,52,591 (31 March 2025: 7,06,31,624) Equity shares of  ₹ 10 each fully 
paid  8,575.26  7,063.16 
 8,575.26  7,063.16 
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Number of shares Amount Number of shares Amount
Outstanding at the beginning of the year  7,06,31,624  7,063.16  6,10,75,820  6,107.58 
Add: Issued during the year on conver-
sion of CCPS into equity shares    -    -  95,55,804  955.58 
Add: Issued during the year through 
initial public offering  1,51,20,967  1,512.10    -    - 
Outstanding at the end of the year  8,57,52,591  8,575.26  7,06,31,624  7,063.16 
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Name of the shareholder Number of 
shares
% of holding in 
the class
Number of 
shares
% of holding 
in the class
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  1,53,36,841 17.88%  1,53,36,841 21.71%
Vishal Nirani  1,53,25,071 17.87%  1,53,25,071 21.70%
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani  1,45,74,868 17.00%  1,45,74,868 20.64%
Kamala Murigeppa Nirani  42,27,590 4.93%  42,27,590 5.99%
Sangamesh Rudrappa Nirani  43,74,450 5.10%  52,74,450 7.47%
Dhraksayani S Nirani  43,70,000 5.10%  52,70,000 7.46%
(iv) Details of Shares held by 
Promoters at the end of 
the year
 
 
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Name of the Promoter No. of 
Shares
% of total 
shares
% Change 
during the 
year
No. of 
Shares
% of total 
shares
% Change 
during the 
year
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  1,53,36,841 17.88% (3.83%)  1,53,36,841 21.71% 0.36 %
Vishal Nirani  1,53,25,071 17.87% (3.83%) 1,53,25,071 21.70% 0.37 %
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani  1,45,74,868 17.00% (3.64%)  1,45,74,868 20.64% 0.54 %
 4,52,36,780 52.75%  4,52,36,780 64.05%
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 249
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
[page 270]
During the ﬁnancial year 2024-25, the Company vide its Board of Directors meeting held on 03 May 2024, converted its 
Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS) to fully paid equity shares of the Company in the ratio of 1:4.91 at 
an issue price of ₹ 491 per fully paid equity share (₹ 10 for Face value and ₹ 481 towards Securities Premium). The 
Company has allotted 95,55,804 equity shares against the 4,69,19,000 Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of 
the Company. The conversion ratio is determined based on the valuation report obtained by the Company from IBBI 
Registered Valuer as per the terms of CCPS.
Pursuant to the conversion of CCPS to equity, deferred tax liability on outstanding liability component of CCPS 
amounting to ₹ 3,730.13 lakhs is also adjusted with retained earnings.
Note: Change during the year was due to increase in the issued, subscribed and paid up shares during the year  
Note on Promoter Shareholding under Lock-in         
Pursuant to the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018, equity shares held by the promoters are subject to lock-in requirements from the date of allotment 
pursuant to the Initial Public Offer (IPO). As at 31 March 2026, the Promoters of the Company hold 4,52,36,780 equity 
shares representing 52.75% of the total paid-up equity share capital of the Company. Out of the total promoter 
shareholding, 1,71,60,000 equity shares, representing the minimum promoters’ contribution, are locked in for a period of 
three years. The balance 2,80,76,780 equity shares are locked in for a period of one year. 
Details of promoter shares under lock-in as at 31 March 2026 are as follows:      
(v) No class of shares have been bought back by the Company during the period of ﬁve years immediately preceding the 
end of current year.        
(vi) No class of shares have been issued as bonus shares during the period of ﬁve years immediately preceding the end 
of the current year.
(B) Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares 
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Authorised share capital
4,70,00,000 (31 March 2025: 4,70,00,000) Preference Shares of ₹ 100 
each  47,000.00  47,000.00 
 47,000.00  47,000.00 
Issued, subscribed and paid up 
Nil (31 March 2025: 4,69,19,000) Compulsorily Convertible Prefer-
ence Shares (CCPS) of ₹ 100 each fully paid.    -    - 
   -    - 
(i) Reconciliation of preference shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
 Number 
of shares Amount  Number of shares Amount 
Outstanding at the beginning of the year    -    -  4,69,19,000  46,919.00 
Add: Issued during the year    -    -    -    - 
Less: Converted into equity shares (Refer 
below)    -    -  (4,69,19,000)  (46,919.00)
Outstanding at the end of the year    -    -    -    - 
Name of the Promoter No. of Equity Shares Held
Shares with Lock-in period 
of one year i.e. 
02 October 2026
Shares with Lock-in period 
of three years i.e. 
02 October 2028
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  1,53,36,841 95,19,004  58,17,837 
Vishal Nirani  1,53,25,071 95,11,699  58,13,372 
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani  1,45,74,868 90,46,077  55,28,791 
 Total  4,52,36,780 2,80,76,780  1,71,60,000 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 250
[page 271]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026     
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 1 8 Other equity  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Retained earnings  32,436.04  23,873.32 
Securities premium  1,11,021.88  45,963.42 
 1,43,457.92  69,836.74 
Retained earnings  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Opening balance  23,873.32  5,662.70 
 9,686.98  14,663.85 
Less: Transfer to NCI  (1,147.46)    - 
Items of other comprehensive income recognised directly in retained 
earnings
 23.20  0.40 
Less: Dividend on Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares    -  (51.42)
Add: Reversal of deferred tax on conversion of Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares    -  3,597.79 
Closing balance  32,436.04  23,873.32 
Securities premium  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Opening balance  45,963.42    - 
Issue of equity shares on conversion of CCPS (95,55,804 equity shares * 
₹ 481 per equity share)    -  45,963.42 
Issue of equity shares pursuant to initial public offering  65,058.46    - 
Closing balance  1,11,021.88  45,963.42 
 31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Opening Balance    -  14,690.38 
On conversion of Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares    -  (14,690.38)
   -    - 
Nature and purpose of items in other equity 
Securities premium- Amount subscribed for share capital in excess of face value of equity shares. The reserve 
can be utilised only for limited purposes in accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
any dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders. Retained earnings include re-measurement gain / 
19 Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Opening balance    -    - 
 92.22    - 
Other movements  5,708.10    - 
Closing balance  5,800.32    - 
20 Non current borrowings
Secured  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Term Loans
State Bank of India  16,296.26  19,768.07 
Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (IREDA)  98,420.15  1,05,452.40 
Canara Bank  1,674.09  1,723.09 
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD)  4,643.60    - 
 1,21,034.10  1,26,943.56 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 251
[page 272]
A Terms of repayment    
(i) During the ﬁnancial year 2022–23, the Company has obtained a consortium Term loan 1 Indian Renewable Energy 
Development Agency Limited(IREDA) and Union Bank of India (UBI) amounting to ₹ 88,400.00 lakhs with a distribution 
ratio of 70:30. The loan carries an interest rate of 1 year MCLR plus 2.80% p.a. and the disbursed amount of ₹ 87,306.00 
lakhs was scheduled for repayment in 28 quarterly instalments, with monthly interest payments commenced from 27 
March 2023. As per the loan agreement, the said loan was taken for the purpose of acquisition of 1400 KLPD ethanol 
distilleries located at 3 different locations in Karnataka.      
(ii) The Company has obtained a consortium Term loan 2 from Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited 
(IREDA) and Union Bank of India (UBI) during the year ended 31 March 2024, amounting to ₹ 45,000.00 lakhs with a 
distribution ratio of 70:30. The loan carries an interest rate of 1 year MCLR plus 2.80% p.a. and the disbursed amount of 
₹ 45,000.00 lakhs is scheduled for repayment in 28 quarterly instalments, with monthly interest payments commenced 
from 31 July 2023. As per the loan agreement, the said loan was taken for the purpose of expansion of ethanol 
distilleries by 600 KLPD located at 3 different locations in Karnataka.      
(iii) The Company has obtained Term loan 3 from Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (IREDA) during 
the year ended 31 March 2025, amounting to ₹ 20,766.00 lakhs is scheduled for repayment in 24 quarterly instalments. 
Initially the loan carries an interest rate of 11.40% plus 0.50% p.a. till the commissioning of the project and the disbursed 
amount of ₹ 15,575.00 lakhs, with monthly interest payments commenced from 31 January 2025. During year ended 31 
March 2026, an additional amounting to ₹ 4,150.00 lakhs disbursed and  total disbursement made till 31st March 2026 
of ₹ 19,725 lakhs. The applicable rate of interest as at 31 March 2026 is 10.95% p.a. The repayment of principal amount 
will commence from 31 December 2026. As per the loan agreement, the said loan was taken for the purpose of Grain 
based expansion of ethanol distilleries by 1000 KLPD located at 2 different locations in Karnataka.   
(iv) As per the Sanction letter of SBI Letter No: SBI/ADV/BGM/2023-24/07 Dated : 06.01.2024, UBI was replaced by State 
Bank of India (SBI) for term loan 1 as the party to consortium. The interest rate on loan is modiﬁed from interest rate of 
1 year MCLR plus 2.80% p.a to 6 Month SBI MCLR plus 1.55%.      
(v) On 23 January 2024, the consortium agreement for Term loan 2 sanctioned was modiﬁed where the entire term loan 
is taken over by IREDA and UBI is no longer a party to the consortium agreement. The interest rate on loan is modiﬁed 
from interest rate of 1 year MCLR plus 2.80% p.a. to IREDA Grade-4 pertaining to ethanol (with existing sugar plant) 
which is presently 11.30% plus 0.5% till commissioning. The repayment of principal amount has  commenced from 
March 31 2025 instead of March 31 2024.However, the current weighted average coming out to be 10.52%. 
Vehicle Loans
HDFC Bank  53.88  65.94 
Bank of India  8.03  16.36 
 61.91  82.30 
 1,21,096.01  1,27,025.86 
Less: Current maturities of term loans from:
Term Loans
State Bank of India (Refer note 22)  4,196.00  3,596.00 
Indian Renewable Energy Development Authority (IREDA) (Refer note 22)  17,530.50  11,400.00 
Canara Bank Term Loan (Refer note 22)  367.50  294.00 
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD)  112.88    - 
 22,206.88  15,290.00 
Vehicle Loans
HDFC (Refer note 22)  12.98  12.17 
Bank of India (Refer note 22)  8.03  8.19 
 21.01  20.36 
Total current maturities of term loans  22,227.89  15,310.36 
Total non current borrowings  98,868.12  1,11,715.50 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 252
[page 273]
(vi) The term loan amounting to ₹ 2,940.00 Lakhs was sanctioned by Canara Bank during the ﬁnancial year 2020-21. The 
loan carries an interest rate of 11.25% p.a. and is scheduled for repayment in 96 monthly instalments, with monthly 
interest payments commencing from October 31, 2022. As per the loan agreement, the said loan was taken for the 
purpose of expansion of compressed bio gas plant by 10.2 TPD capacity located in Karnataka.    
(vii) The term loan amounting to ₹18,000.00 lakhs was sanctioned by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural 
Development (NABARD) during the ﬁnancial year 2025–26 under the NABARD Green Lending Facility (NGLF). As per the 
sanction letter dated June 19, 2025 (Ref. No. NB.DCAS.HO/62/43949/2025-26), the loan was sanctioned for setting up 
three Compressed Biogas (CBG) plants, each having a capacity of 20 tonnes per day. The loan carries an interest rate of 
8.90% per annum and is repayable in 40 quarterly instalments commencing from March 31, 2027. Monthly interest 
payments are scheduled to commence from December 31, 2025. However, as of March 31, 2026, only ₹4,666.00 lakhs 
had been disbursed against the total sanctioned amount.      
(viii) The vehicle loan amounting to ₹ 38.37 Lakhs was sanctioned by HDFC which carries an interest rate of 8.60 % p.a. 
and is scheduled for repayment in 60 monthly instalments, with monthly interest payments commencing from 07 
September 2024. The Company has used such borrowings for the purposes as stated in the loan agreement.  
(ix) The vehicle loan amounting to ₹ 24.45 Lakhs was sanctioned by Bank of India which carries an interest rate of 8.85% 
p.a. and is scheduled for repayment in 36 monthly instalments, with monthly interest payments commencing from 
March 30, 2024.      
(x) The vehicle loan amounting to ₹ 32.18 Lakhs was sanctioned by HDFC which carries an interest rate of 8.95 % p.a. 
and is scheduled for repayment in 60 monthly instalments, with monthly interest payments commencing from 07 
February 2025. The Company has used such borrowings for the purposes as stated in the loan agreement. 
*The difference between carrying value of borrowings and repayment schedule is due to EIR adjustment been made as 
per Ind AS 109.      
Term loans contain certain debt covenants relating to limitation on indebtedness, ﬁxed asset coverage ratio, and debt 
service coverage ratio. The limitation on indebtedness covenant gets suspended if the Group meets certain prescribed 
criteria. The debt covenant related to limitation on indebtedness remained suspended as of the date of the authorisation 
of the ﬁnancial statements. The Group has satisﬁed all other debt covenants prescribed in the terms of loan. The Group 
has not defaulted on any loans payable.      
B Repayment schedule for secured 
loan taken during the year  HDFC  SBI* IREDA* Bank of India NABARD* Canara Bank
Number of instalments due 
(Nos) 46  16  24  11 129  55 
Rate of Interest (%) 8.77% 10.29% 10.91% 8.85% 8.90% 11.25%
Within one year  12.98  4,196.00  17,530.50  8.03  116.65  367.50 
After one year but not more than 
5 years  40.90  12,373.12  76,881.00    -  1,866.40  1,306.59 
More than 5 years    -    -  4,553.00    -  2,682.95    - 
 53.88  16,569.12  98,964.50  8.03  4,666.00  1,674.09 
21 Provisions Non Current
 31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Provision for gratuity (unfunded) (Refer note 38(B))  237.53  175.06 
Provision for leave encashment  220.09  149.60 
 457.62  324.66 
 Current 
 31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Provision for gratuity (unfunded) (Refer note 38(B))  10.92  11.67 
Provision for leave encashment  20.42  13.10 
Other    -    - 
 31.34  24.77 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 253
[page 274]
*Working capital loan is secured by current assets (inventories, advances paid, receivables including statutory 
receivables and other current assets)
Net Debt Reconciliation 
Analysis of net debts and movement in net debts for each of the year presented: 
The details of ﬁnancial and non ﬁnancial assets pledged as security for current and non-current borrowings are 
disclosed in Note 54.   
22 Current borrowings (carried at amortised cost)  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Secured
Current maturities of long-term borrowings (Refer note 20)  22,227.89  15,310.36 
Working capital loan*  43,479.23  27,941.95 
 65,707.12  43,252.31 
Particulars  Cash 
adjustments 
 Non cash 
adjustments Amount
Net debt as on 31 March 2024  1,68,468.18 
Proceeds from Term loans (net of transaction cost)  29,930.19    -  29,930.19 
Proceeds from Vehicle loan  70.55    -  70.55 
Net increase in working capital loan  2,486.58    -  2,486.58 
Repayment of loans  (14,525.52)    -  (14,525.52)
Interest on borrowings and other charges    -  351.10  351.10 
Interest on liability component of CCPS    -  282.47  282.47 
Liability component - reversal of CCPS on conversion into equity 
shares    -  (32,095.74)  (32,095.74)
Net debt as at 31 March 2025 excluding accrued interest  1,54,967.81 
Repayment of Term loans (net of transaction cost)  (17,470.60)  (17,470.60)
Proceeds from Term loans (net of transaction cost)  4,643.60  4,643.60 
Repayment of Vehicle loan  (20.38)  (20.38)
Net increase in working capital loan  22,454.81  22,454.81 
Net debt as at 31 March 2026 excluding accrued interest  1,64,575.24 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 254
[page 275]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026    
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 23
23.1 Non-current  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Refundable deposits  0.40  0.40 
 0.40  0.40 
23.2 Current  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Interest payable  23.04  1.68 
Dues to related parties (Refer note 39(C))  168.86  2,832.13 
 476.12  401.52 
Creditors for capital goods  4,896.61  7,587.97 
Others*  9,555.06  1,683.64 
 15,119.69  12,506.94 
*The Holding Company facilitates payment to MSME vendors through the Trade Receivables Discounting 
System (TReDS) platform operated by Receivables Exchange of India Limited (RXIL). As on 31st March 2026, 
payable by holding company to RXIL is ₹ 7,508.80 lakhs. The Holding Company settles the dues with RXIL 
generally within a credit period ranging from 54 to 59 days.
24 Other Non Current Liabilities  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Deferred government grant*  724.40  760.16 
 724.40  760.16 
*The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy has issued “Waste to energy programme” under which Central 
Financial Assistance will be provided in the form of capital subsidy and Grants-in-Aid to companies for installing 
plants that produce Biogas from Industrial & Agriculture Waste. The grant has been accordingly accounted for 
in accordance with Ind AS 20 `Accounting for Government Grants’.
25 Trade payables (carried at amortised cost)  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises  2,717.83  1,339.11 
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises 
and small enterprises  24,493.58  47,231.76 
 27,211.41  48,570.87 
Particulars  31 March 2026 31 March 2025
(a) Amount remaining unpaid to any supplier at the end of each year:
Principal  2,717.83  1,339.11 
Interest    -    - 
Total  2,717.83  1,339.11 
(a) The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED 
Act, along with the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the 
appointed day during each year.
   -    - 
(b) The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making 
payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year)    -    - 
(c) The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each year.    -    - 
(d) The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the 
succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues above are actually 
paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance of a deductible 
expenditure under section 23 of the MSMED Act.
   -    - 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 255
[page 276]
31 March 2025 Outstanding for following  periods from due date of payment
Particulars Not due Less  than  1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years Total
(I) MSME    -  1,339.11    -    -    -  1,339.11 
(iii) Others  57.53  45,145.04  1,263.80  388.04  377.35  47,231.76 
 57.53  46,484.15  1,263.80  388.04  377.35  48,570.87 
31 March 2026 Outstanding for following  periods from due date of payment
Particulars Not due Less  than  1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years Total
(I) MSME    -  2,717.83    -    -    -  2,717.83 
(iii) Others  55.58  24,327.40  110.60    -    -  24,493.58 
 55.58  27,045.23  110.60    -    -  27,211.41 
26 Other current liabilities  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Statutory dues payable  145.22  191.99 
Deferred government grant  35.76  35.76 
Advance from customers    -  0.86 
Audit fee payable  50.00    - 
 230.98  228.61 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 256
Trade Payables ageing schedule 
[page 277]
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
(i) Revenue is attributable to sale of ethanol, steam, diesel and allied products and compressed biogas and it is recognised 
upon satisfaction of the performance obligations which is typically upon delivery, for Oil Marketing Companies (OMC) and 
Ex- Works, for companies other than OMCs (i.e., point in time). The Group's primary customers for ethanol and compressed 
biogas sales are public sector Oil Marketing Companies (OMC) in India.       
As of 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 there are no unsatisﬁed performance obligations or contractual liabilities.  
(ii) Revenues from customers: 4 Customers (31 March 2025: 4 Customers) represented more than 10% or more of the 
group’s revenues amounting to ₹ 1,30,921.30 lakhs (31 March 2025: ₹ 1,60,050.79 lakhs).     
* The Government of Karnataka vide its order no.CI 227 SPI 2022(e), Bengaluru dated 11-05-2023, has sanctioned special 
incentive to the holding company for their ethanol production at its plants, considering the project as Super Mega 
Enterprise under the new Industrial Policy 2020-25. On the basis of the above order, the Holding Company has submitted 
the claim application with the Department of Commerce and Industry for FY 2022-23, FY 2023-24. For FY 2024-25 and FY 
2025-26, the Holding Company will submit the claim application within the due date and management believes that there 
is reasonable assurance that it will be realised considering approvals received for earlier years. The Holding Company has 
recognized such amount receivable under the Investment subsidy scheme, being 1.75% of the eligible turnover, as 
Performance Linked Incentive ('PLI') in its books. As the PLI is directly linked to the operating sales, it is disclosed under 
the head 'other operating revenue'. 
*With respect to Term Loan 1, the Holding Company is eligible to claim interest subvention from the Department of Food & 
Public Distribution (DFPD) for the year ended 31 March 2026, as conﬁrmed by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural 
Development (NABARD). The Holding Company has received NABARD's approval with respect to claim interest subvention 
for the ﬁve-year period starting 1 April 2023.
With respect to Term Loan 2, as per the Department of Food & Public Distribution (DFPD)'s order Holding Company is regular 
in claiming interest subvention.      
**Deferred government grant of ₹ 850 lakhs (31 March 2025: 850 lakhs) recognised on a systematic basis over the useful life 
of the plant and machinery of BioCNG plant. The corresponding depreciation is appearing in Note 33.
29 Cost of material consumed  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Inventory at the beginning  of the year (Refer note 10)  5,807.11  5,697.63 
Add: Purchases  1,19,260.73  1,04,267.14 
Less: Inventory at the end of the year (Refer note 10)  19,323.77  5,807.11 
 1,05,744.07  1,04,157.66 
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026   
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 27 Revenue from operations
Revenue from contracts with customers  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Sale of goods  1,48,886.23  1,50,732.39 
Sale of traded goods  20,894.70  31,862.02 
 1,69,780.93  1,82,594.41 
Other operating revenue
Performance linked incentive*  2,571.73  6,617.66 
Provision no longer required written back  398.00  1,187.67 
Market development assistance    -  372.66 
 2,969.73  8,177.99 
Total revenue from operations  1,72,750.66  1,90,772.40 
28 Other income  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Interest subvention income*  7,247.62  5,902.39 
Net gain on sale of quoted equity investments measured at FVTPL    -  46.53 
Interest on income tax refund  11.55  18.04 
Amortisation of deferred government grant**    -  35.76 
Interest income  623.42  0.30 
Miscellaneous income  762.66  77.36 
 8,645.25  6,080.38 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 257
[page 278]
30  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Inventories at the beginning of the year
- Finished goods (Refer note 10)  14,151.56  8,869.62 
 14,151.56  8,869.62 
Less: Inventories at the end of the year
- Finished goods (Refer note 10)  28,417.12  14,151.56 
 28,417.12  14,151.56 
Net increase  (14,265.56)  (5,281.94)
31  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Salaries, wages, bonus and other allowances  4,372.30  3,651.81 
Contribution to Provident Fund and ESI  201.92  167.29 
Gratuity expenses (Refer note 38)  93.87  70.12 
Leave encashment  86.26  67.00 
Staff welfare expenses  27.34  29.54 
 4,781.69  3,985.76 
32 Finance costs  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Interest on borrowings  15,407.92  13,629.69 
Interest on liability component of CCPS 
(Refer note 17)    -  282.47 
Interest expense on lease liabilities  49.14  59.10 
Bank charges  378.10  304.77 
Interest on others  167.25  85.07 
 16,002.41  14,361.10 
33 Depreciation and amortisation expense  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment 
(Refer note 5)  7,363.90  5,443.12 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Refer note 7)  148.53  120.72 
Amortisation on intangible assets (Refer note 6)  1,110.33  1,125.53 
 8,622.76  6,689.37 
34 Other expenses  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Labour charges  27.64  21.32 
Consumption of stores & spares and consumables  4,094.57  2,600.77 
Manufacturing expenses  2,760.45  2,780.99 
Power and fuel  9,366.30  9,608.59 
Selling and distribution expenses  5,785.51  6,466.09 
Repairs and maintenance - Plant and Machinery  185.11  349.58 
Repairs and maintenance - others  373.87  92.90 
Legal and professional charges  495.31  1,269.10 
Business promotion expenses  105.71  137.00 
Rates and taxes  2,612.93  3,884.58 
Insurance expenses  342.14  205.77 
Security charges  222.07  143.50 
Travel and conveyance  782.55  474.42 
Foreign exchange loss (net)  2.73  2.65 
Corporate Social Responsibility  164.50    - 
Fair value loss on investments measured at FVTPL  29.55  3.96 
Miscellaneous expenses  196.98  668.99 
 27,547.92  28,710.21 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 258
[page 279]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 
35 Income tax and Deferred tax
Components of Deferred tax 
(A) Deferred tax Liabilities (Net)  31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Deferred tax assets
 139.76  101.17 
On unabsorbed depreciation and carry forward business losses  2,286.94  1,601.99 
On leases, net  210.07  172.69 
On security deposits, net  10.86  10.86 
On investments valued at fair value  16.08  16.08 
On borrowings  88.36  88.36 
On deferral of income from government grant  267.04  136.58 
On others  306.88  0.04 
Total Deferred tax assets  3,325.99  2,127.77 
Deferred tax liabilities
On account of business combination (Refer note no 36)  (184.44)  (184.44)
On intangible assets  (924.06)  (908.87)
On property, plant and equipment  (12,541.71)  (8,619.74)
On investments valued at fair value  (8.69)    - 
On right of use assets  (198.47)  (170.72)
On security deposits, net  (2.20)    - 
On borrowings  (293.44)    - 
On others  (246.81)  (246.81)
Total Deferred tax liabilities  (14,399.82)  (10,130.58)
Deferred tax assets/(liability), net  (11,073.83)  (8,002.81)
(B) Movement of deferred tax assets/ (liabilities) (net):  31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Opening balance as of 1 April  (8,002.81)  (10,452.38)
On Acquisition through business combination    - 
 (3,063.16)  (1,280.43)
Deferred tax on conversion of Compulsorily Convertible Preference 
Shares adjusted with retained earnings (Refer Note 17(B)(i))  3,730.13 
Tax liability recognised in OCI
-On re-measurements gain/(losses) of post-employment benefit 
obligations  (7.81)  (0.13)
Closing balance  (11,073.83)  (8,002.81)
(C) Income tax expense  31 March 2026 31 March 2025
i.
 - Current tax taxes  244.64    - 
 - Deferred tax charge  3,063.85  1,280.43 
 3,308.49  1,280.43 
ii. Other Comprehensive income 
 7.81  0.13 
Income tax recognised in restated other comprehensive income  
for the year  7.81  0.13 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 259
[page 280]
(D) Reconciliation of tax charge  31 March 2026 31 March 2025
 12,995.47  15,944.28 
Applicable tax rate  0.25  0.25 
Income tax expense at tax rates applicable  3,270.70  4,012.86 
Tax effects of:
- Corporate Social Responsibility  41.40    - 
-  Expenses not allowed as per tax rules  0.38  285.78 
- Other disallowed expenses  427.58  (61.68)
- Impact of depreciation on customer relationship not considered in tax 
WDV in earlier years  (1.19)  (2,785.48)
-  Other miscellaneous items  (430.38)  (171.05)
 3,308.49  1,280.43 
The calculation of the Group’s total tax charge involves a degree of estimation and judgement in respect of certain items 
whose tax treatment cannot be ﬁnally determined until resolution has been reached with tax authorities. Whilst the ultimate 
liability for such matters may vary from the amounts provided and is dependent upon the outcome of agreements with the 
relevant tax authorities, or litigation where appropriate, the Group continues to consider that it has made appropriate 
provision for periods which are open and not yet agreed by the tax authorities. Each year management completes a detailed 
review of uncertain tax positions across the Group and makes provisions based on the probability of the liability arising.  
36 Business combinations     
TruAlt Gas Private Limited 
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 19, 2025 has 
approved the purchase of 35,08,807 @ Rs. 24/ equity shares of TruAlt Gas Private Limited. (“TGPL ”) from its shareholder. On 
October 27, 2025, the Company acquired such shares constituting 51% of the paid-up share capital of TGPL, resulting to 
gain of control as per Ind AS 103 - Business combinations, thereby making TGPL a subsidiary of the Company. Subsequently 
infused additional capital of ₹20,00,00,000, pursuant to which the Company’s shareholding increased to 77.84% as at the 
December 15, 2025. Further, TGPL allotted 80,06,536 equity shares to Nirani Holdings Private Limited by way of right issue, 
bring down the holding of the Company again to 51%, which stands same as on the reporting date. 
37 Earnings per share      
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the proﬁt for the year attributable to equity holders by the weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing the proﬁt attributable to equity holders (after adjusting for interest and 
dividend on the compulsorily convertible preference shares) by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive 
potential equity shares into equity shares.     
The following reﬂects the income and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computations:     
*The weighted average number of equity shares and potential equity shares for diluted EPS have been computed 
considering the CCPS issued pursuant to the acquisition of the distillery business.     
**Potential equity shares are anti-dilutive hence both Basic and Diluted earnings per share are equal for previous year.  
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
 9,617.96  14,664.25 
Less: Dividend on Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (Refer note 
17(B))    -  (51.42)
 9,617.96  14,612.83 
Add: Interest on Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (Refer note 32)    -  282.47 
Add: Dividend on Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (Refer note 
17(B))    -  51.42 
 9,617.96  14,946.72 
Number of equity shares outstanding at the end of year
Weighted average number of equity shares for basic EPS  7,82,12,821  6,97,67,675 
Weighted average number of equity shares for diluted EPS*  7,82,12,821  7,06,31,624 
Basic earnings per share (₹)  12.30  20.94 
Diluted earnings per share (₹) **  12.30  20.94 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 260
[page 281]
(B) Deﬁned beneﬁt plans
Gratuity Plan   
The employees’ Gratuity Fund Scheme, which is a deﬁned beneﬁt plan, is unfunded. The gratuity plan is governed by the 
Code on Social Security, 2020. Under the gratuity plan, every employee who has completed at least ﬁve years of service 
gets a gratuity on departure at 15 days of last drawn basic salary for each completed year of service. The present value of 
obligation is determined based on actuarial valuation using the Projected Unit Credit Method, which recognises each 
period of service as giving rise to additional unit of employee beneﬁt entitlement and measures each unit separately to 
build up the ﬁnal obligation.
Aforesaid post-employment beneﬁt plans typically expose the company to actuarial risks such as:investment risk,interest 
rate risk,longevity risk and salary risk.     
Interest Risk
The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt liability is calculated using a discount rate which is determined by reference to 
market yields at the end of the reporting year on Government securities. A decrease in yields will increase the fund 
liabilities and vice-versa.     
Longevity Risk
The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality of plan 
participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will 
increase the plan's liability.     
Salary Escalation Risk
The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan participants. 
Deviation in the rate of increase of salary in future for plan participants from rate of increase in salary used to determine 
the present value of obligation will have a bearing on the plan's liability.
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026  
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 
(A) 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
During the year, the Group has recognised the following 
Employers’ Contribution to Provident Fund and Employee State 
Insurance (Refer note 31) 201.92 167.29
38 Employee benefits
i) Actuarial assumptions 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Discount rate (per annum) 7.15% 6.75%
Rate of increase in Salary 7.50% 7.50%
Expected average remaining working lives of employees 
(years) 28.11 to 29.07 28 to 30
Attrition rate 7.50% 7.50%
ii) 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Present value of obligation at the beginning of the year  186.71  117.12 
Current service cost  80.72  61.75 
   -    - 
 12.26  8.37 
Actuarial (gain)/ loss on obligations  31.01  (0.53)
Past Service cost    -    - 
On acquisition of subsidiary company    -    - 
Present value of obligation at the end of the year*  310.70  186.71 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 261
[page 282]
39 Related Party Disclosures: 
(A) Names of related parties and description of relationship as identiﬁed and certiﬁed by the Group:   
(i) KMP     
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, Managing Director
Vishal Nirani, Director     
Anand Kishore, Chief Financial Oﬃcer with effect from 19 February 2025     
Sudheer Sannapaneni, Company Secretary with effect from 01 July 2023 till 22 July 2024 and re-appointment on 13 
August 2024 till 31 May 2025     
Monu Kumar, Company Secretary with effect from 03 February 2026     
Durairaj Anand Murugan Jakkampati, Director     
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani, Director     
Chandrasekhar Kanekal, Director
vi) A quantitative sensitivity analysis for signiﬁcant assumption is as shown below:
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation (Base)
iii) 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Current service cost  80.72  61.75 
 12.26  8.36 
 92.98  70.11 
iv) Expense recognised in the Other Comprehensive Income for 
current year 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligation for the year  31.01  (0.53)
Net (Income)/Expense for the year recognised in OCI  31.01  (0.53)
v) Assets and liabilities recognised in the Balance Sheet: 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Present value of unfunded obligation as at the end of the 
year  310.70  186.71 
Unrecognised actuarial (gains)/losses    -    - 
Unfunded net (liability) recognised in Balance Sheet*  (310.70)  (186.71)
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Decrease Increase Decrease Increase
Discount rate ( +/-1)  276.91  224.41  208.59  168.34 
(% change compared to base due to 
sensitivity)
11.40% to 
13.00%
(9.60%)  to  
(10.80%)
11.60% to 
13.00%
(9.80%)  to  
(10.80%)
Salary Growth rate ( +/-1)  224.67  275.84  168.46  207.83 
(% change compared to base due to 
sensitivity)
(9.50%)  to 
(10.90%)
10.90%  to  
12.80%
(9.70%) to 
(10.90%) 11.2%  to  12.8%
Attrition Rate (- / + 50% of attrition 
rates)  260.33  237.79  200.81  175.67 
(% change compared to base due to 
sensitivity) 4.70% to 10.70% (4.20%) to 
(8.50%) 7.30% to 10.70% (5.80%) to 
(8.50%)
Mortality Rate (- / + 10% of mortality 
rates)  248.45  248.44  186.75  186.70 
(% change compared to base due to 
sensitivity) 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 
vii) (value on undiscounted basis) 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
1 Year 10.91 11.67
2-5 years 87.26 54.78
6-10 years 109.52 79.58
More than 10 years 440.25 320.25
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 262
[page 283]
Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi, Independent Director     
Yagati Badarinarayana Ramakrishna, Independent Director     
Mohith Kumar Khandelwal, Company Secretary with effect from 22 July 2024 (resignation on 13 August 2024)  
Debnath Mukhopadhyay, Chief Financial Oﬃcer with effect from 08 May 2023 up to 08 January 2025   
Deepak Kumar Company Secretary with effect from 06 September 2025 to till 28 October 2025    
(ii) Aﬃliates - Companies in which Key Management Personnel (KMP) have signiﬁcant inﬂuence:  
Badami Sugars Limited*     
Shri Sai Priya Sugars Limited*     
Nirani Sugars Limited*     
MRN Cane Power India Limited*     
Shree Kedarnath Sugar And Agro Products Limited*     
MRN Chamundi Canepower and Bioreﬁneries Private Limited*     
Nirani Holdings Private Limited     
Accutrade Global LLP     
*Pursuant to Composite scheme of amalgamation approved by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru 
Bench, on 10 January 2024, these companies have merged into MRN Chamundi Canepower and Bioreﬁneries Private 
Limited. Subsequently, MRN Chamundi Canepower and Bioreﬁneries Private Limited was converted to a public company 
MRN Chamundi Canepower and Bioreﬁneries Limited. On 15 July 2024, the name of MRN Chamundi Canepower and 
Bioreﬁneries Limited was changed to Nirani Sugars Limited.     
(B) Details of transactions with related party in the ordinary course of business 
for the year ended:
31 March 
2026
31 March 
2025
Sale of CBG, steam, diesel and chemicals
-
ies Private Limited)  10,195.11  7,730.35 
- Gail (India) Limited  2,050.16    - 
Total  12,245.28  7,730.35 
Purchase of raw materials
-
ies Private Limited)  87,877.47  1,08,130.02 
- Accutrade Global LLP  969.21    - 
Total  88,846.68  1,08,130.02 
Expenses towards secondary sale of shares
-Nirani Holdings Private Limited    -  1,507.69 
Total    -  1,507.69 
Dividend on CCPS (Refer note 17)
- Erstwhile Nirani Sugars Limited    -  8.21 
- MRN Cane Power India Limited    -  18.51 
- Shri Sai Priya Sugars Limited    -  4.73 
-Nirani Holdings Private Limited    -  11.51 
Total    -  42.96 
Remuneration paid to KMP
- Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  257.44  261.03 
- Vishal Nirani  257.44  261.03 
- Anand Kishore  62.55  16.28 
- Debnath Mukhopadhyay    -  96.64 
- Sannapaneni Sudheer  3.95  24.03 
- Durairaj Anand Murugan Jakkampati  50.48  57.06 
- Mohit Kumar Khandelwal    -  1.58 
- Monu Kumar*  15.62    - 
Total  647.49  717.65 
*KMP with effect from 19 February 2025
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 263
[page 284]
Rent expense 
- Nirani Sugars Limited (erstwhile MRN Chamundi Canepower And  37.23  13.50 
Total  37.23  13.50 
(C) Amount (due to)/from related party as on:
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Trade payables to related party 
- Nirani Sugars Limited (erstwhile MRN Chamundi Canepower And  (17,483.44)  (36,066.76)
Total  (17,483.44)  (36,066.76)
Balance dues from/(to) related parties for transactions undertaken on 
behalf of the Group 
- Nirani Sugars Limited (erstwhile MRN Chamundi Canepower And (7.19) (2,789.18)
- Nirani Holdings Private Limited  1,507.69  1,507.69 
- Gail (India) Limited  106.28    - 
Total  1,606.78  (1,281.49)
Advances to related parties
- Shri Sai Priya Sugars Limited    -  140.26 
- Nirani Sugars Limited (erstwhile MRN Chamundi Canepower And    -  1,329.05 
Total    -  1,469.31 
Loan & Advance received from Related Party
- Nirani Holdings Private Limited  440.00  241.00 
Interest accrued/paid on loans and advances received
- Nirani Holdings Private Limited  3.59  2.77 
Reimbursement of expenses
- Nirani Holdings Private Limited    -  4.43 
Other Payable to Related parties
- Nirani Holdings Private Limited    -  4.43 
Conversion of loan into Equity*
- Nirani Holdings Private Limited  247.00    - 
*loan of INR 2,41,00,000 including interest of INR 6,00,140 is converted into 
Equity
Payable to related parties
- Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  (18.65)  (27.80)
- Vishal Nirani  (18.65)  (27.80)
- Durairaj Anand Murugan Jakkampati  (9.72)  (3.44)
- Anand Kishore  (5.20)  (8.73)
- Monu Kumar  (2.31)  - 
- Rohit Jhanwar  (0.70)  (2.62)
- Sannapaneni Sudheer  -  (2.04)
Total (55.23) (72.43)
Dividend payable
- Erstwhile Nirani Sugars Limited    - (8.21)
- MRN Cane Power India Limited    - (18.51)
- Shri Sai Priya Sugars Limited    - (4.73)
- Nirani Holdings Private Limited    - (11.51)
Total    - (42.96)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 264
[page 285]
Refer Note 54 for details of share pledged by the promoters (Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, Sangamesh Rudrappa Nirani, 
Vishal Murugesh Nirani, Kamala Murigeppa Nirani, Draksyani S Nirani and Sushmita Vijay Nirani) as security for 
borrowings availed by the Group.     
(D) Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties       
1. Outstanding balances of related parties at the year-end are unsecured and settlement takes place in cash.   
2. Remuneration does not include Provision for Leave Encashment and Gratuity as it is provided in the books on the basis 
of actuarial valuation for the Group as a whole and hence individual ﬁgures cannot be identiﬁed. The amounts are not 
expected to be material.     
3. Transaction entered into with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length 
transactions.     
4. There have been no guarantees provided or received for any related party receivables or payables.   
5. For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Group has not recorded any impairment of receivables relating to amounts owed 
by related parties (31 March 2025 Nil). This assessment is undertaken each ﬁnancial year through examining the ﬁnancial 
position of the related party and the market in which the related party operates.     
6. All above ﬁgures are net of taxes wherever applicable.     
40 Segment reporting     
Revenue and expenses directly attributable to segments are reported under each reportable segment. Expenses which are 
not directly identiﬁable to each reporting segment have been allocated on the basis of associated revenue of the segment. 
All other expenses which are not attributable or allocable to segments or are non-recurring in nature have been disclosed 
as unallocable expenses.     
The assets and liabilities of the Group are used interchangeably amongst segments. Allocation of such assets and 
liabilities is not practicable and any forced allocation would not result in any meaningful segregation. Hence assets and 
liabilities have not been identiﬁed to any of the reportable segments.     
The Group operates only in one geographical segment, i.e., India. Accordingly, disclosure of geographical information as 
required under Ind AS 108 is limited to revenue generated within India.     
Summarised segment information for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, is as follows:
2025-26 Ethanol and other 
products
Compressed 
Biogas Total
Revenue from operations  1,70,502.73  2,247.93  1,72,750.66 
Segment Result  59,462.80  1,842.20  61,305.00 
Total unallocable expenses    -    -    - 
Operating income    -    -    - 
Other income  6,607.38  2,037.87  8,645.25 
 10,667.09  2,328.38  12,995.47 
Tax expense  2,929.66  378.83  3,308.49 
 7,737.43  1,949.55  9,686.98 
Depreciation and amortisation expense (unallocable)    -    -    - 
   -    -    - 
Other Information Ethanol and other 
products 
Compressed 
Biogas  Total 
Segment Assets  3,62,925.28  14,909.01  3,77,834.29 
Segment Liabilities  2,11,575.22  8,425.56  2,20,000.79 
Purchase of land
- Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  2.70    - 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 265
[page 286]
Inter segment pricing are at Arm’s length basis.     
As per Indian Accounting Standard 108 - Operating Segments, the Company has reported segment information on 
consolidated basis including businesses conducted through its subsidiaries.     
41 Disclosures of financial instruments     
The Group subsequently measured financial assets and liabilities at amortised cost and therefore there are no financial 
instruments which are subsequently measured at fair value except investments in mutual funds. The financial liabilities 
is primarily relates to floating rate borrowings. The management has assessed that fair value of financial assets and 
financial liabilities except investments in mutual funds, is not significantly different from its amortised cost.   
41.1 Financial assets and liabilities     
The following tables presents the carrying value and fair value of each of financial assets and liabilities:   
Notes:
1. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, other bank balances, trade receivables, security deposits given and other 
financial assets, trade payables, trade credits and other financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying amount 
largely due to the nature of these instruments. The Group’s borrowings have been primarily contracted at variable market 
rates of interest. Accordingly, the carrying value of such borrowings approximate fair value.
2024-25 Ethanol and other 
products
Compressed 
Biogas Total
Revenue from operations  1,88,384.32  2,388.08  1,90,772.40 
Segment Result  60,978.14  2,023.21  63,001.35 
Total unallocable expenses    -    -    - 
Operating income    -    -    - 
Other income  5,626.40  453.98  6,080.38 
 15,174.06  770.22  15,944.28 
Tax expense  1,143.25  137.18  1,280.43 
 14,030.81  633.04  14,663.85 
Depreciation and amortisation expense (unallocable)
Other Information  Ethanol and other 
products 
 Compressed 
Biogas Total
Segment Assets  2,96,841.17  6,131.92  3,02,973.09 
Segment Liabilities  2,25,126.78  946.41  2,26,073.19 
a) 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Investment in mutual funds - Unquoted  406.53  436.08 
(b) Financial assets measured at amortised cost 31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Trade receivables  40,610.83  33,926.65 
Cash and cash equivalents  8,826.02  14,977.64 
Bank balance other than Cash and Cash Equivalents  150.80    - 
 4,453.63  1,810.32 
( c) Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost* 31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Liability component of Compulsorily convertible preference 
shares (Refer note 17(B))    -    - 
Borrowings (non-current) (Refer note 20)  98,868.12  1,11,715.50 
Current maturities of long-term borrowings (Refer note 20)  22,227.89  15,310.36 
Borrowings (current) (Refer note 22)  43,479.23  27,941.95 
Trade payables (Refer note 25)  27,211.41  48,570.87 
 15,120.09  12,507.34 
* excluding lease liabilities
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 266
[page 287]
2. Investments in mutual funds is recorded at fair value. The fair values represent the Net Asset Value ("NAV") as stated by 
the issuers of these mutual fund units in the published statements. NAVs represent the price at which the issuer will issue 
further units in the mutual fund and the price at which the issuer will  redeem such units from the investors. 
3. The Company has not disclosed fair value of lease liabilities in accordance with Ind AS 107.   
41.2 Fair value measurements     
The following is the hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of ﬁnancial instruments by valuation technique: 
• Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;     
• Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement is directly 
or indirectly observable;     
• Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable.     
The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:  
   
Notes:     
1.There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year.     
2.No ﬁnancial liabilities subsequently measured at fair value.     
42 Financial risk management objectives and policies      
The Group is exposed to various ﬁnancial risks. These risks are categorized into market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. 
The Group's risk management is coordinated by the Board of Directors and focuses on securing long term and short term 
cash ﬂows. The Group does not engage in trading of ﬁnancial assets for speculative purposes.    
(A) Market risk     
Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial instrument will ﬂuctuate because of changes in 
market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risk: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk, such as equity 
price risk and commodity risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include borrowings and derivative ﬁnancial 
instruments.      
(i) Interest rate risk     
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial instrument will ﬂuctuate because of 
changes in market interest rates. The Group exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the 
Group’s long-term debt obligations with ﬂoating interest rates. The Group manages its interest rate risk by monitoring the 
variable rate loans and borrowings.      
Interest rate sensitivity     
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on that portion of loans 
and borrowings. With all other variables held constant, the Group’s proﬁt before tax is affected through the impact on 
ﬂoating rate borrowings, as follows:     
(ii) Foreign currency risk     
The Group is not exposed to signiﬁcant foreign currency risk as it does not have any material transactions, monetary 
assets, or monetary liabilities denominated in foreign currencies as at 31 March 2026. Accordingly, management 
believes that ﬂuctuations in foreign exchange rates do not have a material impact on the Company’s ﬁnancial position or 
performance.     
Financial assets/Financial liabilities Fair Value hierarchy Fair Value as at
31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Financial assets:
Investment in mutual funds - Unquoted Level 1  406.53  436.08 
Increase/ decrease in basis points
31 March 2026
₹ +40  (466.65)
₹ -40  466.65 
 31 March 2025 
₹ +40  (507.77)
₹ -40  507.77 
(ii) Foreign currency risk
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 267
[page 288]
(B) Commodity price risk
The  Group is exposed to commodity price risk as operates in production and selling of ethanol to customers. The ethanol 
prices are announced by the Central Government which are based on Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) of sugarcane, cost 
of production of sugar and realisation of by-products.  
(C) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a ﬁnancial instrument or customer contract, 
thereby leading to a ﬁnancial loss. The Group conduct thorough credit assessments before granting credit terms and limits 
to customers, who are then monitored closely for adherence. The Group's ethanol sales are primarily made to Public Oil 
Marketing Companies (“OMCs”) thereby the credit default risk is signiﬁcantly mitigated. Further, the Group keeps a close 
watch on the realisation of the outstanding amounts which are collected within 12 months and has not experienced any 
signiﬁcant default.
Financial instruments that are subject to concentrations of credit risk principally consist of trade receivables, cash and 
cash equivalents, bank deposits and other ﬁnancial assets. None of the ﬁnancial instruments of the Group result in 
material concentration of credit risk, except for trade receivables.     
Trade receivables including retention money  
Customer credit risk is managed by the Group’s established policy, procedures and control relating to customer credit risk 
management. Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on credit terms of 7 to 27 days. The Group 
follows ‘simpliﬁed approach’ for recognition of loss allowance on Trade receivables. An impairment analysis is performed 
at each reporting date on an individual basis for major customers. The calculation is based on historical data of expected 
credit loss, actual credit loss and party-wise review of credit risk. The Group does not hold collateral as security. Given that 
the trade receivables are from public sector OMC companies, no credit risk is observed and the payments are usually 
settled within one year and therefore the loss from time value of money is also not signiﬁcant. Accordingly, no loss 
allowance is computed for the year ended 31 March 2026. 
The customers retain 3% of the invoice amount which is settled at the end of the season which is typically within a year. 
Retention money that is not settled within a year is tested for impairment. 
The ageing analysis of trade receivables as of the reporting date is as follows:
(D) Liquidity risk     
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its ﬁnancial obligations as they become due. The Group 
manages its liquidity risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have suﬃcient liquidity to meet its liabilities 
when due. The Group has access to a suﬃcient variety of sources of funding and debt maturing within 12 months can be 
rolled over with existing lenders.
The table below summarises the maturity proﬁle of the Group’s ﬁnancial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted 
cash ﬂows:
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Up to 6 months  37,479.98  30,337.50 
More than 6 months  3,130.85  3,589.15 
31 March 2026 Less than 12 months 1 to 5 years More than 5 years Total
Borrowings@  34,048.86  1,12,535.18  7,555.33  1,54,139.37 
Trade payables  27,338.64  0.96    -  27,339.60 
Lease Liabilities  130.44  384.57  61.33  576.34 
 13,523.48  0.40    -  13,523.88 
 75,041.42  1,12,921.11  7,616.66  1,95,579.19 
31 March 2025 Less than 12 months 1 to 5 years More than 5 years Total
Borrowings*@  29,099.15  1,32,009.61  19,621.12  1,80,729.88 
Trade payables  48,570.87    -    -  48,570.87 
Lease Liabilities  174.34  638.66  74.00  887.00 
 12,506.94  0.40    -  12,507.34 
 90,351.30  1,32,648.67  19,695.12  2,42,695.09 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 268
[page 289]
*Borrowings is excluding CCPS - ﬁnancial liability as it will be settled by issuing variable number of equity shares (Refer 
note 17(B))The difference between carrying value of borrowings and contractual undiscounted cash ﬂows is due to EIR 
adjustment been made as per Ind AS 109.     
@Borrowings include interest payable in future reﬂecting applicable interest rates at the reporting date and these amounts 
may change as applicable interest rates change in future.
43 Title deeds of Immovable Properties not held in name of the Group     
The Group does not have any immoveable property, whose title deeds are not held in name of the Group.   
44 Details of Benami Property held
The Group does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the Group for 
holding any Benami property.     
45 Relationship  with Struck off Companies under section 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 or section 560 of Companies 
Act, 1956
The Group does not have any transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 or 
section 560 of Companies Act, 1956.     
46 Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies
The Group does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period. 
47 Utilisation of Borrowed funds and share premium:
(i) The Group has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), :
(a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identiﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the Group (Ultimate Beneﬁciaries) or
(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneﬁciaries. 
(ii) The Group has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) 
with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall:
(a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identiﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneﬁciaries) or 
(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneﬁciaries.
48 Compliance with approved scheme(s) of arrangements     
The Group has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current or previous year. 
Also refer note 36 for business combination.     
49 Compliance with number of layers of companies
The Group has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.    
50 Crypto Currency     
The Group has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the year.     
51 Wilful Defaulter     
The Group is not declared as wilful defaulter by any Bank or Financial Institution or Other lenders.    
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 269
[page 290]
53 Capital management         
For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, equity component of 
compulsorily convertible preference shares, securities premium and all other equity reserves attributable to the equity 
holders. The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to maximise the shareholder value and to ensure the 
Group's ability to continue as a going concern.        
The Group monitors gearing ratio i.e. total debt in proportion to its overall financing structure, i.e. equity and debt. Total 
debt comprises of non-current borrowings which represents liability component of Convertible Preference Shares and 
term loans from banks and financial institution. The Group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in 
the light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets.    
    
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026    
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 52 Group information
Name of the Entity Net assets (total assets-total 
liabilities)
Share in other 
comprehensive income 
Share in total 
comprehensive income 
As a % of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amounts
As a % of 
consolidated Amounts
As % of 
consolidated 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Amounts
As % of total 
comprehensive 
income
Amounts
Parent
TruAlt Bioenergy 
Limited 95.89%  1,51,350.06 82.62 %  8,003.00 99.99%  23.20 82.50 %  8,026.20 
Indian Subsidiary
Private Limited 1.33%  2,095.00 17.69 %  1,713.72 5.77 %  1.34 17.63 %  1,715.06 
TruAlt Gas Private 
Limited 1.63%  2,576.98 (1.08%)  (104.59) 0.00 %    - (1.08%)  (104.59)
Non-controlling 
interest 2.84%  4,488.76 0.95 %  92.22 0.00 %    - 0.95 %  92.22 
Total eliminations/ 
consolidation 
adjustment
(1.70%)  (2,677.30) (0.18%)  (17.38) -5.76%  (1.34) 0.00 %    - 
Total 100.00%  1,57,833.50 100.00%  9,686.98 100.00%  23.20 100.00%  9,728.90 
Name of the Entity Net assets (total assets-
total liabilities)
Share in other 
comprehensive income 
Share in total comprehensive 
income 
As a % of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amounts
As a % of 
consolidated Amounts
As % of 
consolidated 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Amounts
As % of total 
comprehensive 
income
Amounts
Parent
TruAlt Bioenergy 
Limited 99.81%  76,753.22 95.89 % 14061.53 90.01%  0.36 95.89 %  14,061.89 
Indian Subsidiary
Private Limited 1.23% 946.41 4.32 %  633.04 9.99 %  0.04 4.32 %  633.08 
Non-controlling 
interest 0.00%    - 0.00 %    - 0.00 %    - 
Total eliminations/ 
consolidation 
adjustment
(1.04%)  (799.73) (0.21%)  (30.72) 0.00 %    - (0.21%)  (30.72)
Total 100.00%  76,899.90 100.00%  14,663.85 100.00%  0.40 100.00%  14,664.25 
31 March 2026
31 March 2025
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 270
[page 291]
No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the year ended 31 March 2026 
as compared to year ended 31 March 2025.        
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Equity  8,575.26  7,063.16 
Other equity  1,43,457.92  69,836.74 
Total equity (i)  1,52,033.18  76,899.90 
Borrowings  1,64,575.24  1,54,967.81 
Less: Cash and cash equivalents  (8,826.02)  (14,977.64)
Net debt (ii)  1,55,749.22  1,39,990.17 
(iii) = (i) + (ii)  3,07,782.40  2,16,890.07 
Gearing ratio (ii)/ (iii)  0.51  0.65 
Total financing
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 271
[page 292]
54 Assets Pledged as Security
The carrying amounts of assets pledged as security for current and non-current borrowings are:
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
 Notes 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Current assets
Inventories  10  52,843.00  21,021.04 
Trade receivables  11  40,610.83  33,926.65 
Cash and cash equivalents  12  8,826.02  14,782.67 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  13  150.80    - 
Investments  8  406.53  436.08 
 14.2  1,793.62  1,515.47 
Government grant  15  12,953.65  9,561.50 
Income tax assets  -    754.96  170.98 
Other current assets  16  29,535.46  23,812.15 
Total Current assets pledged as security  1,47,874.87  1,05,226.54 
Non-Current assets
Freehold land  5  8,488.09  6,937.13 
Buildings  5  10,597.67  11,003.89 
Temporary sheds  5  5.84  14.09 
Plant and machinery  5  1,84,946.71  1,49,135.41 
 5  178.75  206.60 
 5  134.54  69.09 
Computers  5  133.15  138.98 
Vehicles  5  429.99  95.16 
 14    -  5.00 
Total Non-Current assets pledged as security  2,04,914.74  1,67,605.35 
Shares pledged*  2,229.57  1,588.00 
Total Assets pledged as security  3,55,019.18  2,74,419.89 
Notes:      
*As per the Facility Agreement dated 21 February 2023, the Company availed a term loan facility from Union Bank of 
India and India Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (collectively referred to as the “Original Lenders”), 
against which 1,56,02,293 equity shares were pledged.
Subsequently, pursuant to a new Facility Agreement dated 23 February 2024 entered into with State Bank of India and 
India Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (collectively referred to as the “New Lenders”), the said term loan 
facility was taken over by the New Lenders. Upon transition from the Original Lenders to the New Lenders, the 
1,56,02,293 equity shares previously pledged in favour of the Original Lenders were temporarily released on 14 March 
2024. Thereafter, 1,58,80,000 equity shares were pledged in favour of the New Lenders on 24 April 2024.
Pursuant to the Holding Company’s Initial Public Offering (IPO), these pledged shares were released. Subsequently, 
2,22,95,674 equity shares were pledged on 06 November 2025, 11 November 2025 and 19 November 2025 representing 
26% of the total promoter shareholding as on the date of pledge.     
Sanctioned limit with SBI, IREDA, Yes bank, Kotak Mahindra bank, Canara bank, Federal bank, IOB has been 
secured by hypothecation of ﬁrst charge on stock-in-trade, present and future, consisting of raw materials, goods 
in process of manufacturing ﬁnished goods, and other merchandise whatsoever being movable properties and all 
the debts, that is, all the book debts, outstanding's, monies receivables, claims, bills, invoice documents, contracts, 
guarantees, and rights which are now due and owing or which may at any time hereafter during the continuance of 
this security becomes due and owing to the Holding Company. 
(a)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 272
[page 293]
The loan is also supported by ﬁrst charge by way of an equitable mortgage of industrial land (by deposit of title 
deeds) and subservient charge on entire movable ﬁxed assets and current assets (present and future) of the 
borrower.      
Sanctioned limit with Canara bank has been secured by hypothecation of ﬁrst charge on immovable assets of 
Leaﬁniti Bioenergy Private Limited.      
For the loan sanctioned by NABARD to TruAlt Gas Private Limited,  ﬁrst charge on projects all the present and 
future ﬁxed assets including immovable properties, land together with all appurtenances thereon and thereunder, 
on all the present and future project's tangible movable assets, including movable plant, machinery, machinery 
spares, building, tools, and accessories, furniture, ﬁxtures, vehicles and all other movable assets; ﬁrst charge on all 
the present and future intangible assets of the project, if any, including but not limited to goodwill, rights, 
undertaking, intellectual properties and uncalled capital; ﬁrst charge on all the rights, title, interest beneﬁts, claims 
and demand whatsoever of all the borrower in the project document duly acknowledged and consented to by the 
relevant counter parties to such project documents/insurance contract/clearances, all as amended, varied or 
supplemental from time to time.
2nd charge on current assets related to the project including book debts. First charge on and cash ﬂow generated 
from the Project, commission and revenue of whatsoever nature present and future of the project.
Assignment of all Project related documents, contracts rights, interests, insurance contracts, and all beneﬁts 
incidental to Project activities present and future.
2nd charge on the working capital to the extent of working capital limit sanctioned.     
The Group does not have any undisclosed income which is not recorded in the books of account that has been 
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year ended 31 March 2026 and corresponding previous year in the tax 
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income 
Tax Act, 1961).      
56 Commitments
(b)
(c)
55  Undisclosed income
Particulars 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for (Net of Advances)  16,373.29  22,240.69 
57 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets      
The Group does not have any contingent liabilities and contingent assets as at the year end of 31 March 2026 (31 March 
2025:Nil).      
58 The Code on Social Security 2020      
On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notiﬁed the four Labour Codes - the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial 
Relations Code, 2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020, and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions 
Code, 2020 - consolidating 29 existing labour laws. The Ministry of Labour & Employment published draft Central Rules 
and FAQs to enable assessment of the ﬁnancial impact due to changes in regulations. The Group has reviewed the 
implications of these new codes and concluded that the existing compensation structure and beneﬁt practices were 
already aligned with the requirements of the code on Social Security 2020 prior to its enforcement. Accordingly, no 
additional impact arising from implementation of the code has been determined. The Group continues to monitor the 
ﬁnalisation of Central / State Rules and clariﬁcations from the Government on other aspects of the Labour Code and 
would provide appropriate accounting effect based on such developments as needed.     
59 Subsequent events      
Pursuant to the joint venture agreement entered into with Sumitomo Corporation on November 11, 2025, under which 
Sumitomo Corporation was to acquire a 49% equity interest in a Subsidary Company, Sumitomo Corporation on April 16, 
2026, acquired from Nirani Holdings Private Limited 1,13,77,743 equity shares of TruAlt Gas Private Limited at a price 
of ₹ 30.90 per equity share, pursuant to which its holding in TruAlt Gas Private Limited stood at 49%. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 273
[page 294]
As per our report of even date
For N. M. Raiji & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. : 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership No. : 039434
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited     
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978    
    
    
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani          
Managing Director          
DIN: 07413777          
    
    
Anand Kishore            
Chief Financial Oﬃcer           
              
Place: Bengaluru    
Date: 22 May 2026    
    
Vishal  Nirani 
Director 
DIN: 08434032 
Monu Kumar
Company Secretary
Membership No: A38853
Under the terms of the J.V., TruAlt Gas Private Limited proposes to establish compressed biogas (“CBG”) plants at ﬁve 
identiﬁed locations, of which construction has commenced at three sites, one of which are expected to be 
commissioned in the second quarter of ﬁnancial year 2027 and remaining in the third quarter of ﬁnancial year 2027. 
60 The Holding Company is in the process of carrying out componentisation of certain items of Property, Plant and 
Equipment relating to 3 distillery units which were converted from mono feed to dual feed in the month of November 
2025, January 2026 and February 2026 respectively for each of the distillery in accordance with the requirements of the 
Indian Accounting Standard 16. Considering the size, complexity, and technical nature of the project, the exercise 
involves detailed technical evaluation and identiﬁcation of signiﬁcant components. The management expects to 
complete the componentisation exercise by June 30, 2026.
61 Initial  Public Offerings (IPO)
Pursuant to the successful closure of the Holding Company's IPO which was oversubscribed by 75.02 times, the Holding 
Company on September 30, 2025, allotted 1,51,20,967 equity shares of face value of ₹ 10 each, amounting to ₹ 
15,12,09,670 and Securities Premium of ₹ 486 per equity share amounting to ₹ 734,87,89,962. The equity shares of the 
Holding Company were listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE) on October 
3, 2025. Below is the summary of utilisation of the IPO proceeds towards the objects of the fresh issue for the year 
ended March 31, 2026, based on actual utilisation of the funds pursuant to the IPO. 
As at 31 March 2026, unutilised IPO proceeds aggregated to ₹2,979 lakhs. Of this amount, ₹1,925 lakhs were maintained 
in the IPO Public Issue Account and ₹1,054 lakhs were held in the IPO Monitoring Account.    
62 Figures for previous year have been regrouped / reclassiﬁed wherever considered necessary and are not material to 
these consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
S.No Item Head Amount as proposed 
in the offer document
Amount utilised upto 
31 March 2026
Total Unutilised 
Amount
1 For Capex 15,068 14,014 1,054
2 For Working Capital 42,500 42,500 -
3 For General Corporate Purpose 8,136 8,136 -
4 For Issue Expenses 9,296 7,371 1,925
Total 75,000 72,021 2,979
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 274
[page 295]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 275
[page 296]
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 276
STANDALONE 
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
[page 297]
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone ﬁnancial statements of TruAlt Bioenergy Limited (“the 
Company”), which comprise the standalone Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the standalone Statement of 
Proﬁt and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), standalone statement of Cash Flows and the 
standalone Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended, and notes to the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements, including the material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred 
to as “the standalone ﬁnancial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
standalone ﬁnancial Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), in the 
manner so required and give a true and fair view, in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards 
prescribed under section 133 of the Act, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, 
as amended (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the 
Company as at March 31, 2026, its proﬁt and total comprehensive income, its cash ﬂows and changes in 
equity for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone ﬁnancial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
(SAs) speciﬁed under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our 
report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), together with the independence requirements that are relevant to our 
audit of the standalone ﬁnancial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made there under, 
and we have fulﬁlled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s 
Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion on the standalone ﬁnancial statements.
Emphasis of Matter
In respect of the expansion of three distilleries of the Company from mono feed to dual feed, undertaken under 
turnkey contracts and completed during November 2025, January 2026 and February 2026 respectively, the 
componentization of assets in accordance with Ind AS 16 – Property, Plant and Equipment is in progress. 
Consequently, the updating of the ﬁxed asset register is pending [Refer note no. 59 to the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements].
Our opinion is not modiﬁed in respect of the said matter.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most signiﬁcance in our audit 
of the standalone ﬁnancial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the standalone ﬁnancial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matter We have determined the matters described below to be the key 
audit matters to be communicated in our report.
TO THE MEMBERS OF TRUALT BIOENERGY LIMITED
Report on the audit of Standalone Financial Statements
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 277
[page 298]
Information Other than the Standalone Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The other 
information comprises the information included in the Company’s annual report but does not include the 
standalone ﬁnancial statements and the auditor’s report(s) thereon. The Company’s annual report is expected 
to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report. Our opinion on the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements does not cover the other information and we will not express any form of assurance conclusion 
thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the standalone ﬁnancial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information identiﬁed above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other 
information is materially inconsistent with the standalone ﬁnancial statements or our knowledge obtained in 
the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. 
The Annual Report has not been provided to us as at the date of this report. When it is subsequently provided, 
and if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we shall communicate the matter to those 
charged with governance of the Company.
SN Key Audit Matter Auditor Response
1. Valuation of Inventories
The Company has considerable inventory balance 
as at March 31, 2026. The inventory is valued at the 
lower of cost or net realizable value. 
Inventory management, stocktaking routines and 
costing of inventories are underlying key factors 
in determining the value of inventories. Due to 
complexity of the inventory valuation calculations, 
the valuation of inventories is considered as a key 
audit matter.
statements.
Audit Procedures
Our audit procedures related to valuation of inventories 
included: 
• Evaluating the appropriateness of the accounting 
policies applied by reference to Ind AS.
• Assessing functionality of the key IT systems of 
inventory management.
• Testing of controls over inventory management and 
accuracy of inventory amounts.
• Performing substantive audit procedures for testing 
the accuracy of inventory valuation at the lower of 
cost or net realization value, at the reporting date, 
by testing selected inventory items to relevant 
components of valuation.
2. Revenue Recognition as per Ind AS 115
Refer note no. 26 to the Standalone Financial 
Statements.
Audit Procedures
 
of distinct performance obligations included the 
following, among others:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls relating 
obligations.
• We selected a sample of contracts with customers 
and performed the following procedures: (a) 
obtained and read contract documents for each 
selection, including master service agreements and 
other documents that were part of the agreement; 
in the contract to assess management’s conclusions 
obligations.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 278
[page 299]
Responsibilities of Management and Board of Directors for the Standalone Financial Statements 
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) 
of the Act, with respect to the preparation of the standalone ﬁnancial statements that give a true and fair view 
of the state of affairs, proﬁt/ loss and comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash ﬂows of the 
Company, in accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting principles generally accepted in India. This 
responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of 
the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other 
irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates 
that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal ﬁnancial 
controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the standalone ﬁnancial statements that give a true 
and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone ﬁnancial statements, management and Board of Directors are responsible for 
assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting, unless the Board of Directors either intends 
to liquidate the Company or cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors are responsible for overseeing the Company’s ﬁnancial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone ﬁnancial statements, as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to inﬂuence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone 
ﬁnancial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone ﬁnancial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit 
evidence that is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a 
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;
• Obtain an understanding of internal ﬁnancial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also 
responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has an adequate internal ﬁnancial 
controls system with reference to ﬁnancial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such 
controls;
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by Management and Board of Directors;
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management’s and Board of Directors use of the going concern 
basis of accounting in preparation of standalone ﬁnancial statements and, based on the audit evidence 
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast signiﬁcant 
doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty 
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone 
ﬁnancial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern; and
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 279
[page 300]
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone ﬁnancial statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the standalone ﬁnancial statements represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and signiﬁcant audit ﬁndings, including any signiﬁcant deﬁciencies in internal control that 
we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were 
of most signiﬁcance in the audit of the standalone ﬁnancial statements of the current period and are, therefore, 
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report, unless law or regulation precludes 
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably 
be expected to outweigh the public interest beneﬁts of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
a. We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which, to the best of our knowledge 
and belief, were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
b. In our opinion, proper books of account, as required by law, have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books.
c. The standalone Balance Sheet, the standalone Statement of Proﬁt and Loss, (including Other 
Comprehensive Income), standalone Statement of Cash Flows and standalone Statement of Changes 
in Equity, dealt with by this Report, are in agreement with the books of account.
d. In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone ﬁnancial statements comply with the Indian Accounting 
Standards speciﬁed under Section 133 of the Act, as applicable.
e. On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2026, and taken 
on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors are disqualiﬁed as on March 31, 2026, from 
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
f. With respect to the adequacy of the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting of the Company 
and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A”. Our report 
expresses an unmodiﬁed opinion on adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal 
ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting.
g. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report, in accordance with the 
requirements of Section 197(16) of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the Company to its 
directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the Act.
h. (h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given to us:
i. The Company has no pending litigations as at March 31, 2026.
ii. The Company did not have any long term contracts, including derivative contracts, for which there 
were material foreseeable losses.
iii. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2026.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 280
[page 301]
(a) The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from 
borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any 
other person or entity, including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identiﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company 
(“Ultimate Beneﬁciaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like, on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneﬁciaries.
(b) The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person 
or entity, including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identiﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneﬁciaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneﬁciaries.
(c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations 
under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material 
misstatement.
v. The Company has not declared or paid any dividend in the current year. Hence the question of 
compliance with section 123 of the Act does not arise.
vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting software for 
maintaining its books of account, which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the 
same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software systems. 
Further, during the course of audit, we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being 
tampered with. Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory 
requirements for record retention.
2. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government 
of India, in terms of sub section (11) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013, we give in the “Annexure B” a 
statement on the matters speciﬁed in paragraph 3 and 4 of the Order.
For N. M. Raiji & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 108296W
   
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership Number: 039434
UDIN: 26039434ZYGCTH4727
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 22, 2026
iv.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 281
[page 302]
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT OF EVEN DATE ON THE STANDALONE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF TRUALT BIOENERGY LIMITED 
(Referred to in Paragraph 1 point (f) under the heading of “Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements” of our report of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting under Clause(i) of Sub-section 3 of 
Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting of TruAlt Bioenergy Limited (“the 
Company”) as at March 31, 2026, in conjunction with our audit of the standalone ﬁnancial statements of the 
Company for the year ended on that date.
Management’s and Board of Director’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management and board of directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal 
ﬁnancial controls, based on the internal control over ﬁnancial reporting criteria established by the Company, 
considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls over Financial Reporting, issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“the 
Guidance Note”). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal ﬁnancial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and eﬃcient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and 
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable ﬁnancial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”).
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting 
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards on 
Auditing prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal ﬁnancial 
controls with reference to ﬁnancial statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we 
comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting were established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal ﬁnancial controls over 
ﬁnancial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting, 
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s 
judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the Company’s internal ﬁnancial controls system over ﬁnancial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
A company's internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of standalone ﬁnancial 
statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's 
internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as 
necessary to permit preparation of standalone ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles,
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 282
[page 303]
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a 
material effect on the standalone ﬁnancial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal ﬁnancial controls over 
ﬁnancial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial 
reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us, the Company has, 
in all material respects, an adequate internal ﬁnancial controls system over ﬁnancial reporting and such 
internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on 
the internal control over ﬁnancial reporting criteria established by the Company, considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over 
Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
For N. M. Raiji & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership Number: 039434
UDIN: 26039434ZYGCTH4727
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 22, 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 283
[page 304]
ANNEXURE - B TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT OF EVEN DATE ON THE STANDALONE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF TRUALT BIOENERGY LIMITED 
(Referred to in Paragraph 2 under the heading of “Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements” of our 
report of even date)
i. (a) (A) The Company is in the process of preparing the ﬁxed asset register showing full particulars, including 
quantitative details and situation of Property, Plant and Equipment particularly on account of the 
componentization activity being in progress (refer para on Emphasis of Matter for details). 
(B) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
(b) The Company has a program of veriﬁcation to cover all the items of Property, Plant & Equipment and Right 
of use assets, in a phased manner once in three years, which, in our opinion, is commensurate with the size of 
the Company and the nature of its assets. 
(c) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the title deeds of immovable properties (other than immovable properties where the 
Company is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) disclosed in the 
standalone ﬁnancial statements are held in the name of the Company. 
(d) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right of 
Use assets) or intangible assets or both during the year. Accordingly, reporting under clause (i)(d) of paragraph 
3 of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(e) According to the information and explanations given to us, and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, there are no proceedings which have been initiated or are pending against the 
Company for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) 
and rules made thereunder.
ii. (a) Inventory have been physically veriﬁed during the year by the management. In our opinion, the frequency 
of veriﬁcation is reasonable. No discrepancies were noticed on physical veriﬁcation of stocks and the book 
records that were more than 10% in the aggregate of each class of inventory.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the Company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of ﬁve crores, in 
aggregate, from banks on the basis of security of current assets. In our opinion, the quarterly returns or 
statements ﬁled by the Company with such banks is in agreement with the books of account of the Company. 
The Company has not been sanctioned any working capital limit from ﬁnancial institutions.
iii. (a) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records 
of the Company, the Company has provided guarantee, security and has made investment in a subsidiary in 
respect of which the requisite information is given in (A) below. 
(A) Based on the audit procedures carried out by us, and as per the information and explanations given to us, 
the Company has provided a guarantee, security and has made an investment as stated below: 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 284
[page 305]
Particulars Guarantee Security
Aggregate amount of guarantee 
provided during the year 
- NABARD (On behalf of TruAlt  
Gas Private Limited, Subsidiary)
18,000* -
Aggregate amount of security  
provided during the year by way  
of pledge of shares of TruAlt  
Gas Private Limited
-NABARD
- 429.48
Balance outstanding as at  
balance sheet date in respect  
of above cases
18,000* 429.48
Particulars Amount
Acquisition of 35,08,807 equity shares of TruAlt Gas Private Limited  
resulting in acquisition of 51% stake and control over the entity 842.11
Subscription to rights issue shares of TruAlt Gas Private Limited 2,000.00
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases 2,842.11
* The Company has provided a corporate guarantee for the sanction amount of ₹18,000 lakhs, however, the 
total disbursement out of the sanction amount as on March 31, 2026 is Rs. 4,666 Lakhs.
Details of investments made by the Company in its subsidiary during the year and balance outstanding as on 
the balance sheet date below:     
The Company has not granted any advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured to subsidiaries, joint 
ventures and associates during the year.
(B) Further, there are no loans or advances and guarantees or security given to parties other than subsidiaries, 
joint ventures and associates during the year, hence reporting under this clause is not applicable.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit procedures conducted by 
us, in our opinion the investments made during the year are, prima facie, not prejudicial to the interest of the 
Company. 
(c) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, in the case of loans given, in our opinion the principal amount is repayable on demand and 
payment of interest has been stipulated and the receipts have been regular.
(d) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, there is no overdue amount for more than ninety days in respect of loans given.
(e) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, there is no loan or advance in the nature of loan granted falling due during the year, which has 
been renewed or extended or fresh loans granted to settle the overdue of existing loans given to same parties.
(f) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, the Company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable on 
demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment. 
( ₹ in Lakhs)
( ₹ in Lakhs)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 285
[page 306]
iv. According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of 
the Company, in our opinion, the Company has complied with the provisions of Section 186 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 in respect of investments made and guarantees and securities provided during the year. According 
to the information and explanations provided to us and based on our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not granted any loans, provided any guarantees, or offered any securities to 
parties covered under Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, the provisions of Section 185 are 
not applicable to the Company.
v. According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any deposits 
during the year. Accordingly, reporting under clause (v) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company.  
vi. We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company pursuant to the rules 
prescribed by the Central Government for maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) of the Act, in 
respect of its manufactured goods and services provided by it, and are of the opinion that prima facie, the 
prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained. However, we have not carried out a detailed 
examination of the records with a view to determine whether these are accurate or complete.
vii. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the books 
of account, in respect of statutory dues:
(a) The Company has generally been regular in depositing with the appropriate authorities undisputed 
statutory dues, including provident fund, employees' state insurance, income tax, customs duty, goods and 
service tax, cess and other statutory dues, applicable to it, with the appropriate authorities. 
There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of the above statutory dues in arrears as at March 
31, 2026, for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.
(b) According to the information and explanation given to us and the records of the Company examined by 
us, there are no dues of income tax, goods and service tax, customs duty, cess and any other statutory dues 
which have not been deposited on account of any dispute.
viii. According to the information and explanation given to us, there were no transactions relating to previously 
unrecorded income that have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments 
under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
(a) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans and borrowing or in the 
payment of interest thereon to any lender.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the Company has not been declared a willful defaulter by any bank or ﬁnancial 
institution or government or any government authority.
(c) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our audit procedures, the term 
loans obtained by the Company during the year were applied for the purposes for which such loans were 
obtained. 
(d)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on an overall examination of the 
standalone ﬁnancial statements of the Company, we report that no funds raised on short-term basis have 
been used for long-term purposes by the Company. Accordingly, reporting under clause (ix)(d) of paragraph 
3 of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(e)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on an overall examination of the 
standalone ﬁnancial statements of the Company, we report that the Company has not taken any funds from 
any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or joint 
ventures.
f) According to the information and explanations given to us and procedures performed by us, we report 
that the Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, 
joint ventures or associate companies.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 286
ix.
[page 307]
(a) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has raised 
funds by way of Initial Public Offer (IPO) during the year and the same have been applied for the purposes 
for which they were raised. Out of the total IPO proceeds of ₹ 75,000 lakhs, an amount of ₹ 2,979 lakhs 
remained unutilized as at March 31, 2026. (Refer Note No. 60 Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements).
(b) During the year the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or 
fully or partly convertible debentures during the year. Accordingly, reporting under clause (x)(b) of 
paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(a) During the course of our examination of the books and records of the Company and according to the 
information and explanations given to us, considering the principles of materiality outlined in Standards on 
Auditing, we report that no fraud by the Company or on the Company has been noticed or reported during 
the year.
(b) Consequently, no report under sub-Section (12) of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013, has been 
ﬁled in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014 with the 
Central Government, during the year and up to the date of this report.
(c)To the best of our knowledge and according to the information and explanations given to us, a 
whistle-blower complaint was received by the Company and subsequently withdrawn. Further, there are no 
pending complaints as on the balance sheet date.
xii.In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi 
Company. Accordingly reporting under clause (xii) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company.
xiii.In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, all transactions with related 
parties are in compliance with section 177 and 188 of Companies Act, 2013, where applicable, and 
corresponding details have been disclosed in the standalone ﬁnancial statements, as required by the 
applicable Indian Accounting Standards. (Refer Note No. 38 in Notes to standalone ﬁnancial statements)
a) In our opinion, the Company has an adequate internal audit system commensurate 
     with the size and the nature of its business.
b) We have considered the internal audit reports of the company issued till date, for the period under audit.
xv.In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not entered 
into non-cash transactions with its directors or persons connected with its directors; hence provisions of 
section 192 of the Act are not applicable. Accordingly, reporting under clause (xv) of paragraph 3 of the Order 
is not applicable to the Company.
xvi.To the best of our knowledge and belief, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA 
of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, reporting under clause (xvi) (a), (b), (c) and (d) of 
paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
xvii.The Company has not incurred cash losses during the year and the immediately preceding ﬁnancial year.
xviii.There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(xviii) of the 
Order is not applicable.
xix.In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, on the basis of the ﬁnancial 
ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of ﬁnancial assets and payment of ﬁnancial liabilities, other 
information accompanying the standalone ﬁnancial statements, our knowledge of the plans of the Board of 
Directors and management and based on our examination of evidence and supporting the assumptions, 
x.
xi.
xiv.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 287
[page 308]
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that material uncertainty exists as on the date 
of the audit report that the Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of Balance 
Sheet, as and when they fall due, within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We further state that 
our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any 
assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get 
discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
(a) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there is no unspent 
amount under sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the Act pursuant to any project other than ongoing 
projects.
(b) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, with respect to transfer of 
funds by the Company to implementing agencies for designated multiyear projects undertaken through 
them, there is no unspent amount under sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the Act pursuant to ongoing 
projects.
For N. M. Raiji & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership Number: 039434
UDIN: 26039434ZYGCTH4727
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 22, 2026
xx.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 288
[page 309]
Particulars Notes As at
31 March  2026
 As at 
 31 March  2025 
ASSETS
Non-Current Assets
Property, Plant and Equipment 5  1,99,170.47  1,63,415.89 
Capital Work-in-Progress 5  2,279.73  277.63 
Goodwill 6  4,786.18  4,786.18 
Other Intangible Assets 6  7,190.38  8,296.39 
Right-of-use Assets 7  529.81  678.34 
Financial Assets
Investments 8  4,533.63  1,691.52 
Other Financial Assets 15.1  2,328.11  204.35 
Other Non-Current Assets 10  165.67  13,696.23 
Total Non-Current Assets  2,20,983.98  1,93,046.53 
Current Assets
Inventories 11  52,182.71  20,420.23 
Financial Assets
Investments 8  406.53  436.08 
Loans 9  250.00  250.00 
Trade Receivables 12  40,586.96  33,780.40 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 13  4,805.55  14,782.67 
Bank Balances Other than Cash and Cash 
Equivalents
14  150.80    - 
Other Financial Assets 15.2  1,693.52  1,515.47 
Government Grant 16  12,353.05  9,561.50 
Income Tax Assets (net)  725.36  170.98 
Other Current Assets 17  28,786.82  23,812.15 
Total Current Assets  1,41,941.30  1,04,729.48 
TOTAL ASSETS  3,62,925.28  2,97,776.01 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Equity Share Capital 18  8,575.26  7,063.16 
Other Equity 19  1,42,774.81  69,690.06 
Total Equity  1,51,350.07  76,753.22 
Liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings 20  93,030.81  1,10,286.41 
Lease Liabilities 7  403.55  519.70 
Other Financial Liabilities 23.1  0.40  0.40 
Provisions 21  430.95  308.18 
Deferred Tax Liability (net) 34  10,718.76  7,767.16 
Total Non-Current Liabilities  1,04,584.47  1,18,881.85 
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Standalone Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2026
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 289
[page 310]
Current Liabilities
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings 22  65,015.42  42,958.31 
Lease Liabilities 7  172.33  166.46 
Trade Payables 24
(i) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and 
small enterprises  2,717.76  1,338.86 
(ii) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than 
micro enterprise and small enterprise  24,257.49  45,488.04 
Other Financial Liabilities 23.2  14,619.46  11,981.78 
Other Current Liabilities 25  178.48  183.33 
Provisions 21  29.80  24.16 
Total Current Liabilities  1,06,990.74  1,02,140.94 
Total Liabilities  2,11,575.21  2,21,022.79 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  3,62,925.28  2,97,776.01 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the standalone ﬁnancial statements.     
As per our report of even date
For N. M. Raiji & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. : 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership No. : 039434
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited     
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978    
    
    
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani          
Managing Director          
DIN: 07413777          
    
    
Anand Kishore            
Chief Financial Oﬃcer           
              
Place: Bengaluru    
Date: 22 May 2026    
    
Vishal  Nirani 
Director 
DIN: 08434032 
Monu Kumar
Company Secretary
Membership No: A38853
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 290
[page 311]
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited 
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978
 
  
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani
Managing Director
DIN: 07413777
Anand Kishore
Chief Financial Oﬃcer
   
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
Vishal  Nirani  
Director  
DIN: 08434032  
 
 
Monu Kumar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: A38853 
 
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Standalone Statement of Proﬁt and Loss for the year ended 31 March  2026
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Notes As at
31 March  2026
 As at 
 31 March  2025 
Income
Revenue From Operations 26  1,70,465.34  1,88,011.66 
Other Income 27  6,828.35  6,058.94 
Total income  1,77,293.69  1,94,070.60 
Expenses
Cost of Materials Consumed 28  1,08,031.39  1,03,573.70 
Purchase of Stock-in-Trade  19,967.15  28,286.34 
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods 29  (17,089.29)  (5,062.84)
30  4,494.32  3,715.13 
Finance Costs 31  15,785.20  14,103.64 
Depreciation and Amortization Expense 32  8,409.08  6,459.57 
Other Expenses 33  26,748.36  27,779.95 
Total expenses
Profit before tax
 1,66,346.21  1,78,855.49 
 10,947.48  15,215.11 
Tax expense
Current Tax 34    -    - 
Deferred Tax 34  2,944.48  1,153.58 
Total tax expense  2,944.48  1,153.58 
 8,003.00  14,061.53 
Other comprehensive income
37  31.01  0.48 
Income Tax Effect on The Above  (7.81)  (0.12)
Total other comprehensive income  23.20  0.36 
Total comprehensive income for the year  8,026.20  14,061.89 
Earnings per share (Face value of ₹10/- each)
Basic (in ₹ per share) 36  10.23  20.08 
Diluted (in ₹ per share) 36  10.23  20.08 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the standalone ﬁnancial statements.
As per our report of even date
For N. M. Raiji & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. : 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership No. : 039434
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 291
[page 312]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Standalone Statement of cash ﬂows for the year ended 31 March 2026 
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated) 
Particulars Year ended
31 March  2026
 Year ended 
 31 March  2025 
A
 10,947.48  15,215.11 
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation expense  8,409.08  6,459.57 
Interest income  (647.08)  (17.93)
Finance costs  15,785.20  14,103.64 
Unwinding of discount on security deposits at amortised cost  (8.73)  (6.67)
Net gain on sale of quoted equity investments measured at FVTPL    -  (46.53)
Unrealised fair value loss on investments measured at FVTPL  29.55  3.96 
Unrealised forex loss    -  2.65 
Provision no longer required written back  (207.13)  (1,187.67)
 34,308.37  34,526.13 
Changes in working capital
Increase / (Decrease) in trade payables  (19,851.65)  33,061.84 
(Increase) in inventories  (31,762.48)  (4,868.85)
(Increase) in trade receivables  (6,806.56)  (4,087.61)
Increase/ (Decrease) in other current liabilities  (4.88)  44.29 
(Increase) in Government grant  (2,791.55)  (4,562.18)
 2,637.68  (5,846.70)
 (181.50)  (1,105.23)
(Increase) in other assets  (4,974.67)  (13,982.21)
Increase in provisions  366.56  126.68 
Cash generated from / (used in) operations  (29,060.68)  33,306.16 
Income tax (paid) / refund  (554.36)  226.14 
 (29,615.04)  33,532.30 
B
Purchase of property plant and equipment including capital work in  
progress (net of capital advance)  (31,450.05)  (25,938.85)
Sale of property plant and equipment including capital work in  
progress  69.20    - 
Prepayments towards acquisition of right of use asset (land)    -  (10.00)
Loan given to subsidiary    -  (250.00)
Investment in mutual funds    -  559.98 
Investment in bank deposits  (2,262.79)  (107.13)
Interest income  647.08  17.93 
Sale of investment in shares    -  137.01 
Purchase of investment in shares  (2,842.11)  (90.48)
 (35,838.67)  (25,681.54)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 292
[page 313]
C
Proceeds from issuance of equity share capital  66,570.56    - 
Proceeds from long term borrowings (net of transaction cost)    -  30,000.74 
Proceeds from short term borrowings  22,057.11  2,486.58 
Repayment of long term borrowings  (17,255.60)  (13,504.62)
Payment  of principal portion of lease liabilities  (110.28)  (53.10)
Payment of interest portion of lease liabilities  (49.14)  (59.10)
Interest Paid  (15,736.06)  (13,676.68)
 55,476.59  5,193.82 
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  (9,977.12)  13,044.58 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  14,782.67  1,738.09 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  4,805.55  14,782.67 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Refer note 13)
Balances with banks
On current accounts  4,208.59  3,479.38 
Debit balance in Cash Credit accounts  596.96    - 
Fixed deposits with maturity of less than 3 months    -  11,303.29 
Total cash and bank balances at end of the year  4,805.55  14,782.67 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited  
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978 
 
 
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani 
Managing Director 
DIN: 07413777 
 
 
Anand Kishore 
Chief Financial Oﬃcer 
 
Place: Bengaluru 
Date: 22 May 2026 
Vishal  Nirani 
Director 
DIN: 08434032 
Monu Kumar
Company Secretary
Membership No: A38853
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the standalone ﬁnancial statements.
As per our report of even date
For N. M. Raiji & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. : 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership No. : 039434
Date: 22 May 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 293
[page 314]
Note: Securities premium received through  initial public offering was ₹ 73,488.90 lakhs, Out of which, Initial public offering 
expenses  ₹ 8,429.35 lakhs were set aside for issue expenses. Net amount of securities premium is ₹ 65,058.55 lakhs. 
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Standalone Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 March  2026  
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)  
  
 
(B) Other Equity
For the year ended 31 March  2026
Particulars
Equity Component of 
Compound Financial 
Instruments
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earnings
Total Other 
Equity
Balance as at 1 April 2025    -  45,963.42  23,726.64  69,690.06 
   -    -  8,003.00  8,003.00 
Other comprehensive income 
for the year    -    -  23.20  23.20 
Total Comprehensive Income 
for the year    -    -  8,026.20  8,026.20 
Issue of equity shares pursuant 
to initial public offering    -  65,058.55    -  65,058.55 
Balance as at 31 March  2026    -  1,11,021.97  31,752.84  1,42,774.81 
(A) Equity Share Capital
For the year ended  31 March  2026 
Equity shares of ₹ 10 each issued, subscribed and fully paid No. of shares Amount 
Balance as at 1 April 2025  7,06,31,624  7,063.16 
Changes in equity share capital during the year  1,51,20,967  1,512.10 
Balance as at 31 March  2026  8,57,52,591  8,575.26 
For the year ended  31 March  2025 
Equity shares of ₹ 10 each issued, subscribed and fully paid No. of shares Amount 
Balance as at 1 April 2024  6,10,75,820  6,107.58 
Changes in equity share capital during the year  95,55,804  955.58 
Balance as at 31 March  2025  7,06,31,624  7,063.16 
For the year ended 31 March  2025
Particulars
Equity Component of 
Compound Financial 
Instruments
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earnings
Total Other 
Equity
Balance as at 1 April 2024  14,690.38    -  6,118.38  20,808.76 
   -    -  14,061.53  14,061.53 
Other comprehensive income for the year    -    -  0.36  0.36 
Total Comprehensive Income for the year    -    -  14,061.89  14,061.89 
Dividend on Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (Refer note 18(B))    -    -  (51.42)  (51.42)
On conversion of Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (Refer note 18(B)(i))  (14,690.38)  45,963.42  3,597.79  34,870.83 
Balance as at 31 March  2025    -  45,963.42  23,726.64  69,690.06 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 294
[page 315]
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited  
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978 
 
 
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani 
Managing Director 
DIN: 07413777 
 
 
Anand Kishore 
Chief Financial Oﬃcer 
 
Place: Bengaluru 
Date: 22 May 2026 
Vishal  Nirani 
Director 
DIN: 08434032 
Monu Kumar
Company Secretary
Membership No: A38853
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the standalone ﬁnancial statements.
As per our report of even date
For N. M. Raiji & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. : 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership No. : 039434
Place: Bengaluru 
Date: 22 May 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 295
[page 316]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026    
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 1 Corporate Information
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited (the ""Company"") is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled in India. The 
address of its registered oﬃce is Survey No. 166, Kulali Cross, Jamkhandi Mudhol Road, Mudhol, Karnataka.  The 
Company is primarily engaged in the business of producing ethanol and other products derived from distillery 
processes. The company is listed in Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange on 03 October 2025. The 
standalone ﬁnancial statements were approved by the Board of Directors for issuance on May 22, 2026.
2 Material Accounting Policy Information
Material accounting policies adopted by the Company are as under:
2.1 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements
(a) Statement of Compliance with Ind AS     
These standalone ﬁnancial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) notiﬁed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the "Act") read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended from time to time.
(b) Basis of Preparation 
The standalone ﬁnancial statements have been prepared on a historical cost convention, using the accrual basis of 
accounting, except for the following material items that have been measured at fair value, as required by the 
relevant Ind AS:
i. Certain ﬁnancial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value (refer accounting policy on ﬁnancial 
instruments)
ii. Employee deﬁned beneﬁt assets/(obligations)are recognised as the net total of the fair value of plan assets, 
plus actuarial losses, less actuarial gains and the present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt obligations.
iii. Accounting for business combination as set out in note 35.   
(c) Use of Estimates
In preparation of these standalone ﬁnancial statements, management has made  judgements, estimates and 
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, 
income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revision to accounting estimates are 
recognised prospectively. Refer note 3 for details of the key estimates and judgments.
2.2 Summary of Material Accounting Policies         
(a)  Business Combination and Goodwill
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as 
the aggregate of the consideration transferred measured, at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any 
non-controlling interest (NCI) in the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as and when they are incurred.
At the acquisition date, the identiﬁable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their 
acquisition date fair values.
If the business combination is achieved in stages, any previously held equity interest is re-measured at its 
acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss. 
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the 
amount recognised for non-controlling interests, and any previous interest held, over the net identiﬁable assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate 
consideration transferred, the Company re-assesses whether it has correctly identiﬁed all of the assets acquired 
and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognised at the 
acquisition date. If the reassessment still results in an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the 
aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is recognised in other comprehensive income (OCI) and 
accumulated in equity as Capital Reserve.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 296
[page 317]
However, if there is no clear evidence of bargain purchase, the entity recognises the gain directly in equity as Capital 
Reserve, without routing the same through OCI. 
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of 
impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of 
the Company’s cash-generating units that are expected to beneﬁt from the combination, irrespective of whether 
other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.     
A cash generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently 
when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit is 
less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated ﬁrst to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill 
allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata based on the carrying amount of each asset in 
the unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognised in Statement of Proﬁt and Loss. An impairment loss 
recognised for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent years.
(b) Current versus Non Current Classiﬁcation
The Company presents assets and liabilities in the balance sheet based on current/ noncurrent classiﬁcation. An 
asset is treated as current when it is:
i) Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in the normal operating cycle;                                                                                                                                        
ii) Held primarily for the purpose of trading;
iii) Expected to be realised within twelve months from the reporting period; or                                                                                                                                                                
iv) Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least 
twelve months after the reporting year.
All Other Assets are classiﬁed as non-current. 
A liability is treated as current when:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
- It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
- It is held primarily for the purpose of trading;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
- It is due to be settled within twelve months from the reporting period; or                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
- There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting 
period. The Company classiﬁes all Other Liabilities as non-current. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classiﬁed 
as non-current assets and liabilities. 
The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realisation in cash and 
cash equivalents. The Company has identiﬁed twelve months as its operating cycle. 
(c) Fair value measurement
The Company measures ﬁnancial instruments at fair value at each balance sheet date.    
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption 
that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: 
▪ In the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
▪ In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability accessible to 
the Company. 
The Company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which suﬃcient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of 
unobservable inputs.  The Company's management determines the policies and procedures for fair value 
measurement such as derivative instruments.
"All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the ﬁnancial statements are categorized 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair 
value measurement as a whole: 
▪ Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
▪ Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value 
measurement is directly or indirectly observable; and  
 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 297
[page 318]
▪ Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement 
is unobservable.
(d ) Revenue Recognition      
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services are transferred to the 
customer at an amount that reﬂects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for 
those goods or services. Revenue contracts are on a principal to principal basis and the Company is primarily 
responsible for fulﬁlling the identiﬁed performance obligation.      
Revenue from sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the 
customer, on delivery of the goods or Ex- Works, basis the terms of the contract. Payment for the sale is made as 
per the credit terms in the agreements with the customers. The Company considers whether there are other 
promises in the contract that are separate performance obligations to which a portion of the transaction price 
needs to be allocated. In determining the transaction price for the sale of goods and services, the Company 
considers the effects of variable consideration, the existence of signiﬁcant ﬁnancing components, non-cash 
consideration, and consideration payable to the customer (if any).      
Bill and hold sales are recognised when all the following criteria are met:
▪ the reason for the bill and hold sales is substantive
▪ the product is identiﬁed separately as belonging to the customer
▪ the product is currently ready for physical transfer to the customer
▪ the company does not have ability to use the product or to direct it to another customer.
Contract balances - Trade receivables
A receivable represents the Company’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the 
passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due).      
(e) Government grant       
Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all 
attached conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on 
a systematic basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. 
When the grant relates to an asset, it is recognised as income in equal amounts over the expected useful life of the 
related asset.      
When the assistance is provided by the government in the form of reimbursement of interest paid on term loans, 
the effect of this interest subvention is regarded as government grant. The beneﬁt received is accounted as other 
income in the statement of proﬁt and loss.
(f) Taxes      
Tax expense for the period, comprising current tax and deferred tax, are included in the determination of the net 
proﬁt or loss for the period.       
Current income tax      
Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered or paid to the taxation 
authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively 
enacted, at the year end date. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally 
enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.           
Current income tax relating to items recognised outside the statement of proﬁt and loss is recognised outside proﬁt 
or loss (either in OCI or in equity). Current tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either 
in OCI or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to 
situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where 
appropriate.  
Deferred tax      
Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the balance sheet approach, on temporary differences arising between 
the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in ﬁnancial statements. 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 298
[page 319]
Deferred income tax is also not accounted for, if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a 
transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting proﬁt 
nor taxable proﬁt (tax loss). Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted 
or substantially enacted by the end of the year and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax 
asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.      
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits 
and any unused tax losses only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those 
temporary differences and losses.      
Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax 
regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts 
expected to be paid to the tax authorities.      
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and 
liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax 
liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a net 
basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.      
Current and deferred tax is recognised in Statement of Proﬁt and Loss, except to the extent that it relates to items 
recognised in OCI or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in OCI or directly in equity, 
respectively. 
(g) Property, plant and equipment and Capital work-in progress      
Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation and accumulated impairment. 
Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. For this purpose, 
cost includes deemed cost on the date of transition and acquisition price, including nonrecoverable duties and 
taxes, and any directly attributable costs of bringing an asset to the location and condition of its intended use. In 
addition, interest on borrowings used to ﬁnance the construction of qualifying assets is capitalized as part of the 
asset’s cost until such time that the asset is ready for its intended use.      
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, 
only when it is probable that future economic beneﬁts associated with the item will ﬂow to the Company and the 
cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to Statement of Proﬁt and 
Loss during the year in which they are incurred.      
When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as 
separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.      
Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plant and equipment outstanding at each balance sheet date are 
classiﬁed as capital advances under Other Non-current Assets and the cost of assets not put to use before such 
date are disclosed under ‘Capital work-in-progress’.
Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives      
The Company depreciates property, plant and equipment over their estimated useful lives using the straight line 
method. The estimated useful lives of assets are as follows:      
Property, plant and equipment  Years
Building-Factory   30-40    
Building-Others   40-50   
Plant and machinery   10-25   
Furniture and ﬁxtures   8-10    
Oﬃce Equipment                  5   
Computers                   3    
Vehicles                                                 8-10    
Lease hold improvements  Over the useful life or the lease term whichever is lower   
Based on the technical experts assessment of useful life, certain items of property plant and equipment are being 
depreciated over useful lives, different from the prescribed useful lives under Schedule II to the Companies Act, 
2013. Management believes that such estimated useful lives are realistic and reﬂect a fair approximation of the 
period over which the assets are likely to be used.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 299
[page 320]
Depreciation on addition to property plant and equipment is provided on a pro-rata basis from the date of 
acquisition. Depreciation on sale/deduction from property plant and equipment is provided up to the date preceding 
the date of sale, deduction as the case may be. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the 
sale proceeds with the carrying amount. These are included in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss under 'Other 
Income'.        
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed periodically at each ﬁnancial year end and are 
adjusted prospectively, as appropriate.      
(h) Other Intangible Assets 
Intangible assets are stated at acquisition cost, net of accumulated amortisation.     
Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill are initially 
recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost). Subsequent to initial 
recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less accumulated 
amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired 
separately.      
The Company amortises intangible assets over their estimated useful lives using the straight line method. The 
estimated useful lives of intangible assets are as follows:      
Intangible assets   Years   
Customer relationship  10 years   
Intangible assets with ﬁnite lives are assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible 
asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a ﬁnite 
useful life are reviewed at least at each ﬁnancial year end.   
(i) Leases      
The Company assesses at contract inception whether a contract is or contains a lease. That is, if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identiﬁed asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.  
Company as a lessee      
The Company applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases 
and leases of low-value assets. The Company recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use 
assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.      
i) Right-of-use assets      
The Company recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying 
asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes 
the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the 
commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line 
basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets. The right-of-use assets are 
also subject to impairment.      
ii) Lease liabilities      
At the commencement date of the lease, the Company recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of 
lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include ﬁxed payments (including in 
substance ﬁxed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index 
or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees if any. The lease payments also include 
the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company and payments of 
penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reﬂects the Company exercising the option to terminate. 
Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are 
incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease 
commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the 
commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reﬂect the accretion of interest and reduced for 
the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a 
modiﬁcation, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments  
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 300
[page 321]
(e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease 
payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset."
iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets      
The Company applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and 
equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not 
contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of space 
that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are 
recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.      
iv) Company as a lessor      
Where the Company is the lessor, the treatment of leasing transactions is mainly determined by whether the lease 
is considered to be an operating or ﬁnance lease. In making this assessment, management looks at the substance 
of lease, as well as the legal form, and makes a judgement about whether substantially all of the risks and rewards 
of ownership are transferred. Arrangements which do not take legal form of a lease but that nevertheless convey 
the right to use an asset are also covered by such assessments. The management's estimates and assessments 
were based in particular on assumptions regarding the development of the economy as a whole and the 
development of the basic legal parameters.      
(j) Borrowing Costs      
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily 
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the 
asset. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest 
and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds and also includes exchange 
differences to the extent regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing costs.     
(k) Inventories      
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value.      
Costs incurred in bringing each product to its present location and condition are accounted for as follows:
- Raw materials and stores and spare parts: cost includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing 
the inventories to their present location and condition. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis. 
- Finished goods and work-in-progress: cost is determined on the weighted average basis and comprises direct 
material, cost of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing these inventories to their present location and 
condition.       
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated cost of 
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.      
(l) Impairment of non-ﬁnancial assets      
The Company assesses at each period end whether there is any objective evidence that a non ﬁnancial asset or a 
group of non ﬁnancial assets is impaired. If any such indication exists, the Company estimates the asset's 
recoverable amount and the amount of impairment loss.
An impairment loss is calculated as the difference between an asset’s carrying amount and recoverable amount. 
Losses are recognised in the  Statement of Proﬁt and Loss and are reﬂected in an allowance account. When the 
Company considers that there are no realistic prospects of recovery of the asset, the relevant amounts are written 
off. If the amount of impairment loss subsequently decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an 
event occurring after the impairment was recognised, then the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed 
through the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss.
The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit (as deﬁned below) is the greater of its value in use and 
its fair value less costs of disposal. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash ﬂows are discounted to 
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reﬂects current market assessments of the time value of 
money and the risks speciﬁc to the asset. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into 
the smallest group of assets that generates cash in ﬂows from continuing use that are largely independent of the 
cash inﬂows of other assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).
(m) Provisions and contingent liabilities      
(a) Provisions are recognised when there is a present obligation as a result of a past event, and it is probable that 
an outﬂow of resources embodying economic beneﬁts will be required to settle the obligation and there is a reliable 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 301
[page 322]
 estimate of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are measured at the best estimate of the expenditure required 
to settle the present obligation at the Balance Sheet date.      
       
If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that 
reﬂects, when appropriate, the risks speciﬁc to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision 
due to the passage of time is recognised as a ﬁnance cost.      
(b) Contingent liabilities exist when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the existence of which 
will be conﬁrmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within 
the control of the Company, or a present obligation that arises from past events where it is either not probable that 
an outﬂow of resources will be required or the amount cannot be reliably estimated. Contingent liabilities are 
appropriately disclosed unless the possibility of an outﬂow of resources embodying economic beneﬁts is remote. 
(c) Contingent asset is not recognised in the standalone ﬁnancial statements; however, is disclosed where an inﬂow 
of economic beneﬁts is probable.      
(d) Provisions, Contingent liabilities, and Contingent assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date.   
(n) Employee Beneﬁts       
Short-term obligations      
Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary beneﬁts that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 
months after the end of the year in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of 
employees’ services up to the end of the year and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the 
liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee beneﬁt obligations in the balance sheet.  
Other long-term employee beneﬁt obligations      
Deﬁned contribution plan      
Contribution towards Provident Fund and Employees' State Insurance Scheme is made to the regulatory authorities, 
where the Company has no further obligations. Such beneﬁts are classiﬁed as Deﬁned Contribution Schemes as 
the Company does not carry any further obligations, apart from the contributions made on a monthly basis which 
are charged to the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss.      
Deﬁned beneﬁt plans      
The Company provides for gratuity, a deﬁned beneﬁt unfunded plan (the 'Gratuity Plan"") covering eligible 
employees in accordance with the Code on Social Security, 2020. The Gratuity Plan provides for a lump sum 
payment to be made to vested employees at the time of retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of 
employment, of an amount based on the respective employee's salary. The Company's liability is actuarially 
determined (using the Projected Unit Credit method) at the end of each period.  Remeasurements of the net deﬁned 
obligation are recognised directly within equity. The remeasurements include:
(i) Actuarial gains and losses
(ii) Return on plan assets (interest exclusive)
(iii) Any asset ceiling effects (interest exclusive).       
Leave encashment       
The liabilities for earned leave are not expected to be settled wholly within twelve months after the end of the 
reporting period in which the employees render the related service. They are, therefore, measured as the present 
value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees up to the end of the 
reporting period using the projected unit credit method as determined by actuarial valuation. The beneﬁts are 
discounted using the market yields at the end of the reporting period that have terms approximating the terms of 
the related obligation. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments and change in actuarial 
assumptions are recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss. The obligations are presented as Current 
Liabilities in the Balance Sheet, if the entity does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least 
twelve months after the reporting period, regardless of when the actual settlement is expected to occur.
(o) Financial Instrument       
A ﬁnancial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a ﬁnancial asset of one entity and a ﬁnancial liability or 
equity instrument of another entity.       
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 302
[page 323]
(i) Financial assets
Initial recognition and measurement      
The ﬁnancial assets include trade receivables,  cash and cash equivalents, and other ﬁnancial assets. Financial 
assets are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of 
ﬁnancial assets (other than ﬁnancial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss) are added to or are deducted from 
the fair value of the ﬁnancial assets as appropriate on initial recognition. However, trade receivables that do not 
contain a signiﬁcant ﬁnancing component are measured at transaction price.    
Subsequent measurement      
For purposes of subsequent measurement, ﬁnancial assets are classiﬁed under the following categories:  
a) at amortised cost; or
b) at fair value through OCI; or 
c) at fair value through proﬁt or loss.
The classiﬁcation depends on the entity’s business model for managing the ﬁnancial assets and the contractual 
terms of the cash ﬂows.        
Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash ﬂows where those cash ﬂows represent 
solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost. Interest income from these ﬁnancial 
assets is included in ﬁnance income using the effective interest rate method (EIR).     
Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI): Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash 
ﬂows and for selling the ﬁnancial assets, where the assets’ cash ﬂows represent solely payments of principal and 
interest, are measured at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI). Movements in the carrying 
amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest revenue and 
foreign exchange gains and losses, which are recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss. When the ﬁnancial 
asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassiﬁed from equity to the 
Statement of Proﬁt and Loss and recognised in other gains/ (losses). Interest income from these ﬁnancial assets 
is included in other income, using the effective interest rate method.     
Fair Value Through Proﬁt or Loss (FVTPL): Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are 
measured at fair value through proﬁt or loss. Interest income from these ﬁnancial assets is included in other 
income.          
Investment in Subsidiaries: Investment in subsidiaries are measured at cost less impairment loss, if any. 
Impairment of ﬁnancial assets      
In accordance with Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments, the Company applies Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for 
measurement and recognition of impairment loss on ﬁnancial assets that are measured at amortised cost.  
The Company follows ‘simpliﬁed approach’ for recognition of impairment loss allowance on  trade and contract 
revenue receivables, loans and other ﬁnancial assets.
The application of simpliﬁed approach does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it 
recognises impairment loss allowance based on lifetime ECL at each reporting date, right from its initial 
recognition.
For recognition of impairment loss on other ﬁnancial assets and risk exposure, the Company determines whether 
there has been a signiﬁcant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition. If the credit risk has not increased 
signiﬁcantly, 12-month ECL is used to provide for impairment loss. However, if the credit risk has increased 
signiﬁcantly, lifetime ECL is used. If, in a subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument improves, such that 
there is no longer a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, then the entity reverts to recognising 
impairment loss allowance based on 12-month ECL.      
Derecognition of ﬁnancial assets      
A ﬁnancial asset is derecognised only when:
a) the right to receive cash ﬂows from the ﬁnancial asset is transferred; or
b) the Company retains the contractual right to receive the cash ﬂows of the ﬁnancial asset, but assumes a 
contractual obligation to pay the cash ﬂows to one or more recipients.
Where a ﬁnancial asset is transferred, it is derecognised only if substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of 
the ﬁnancial asset are transferred. 
Where the entity has not transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of a ﬁnancial asset, the 
ﬁnancial asset is not derecognised.
 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 303
[page 324]
(ii) Financial liabilities
Initial recognition and measurement
ﬁnancial liabilities at fair value through proﬁt or loss and at amortised cost, as appropriate.All ﬁnancial liabilities are 
recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction 
costs.
Subsequent measurement
The measurement of ﬁnancial liabilities depends on their classiﬁcation, as described below:
Financial liabilities at fair value through proﬁt or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through proﬁt or loss include ﬁnancial liabilities held for trading and ﬁnancial 
liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through proﬁt or loss. Separated embedded derivatives 
are also classiﬁed as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses 
on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss.      
Amortised cost
After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using 
the Effective Interest Rate (EIR) method. Gains and losses are recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss when 
the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the EIR amortisation process. Amortised cost is calculated by 
taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. 
The EIR amortisation is included as ﬁnance costs in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss.    
Derecognition
A ﬁnancial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. 
When an existing ﬁnancial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or 
the terms of an existing liability are substantially modiﬁed, such an exchange or modiﬁcation is treated as the 
derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying 
amounts is recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss as a ﬁnance costs.     
(iii) Offsetting ﬁnancial instruments
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet where there is a legally 
enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realize the 
asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events 
and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of 
the Company or the counterparty. 
(p) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand and short-term deposits with 
an original maturity of three months or less, that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and subject to 
an insigniﬁcant risk of changes in value.      
(q) Earnings Per Share   
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the proﬁt/loss for the period attributable to equity holders of the Company after 
deducting preference dividend by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.  
Diluted EPS is calculated by adjusting the ﬁgures used in the determination of basic EPS to consider:
- The interest associated with dilutive potential equity shares, and
- The weighted average number of additional equity shares that would have been outstanding assuming the 
conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. 
(r) Rounding off amounts      
All amounts disclosed in ﬁnancial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest lakhs as per 
requirement of Schedule III of the Act, unless otherwise stated.
3  Signiﬁcant accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions      
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, and the 
disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that 
require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future years.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 304
[page 325]
     3.1 Estimates and assumptions
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the year end date, that 
have a signiﬁcant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the 
next ﬁnancial year, are described below. The Company bases its assumptions and estimates on parameters available 
when the ﬁnancial statements are prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, 
however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the Company. 
Such changes are reﬂected in the assumptions when they occur.
(a) Taxes
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses to the extent that 
taxable proﬁt would probably be available against which the losses could be utilised. Signiﬁcant judgement is 
required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and 
the level of future taxable proﬁts together with future tax planning strategies. The Company reviews the carrying 
amount of deferred tax assets and liabilities at each balance sheet date with consequential change being given 
effect to in the year of determination.      
(b) Deﬁned beneﬁt plans (gratuity beneﬁts)      
The cost of the deﬁned beneﬁt plans such as gratuity and leave encashment are determined using actuarial 
valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions that may differ from actual developments 
in the future. These include the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases and mortality rates. Due 
to the complexities involved in the valuation and its long-term nature, a deﬁned beneﬁt obligation is highly sensitive 
to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each period end.     
The principal assumptions are the discount and salary growth rate. The discount rate is based upon the market 
yields available on government bonds at the accounting date with a term that matches that of liabilities. Salary 
increase rate takes into account of inﬂation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors on  a long term basis. 
For details refer note 37.      
(c) Estimation of Net Realisable value for Inventories      
Inventory is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value (NRV). NRV for completed inventory is assessed by 
reference to market conditions and prices existing at the reporting date and is determined by the Company, based 
on comparable transactions identiﬁed.      
(d) Useful life of Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets      
The Company reviews the useful life of property, plant and equipment/intangible assets at the end of each reporting 
period. This reassessment may result in change in depreciation expense in future periods.
4 New and Amended Standards
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notiﬁes new standards or amendments to the existing standards under 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time.      
In May 2025, MCA notiﬁed amendments to Ind AS 21 - The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, applicable 
w.e.f. April 1, 2025. The Company has reviewed the amendment and based on its evaluation has determined that it 
does not have any signiﬁcant impact in its ﬁnancial statements.       
In August 2025, MCA notiﬁed the following amendments to:       
1. Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025 – The amendment relates to 
classiﬁcation of liabilities as current or noncurrent and non-current liabilities with covenants. In the context of 
classifying a liability as current, it removes the requirement of existence of a right to defer settlement for at least 12 
months after the reporting date and instead requires that the said right should exist on the reporting date and have 
substance. The amendment also introduces guidance on classiﬁcation of liabilities with covenants. The Company has 
no impact of these amendments in its classiﬁcation criteria of current and non-current liabilities.
2. Ind AS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107, Financial Instruments: Disclosures, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 
2025 – The amendment in Ind AS 7 requires to inform users of ﬁnancial statements of the existence of supplier 
ﬁnance arrangements and explain the nature of the arrangements, the carrying amount of liabilities and the range 
of payment due dates. Ind AS 107 has been amended to add supplier ﬁnance arrangements as a factor that may 
cause concentration of liquidity risk. The Company has reviewed the amendment and based on its evaluation has 
determined that it does not have any signiﬁcant impact in its ﬁnancial statements.    
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 305
[page 326]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026    
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 5 Property, plant and equipment and Capital work-in progress  
 Gross Block  Accumulated depreciation  Net block 
Particulars  As at 
 1 April 2025  Additions 
 
Deductions/ 
Transfer 
 As at 
 31 March  
2026 
 As at 
 1 April 
2025 
 For the 
year 
 Dedu
ctions 
 As at 
 31 March  
2026 
 As at 
 31 March  
2026 
 As at 
31 March 
2025
Land  6,452.65  70.89  69.20  6,454.34    -    -    -    -  6,454.34  6,452.65 
Building-
Factory  11,266.20  16.86    -  11,283.06  987.56  396.69    -  1,384.25  9,898.81  10,278.64 
Building-
Others  292.20  1.44    -  293.64  24.36  9.79    -  34.15  259.49  267.84 
Temporary 
sheds  34.70  -      -  34.70  20.61  8.25    -  28.86  5.84  14.09 
Plant and 
machinery  1,55,476.32  42,412.24    -  1,97,888.56  9,961.07  6,505.49    -  16,466.66  1,81,421.90  1,45,515.25 
Furniture  230.02  8.30    -  238.32  23.42  43.18    -  66.60  171.72  206.60 
Equipment  78.80  68.50    -  147.30  9.71  15.98    -  25.69  121.61  69.09 
Computers  304.26  73.34    -  377.60  165.28  83.04    -  248.32  129.28  138.98 
Lease hold 
improvements  409.93  -      -  409.93  32.34  82.02    -  114.36  295.57  377.59 
Vehicle  100.21  326.94    -  427.15  5.05  10.19    -  15.24  411.91  95.16 
Total  1,74,645.29  42,978.51  69.20  2,17,554.60  11,229.40  7,154.63    -  18,384.13  1,99,170.47  1,63,415.89 
Capital work-
in progress  277.63  44,809.79  (42,807.69)  2,279.73    -    -    -    -  2,279.73  277.63 
 Gross Block  Accumulated depreciation  Net block 
Particulars  As at 
 1 April 2024  Additions Deductions/ 
Transfer 
 As at 
 31 March  
2025 
 As at 
 1 April 
2024 
 For the 
year 
 Dedu
ctions 
 As at 
 31 March  
2025 
 As at 
 31 March  
2025 
 As at 
31 March 
2024
Land  6,207.34  245.31    -  6,452.65    -    -    -    -  6,452.65  6,207.34 
Building-
Factory  11,247.51  18.69    -  11,266.20  592.01  395.55    -  987.56  10,278.64  10,655.50 
Building-
Others  291.98  0.22    -  292.20  14.61  9.75    -  24.36  267.84  277.37 
Temporary 
sheds  34.70  -      -  34.70  12.37  8.24    -  20.61  14.09  22.33 
Plant and 
machinery  1,10,793.72  44,682.60    -  1,55,476.32  5,288.21  4,672.86    -  9,961.07  1,45,515.25  1,05,505.51 
Furniture and  16.03  213.99    -  230.02  3.71  19.71    -  23.42  206.60  12.32 
Equipment  9.13  69.67    -  78.80  1.62  8.09    -  9.71  69.09  7.51 
Computers  230.46  73.80    -  304.26  83.61  81.67    -  165.28  138.98  146.85 
Lease hold 
improvements  -    409.93    -  409.93    -  32.34    -  32.34  377.59    - 
Vehicle  27.83  72.38    -  100.21  0.33  4.72    -  5.05  95.16  27.50 
Total  1,28,858.70  45,786.59    -  1,74,645.29  5,996.47  5,232.93    -  11,229.40  1,63,415.89  1,22,862.23 
Capital work-
in progress  20,125.37  25,279.31  (45,127.05)  277.63    -    -    -    -  277.63  20,125.37 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 306
[page 327]
Notes:
a) The Company has availed loans from banks against security of the ﬁxed assets (i.e. property, plant and equipment), 
refer note 54.
b) For capital commitment with regards to property plant and equipment, refer note 56.     
c) With respect to grain based project of 550 KLPD at Unit 1, which is commissioned on 01 November 2025, speciﬁc 
borrowing cost amounting to ₹ 849.03 lakhs i.e. cost incurred up to the date of capitalization has been included in the 
value of plant and machinery using a capitalization rate of 11.67%.       
d) With respect to grain based project of 450 KLPD at Unit 2, which is commissioned on 28 February 2026, speciﬁc 
borrowing cost amounting to ₹ 883.80 lakhs i.e. cost incurred up to the date of capitalization has been included in the 
value of plant and machinery using a capitalization rate of 11.67%.       
e) With respect to grain based project of 300 KLPD at Unit 4, which is commissioned on 26 January 2026, funded from 
initial public offering.
As at 31 March 2026
Particulars Amount in CWIP for a period of TotalLess than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
Projects in progress  2,279.73  -    -    -    2,279.73 
Particulars Amount in CWIP for a period of TotalLess than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
Projects in progress  277.63  -    -    -    277.63 
As at 31 March 2025
Capital-work-in progress ageing schedule
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 307
[page 328]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026     
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 6 Goodwill and Other intangible assets
Impairment testing of goodwill
Goodwill arising on acquisition of distillery business has been allocated to a separate single cash generating unit (CGU) 
i.e. TruAlt Bioenergy Limited. The Company has performed an annual impairment test to ascertain the recoverable 
amount of such goodwill. The recoverable amount is determined based on value in use calculation. The calculations 
performed indicate that there is no impairment of CGU of the company as value in use is higher than the carrying 
amount of goodwill.
These calculations use management assumptions and pre-tax cash ﬂow projections based on ﬁnanced budgets 
approved by management covering a 5-year period. The value-in-use calculation for the year used discounting rate of 
10.46% and terminal year growth rate of 3%.   
 Gross Block  Accumulated depreciation  Net block 
Particulars
 As at 
 1 April 
2025 
 Additions Deductions 
 As at 
 31 March  
2026 
 As at 
 1 April 
2025 
 For the 
year  Deductions 
 As at 
 31 March  
2026 
 As at 
 31 March  
2026 
 As at 
31 March 
2025
Customer 
relationship  11,059.22  -      -  11,059.14  2,762.83  1,105.92    -  3,868.76  7,190.38  8,296.39 
Total  11,059.22    -    -  11,059.14  2,762.83  1,105.92    -  3,868.76  7,190.38  8,296.39 
Goodwill  4,786.18    -    -  4,786.18   -    -    -    -  4,786.18  4,786.18 
 Gross Block  Accumulated depreciation  Net block 
Particulars
 As at 
 1 April 
2024 
 Additions Deductions 
 As at 
 31 March  
2025 
 As at 
 1 April 
2024 
 For the 
year  Deductions 
 As at 
 31 March  
2025 
 As at 
 31 March  
2025 
 As at 
31 March 
2024
Customer 
relationship  11,059.22  -      -  11,059.22  1,656.91  1,105.92    -  2,762.83  8,296.39  9,402.31 
Total  11,059.22    -    -  11,059.22  1,656.91  1,105.92    -  2,762.83  8,296.39  9,402.31 
Goodwill   4,786.18      -    -  4,786.18    -    -    -    -  4,786.18  4,786.18 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 308
[page 329]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 7 Leases
7.1 Company as a Lessee     
(a) Information about leases for which the Company is a lessee is as follows:
(b)Terms and conditions of Lease arrangements: 
    
The Company has lease contracts for various land and buildings. Leases of land have a lease term for 99 years and 10 years, 
buildings generally 5 years. The Company's obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor's title to the leased assets. 
With the exception of short-term leases, each lease is reﬂected on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and a lease 
liability.  The payments for buildings to be increased by 5% every year from 01 July 2025. 
   
c) Refer Note 41 for information about the undiscounted maturity analysis of lease liabilities over the remaining lease term. 
Right-of-use assets  Land  Total 
Balance as at 1 April 2025  566.98  111.36  678.34 
Additions    -    -    - 
Depreciation expense  (136.07)  (12.46)  (148.53)
Balance as at 31 March  2026  430.91  98.90  529.81 
Balance as at 1 April 2024    -    -    - 
Additions  680.38  118.68  799.06 
Depreciation expense  (113.40)  (7.32)  (120.72)
Balance as at 31 March  2025  566.98  111.36  678.34 
Lease Liabilities 31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Balance as at 1 April 2025  686.16    - 
Add: Additions    -  739.26 
Add: Interest expense on lease liabilities  64.06  59.10 
Less: Payments  (174.34)  (112.20)
Balance as at 31 March  2026  575.88  686.16 
31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Non-current  403.55  519.70 
Current  172.33  166.46 
 575.88  686.16 
Notes 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Short-term lease expenses (included 
in miscellaneous expenses) 33    -  55.46 
Interest expense on lease liabilities 31  64.06  59.10 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 32  148.53  120.72 
31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Interest paid on lease liabilities  64.06  59.10 
Principal paid on lease liabilities  110.28  53.10 
Short-term lease expense    -  55.46 
 174.34  167.66 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 309
[page 330]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026   
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 8 Investments  Non Current 
 31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Investment in subsidiary (Refer note 35)
2025:  1,40,96,000) equity shares of face value ₹10 each fully 
paid up
 1,691.52  1,691.52 
TruAlt Gas Private Limited , 1,18,42,140 (31st March 2025: nil) 
equity shares of face value ₹10 each fully paid up)  2,842.11    - 
 4,533.63  1,691.52 
 Current 
and loss  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
49,99,750.012 (31st March 2025:  49,99,750.012) units in SBI 
Innovative Opportunities Fund -Regular growth  406.53  436.08 
 406.53  436.08 
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments  4,940.16  2,127.60 
Note: The Company has pledged the 15.11% of its shareholding in TruAlt Gas Private Limited in favour of National 
Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) as security for the term loan facility sanctioned to TruAlt Gas 
Private Limited. Further, the Company has also given corporate guarantee in favour of NABARD in respect of the said 
borrowing availed by TruAlt Gas Private Limited. The management believes that no liability is expected to arise on 
account of the above guarantee, since TruAlt Gas Private Limited is servicing the loan obligations as per the terms of 
the loan agreement.
9 Loans  Current 
 31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Loans to related parties
Unsecured-considered good (Refer note 38)  250.00  250.00 
 250.00  250.00 
10 Other non-current assets 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Capital advances  126.80  13,667.19 
Prepaid expenses  38.87  29.04 
 165.67  13,696.23 
11 Inventories
(Value at lower of cost and net realisable value) 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Raw materials  19,091.80  5,498.31 
Finished goods  28,221.96  11,946.34 
Finished goods in transit*  2,726.88  1,913.21 
Store and spare parts including packing materials  2,142.07  1,062.37 
 52,182.71  20,420.23 
*The goods are in transit to customers and the same has been delivered subsequent to the year end ₹ 2,726.88 lakhs 
(31 March 2025: ₹ 1,913.21 lakhs). 
As per the terms of Letter of Intent, revenue is recognised upon satisfaction of the performance obligations which 
occurs typically upon delivery.
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026   
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 310
[page 331]
12 Trade Receivables 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Unsecured
- Considered good  40,586.96  33,780.40 
 40,586.96  33,780.40 
Ageing of Trade Receivables*
Particulars Not Due Less  than 
6 months
6 months - 
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years  Total 
Trade  receivables  – 
considered good  14,071.82  23,367.56  853.75  2,256.51  37.31    -  40,586.96 
Total  14,071.82  23,367.56  853.75  2,256.51  37.31    -  40,586.96 
31 March  2026
Particulars Not Due Less  than 
6 months
6 months - 
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years  Total 
Trade  receivables  – 
considered good  23,321.70  6,835.60  3,414.27  194.03  14.80    -  33,780.40 
Total  23,321.70  6,835.60  3,414.27  194.03  14.80    -  33,780.40 
31 March  2025
13 Cash and Cash Equivalents 31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Balances with banks:
On current accounts  4,208.59  3,479.38 
Debit balance in Cash Credit accounts  596.96    - 
Fixed deposits with maturity of less than 3 months    -  11,303.29 
 4,805.55  14,782.67 
14 Bank Balances other than Cash and Cash Equivalents 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Fixed deposits with banks (maturity more than 3 months but  
less than 12 months)  150.80    - 
 150.80    - 
15 Non-current
15.1 Non-current  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity  2,111.99  107.13 
Accrued Interest  96.50  16.33 
Security deposits  119.62  80.89 
 2,328.11  204.35 
 Current 
15.2 Current 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Security Deposits  7.33  7.78 
Receivable from related parties  1,686.19  1,507.69 
 1,693.52  1,515.47 
*Trade receivables balance includes retention money amounting to ₹ 6,187.10 lakhs (31 March 2025: ₹ 2,945.30 lakhs)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 311
[page 332]
* The Company has recognised recoverable for expenses of ₹ Nil (31 March 2025: ₹ 813.75 lakhs) towards proposed 
Initial Public offering ("IPO") of its equity shares.         
16 Government grants 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Interest subvention receivable (refer note 27)  3,163.66  2,943.84 
Performance linked incentive receivable (refer note 26)  9,189.39  6,617.66 
 12,353.05  9,561.50 
17 Other current assets 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Balances with government authorities  21,041.08  17,517.66 
Advance to related party  4,030.79    - 
Advances to Suppliers  3,395.44  5,397.49 
Prepaid expenses  150.59  83.25 
Others*  168.92  813.75 
 28,786.82  23,812.15 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 312
[page 333]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026  
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 18 Share Capital
(A) Equity shares 31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Authorised share capital
10,00,00,000 (31 March 2025: 10,00,00,000) Equity Shares of ₹ 10 each  10,000.00  10,000.00 
Issued, subscribed and paid up 
8,57,52,591 (31 March 2025: 7,06,31,624) Equity shares of ₹ 10 each 
fully paid  8,575.26  7,063.16 
 8,575.26  7,063.16 
(i) Reconciliation of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year.
31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Number 
of shares Amount Number 
of shares Amount
Outstanding at the beginning of the 
year  7,06,31,624  7,063.16  6,10,75,820  6,107.58 
Add: Issued during the year on 
conversion of CCPS into equity shares    -    -  95,55,804  955.58 
Add: Issued during the year through 
initial public offering  1,51,20,967  1,512.10    -    - 
Outstanding at the end of the year  8,57,52,591  8,575.26  7,06,31,624  7,063.16 
(ii) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares
(iii) Details of shares held by shareholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the Company
31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Name of the shareholder Number 
of shares
% of holding 
in the class
Number 
of shares
% of holding 
in the class
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  1,53,36,841 17.88%  1,53,36,841 21.71%
Vishal Nirani  1,53,25,071 17.87%  1,53,25,071 21.70%
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani  1,45,74,868 17.00%  1,45,74,868 20.64%
Kamala Murigeppa Nirani  42,27,590 4.93%  42,27,590 5.99%
Sangamesh Rudrappa Nirani  43,74,450 5.10%  52,74,450 7.47%
Dhraksayani S Nirani  43,70,000 5.10%  52,70,000 7.46%
Details of Shares held by  
Promoters at the end of the 
year
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Name of the Promoter No. of Shares % of total 
shares
% Change 
during the 
year
No. of Shares  % of total 
shares 
 % Change 
during the 
year 
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  1,53,36,841 17.88% (3.83%)  1,53,36,841 21.71% 0.37 %
Vishal Nirani  1,53,25,071 17.87% (3.83%)  1,53,25,071 21.70% 0.37 %
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani  1,45,74,868 17.00% (3.64%)  1,45,74,868 20.64% 0.54 %
 4,52,36,780 52.75%  4,52,36,780 64.05%
The Company has only one class of equity shares having par value of ₹ 10 per share. Each shareholder is entitled to one 
vote per share held. They entitle the holders to participate in dividends which if declared is payable in Indian Rupees. 
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of 
the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity 
shares held by the shareholders.
Note: Change during the year was due to increase in the issued, subscribed and paid up shares during the year.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 313
[page 334]
Note on Promoter Shareholding under Lock-in
Pursuant to the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018, equity shares held by the promoters are subject to lock-in requirements from the date of allotment 
pursuant to the Initial Public Offer (IPO). As at 31 March 2026, the Promoters of the Company hold 4,52,36,780 equity 
shares representing 52.75% of the total paid-up equity share capital of the Company. Out of the total promoter share-
holding, 1,71,60,000 equity shares, representing the minimum promoters’ contribution, are locked in for a period of three 
years. The balance 2,80,76,780 equity shares are locked in for a period of one year.     
Details of promoter shares under lock-in as at 31 March 2026 are as follows:
Name of the Promoter No. of Equity 
Shares Held
Shares with Lock-in period of 
one year i.e. 02 October 2026
Shares with Lock-in period of 
three years i.e. 02 October 2028
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  1,53,36,841  95,19,004  58,17,837 
Vishal Nirani  1,53,25,071  95,11,699  58,13,372 
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani  1,45,74,868  90,46,077  55,28,791 
 Total  4,52,36,780  2,80,76,780  1,71,60,000 
(v) the end of current year.
(vi) end of the current year.
(B) Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares 
Authorised share capital 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
4,70,00,000 (31 March 2025: 4,70,00,000) Preference Shares of ₹ 100 
each  47,000.00  47,000.00 
Issued, subscribed and paid up 
Nil (31 March 2025: Nil) Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares 
(CCPS) of ₹ 100 each fully paid.    -    - 
   -    - 
(i)
Reconciliation of preference shares 
outstanding at the beginning and at 
the end of the year
 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
 Number of 
shares  Amount   Number of 
shares Amount 
Outstanding at the beginning of the 
year    -    -  4,69,19,000  46,919.00 
Add: Issued during the year    -    -    -    - 
Less: Converted into equity shares 
(Refer below)    -    -  (4,69,19,000)  (46,919.00)
Outstanding at the end of the year    -    -    -    - 
converted its Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS) to fully paid equity shares of the Company 
in the ratio of 1:4.91 at an issue price of ₹ 491 per fully paid equity share (₹ 10 for Face value and ₹ 481 
towards Security Premium). The Company has allotted 95,55,804 equity shares against the 4,69,19,000 
Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of the Company. The conversion ratio is determined based 
on the valuation report obtained by the Company from IBBI Registered Valuer as per the terms of CCPS. 
Pursuant to the conversion of CCPS to equity, deferred tax liability on outstanding liability component of CCPS 
amounting to ₹ 3,730.13 lakhs is also adjusted with retained earnings.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 314
[page 335]
Nature and purpose of items in other equity       
Securities premium- Amount subscribed for share capital in excess of face value of equity shares. The reserve can be utilised 
only for limited purposes in accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.    
Retained earnings- Retained earnings are the proﬁts/(losses) that the Company has earned/incurred till date, less any 
dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders. Retained earnings include re-measurement gain on deﬁned beneﬁt 
plans, net of taxes that will not be reclassiﬁed to the statement of proﬁt and loss.
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 19 Other equity  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Retained earnings  31,752.84  23,726.64 
Securities premium  1,11,021.97  45,963.42 
 1,42,774.81  69,690.06 
Retained earnings  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Opening balance  23,726.64  6,118.38 
 8,003.00  14,061.53 
taxes)
 23.20  0.36 
Add: Adjustments on Conversion of Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares
   -  3,546.37 
Closing balance  31,752.84  23,726.64 
Securities premium  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Opening balance  45,963.42    - 
Issue of equity shares on conversion of CCPS (95,55,804 
equity shares * ₹ 481 per equity share)
   -  45,963.42 
Issue of equity shares pursuant to initial public offering  65,058.55    - 
Closing balance  1,11,021.97  45,963.42 
 31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Opening Balance    -  14,690.38 
On conversion of Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares    -  (14,690.38)
   -    - 
20 Non-current borrowings
Secured  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Term Loans
State Bank of India  16,296.27  19,768.07 
Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited 
(IREDA)
 98,420.13  1,05,452.40 
 1,14,716.40  1,25,220.47 
Vehicle Loans
HDFC Bank  53.89  65.94 
Bank of India  8.03  16.36 
 61.92  82.30 
 1,14,778.32  1,25,302.77 
Less: Current maturities of term loans from
Term Loans
State Bank of India  4,196.00  3,596.00 
Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (IREDA)  17,530.50  11,400.00 
 21,726.50  14,996.00 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 315
[page 336]
Vehicle Loans
HDFC Bank  12.98  12.17 
Bank of India  8.03  8.19 
 21.01  20.36 
Total current maturities of term loans  21,747.51  15,016.36 
Total non current borrowings  93,030.81  1,10,286.41 
A. Terms of repayment      
(i) During the financial year 2022–23, the Company has obtained a consortium Term loan 1 Indian Renewable Energy 
Development Agency Limited(IREDA) and Union Bank of India (UBI) amounting to ₹ 88,400.00 lakhs with a distribution ratio 
of 70:30. The loan carries an interest rate of 1 year MCLR plus 2.80% p.a. and the disbursed amount of ₹ 87,306.00 lakhs 
was scheduled for repayment in 28 quarterly instalments, with monthly interest payments commenced from 27 March 2023. 
As per the loan agreement, the said loan was taken for the purpose of acquisition of 1400 KLPD ethanol distilleries located 
at 3 different locations in Karnataka. 
(ii) The Company has obtained a consortium Term loan 2 from Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited 
(IREDA) and Union Bank of India (UBI) during the year ended 31 March 2024, amounting to ₹ 45,000.00 lakhs with a 
distribution ratio of 70:30. The loan carries an interest rate of 1 year MCLR plus 2.80% p.a. and the disbursed amount of ₹ 
45,000.00 lakhs is scheduled for repayment in 28 quarterly instalments, with monthly interest payments commenced from 
31 July 2023. As per the loan agreement, the said loan was taken for the purpose of expansion of ethanol distilleries by 600 
KLPD located at 3 different locations in Karnataka. 
(iii) The Company has obtained Term loan 3 from Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (IREDA) during the 
year ended 31 March 2025, amounting to ₹ 20,766.00 lakhs is scheduled for repayment in 24 quarterly instalments. Initially 
the loan carries an interest rate of 11.40% plus 0.50% p.a. till the commissioning of the project and the disbursed amount of 
₹ 15,575.00 lakhs, with monthly interest payments commenced from 31 January 2025. During year ended 31 March 2026, 
an additional amounting to ₹ 4,150.00 lakhs disbursed and  total disbursement made till 31st March 2026 of ₹ 19,725 lakhs. 
The applicable rate of interest as at 31 March 2026 is 10.95% p.a. The repayment of principal amount will commence from 
31 December 2026. As per the loan agreement, the said loan was taken for the purpose of Grain based expansion of ethanol 
distilleries by 1000 KLPD located at 2 different locations in Karnataka.      
(iv) As per the Sanction letter of SBI Letter No: SBI/ADV/BGM/2023-24/07 Dated : 06.01.2024, UBI was replaced by State 
Bank of India (SBI) for term loan 1 as the party to consortium. The interest rate on loan is modified from interest rate of 1 
year MCLR plus 2.80% p.a to 6 Month SBI MCLR plus 1.55%.
(v) On 23 January 2024, the consortium agreement for Term loan 2 sanctioned was modified where the entire term loan is 
taken over by IREDA and UBI is no longer a party to the consortium agreement. The interest rate on loan is modified from 
interest rate of 1 year MCLR plus 2.80% p.a. to IREDA Grade-4 pertaining to ethanol (with existing sugar plant) which is 
presently 11.30% plus 0.5% till commissioning. The repayment of principal amount has  commenced from March 31 2025 
instead of March 31 2024.However, the current weighted average coming out to be 10.52%.     
(vi) The vehicle loan amounting to ₹ 38.37 Lakhs was sanctioned by HDFC which carries an interest rate of 8.60 % p.a. and 
is scheduled for repayment in 60 monthly instalments, with monthly interest payments commencing from 07 September 
2024. The Company has used such borrowings for the purposes as stated in the loan agreement.    
(vii) The vehicle loan amounting to ₹ 24.45 Lakhs was sanctioned by Bank of India which carries an interest rate of 8.85% 
p.a. and is scheduled for repayment in 36 monthly instalments, with monthly interest payments commencing from March 
30, 2024.      
(viii) The vehicle loan amounting to ₹ 32.18 Lakhs was sanctioned by HDFC which carries an interest rate of 8.95 % p.a. and 
is scheduled for repayment in 60 monthly instalments, with monthly interest payments commencing from 07 February 2025. 
The Company has used such borrowings for the purposes as stated in the loan agreement.
   - 
   - 
 11 
 8.03 
HDFC  SBI* IREDA* Bank of India
Number of instalments due (Nos) 46  16  24 
Average Rate of Interest (%) 8.77% 10.29% 10.91% 8.85%
Within one year  12.98  4,196.00  17,530.50 
After one year but not more than 5 years  40.91  12,373.12  76,881.00 
More than 5 years    -    -  4,553.00 
 53.89  16,569.12  98,964.50  8.03 
B. Repayment schedule for secured loan taken
  
 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 316
[page 337]
*The difference between carrying value of borrowings and repayment schedule is due to EIR adjustment been made as per 
Ind AS 109.      
Term loans contain certain debt covenants relating to limitation on indebtedness, ﬁxed asset coverage ratio, and debt 
service coverage ratio. The limitation on indebtedness covenant gets suspended if the Company meets certain prescribed 
criteria. The debt covenant related to limitation on indebtedness remained suspended as of the date of the authorisation 
of the ﬁnancial statements. The Company has satisﬁed all other debt covenants prescribed in the terms of loan. The 
Company has not defaulted on any loans payable.      
*Working capital loan secured by current assets (inventories, advances paid, receivables including statutory receivables 
and other current assets).    
Net Debt Reconciliation    
Analysis of net debts and movement in net debts for each of the year presented:    
The details of ﬁnancial and non ﬁnancial assets pledged as security for current and non-current borrowings are 
disclosed in Note 54.   
21 Provisions Non Current
 31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Provision for gratuity (unfunded) [Refer note 37(B)]  222.62  164.36 
Provision for leave encashment  208.33  143.82 
 430.95  308.18 
Current
 31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Provision for gratuity (unfunded) [Refer note 37(B)]  10.40  11.54 
Provision for leave encashment  19.40  12.62 
 29.80  24.16 
22 Current borrowings  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Secured
Current maturities of long-term borrowings (Refer note 20)  21,747.51  15,016.36 
Working capital loan*  43,267.91  27,941.95 
 65,015.42  42,958.31 
Particulars Cash 
adjustments 
 Non cash 
adjustments Amount
Net debt as on 31 March 2024  1,65,724.19 
Proceeds from Term loans (net of transaction cost)  29,930.19    -  29,930.19 
Proceeds from Vehicle loan  70.55    -  70.55 
Net increase in working capital loan  2,486.58    -  2,486.58 
Repayment of loans  (13,504.62)    -  (13,504.62)
Interest on borrowings and other charges    -  351.10  351.10 
Interest on liability component of CCPS    -  282.47  282.47 
Liability component - reversal of CCPS on conversion into equity 
shares    -  (32,095.74)  (32,095.74)
Net debt as at 31 March 2025 excluding accrued interest  1,53,244.72 
Repayment of Term loans (net of transaction cost)  (17,235.22)  (17,235.22)
Proceeds from short term borrowings  6,731.15  6,731.15 
Repayment of Vehicle loan  (20.38)  (20.38)
Net increase in working capital loan  15,325.96  15,325.96 
Net debt as at 31 March 2026 excluding accrued interest  1,58,046.23 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 317
[page 338]
*The Company facilitates payment to MSME vendors through the Trade Receivables Discounting System (TReDS) 
platform operated by Receivables Exchange of India Limited (RXIL). As on 31st March 2026, payable by company to 
RXIL is ₹ 7,508.80 lakhs. The Company settles the dues with RXIL generally within a credit period ranging from 54 to 59 
days. 
* ₹17,247.45 lakhs (31 March 2025: 34,422.53 lakhs) of the trade payable balance is payable to related parties.Trade 
payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled within the credit period agreed with the supplier. Disclosure 
relating to suppliers registered under MSMED Act based on the information available with the Company:
23
23.1 Non-current  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Refundable deposits  0.40  0.40 
 0.40  0.40 
23.2 Current  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Interest payable  6.44    - 
Due to related parties  168.86  2,832.13 
Creditors for capital goods  4,566.01  7,086.50 
 448.31  379.66 
Others*  9,429.84  1,683.49 
 14,619.46  11,981.78 
24 Trade payables (carried at amortised cost)  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises  2,717.76  1,338.86 
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and 
small enterprises*
 24,257.49  45,488.04 
 26,975.25  46,826.90 
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026   
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 
Particulars  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
(a) Amount remaining unpaid to any supplier at the end of each year:
Principal  2,717.76  1,338.86 
Interest    -    - 
Total  2,717.76  1,338.86 
(a) The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED 
Act, along with the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the 
appointed day during each year.
   -    - 
(b) The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED 
Act, along with the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the 
appointed day during each year.
   -    - 
(c) The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each 
year.
   -    - 
(d) The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the 
succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues above are actually 
paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance of a deductible 
expenditure under section 23 of the MSMED Act.
   -    - 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 318
[page 339]
31 March  2026 Outstanding for following  periods from due date of payment
Particulars Not due Less  than  1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years  Total 
(i) MSME    -  2,717.76    -    -    -  2,717.76 
(ii) Disputed dues – MSME    -    -    -    -    -    - 
(iii) Others    -  24,147.85  109.64    -    -  24,257.49 
(iv) Disputed dues - Others    -    -    -    -    -    - 
   -  26,865.61  109.64    -    -  26,975.25 
 31 March  2025 Outstanding for following  periods from due date of payment
Particulars Not due Less  than  1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years  Total 
(i) MSME    -  1,338.86    -    -    -  1,338.86 
(ii) Disputed dues – MSME    -    -    -    -    -    - 
(iii) Others    -  44,630.60  857.44    -    -  45,488.04 
(iv) Disputed dues - Others    -    -    -    -    -    - 
   -  45,969.46  857.44    -    -  46,826.90 
25 Other current liabilities
Statutory dues payable
 31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Audit Fee Payable
 128.48  183.33 
 50.00    - 
 178.48  183.33 
Trade Payables ageing schedule 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 319
[page 340]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 26 Revenue from operations  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Revenue from contracts with customers
Sale of goods  1,46,791.77  1,48,344.31 
Sale of traded goods  20,894.70  31,862.02 
 1,67,686.47  1,80,206.33 
Other operating revenue
Performance linked incentive*  2,571.73  6,617.66 
Provision no longer required written back  207.14  1,187.67 
 2,778.87  7,805.33 
Total revenue from operations  1,70,465.34  1,88,011.66 
27 Other income  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Interest subvention income*  5,446.46  5,897.91 
Net gain on sale of quoted equity investments measured at FVTPL    -  46.53 
Interest on income tax refund  11.55  17.93 
Interest Income  635.53    - 
Others  734.81  96.57 
 6,828.35  6,058.94 
A. Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
(i) Revenue is attributable to sale of ethanol, diesel, steam and allied products and it is recognised upon satisfaction 
of the performance obligations which is typically upon delivery, majorly for Oil Marketing Companies (OMC) and Ex- 
Works, for companies other than OMCs (i.e., point in time). The Company's primary customers for ethanol sales are 
public sector Oil Marketing Companies (OMC) in India. 
As of 31 March 2026, there are no unsatisfied performance obligations or contractual liabilities 
(ii) Revenues from customers: 4 Customers (31 March 2025: 4 Customers) represented more than 10% or more of the 
Company’s revenues amounting to ₹ 1,30,921.30 lakhs (31 March 2025: ₹ 1,60,050.79 lakhs).
* The Government of Karnataka vide its order no.CI 227 SPI 2022(e), Bengaluru dated 11-05-2023, has sanctioned 
special incentive to the company for their ethanol production at its plants, considering the project as Super Mega 
Enterprise under the new Industrial Policy 2020-25. On the basis of the above order, the Company has submitted the 
claim application with the Department of Commerce and Industry for FY 2022-23, FY 2023-24. For FY 2024-25 and FY 
2025-26, the Company will submit the claim application within the due date and management believes that there is 
reasonable assurance that it will be realised considering approvals received for earlier years. The company has 
recognized such amount receivable under the Investment subsidy scheme, being 1.75% of the eligible turnover, as 
Performance Linked Incentive ('PLI') in its books. As the PLI is directly linked to the operating sales, it is disclosed 
under the head 'other operating revenue'.    
* With respect to Term Loan 1, the Company is eligible to claim interest subvention from the Department of Food & 
Public Distribution (DFPD) for the year ended 31 March 2026, as confirmed by the National Bank for Agriculture and 
Rural Development (NABARD). The Company has received NABARD's approval with respect to claim interest subvention 
for the five-year period starting 1 April 2023.    
With respect to Term Loan 2, as per the Department of Food & Public Distribution (DFPD) order Company is regular in 
claiming interest subvention.
    
28 Cost of material consumed  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Inventory at the beginning  of the year (Refer note 11)  5,498.31  5,373.50 
Add: Purchases  1,21,624.88  1,03,698.51 
Less: Inventory at the end of the year (Refer note 11)  19,091.80  5,498.31 
 1,08,031.39  1,03,573.70 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 320
[page 341]
29  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Inventories at the beginning of the year
- Finished goods (Refer note 11)  13,859.55  8,796.71 
 13,859.55  8,796.71 
Less: Inventories at the end of the year
- Finished goods (Refer note 11)  30,948.84  13,859.55 
 30,948.84  13,859.55 
Net increase  (17,089.29)  (5,062.84)
30  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Salaries, wages, bonus and other allowances  4,115.45  3,407.78 
Contribution to Provident Fund and ESI  189.64  154.11 
Gratuity expenses (Refer note 37)  87.63  64.78 
Leave encashment  79.52  62.79 
Staff welfare expenses  22.08  25.67 
 4,494.32  3,715.13 
31 Finance costs  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Interest on borrowings  15,199.67  13,379.96 
Interest on liability component of CCPS    -  282.47 
Interest expense on lease liabilities  49.14  59.10 
Bank charges  369.14  297.04 
Interest on others  167.25  85.07 
 15,785.20  14,103.64 
32 Depreciation and amortisation expense  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (Refer note 5)  7,154.63  5,232.93 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Refer note 7)  148.53  120.72 
Amortisation on intangible assets (Refer note 6)  1,105.92  1,105.92 
 8,409.08  6,459.57 
33 Other expenses  31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Consumption of stores & spares and consumables  3,939.73  2,580.69 
Manufacturing expenses  2,524.86  2,725.29 
Power and fuel  9,511.36  9,250.50 
Selling and distribution expenses  5,507.43  6,190.46 
Repairs and maintenance - Plant and Machinery  168.23  247.54 
Repairs and maintenance - others  365.35  63.37 
Legal and professional charges*  428.08  1,263.65 
Business promotion expenses  105.71  137.00 
Rates and taxes  2,491.68  3,853.61 
Insurance expenses  335.62  200.64 
Security charges  203.66  127.35 
Fair value loss on investments measured at FVTPL  29.55  3.96 
Travel and conveyance  779.39  473.21 
Foreign exchange loss/(gain) (net)  2.73  2.65 
Corporate Social Responsibility**  164.50  65.45 
Miscellaneous expenses  190.48  594.58 
 26,748.36  27,779.95 
*Note: Following is the break-up of Auditors remuneration (exclusive of GST)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 321
[page 342]
 31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
As auditor:
Statutory audit  100.00  70.00 
In other capacity:
Tax Audit  10.00  10.00 
Other matters    - 
Reimbursement of expenses  11.44  2.20 
 121.44  82.20 
** Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) expenditure
 31 March  2026  31 March  2025 
Amount required to be spent by the company during the year  164.50  65.45 
Amount of expenditure incurred on:
(i) Construction/acquisition of any assets    -    - 
(ii) On purposes other than (i) above  164.50  65.45 
Shortfall at the end of the year    -    - 
Total of previous year shortfall    -    - 
Reason for shortfall  NA  NA 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 322
[page 343]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 34 Income Tax and Deferred Tax
Components of Deferred Tax 
(A) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Deferred tax assets
 32.77  97.78 
On unabsorbed depreciation and carry forward business losses  676.11  1,486.22 
On leases  37.38  172.69 
On security deposits, net    -  10.86 
On investments valued at fair value    -  16.08 
On borrowings    -  88.36 
On others  246.11    - 
Total Deferred tax asset  992.37  1,871.99 
Deferred tax liabilities
On intangible assets  15.19  913.80 
On property, plant and equipment  3,589.63  8,307.82 
On investments valued at fair value  8.64    - 
On right of use assets  27.75  170.72 
On security deposits, net  2.20    - 
On borrowings  293.44    - 
On others    -  246.81 
Total Deferred tax liabilities  3,936.85  9,639.15 
Deferred tax liabilities, net  (2,944.48)  (7,767.16)
(B) Movement of deferred tax assets/ (liabilities) (net): 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Opening balance as of 1 April  (7,767.16)  (10,343.58)
 (2,944.48)  (1,153.58)
Deferred tax on conversion of Compulsorily Convertible Preference 
Shares adjusted with retained earnings
 3,730.12 
Tax liability recognised in OCI
 (7.81)  (0.12)
Closing balance  (10,719.45)  (7,767.16)
(C) Income tax expense 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
i.
 - Current tax expense    -    - 
 - Deferred tax expense  2,944.48  1,153.58 
 2,944.48  1,153.58 
ii. Other Comprehensive income 
 7.81  0.12 
Income tax related to items recognised in OCI during the year  7.81  0.12 
(D) Reconciliation of tax charge 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
 10,947.48  15,215.11 
Applicable tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Income tax expense at tax rates applicable  2,755.26  3,829.34 
Tax effects of:
- Corporate Social Responsibility  41.40    - 
-  Expenses not allowed as per tax rules  0.38  280.86 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 323
[page 344]
- Other disallowed expenses  402.40    - 
- Others    -    - 
- Impact of depreciation on customer relationship not considered in tax 
WDV in earlier years
   -  (2,785.48)
-  Other miscellaneous items  (254.96)  (171.14)
 2,944.48  1,153.58 
The tax rate used for 31  March 2026 is 25.168 % (31 March 2025: 25.168%).There is no liability for the Current Tax as 
the Company has tax losses and MAT provisions are not applicable to the Company as it has opted for section 115BAA. 
The calculation of the Company’s total tax charge involves a degree of estimation and judgement in respect of certain 
items whose tax treatment cannot be ﬁnally determined until resolution has been reached with tax authorities. Whilst 
the ultimate liability for such matters may vary from the amounts provided and is dependent upon the outcome of agree-
ments with the relevant tax authorities, or litigation where appropriate, the Company continues to consider that it has 
made appropriate provision for periods which are open and not yet agreed by the tax authorities. Each year manage-
ment completes a detailed review of uncertain tax positions across the Company and makes provisions based on the 
probability of the liability arising. 
35 Business combinations
TruAlt Gas Private Limited     
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 19, 2025 has 
approved the purchase of 35,08,807 @ Rs. 24/ equity shares of TruAlt Gas Private Limited. (“TGPL”) from its sharehold-
er. On October 27, 2025, the Company acquired such shares constituting 51% of the paid-up share capital of TGPL, 
resulting to gain of control as per Ind AS 103 - Business combinations, thereby making TGPL a subsidiary of the Compa-
ny. Subsequently infused additional capital of ₹20,00,00,000, pursuant to which the Company’s shareholding increased 
to 77.84% as at the December 15, 2025. Further, TGPL allotted 80,06,536 equity shares to Nirani Holdings Private Limit-
ed by way of right issue, bring down the holding of the Company again to 51%, which stands same as on the reporting 
date.
36 Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the proﬁt for the year attributable to equity holders by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.     
Diluted earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the proﬁt attributable to equity holders (after adjusting for 
interest on the compulsorily convertible preference shares) by the weighted average number of equity shares outstand-
ing during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all the 
dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares.     
The following reﬂects the income and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computations:    
*The weighted average number of equity shares and potential equity shares for diluted EPS have been computed 
considering the CCPS issued pursuant to the acquisition of the distillery business.
**The potential equity share is anti-dilutive hence both Basic and Diluted earnings per share are equal for previous year.  
31 March  2026 31 March  2025
 8,003.00  14,061.53 
Less: Dividend on Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares    -  (51.42)
 8,003.00  14,010.11 
Add: Interest on Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares    -  282.47 
Add: Dividend on Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares    -  51.42 
 8,003.00  14,344.00 
Number of equity shares outstanding at the end of year
Weighted average number of equity shares for basic EPS  7,82,12,821  6,97,67,674 
Weighted average number of equity shares for diluted EPS*  7,82,12,821  7,06,31,624 
Basic earnings per share (₹)  10.23  20.08 
Diluted earnings per share (₹) **  10.23  20.08  
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 324
[page 345]
(A) 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
During the year, the Company has recognised the following amounts in 
Employers’ Contribution to Provident Fund and Employee State 
Insurance (Refer note 30)
 189.64  154.11 
i) Actuarial assumptions 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Discount rate (per annum) 7.15% 6.75%
Rate of increase in Salary 7.50% 7.50%
Expected average remaining working lives of employees (years)  28.11  28.51 
Attrition rate 7.50% 7.50%
ii) 31 March  2026 31 March  2025
Present value of obligation at the beginning of the year  175.91  111.61 
Current service cost  75.77  56.81 
 11.86  7.97 
Actuarial (gain)/ loss on obligations  (30.53)  (0.48)
Present value of obligation at the end of the year*  233.01  175.91 
(B) Deﬁned beneﬁt plans
Gratuity Plan     
The employees’ Gratuity Fund Scheme, which is a deﬁned beneﬁt plan, is unfunded. Under the gratuity plan, every 
employee who has completed at least ﬁve years of service gets a gratuity on departure at 15 days of last drawn basic 
salary for each completed year of service. The present value of obligation is determined based on actuarial valuation 
using the Projected Unit Credit Method, which recognises each period of service as giving rise to additional unit of 
employee beneﬁt entitlement and measures each unit separately to build up the ﬁnal obligation.    
Aforesaid post-employment beneﬁt plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, 
interest rate risk, longevity risk and salary risk.     
Interest Risk     
The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt liability is calculated using a discount rate which is determined by reference to 
market yields at the end of the reporting year on Government securities. A decrease in yields will increase the fund liabili-
ties and vice-versa.     
Longevity Risk     
The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality of plan 
participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will 
increase the plan's liability.     
Salary Escalation Risk     
The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan participants. 
Deviation in the rate of increase of salary in future for plan participants from rate of increase in salary used to determine 
the present value of obligation will have a bearing on the plan's liability.     
37 Employee beneﬁts 
*Included in provision for employee beneﬁts (Refer note 21)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 325
[page 346]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026  
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 iii) 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Current service cost  75.77  56.81 
 11.86  7.97 
 87.63  64.78 
iv) Expense recognised in the Other Comprehensive Income for current year  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligation for the year  (30.53)  (0.48)
Return on plan assets, excluding Interest Income    -    - 
Change in asset ceiling    -    - 
Net Expense/(income) for the year recognised in OCI  (30.53)  (0.48)
v) Assets and liabilities recognised in the Balance Sheet:  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Present value of unfunded obligation as at the end of the year  233.01  175.91 
Unrecognised actuarial (gains)/losses    -    - 
Unfunded net (liability) recognised in Balance Sheet*  (233.01)  (175.91)
vii)
basis)
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
1 Year  10.40  11.54 
2-5 years  82.80  51.56 
6-10 years  103.09  75.31 
More than 10 years  408.26  298.38 
*Included in provision for employee benefits (Refer note 21)
vi) A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumption is as shown below:
Defined benefit obligation (Base) 
38  Related Party Disclosures:    
(A) Names of related parties and description of relationship as identified and certified by the Company:
    
(i) Subsidiaries   
Leafiniti Bioenergy Private Limited
TruAlt Gas Private Limited   
31 March 
2026
31 March 
2025
Decrease Increase Decrease Increase
Discount rate ( +/-1)  259.54  210.60  196.36  158.70 
(% change compared to base due to sensitivity) 11.40% (9.60%) 11.60% (9.80%)
Salary Growth rate ( +/-1)  210.87  258.50  158.81  195.62 
(% change compared to base due to sensitivity) (9.50%) 10.90% (9.70%) 11.20%
Attrition Rate (- / + 50% of attrition rates)  243.92  223.19  188.83  165.77 
(% change compared to base due to sensitivity) 4.70% (4.20%) 7.30% (5.80%)
Mortality Rate (- / + 10% of mortality rates)  233.01  233.01  175.93  175.89 
(% change compared to base due to sensitivity) 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00%
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 326
[page 347]
(ii) KMP     
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, Managing Director
Vishal Nirani, Director     
Anand Kishore, Chief Financial Officer with effect from 19 February 2025     
Sudheer Sannapaneni, Company Secretary with effect from 01 July 2023 till 22 July 2024 and re-appointment on 13 August 
2024 till 31 May 2025     
Monu Kumar, Company Secretary with effect from 03 February 2026     
Durairaj Anand Murugan Jakkampati, Director     
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani, Director     
Chandrasekhar Kanekal, Director     
Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi, Independent Director     
Yagati Badarinarayana Ramakrishna, Independent Director     
Mohith Kumar Khandelwal, Company Secretary with effect from 22 July 2024 (resignation on 13 August 2024)  
Debnath Mukhopadhyay, Chief Financial Officer with effect from 08 May 2023 up to 08 January 2025   
Deepak Kumar Company Secretary with effect from 06 September 2025 to till 28 October 2025    
(iii) Affiliates - Companies in which Key Management Personnel (KMP) have significant influence:    
Badami Sugars Limited*     
Shri Sai Priya Sugars Limited*     
Nirani Sugars Limited*     
MRN Cane Power India Limited*     
Shree Kedarnath Sugar And Agro Products Limited*     
MRN Chamundi Canepower and Biorefineries Private Limited*     
Nirani Holdings Private Limited     
Accutrade Global LLP     
*Pursuant to Composite scheme of amalgamation approved by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru 
Bench, on 10 January 2024, these companies have merged into MRN Chamundi Canepower and Biorefineries Private 
Limited. Subsequently, MRN Chamundi Canepower and Biorefineries Private Limited was converted to a public company, 
MRN Chamundi Canepower and Biorefineries Limited. On 15 July 2024, the name of MRN Chamundi Canepower and 
Biorefineries Limited was changed to Nirani Sugars Limited.     
(B) Details of transactions with related party in the ordinary course of 
business for the year ended:
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Sale of steam, diesel and chemicals
- Nirani Sugars Limited (erstwhile MRN Chamundi Canepower And  10,195.11  7,730.35 
 153.46 
Total  10,348.57  7,730.35 
Purchase of raw material
- Nirani Sugars Limited (erstwhile MRN Chamundi Canepower And  87,317.92  1,07,323.69 
- Accutrade Global LLP  969.21    - 
Total  88,287.13  1,07,323.69 
Sale of Land
- TruAlt Gas Private Limited  69.20    - 
Total  69.20    - 
Expenses towards secondary sale of shares
-Nirani Holdings Private Limited    -  1,507.69 
Total    -  1,507.69 
Cost of services
 9.72  43.91 
Total  9.72  43.91 
Rent expense 
- Nirani Sugars Limited (erstwhile MRN Chamundi Canepower And  37.23  13.50 
Total  37.23  13.50 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 327
[page 348]
Rent Income
 3.98  3.61 
- TruAlt Gas Private Limited  3.98  2.89 
Total  7.96  6.50 
Dividend on CCPS 
- Erstwhile Nirani Sugars Limited    -  8.21 
- MRN Cane Power India Limited    -  18.51 
- Shri Sai Priya Sugars Limited    -  4.73 
- Nirani Holdings Private Limited  (Refer note 15)    -  11.51 
Total    -  42.96 
Interest income on loans and advances
 18.45  16.33 
Total  18.45  16.33 
Reimbursement of expenses
 350.69  128.75 
Total  350.69  128.75 
Remuneration paid to KMP
- Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  257.44  261.03 
- Vishal Nirani  257.44  261.03 
- Anand Kishore  62.55  16.28 
- Debnath Mukhopadhyay    -  96.64 
- Sannapaneni Sudheer  3.95  24.03 
- Durairaj Anand Murugan Jakkampati  50.48  57.06 
- Mohit Kumar Khandelwal    -  1.58 
- Monu Kumar*  15.62    - 
Total  647.48  717.65 
(C) Amount (due to)/from related party as on:
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Trade payables to related party (Refer note  24)
- Nirani Sugars Limited (erstwhile MRN Chamundi Canepower And  (17,243.65)  (34,395.71)
 (3.80)  (26.82)
Total  (17,247.45)  (34,422.53)
Balance dues from/(to) related parties for transactions undertaken on 
behalf of the Company
- Nirani Sugars Limited (erstwhile MRN Chamundi Canepower And  (7.19)  (2,789.18)
- Nirani Holdings Private Limited  (Refer note 15)  1,507.69  1,507.69 
- TruAlt Gas Private Limited  109.29  2.89 
Total  1,609.79  (1,278.60)
Advances to related parties
- Shri Sai Priya Sugars Limited    -  140.26 
- Nirani Sugars Limited (erstwhile MRN Chamundi Canepower And    -  1,329.05 
- Accutrade Global LLP  4,030.79    - 
Total  4,030.79  1,469.31 
*KMP with effect from 03 February 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 328
[page 349]
Dividend payable
- Erstwhile Nirani Sugars Limited    -  (8.21)
- MRN Cane Power India Limited    -  (18.51)
- Shri Sai Priya Sugars Limited    -  (4.73)
- Nirani Holdings Private Limited    -  (11.51)
Total    -  (42.96)
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
A) Intercorporate loan to Subsidiary (Refer note 9)
Opening balance  266.33    - 
Given during the year    -  250.00 
Interest  16.60  16.33 
Repayment  16.33    - 
End of the year  266.60  266.33 
B) Reimbursement of expenses
 350.69  128.75 
Payable to KMP
- Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani  (18.65)  (27.80)
- Vishal Nirani  (18.65)  (27.80)
- Durairaj Anand Murugan Jakkampati  (9.72)  (3.44)
- Anand Kishore  (5.20)  (8.73)
- Monu Kumar  (2.31)    - 
- Sannapaneni Sudheer    -  (2.04)
Total  (54.53)  (69.81)
Refer Note 54 for details of share pledged by the promoters (Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, Sangamesh Rudrappa Nirani, 
Vishal Nirani, Kamala Murigeppa Nirani, Draksyani S Nirani and Sushmita Vijay Nirani) as security for borrowings availed 
by the Company.     
(D) Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions. 
Outstanding balances at the end of reporting period are unsecured and interest free and settlement occurs in cash. For 
the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables relating to amounts owed 
by related parties. This assessment is undertaken each ﬁnancial year through examining the ﬁnancial position of the 
related party and the market in which the related party operates.      
1. Outstanding balances of related parties at the year end are unsecured and settlement takes place in cash.  
2. Remuneration does not include Provision for Leave Encashment and Gratuity as it is provided in the books on the 
basis of actuarial valuation for the Company as a whole and hence individual ﬁgures cannot be identiﬁed. The 
amounts are not expected to be material.     
3. Transaction entered into with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length 
transactions.     
4. There have been no guarantees provided or received for any related party receivables or payables.   
5. For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables relating to 
amounts owed by related parties (31 March 2025: Nil). This assessment is undertaken each ﬁnancial year through 
examining the ﬁnancial position of the related party and the market in which the related party operates.   
6. All above ﬁgures are net of taxes wherever applicable.     
39 Segment reporting
The Company is primarily engaged in the business of manufacture and sale of biofuels. As such, the Company operates 
in a single segment and there are no separate reportable segments. The same is basis conﬁrmation received from the 
Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM).
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 329
[page 350]
(a)  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Investment in mutual funds - Unquoted  406.53  436.08 
(b) Financial assets measured at amortised cost
Trade receivables  40,586.96  33,780.40 
Loans  250.00  250.00 
Cash and Cash Equivalents  4,805.55  14,782.67 
Bank Balances Other than Cash and Cash Equivalents  150.80    - 
Investment    -    - 
 4,021.63  1,719.82 
(c) Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost*
Borrowings (non-current) (Refer note 20)  93,030.81  1,10,286.41 
Current maturities of long-term borrowings (Refer note 22)  21,747.51  15,016.36 
Borrowings (current) (Refer note 22)  43,267.91  27,941.95 
Trade payables (Refer note 24)  26,975.25  46,826.90 
 14,619.86  11,982.18 
40 Disclosures of financial instruments
The Company subsequently measured financial assets and liabilities at amortised cost and therefore there are no financial 
instruments which are subsequently measured at fair value except investment in mutual funds. The financial liabilities 
primarily relates to floating rate borrowings. The management has assessed that fair value of financial assets and 
financial liabilities except investment in mutual funds, is not significantly different from its amortised cost.    
40.1 Financial assets and liabilities
The following tables presents the carrying value and fair value of each of financial assets and liabilities:   
  
Notes:     
1 The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, other bank balances, trade receivables, loans receivable, security deposits 
given and other financial assets, borrowings, trade payables, trade credits and other financial assets and liabilities 
approximate their carrying amount largely due to the nature of these instruments. The Company’s loans given and 
borrowings have been contracted at market rates of interest based on its credit rating. Accordingly, the carrying value of 
such loans approximate fair value.
2 Investments in mutual funds is recorded at fair value. The fair values represent the Net Asset Value ("NAV") as stated by 
the issuers of these mutual fund units in the published statements. NAVs represent the price at which the issuer will issue 
further units in the mutual fund and the price at which the issuer will  redeem such units from the investors.   
3 The Company has not disclosed fair value of lease liabilities in accordance with Ind AS 107.    
4 Investment in equity shares of subsidiaries which are carried at cost, net of impairment and hence are not required to be 
disclosed as per Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments Disclosures”. Hence, the same have been excluded from the above 
table. 
40.2 Fair value measurements
The following is the hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by valuation technique: 
• Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.     
• Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).     
• Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).  
The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:  
   
*excluding lease liabilities
Financial assets/Financial liabilities Fair Value hierarchy Fair Value as at
 31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Financial assets:
Investment in mutual funds - Unquoted Level 1  406.53  436.08 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 330
[page 351]
Notes:
1 There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year.
2 No financial liabilities subsequently measured at fair value.     
41 Financial risk management objectives and policies  
The Company is exposed to various financial risks. These risks are categorised into market risk, credit risk and liquidity 
risk. The Company's risk management is coordinated by the Board of Directors and focuses on securing long term and 
short term cash flows. The Company does not engage in trading of financial assets for speculative purposes. 
(A) Market risk  
Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes 
in market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risk: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk, such as 
equity price risk and commodity risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include borrowings. 
(i) Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market interest rates. The Company exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates 
primarily to the Company’s long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates. The Company manages its interest 
rate risk by having a variable rate loans and borrowings.   
Interest rate sensitivity
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on that portion of 
loans and borrowings. With all other variables held constant, the Company’s profit before tax is affected through the 
impact on floating rate borrowings, as follows:     
(ii) Foreign currency risk
The Company is not exposed to significant foreign currency risk as it does not have any material transactions, 
monetary assets, or monetary liabilities denominated in foreign currencies as at 31 March 2026. Accordingly, 
management believes that fluctuations in foreign exchange rates do not have a material impact on the Company’s 
financial position or performance.
B) Commodity price risk
The  Company is exposed to commodity price risk as operates in production and selling of ethanol to customers. The 
ethanol prices are announced by the Central Government which are based on Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) of 
sugarcane, cost of production of sugar and realisation of by-products.     
(C) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, 
thereby leading to a financial loss. The Company conduct thorough credit assessments before granting credit terms 
and limits to customers, who are then monitored closely for adherence. The Company's ethanol sales are primarily 
made to Public Oil Marketing Companies (“OMCs”) thereby the credit default risk is significantly mitigated. Further, the 
Company keeps a close watch on the realisation of the outstanding amounts which are collected within 12 months and 
has not experienced any significant default.
Financial instruments that are subject to concentrations of credit risk principally consist of trade receivables, loans, 
cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits and other financial assets. None of the financial instruments of the Company 
result in material concentration of credit risk, except for trade receivables.
     
      
Increase/ decrease 
in basis points before tax (₹)
31 March 2026
₹ +40  (459.11)
₹ -40  459.11 
31 March 2025
₹ +40  (500.88)
₹ -40  500.88 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 331
[page 352]
(D) Liquidity risk     
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The 
Company manages its liquidity risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its 
liabilities when due. The Company has access to a sufficient variety of sources of funding and debt maturing within 12 
months can be rolled over with existing lenders. 
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities based on contractual 
undiscounted cash flows:
*The Companies are into the business of production and selling of compressed biogas and allied products i.e. 
Fermented Organic Manure (FOM), Liquid Fermented Organic Manure (FOM) from waste or bio-mass sources like 
sugarcane press mud agricultural residue, cattle dung etc. after purification.
43 Title deeds of Immovable Properties not held in name of the Company     
The Company does not have any immoveable property, whose title deeds are not held in name of the Company.
@Borrowings include interest payable in future reflecting applicable interest rates at the reporting date and these 
amounts may change as applicable interest rates change in future.     
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Up to 6 months  37,439.39  30,157.30 
More than 6 months  3,147.57  3,623.10 
31 March 2026 Less than 12 months 1 to 5 years More than 5 years Total
Borrowings @  33,107.17  1,09,245.62  5,007.65  1,47,360.44 
Trade payables  26,975.25    -    -  26,975.25 
Lease liabilities  130.44  384.57  61.33  576.33 
 14,619.46  0.40    -  14,619.86 
 74,832.32  1,09,630.59  5,068.98  1,89,531.88 
31 March 2025 Less than 12 months 1 to 5 years More than 5 years Total
Borrowings @  28,555.15  1,30,580.52  19,621.12  1,78,756.79 
Trade payables  46,826.90    -    -  46,826.90 
Lease liabilities  174.34  638.66  74.00  887.00 
 11,981.78  0.40    -  11,982.18 
 87,538.17  1,31,219.58  19,695.12  2,38,452.87 
Name of the entities Relationship Place of business Ownership % 
March 31, 2026
Ownership % 
March 31, 2025
Subsidiary at any time during the year
Subsidiary India 51.00% 100.00%
TruAlt Gas Private Limited* Subsidiary India 51.00% 0.00%
42 Disclosure of significant interest in subsidiary as per Ind AS 27 para 17
Trade receivables including retention money      
Customer credit risk is managed by the Company’s established policy, procedures and control relating to customer 
credit risk management. Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on credit terms of 21 to 27 days. 
The Company follows ‘simplified approach’ for recognition of loss allowance on Trade receivables. An impairment 
analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major customers. The calculation is based on 
historical data of expected credit loss, actual credit loss and party-wise review of credit risk. The Company does not 
hold collateral as security. Given that the trade receivables are from public sector OMC companies, no credit risk is 
observed and the payments are usually settled within one year and therefore the loss from time value of money is also 
not significant. Accordingly, no loss allowance is computed for the year ended 31 March 2026. 
The customers retain 3% of the invoice amount which is settled at the end of the season which is typically within a year. 
Retention money that is not settled within a year is tested for impairment.    
The ageing analysis of trade receivables (net of loss allowance) as of the reporting date is as follows:   
  
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 332
[page 353]
44 Details of Benami Property held     
The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the 
company for holding any Benami property.     
45 Relationship  with Struck off Companies under section 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 or section 560 of 
Companies Act, 1956
The Company does not have any transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 
or section 560 of Companies Act, 1956.     
46 Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies
The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory 
period.     
47 Utilisation of Borrowed funds and share premium:
(i) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), :
(a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. 
(ii) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding 
Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
(a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or 
(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.    
48 Compliance with approved scheme(s) of arrangements     
The Company has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current year or 
previous year.     
49 Compliance with number of layers of companies     
The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.
50 Crypto Currency     
The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the year.
51 Wilful Defaulter     
The Company is not declared as wilful defaulter by any Bank or Financial Institution or Other lenders.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 333
[page 354]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026    
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 
S 
No. Ratio Formula
Particulars 31 March  2026 31 March  2025 Ratio 
as on
Ratio as 
on
Variation 
(in %)
Reason for 
variance (if 
change in 
ratio by more 
than 25% as 
compared to 
ratio of previous 
year)
Numerator Denominator Numerator Denominator Numerator Denominator
31 
March  
2026
31 
March  
2025
(a) Current 
Ratio
Current 
Assets / 
Current 
Liabilities
Current Assets= 
Inventories 
+ Current 
Investment 
+ Trade 
Receivable + 
Cash & Cash 
Equivalents + 
Other Current 
Assets 
+Income tax 
assets (net)+ 
Assets held for 
Sale+  Other 
Current 
Liability= 
Short term 
borrowings 
+ Trade 
Payables + 
Liability+ 
Current tax 
(Liabilities) 
+ Contract 
Liabilities+ 
Provisions + 
Other Current 
Liability
 1,41,941.30  1,06,990.74  1,04,729.48  1,02,140.94  1.33  1.03 29.00%
Variance is 
mainly due to 
increase in trade 
receivables, GST 
inputs increase 
and Government 
grants
(b) Debt-Equity 
Ratio
Debt / Equity 
Debt= long term 
borrowing and 
current 
maturities of 
long-term 
borrowings and 
redeemable 
preference 
shares treated 
liability
Equity=  Equity 
+ Reserve and 
Surplus
 1,58,046.23  1,51,350.07  1,53,244.72  76,753.22  1.04  2.00 (48.00%)
Variance is 
mainly due to 
fresh issue of 
shares in IPO
(c )
Debt Service 
Coverage 
Ratio 
(DSCR)
Net 
Operating 
Income / 
Debt Service 
Net Operating 
Income= Net 
taxes + Non-
cash operating 
expenses + 
Debt Service =  
Interest & Lease 
Payments 
+ Principal 
Repayments
 32,197.28  32,609.22  34,624.74  26,996.78  0.99  1.28 (23.00%) NA
(d) Return on 
Equity Ratio
tax less pref. 
Dividend 
x 100 / 
Average 
Shareholder’s 
Equity
Net Income= 
after taxes – 
Preference 
Dividend
Average 
Shareholder’s 
Equity
 8,003.00  1,14,051.64  14,010.11  51,834.78  0.07  0.27 (74.00%)
Variance is 
mainly due to 
decrease in the 
sales value, 
depreciation and 
due to increase 
on fresh issue of 
shares in IPO
(e)
Inventory 
Turnover 
Ratio
Cost of 
Goods Sold 
/ Average 
Inventory
Cost of Goods 
Sold
(Opening 
Inventory 
+ Closing 
Inventory)/2
 1,10,909.25  36,301.47  1,26,797.20  17,985.81  3.06  7.05 (57.00%)
Variance is 
mainly due 
to increase in 
the inventory 
as compared 
to previous 
Financial year.
(f)
Trade 
Receivables 
Turnover 
Ratio
Net Credit 
Sales / 
Average 
Trade 
Receivables
Net Credit Sales
(Opening Trade 
Receivables + 
Closing Trade 
Receivable)/2
 1,67,686.47  37,183.68  1,80,206.33  31,736.60  4.51  5.68 (21.00%) NA
(g)
Trade 
Payables 
Turnover 
Ratio
Net Credit 
Purchases 
/ Average 
Trade 
Payables
Net Credit 
Purchases
(Opening Trade 
Payables + 
Closing Trade 
Payables)/2
 1,41,592.03  36,901.08  1,31,984.85  30,295.98  3.84  4.36 (12.00%) NA
(h)
Net Capital 
Turnover 
Ratio
Net Sales 
/ Average 
Working 
Capital
Net Sales
Working 
Capital= 
Current assets 
– Curr ent 
liabilities
 1,70,465.34  18,769.55  1,88,011.66  (18,309.03)  9.08  (10.27) (188.00%)
Variance is 
mainly due to 
increase in trade 
receivables, GST 
inputs increase 
and Government 
grants which 
leads increase in 
Current assets
(i) Ratio Net Sales Net Sales  8,003.00  1,70,465.34  14,061.53  1,88,011.66  0.05  0.07 (29.00%)
Variance is 
mainly due to 
decrease in the 
sales value, 
depreciation
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 334
[page 355]
S 
No. Ratio Formula
Particulars 31 March  2026 31 March  2025 Ratio 
as on
Ratio as 
on
Variation 
(in %)
Reason for 
variance (if 
change in 
ratio by more 
than 25% as 
compared to 
ratio of previous 
year)
Numerator Denominator Numerator Denominator Numerator Denominator
31 
March  
2026
31 
March  
2025
(j)
Return on 
Average 
Capital 
Employed
EBIT / Capital 
Employed
EBIT= Earnings 
before interest 
and taxes
Average Capital 
Employed= 
(Total Equity 
+ Non-current 
borrowings 
+ Current 
maturities of 
Non current 
borrowings+ 
Current 
borrowings + 
Deferred tax 
liabilities)/2
 26,732.68  2,78,940.08  29,318.75  2,20,374.60  0.10  0.13 (23.00%) NA
(k) Return on 
Investment / Net 
Investment
Net 
Investment= 
Net Equity
 8,003.00  1,51,350.07  14,061.53  76,753.22  0.05  0.18 (72.00%)
Variance is 
mainly due to 
decrease in 
the sales and 
increase in the 
capital due to 
IPO issue
(l)
Fixed assets 
coverage 
ratio
assets/ Total 
long term 
debts
Total long term 
debts  1,99,170.47  1,14,778.32  1,63,415.89  1,25,302.77  1.74  1.30 34.00%
Variance is 
mainly due to 
capitalisation of 
grain projects 
and 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 335
[page 356]
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited
Notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026    
(Amount in ₹ Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
  
 53 Capital management          
The Company’s objective in managing capital is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern while providing 
adequate returns to shareholders and maintaining an optimal capital structure. The Company seeks to maintain a 
prudent balance between debt and equity in order to minimise the cost of capital, preserve financial flexibility, support 
growth initiatives and capital expenditure plans, and sustain a strong credit profile. Capital, for the purpose of the 
Company’s capital management framework, comprises equity share capital, other equity (including securities premium, 
retained earnings and other reserves), and net debt. Net debt represents interest-bearing borrowings net of cash and 
cash equivalents.
The Company’s capital structure consists of equity attributable to the equity shareholders and interest-bearing 
borrowings, which include both long-term and short-term debt. The Board of Directors periodically reviews the 
Company’s capital structure, leverage position, funding requirements and dividend policy in light of business expansion 
plans, operating performance, macroeconomic conditions and shareholder expectations. In order to maintain or adjust 
the capital structure, the Company may adjust dividend payments, issue new shares, refinance or restructure 
borrowings, or undertake other capital management initiatives as considered appropriate. No dividend was declared or 
paid during the year ended 31 March 2026 (31 March 2025: Nil).
The Company monitors capital primarily on the basis of the gearing ratio. For this purpose, gearing ratio is defined as 
total borrowings divided by total equity. The gearing ratio as at the reporting dates is as follows:    
    
The movement in the gearing ratio during the year reflects changes in borrowings and equity attributable to capital 
expenditure, working capital requirements, repayment of loans, accretion to retained earnings from profitability during 
the year, and proceeds raised through the Initial Public Offering.        
The Company is subject to financial covenants under its borrowing arrangements with banks and financial institutions. 
These covenants include, inter alia, maintenance of specified leverage ratios, debt service coverage ratio, interest 
coverage ratio and other financial metrics as agreed with lenders. Compliance with these covenants is monitored on a 
periodic basis through internal reviews of financial performance and cash flow forecasts. As at 31 March 2026 and 31 
March 2025, the Company has complied with all externally imposed capital requirements and financial covenants. 
There were no breaches of covenants during the year.         
No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the year ended 31 March 
2026 as compared to year ended 31 March 2025.         
54 Assets Pledged as Security         
The carrying amounts of assets pledged as security for current and non-current borrowings are:    
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Equity  8,575.26  7,063.16 
Other equity  1,42,774.81  69,690.06 
Total equity (i)  1,51,350.07  76,753.22 
Borrowings  1,58,046.23  1,53,244.72 
Less: Cash and cash equivalents  (4,805.55)  (14,782.67)
Total debt (ii)  1,53,240.68  1,38,462.05 
(iii) = (i) + (ii)  3,04,590.75  2,15,215.27 
Gearing ratio (ii)/ (iii)  0.50  0.64 
 Notes 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Current assets
Inventories 11  52,182.71  20,420.23 
Investments 8  406.53  436.08 
Loans 9  250.00  250.00 
Trade receivables 12  40,586.96  33,780.40 
Cash and cash equivalents 13  4,805.55  14,782.67 
Bank Balances Other than Cash and Cash Equivalents 14  150.80    - 
15  1,693.52  1,515.47 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 336
[page 357]
*As per the Facility Agreement dated 21 February 2023, the Company availed a term loan facility from Union Bank of 
India and India Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (collectively referred to as the “Original Lenders”), 
against which 1,56,02,293 equity shares were pledged.
Subsequently, pursuant to a new Facility Agreement dated 23 February 2024 entered into with State Bank of India and 
India Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (collectively referred to as the “New Lenders”), the said term loan 
facility was taken over by the New Lenders. Upon transition from the Original Lenders to the New Lenders, the 
1,56,02,293 equity shares previously pledged in favour of the Original Lenders were temporarily released on 14 March 
2024. Thereafter, 1,58,80,000 equity shares were pledged in favour of the New Lenders on 24 April 2024.
Pursuant to the Company’s Initial Public Offering (IPO), these pledged shares were released. Subsequently, 2,22,95,674 
equity shares were pledged on 06 November 2025, 11 November 2025 and 19 November 2025 representing 26% of the 
total promoter shareholding as on the date of pledge.
(a) Sanctioned limit with SBI, IREDA, Yes bank, Kotak Mahindra bank, Canara bank, Federal bank, IOB has been secured 
by hypothecation of first charge on stock-in-trade, present and future, consisting of raw materials, goods in process of 
manufacturing finished goods, and other merchandise whatsoever being movable properties and all the debts, that is, 
all the book debts, outstanding's, monies receivables, claims, bills, invoice documents, contracts, guarantees, and rights 
which are now due and owing or which may at any time hereafter during the continuance of this security becomes due 
and owing to the Company. The loan is also supported by first charge by way of an equitable mortgage of industrial land 
(by deposit of title deeds) and subservient charge on entire movable fixed assets and current assets (present and 
future) of the borrower.         
55 Undisclosed income         
The Company does not have any undisclosed income which is not recorded in the books of account that has been 
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year ended 31 March 2026 and corresponding previous year in the tax 
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income 
Tax Act, 1961). 
56 Commitments
57 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets         
The Company does not have any contingent liabilities and contingent assets as at the end of 31 March 2026 (31 March 
2025:Nil).
58  The Code on Social Security 2020         
On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified the four Labour Codes - the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industri-
al Relations Code, 2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020, and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions 
Code, 2020 - consolidating 29 existing labour laws. 
Particulars 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on 
capital account and not provided for (Net of advances)  789.49  22,240.69 
Government grant 16  12,353.05  9,561.50 
Income tax assets  725.36  170.98 
Other current assets 17  28,786.82  23,812.15 
Total Current assets pledged as security  1,41,941.30  1,04,729.48 
Non-Current assets
Freehold land 5  6,454.34  6,452.65 
Building 5  10,158.30  10,546.48 
Temporary sheds 5  5.84  14.09 
Plant and machinery 5  1,81,421.90  1,45,515.25 
5  171.72  206.60 
5  121.61  69.09 
Computers 5  129.28  138.98 
Vehicle 5  411.91  95.16 
Total Non-Current assets pledged as security  1,98,874.90  1,63,038.30 
Shares pledged*  2,229.57  1,588.00 
Total Assets pledged as security  3,43,045.77  2,69,355.78 
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 337
[page 358]
The Ministry of Labour & Employment published draft Central Rules and FAQs to enable assessment of the financial 
impact due to changes in regulations. The Company has reviewed the implications of these new codes and concluded 
that the existing compensation structure and benefit practices were already aligned with the requirements of the code 
on Social Security 2020 prior to its enforcement. Accordingly, no additional impact arising from implementation of the 
code has been determined. The Company continues to monitor the finalisation of Central / State Rules and 
clarifications from the Government on other aspects of the Labour Code and would provide appropriate accounting 
effect based on such developments as needed. 
59 The Company is in the process of carrying out componentisation of certain items of Property, Plant and Equipment 
relating to 3 distillery units which were converted from mono feed to dual feed in the month of November 2025, January 
2026 and February 2026 respectively for each of the distillery in accordance with the requirements of the Indian 
Accounting Standard 16. Considering the size, complexity, and technical nature of the project, the exercise involves 
detailed technical evaluation and identification of significant components. The management expects to complete the 
componentisation exercise by June 30, 2026.         
60 Initial  Public Offerings (IPO)         
During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company completed an Initial Public Offering (IPO) of 1,69,20,967 equity 
shares having a face value of ₹10 per share at an issue price of ₹495 per share. The IPO comprised:   
1,51,20,967 equity shares with a face value of ₹10 each as an issue of fresh equity shares; and 18,00,000 equity shares 
as an Offer for Sale (OFS).         
The Company's equity shares were listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE) 
on 03 October 2025.
The total proceeds from the fresh issue amounted to ₹ 75,000 Lakhs. The utilization of the net IPO proceeds is 
summarized  below: 
As at 31 March 2026, unutilised IPO proceeds aggregated to ₹2,979 lakhs. Of this amount, ₹1,925 lakhs were 
maintained in the IPO Public Issue Account and ₹1,054 lakhs were held in the IPO Monitoring Account.   
61 Subsequent events
There were no significant adjusting events that occurred other than those disclosed/given effect to, in these financial 
statements as of 31 March 2026.         
62 Figures for previous year have been regrouped / reclassified wherever considered necessary and are not material to 
these standalone financial statements.         
S.No Item Head Amount as proposed 
in the offer document
Amount utilised 
upto 31 March 2026
Total Unutilised 
Amount
1 For Capex 15,068 14,014 1,054
2 For Working Capital 42,500 42,500 -
3 For General Corporate Purpose 8,136 8,136 -
4 For Issue Expenses 9,296 7,371 1,925
Total 75,000 72,021 2,979
As per our report of even date
For N. M. Raiji & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. : 108296W
Vinay D. Balse
Partner
Membership No. : 039434
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 May 2026
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited     
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978    
    
    
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani          
Managing Director          
DIN: 07413777          
    
    
Anand Kishore            
Chief Financial Oﬃcer           
              
Place: Bengaluru    
Date: 22 May 2026    
    
Vishal  Nirani 
Director 
DIN: 08434032 
Monu Kumar
Company Secretary
Membership No: A38853
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 338
[page 359]
Registered Address
Trualt Bioenergy Limited
Survey No. 166, Kulali Cross, 
Jamkhandi Mudhol Road, Bagalkot, 
Karnataka, India - 587313
Corporate Ofﬁce
Trualt Bioenergy Limited
Unit No. N-1501, 15th Floor, World Trade Centre, 
Brigade Gateway Campus, Rajajinagar, 
Bangalore - Karnataka, India - 560055