[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
                                  Regd Office : 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
May 28, 2026 
 
To 
 
BSE Ltd,  
Corporate Relationship Department,  
Phiroze Jeejebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 544057  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051  
 
Symbol: HAPPYFORGE  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2026 
held on 22nd May 2026.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, kindly find enclosed the copy of the transcript of 
the Earnings call held on Friday, 22nd May 2026 on the Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2026. 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
FOR HAPPY FORGINGS LIMITED 
 
 
 
BINDU GARG  
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: F6997  
BXXIX-2254/1, Kanganwal Road  
P.O. Jugiana,  
Ludhiana, Punjab, 141120 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Happy Forgings Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript has been edited for grammatical and other transcribing errors. In case of discrepancies, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 22nd May 2026 will prevail. In case of any conflict of factual information with 
published data in the Investor Presentation, the latter should be considered to be accurate. 
 
 
 
           
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH GARG – MANAGING DIRECTOR – HAPPY 
FORGINGS LIMITED 
 MR. PANKAJ KUMAR GOYAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HAPPY FORGINGS LIMITED 
  
 
 
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Happy Forgings Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Shoul d 
you need assistance during this  conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 This conference call may contain forward -looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Garg, Managing Director, Happy Forgings 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ashish Garg: Good morning and a very warm welcome to all of you to Happy  Forgings Limited Q4 FY26 
Earnings Call. With me, I have Mr. Pankaj Kumar Goyal, CFO of the company; Strategic 
Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Company. I trust everyone has had the chance to review 
our financial statements and investor presentations for Q4 and FY26, which we have filed with 
exchanges. 
 Let me start by outlining the key highlights for FY '26. FY '26 was another milestone year in our 
journey, reflecting the strength of our business model, disciplined execution and strategic focus 
on value -added growth. Over the last few years, we have stea dily transformed the company 
through capacity expansion, higher machining mix, operational efficiency and a sharper focus 
on profitable growth, and FY '26 is a strong reflection of that journey. 
 During this year, we delivered our highest ever annual profitability with revenues of Rs.1,546 
crores, EBITDA margins at 30.4%, expanding by approximately 160 basis points and PAT 
margins at 19.5%, improving by approximately 90 basis points year -on-year on an adjusted 
basis.  
Q4 FY '26 was equally encouraging with sales growth of around 20% year-on-year and EBITDA 
and PAT growth of approximately 30% and 24%, respectively. This resulted in our best ever 
quarterly performance across key parameters supported by strong execution, better product mix 
and operational leverage. 
 Gross margins, EBITDA margins and PAT margins for the quarter stood at 59.4%, 31.5% and 
19.7%, respectively. Our finished goods volume grew by 11% during the year, while realizations 
remained broadly stable at Rs.245 per kg despite softening raw material prices. This reflects the 
strength of our customer relationship, product portfolio and increasing share of value -added 
products. 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 In recent months, we have seen some increases in raw material prices and in other manufacturing 
costs due to ongoing U.S. Iran issue. As per existing arrangements, we expect the raw material 
increases to be passed on to the OEMs. We are also in active discussions with the customers 
regarding inflation in our other manufacturing costs and remain hopeful of cost recovery. 
Commercial vehicle continued to remain our largest segment, contributing 37% of FY '26 
revenue. The domestic segment witnessed healthy momentum during the year, supported by 
improving affordability following GST rationalization, sustained infrastructure sp ending, 
healthy freight activity and improved fleet utilization. Industry data indicates strong mid -teens 
growth in domestic MHCV truck production and sales volume in FY '26 and other domestic 
segment growth was in line with that. Domestic industry outlook for FY '27 remains stable with 
expectations of continued replacement demand and infrastructure -led growth. However, global 
markets, particularly North America and Europe reported 9% to 10% decline in unit sales and 
also led to single-digit decline for us as well in our export-dependent CV segment sales.  
Farm equipment contributed 32% of our total operating revenue in FY '26, growing around mid-
teen range during the year for us. The domestic tractor industry demonstrated strong growth 
during the year, supported by favorable monsoons, healthy reservoir levels, improved rural cash 
flow and strong agriculture output. Industry volumes also benefited from increasing 
mechanization trends and improved affordability. Export markets declined further during the 
period. Export markets in Europe and U.S. are expected to remain broadly stable in calendar 
year 2026 and the long -term structural outlook for the industry remains positive given India's 
relatively low farm mechanization levels and rising adoption of higher horsepower tractors. 
 Industrials contributed 14% of our operating revenue and delivered stable performance during 
the year in line with our overall growth. Demand remains healthy across power generation, 
renewable energy, wind energy, railways, oil and gas and digital infrastr ucture. The broader 
capital goods and industrial ecosystem continue to remain strong, supported by increasing 
government and private sector capex. Investments in renewable energy, transmission and grid 
infrastructure, rail modernization and India's rapidly expanding data center ecosystem are 
expected to continue driving demand.  
Off-highway contributed 11% to our operating revenue. Amid broader categories weakness, the 
domestic off-highway segment saw so ftness on a year -on-year basis. Slower project awards, 
particularly in roads and highway and other infrastructure segments, along with land acquisition 
approval-related delays moderated the pace of project execution. This impacted equipment 
demand during the period and led to a 7% decline  in domestic construction equipment sales. 
Industry conditions in Europe and U.S. remained challenging during this period with a marginal 
decline from prior year.  
Passenger vehicles contributed 6% to our total revenue in FY '26. We have strong visibility on 
incremental business in this segment and expect the contribution to scale up meaningfully over 
the next few years in this segment.  
While the domestic business is witnessing stable growth, the export market segments across CV, 
farm and off-highway is weathering challenges and may stabilize during the year and have some 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
moderate signs of recovery. During the Q4 FY '26, we did see a higher share of export business, 
indicating early signs of demand pickup. 
 One of the important strategic developments in our business has been the increasing 
diversification of our order pipeline. We are seeing growing opportunities in industrial passenger 
vehicle, EV -linked programs and export -oriented businesses. This will gra dually reduce 
dependency on traditional cyclical segments and create a more balanced and resilient portfolio 
over the medium term. 
 Our continued focus on the value addition is also reflected in the product mix. Machining 
contribution increased to 89% in FY '26 compared to 87% in FY '25 and 73% in FY '21. On the 
capacity side, we expanded machining capacity to 68,000 metric tons during the year, including 
an addition of 9,800 metric tons in Q3 FY '26.  
We also commissioned a new 10,000 ton forging line during Q4 of FY '26, while the 4,000 ton 
press is expected to be commissioned in the first half of FY '27. These investments are aligned 
with the strong business opportunities we see ahead.  When we look back at our journey from 
FY '21 to '26, the transformation has been significant.  
Over this period, finished goods volume grew by 1.8x, revenue grew by 2.6x, EBITDA increased 
by 3x and PAT grew by 3.5x. Alongside growth, we improved margins, strengthened the balance 
sheet, reduced debt, improved working capital efficiency and enhanced r eturn ratios. 
Importantly, this growth has been funded through healthy internal cash generation with cash 
generated being almost equal to cumulative capex over the period. We have a AA rated stable 
credit rating, which is among the strongest ratings in the industry for a company of our scale that 
is not backed by large conglomerate, which reflects the strength of our balance sheet, governance 
standards and financial discipli ne. Our strong balance sheet and cash generation capacities 
provide us significant headroom to fund our growth without relying excessively on external 
capital.  
Looking ahead, our outlook for FY '27 remains optimistic. We expect late -teen volume growth 
for the business while maintaining EBITDA margins broadly in line with FY '26 levels. While 
global uncertainties and input cost inflation continue to remain near-term challenges, we believe 
our strong customer relationship, diversified portfolio and operational strengths position us well 
to navigate the environment effectively.  
Further, as part of our long -term optimization and ESG strategy, we have signed a long -term 
lease of 80 acres of land to develop a captive solar power plant. We further have got approval 
that enables us to enhance our capacity of the proposed plant by additional 10 AC megawatt to 
35 AC megawatts with a total capacity outlay of up to Rs.170 crores. This initiative is expected 
to reduce our annual power cost significantly with partial benefits starting from FY '28 and full 
benefits accruing thereafter. 
 Overall, we believe we are well positioned for the future, supported by the high capacity, 
improving product mix, strong customer relationship, healthy balance sheet and a strategic and 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
a clear strategic road map for growth.  With that, I would like to invite our CFO, Mr. Pankaj 
Kumar Goyal, to take you through the detailed financial performance for the quarter. Thank you. 
Pankaj Kumar Goyal: Thank you, Ashish, and good morning, everyone. I hope I'm audible to everyone. Let me now 
take you through the key financials and operational highlights for the fourth quarter and the full 
year ended FY '26. We delivered a strong operational and financial performance during the year, 
reflecting the resilience of our business model and disciplined execution.  
For Q4 FY '26, revenue from operations stood at Rs.424 crores, while the full year FY '26 
revenue came in at Rs.1,546 crores. This translated into a strong year-on-year growth of 20.4% 
for the quarter and 9.8% for the year. On the operational front, we reported robust volume growth 
of 20.6% in Q4 FY '26 and 10.9% for FY '26 on a year-on-year basis.  
Realization remained stable both for the quarter and the full year at around Rs.245 per kg. Gross 
profit for the quarter stood at Rs.252 crores, while for FY '26, it is Rs.915 crores, registering a 
year-on-year growth of 21.9% and 11.9%, respectively. Consequently, gross margin increased 
to 59.4% for the Q4 FY '26 and 59.1% for the full year by 70 basis points and 140 basis points, 
respectively. 
 EBITDA for Q4 FY '26 came in at Rs.133 crores, reflecting a strong growth of 30.4% Y -o-Y. 
For FY '26, EBITDA stood at Rs.471 crores, up by 15.7% Y -o-Y basis. EBITDA margin 
improved at 31.5% for the quarter and 30.4% for the full year. That's by 240 basis points and 
157 basis points for the quarter and full year, respectively, supported by operating leverage and 
continued focus on operational efficiencies. 
 Other income for Q4 FY '26 came in at Rs.6 crores versus Rs.10 crores in Q4 of previous year. 
Other income for the full year was Rs.31 crores, similar to that in FY '26 after excluding one -
time insurance income. Other income was affected by roughly Rs.4.5 crores in Q4 because of 
adverse foreign exchange movements. 
 PAT for Q4 FY '26 stood at Rs.84 crores, reflecting a strong growth of 23.6% Y -o-Y. For FY 
'26, PAT stood at Rs.302 crores, up 14.8% Y-o-Y on an adjusted basis. PAT margins improved 
to 19.7% for the quarter and 19.5% for the full year.  Our balance sheet continues to remain a 
key pillar of strength for the organization through focused working capital management and 
disciplined execution.  
We have maintained stability in working capital levels related to FY '25. The reduced working 
capital intensity, coupled with an expanding margins profile enabled strong cash flow 
conversion during the year, resulting in cash flow from operations of approx imately Rs.445 
crores for FY '26. 
 Further, our treasury position has strengthened meaningfully with total liquid assets of around 
Rs.430 crores. This provides us with significant financial flexibility and position us well to fund 
future growth initiatives through internal accruals. We also continue to invest with the long-term 
perspective.  
[[PAGE 7]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Our ongoing capex program is  progressing as planned with a c apex of around Rs.460 crores 
deployed during FY '26. Looking ahead, we expect total capex for FY '27 to be in the range of 
Rs.450 crores to Rs.500 crores, primarily directed towards expanding our high -growth 
capabilities and creating sustainable long-term value for all stakeholders. 
 With that, we are ready to commence the Q&A session. I will turn back to the moderator to 
invite the first question. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Pankaj Tibrewal from IKIGAI Asset Managers. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: First of all, congratulations on good set of results and great to see the balance sheet and cash 
flow discipline. And year -on-year, the cash flow generation was extremely good. So 
congratulations on that. Ashish  ji, what I wanted to understand is that after many quarters, we 
have seen this growth come back.  
Can you just help us understand that you talked about late teens growth on volumes. And with 
that, there will be some steel price inflation. What are the projects which we are doing over the 
next 2, 3 years, how the size and shape of the company will look like? What are the new areas 
we are entering into? Can you just give us some colo ur on the growth side, which will help us 
think about the company in a better way? And over the next 2, 3 years, what is the size and shape 
looking like? 
Ashish Garg: So thank you, sir. With regards to the business and momentum, so if you see from the last 
quarter, in the last quarter and the last 4 months, we were able to acquire another Rs.140 crores 
of new businesses across various sectors, largely on the industrial side, which is towards the data 
center business and also towards the passenger vehicle business.  
So we see that the journey for the PVs and the industrials will continue very strongly in the next 
2 to 3 years. Accordingly, infrastructure is being created. And accordingly, we have a strong 
order book. The order book for the new businesses today stands at nearly Rs.950 crores, which 
will be executed in the next 2 to 3 years.  
And accordingly, infrastructure is getting built, which is a strong diversification point. Even on 
the CV side and on the farm equipment side, especially on the CV side, we expect a large market 
share gain starting from this year as a lot of development has been done for domestic as well as 
global commercial vehicle manufacturers.  
So put together, all this, we see a market share gain starting from this year and also the new 
segmental growth on industrial as well as EV will be a major growth driver going forward for 
next 2 to 3 years.  And if you look at the mix, the mix will change to a decent level where we 
will have commercial vehicle contributing around 27% going forward.  
And you can see there is a complete shift, which will happen from currently around 37%. And 
at the same time, we expect industrials to be a large part of the business, which will be around 
30%-31% from 11% right now. Passenger vehicles, we expect improvement from 6% to almost 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
10% going forward. So these are the major changes we see. And accordingly, infrastructure 
development is being done right now. 
 And product mix, currently, if you see largely the product price that we today cater is around 
Rs.60,000. We are working on the projects where the product price is around Rs.25 lakh starting 
from currently, the heaviest component we do is roughly around 200 kg. And going forward, we 
are talking about 2 tons. So that's kind of a transformation shift we are talking about. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: That's great to hear. The second question is that when you look at last year, there were headwinds 
from export side because of tariffs and because of many other reasons. How do you see the 
export visibility this year across your segments? And are there any new wins both on automotive 
and industrial side? Can you share some detail with us how you're looking at the export front 
this year, please? 
Ashish Garg: We started some of the projects for North America for which we have already started ramping 
up. Large part of the business will start coming from second quarter onwards for North America. 
These are for passenger car sectors. And we have further gained more programs, one more 
program with the same client, which is going to start from FY '28 onwards. That's on the EV 
side.  
On the industrial side as well, we have gained a large order from Europe, and the commencement 
of that will actually start from FY '29 onwards.  So the export sector for the new  and for the 
existing clients, as we see, CV as per the company and as per the recent comment ary, we are 
seeing that should grow this year by single digit, by mid-single digit this year.  
And inventories are more or less aligned and should be a decent year in terms of exports to 
Europe in terms of  which is our main contribution today. Also on the industrial side and with 
currency favouring, we see export segment will grow as there is a lot of opportunity coming 
from Europe at this point of time. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Sahil Sanghvi: And again, many congratulations for outstanding results. Just continuing on the previous 
participant, what kind of price hikes are you asking from your customers in terms of percentage? 
Would it range in roughly 5% to 7% covering the raw material inflation and the other input costs 
with logistics or any kind of manufacturing cost? 
Ashish Garg: If you look at our cost structure because we are into a very high value-add product and steel is a 
pass-through for us. On the domestic side with 1 month lag and on the export side with a lag of 
1 quarter. So we are not worried about the steel price pass -through. With regards to the cost, 
there is the cost increases on the side of fuel.  
So 7% today constitutes power and fuel and 1% is fuel for us. And on the fuel side, if you see, 
we have seen 30% to 40% hike because LPG and fuel costs have gone up. But if you look at the 
total picture, it is just 1% of our cost. So we can see that around  0.3%, 0.4% cost increases on 
the fuel side. 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 With regards to the other manufacturing expenses, there are certain freight hikes and hikes on 
account of carbide consumption and other packaging materials for which company is in 
discussion. So besides the steel price, we are expecting around 3.5% to 4% i ncrease on selling 
price from our customers, for which our teams are in discussion. We have received the 
confirmation from a few OEMs. We are hopeful to get it from 1st of April. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Got it. That's helpful. The numbers that you've given on the new orders received or the order 
book now with having the new orders, that includes the heavyweight forgings also, right? 
Ashish Garg: That includes the? 
Sahil Sanghvi: Heavyweight forgings that we are venturing into? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. So out of Rs.950 crores, Rs.250 crores of order book is currently on the heavy businesses 
related to data center and which is currently in a range of 700 kgs to 1.8 tons. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vijay Pandey from Axis Capital. 
Vijay Pandey: Congratulations on excellent set of numbers. Sir, a couple of questions. First on the cost inflation 
and energy inflation. Are you seeing any impact in the current quarter? And like how is the 
negotiation with the OEMs going in terms of the price increases? 
Ashish Garg: So as just explained, with regards to the cost hikes, you can see that 60% for us is a gross margin. 
And if you look at the manufacturing cost, around 7% is power and fuel. So power, there is no 
hike for us. Fuel is 1% of the cost where the cost hike is th ere by almost 35%, 40%, which is 
0.3%, 0.4% of the sales value.  
And there are other manufacturing-related costs, which have gone up by 2%, 2.5% of revenue, 
which are regarding the carbide prices, packaging goods and freight, etcetera. And for this, we 
are in touch with our customers, and we have confirmations received from our customers to pay 
it out from 1st of April. 
 So that has been in discussions. I think another 10, 15 days, we should be having confirmation 
from 70% to 80% of our customers on this where PO amendments will start. So that's how we 
are looking at it. Plus there is an improvement in scrap prices, which will also support us in 
current scenario. 
Vijay Pandey: Okay. That's good to hear. And secondly, sir, how is our export demand looking now given the 
entire scenario, the geopolitical scenario and -- but there was an expectation that the Europe 
demand should improve this year. So just want to get an idea how it' s looking for you  and for 
the industry as well? 
Ashish Garg: So the export demand is robust, I must say. And the programs which were done in the last 2 
years are taking good shape and are in good demand right now. The ramp -up is projected to 
happen as per the timelines, and we are working with OEMs on the same. So there is no delays.  
In fact, we are pushing hard to ramp up for all these projects. So that is the condition today. And 
we are not seeing any delays on the current projects.  As far as demand from our existing 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
customers are concerned on the European markets, the demand is expected to improve by around 
single digit this year.  
At the same time, we see a lot of new projects from Europe because of the currency depreciating, 
there are a lot of benefits to European OEMs. And because of the gas pricing surging in Europe 
makes a lot of business competitiveness from India, right, at this point of time. So that has been 
in discussions, and we expect because Q4, we were able to generate new order book of almost 
Rs.150 crores per annum. And we can see a very fast churn is happening in terms of the new 
businesses, which are coming to us. 
Vijay Pandey: Okay. And lastly, sir, so we have -- previously also you had given us a little bit feedback about 
the new capex. Just if you can highlight what is the status? How is it progressing? And what 
should we expect like from when we can expect the revenue and potentially what can be the 
peak revenue from that business? 
Ashish Garg: So there is a capex which is going on the 10,000 ton forging press line, which was already done 
in last year Q4, for which major sector that will cater will be CV, farm and industrials, which is 
in line with the growth. And there is another 4,000 ton press line, which is starting by first 
quarter, which is expected to start very soon, which is kind of dedicated for the pass car sector 
for which we have large orders in hand, which is also going well in advance.  
There is one capex, which is done on the wind side, especially for the wind pinion shafts, which 
is also in line, which is also starting from second quarter, for which also there is a good order 
books in hand. And by end of FY '27, we expect to complete our large capex, which is inclined 
towards the data center and heavy engine requirements. 
And for which the trials will start in early FY '28 and should start expecting businesses from Q3, 
Q2 of FY '28. It's largely the machined businesses with a realization of almost Rs.800 to Rs.1,000 
a kg. And there is a testing period required, and that's expected to start from third quarter of FY 
'28. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities Private Limited. 
Mihir Vora: So sir, basically, one question here is we see a very strong margin improvement over the last 
few quarters now. And even despite our PV mix increasing and CVs and farms staying stable, 
some more colour here on what kind of product or what realization here are we going into, which 
is driving this sort of a margin growth because it is on the gross margin front, we have seen an 
improvement. So some colour on that front like what new initiatives or what products are being 
added? 
Ashish Garg: So sir, the PV businesses and the industrial businesses, which are growing fast, if you see, and 
also some of the new CV programs that we have taken are at higher realization, which is kind of 
driving the entire gross margin. And the businesses, if you tal k about the Rs.950 crores 
businesses which are in hand today, if you look at the realization for those businesses, it comes 
out to Rs.340, Rs.350 a kg. And today, we are at averaging around Rs.240, Rs.245.  
[[PAGE 11]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
So we expect that on a medium-term basis, this gross margin improvement will happen because 
of the businesses in hand and the businesses are far more complex in terms of its tolerances and 
in terms of its requirements. So that is how we see this overall pi cture on the gross margin side 
improving going ahead as well. 
Mihir Vora: Right. And do we -- in the new products, which we have entered here into PVs or industrials, do 
we see some kind of market share gains further which will happen into that driven by sort of 
proven in terms of capabilities and forgings? 
Ashish Garg: So PVs with one of our large customers, we were at around 32% market share, which has 
improved from 32% to 47% from this financial year. We are ramping up for this customer. We 
have added one more line. And even on the CV side, we expect a good market shar e 
improvement in this year as we have started working with -- we have started large invoicing for 
large domestic CV players. So this is there on the market share side. And we expect this 
improvement to continue as there are other programs also starting in Q4 for the same OEMs. 
Mihir Vora: Okay. Sir, just secondly, something which is sort of a broader set here. Our domestic CV leader 
has now acquired a company in Europe. And basically, still it is too early to say, but do we see 
this kind of scenario where they will sort of shift some supply for the European components to 
India? What kind of broader growth like in a 4-year, 5-year period? Do we expect some kind of 
traction from that as well? 
Ashish Garg: Can you come once again with your first question? 
Mihir Vora: So what I'm saying is that our leading CV OEM, basically Tata, they acquired a company in 
Europe. And now basically, in that sense, do we see an opportunity in a 3-4 years down the line 
period when the component shift from Europe can happen to India? 
Ashish Garg: So that can happen. The discussions are ongoing, but it will be too early to say whether Tata 
Motors will be handling the sourcing for them. So it will be too early to say. But yes, discussions 
are ongoing. 
Mihir Vora: Okay. Sir, finally, the capex outlay will continue to be in this range at the Rs.400 crores mark 
for next year? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. Just a second. So next 2 years, planned capex will be in the range of Rs.800 crores. 
Mihir Vora: Okay.  
Ashish Garg: And this includes the capex on the solar side as well. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Jaiprakash Kumhar from Korman Capital. 
Jaiprakash Kumhar: Hi, sir question on the margin, but it got a little bit cleared with the last question. But just clarity, 
the current 1 year you are selling at Rs.30, Rs.45 you said and the order book of Rs.950 crores 
has a realization of Rs.340 crores to Rs.300 crores. So almost 10x increase in realization. Did I 
hear that correctly? 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Ashish Garg: So our current realization is at Rs.245 a kg. And the new businesses with Rs.245 a kg are current 
realization, whereas the new businesses in hand have a realization of between Rs.345 to Rs.350 
a kg. 
Jaiprakash Kumhar: Okay.  
Ashish Garg: So roughly around Rs.90, Rs.95 per kg is the difference between the new businesses in hand and 
with the existing business, which also contains the legacy forge business. 
Jaiprakash Kumhar: Okay. Got it. So it means that basically the current level of margins could improve going 
forward, right, becau se the realizations are higher o r are there any other costs because 
depreciation might be higher? Is there any additional labor cost or anything, which is involved 
and could bring down the margins or it's just higher realization means automatically….  
Ashish Garg: Higher realizations that we are working more towards the technology components and it's a 
higher precision requirement. So manpower is not a major issue in this because on heavy 
components, the cycle times are more. So gross margins will definitely improve  and which 
should have positive impact on the EBITDA margins as well.  
So that's on the medium -term outlook as we can see that the businesses in hand have a better 
realizations. Even if you see in this year, the gross contribution has remained the same despite 
raw material prices falling by almost 6% reduction was there in the raw material prices. Even 
despite of that, the realization has been similar to last year, which has probably helped us in 
improving our EBITDA margin. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Akash from NV Alpha PMS. 
Akash: Sir, clarification required on the Rs.950 crore s order book that you announced that the new 
orders that we have in place. So that kind of order book is executable in how much time? 
Ashish Garg: This is within 2.5 to 3 years period. 
Akash: Understood. Because I think last time this order book was around Rs.800-odd crores, and I think 
that you have given a longer timeline? 
Ashish Garg: No, it was FY '27, '28, '29. 
Akash: Understood. Okay. And the realizations that you mentioned, the average realization on this new 
order book of around Rs.340, Rs.350, that will include the orders for the new plant as well, right, 
where we have realization of almost Rs.700, Rs.800 per kg, right? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. 
Akash: Understood. Yes. So secondly, sir, I wanted to understand what has been our growth on the CV 
side in value and volume terms? Like have we grown in market share here this year? 
Ashish Garg: Just a second. So Q4 the domestic growth on the CV side was almost 27%. And on the PV side, 
it was around 35%. On the export side, there was a degrowth on the CV side by almost 25%. 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
And off-highway domestic, there was a degrowth of 6%. Industrials grew by almost 32% on the 
domestic side. 
Akash: Understood, sir. Sir, our industrials as a share hasn't grown if we look for FY '26 versus FY '25, 
I think even on absolute as well as absolute terms, we haven't grown that significantly. 
Relatively, I think we have gone down 1%. I think 12% was the contribution last year. This time, 
it's around 11-odd percent. So I think we had some orders -- new orders, which are going to start 
for data center players, smaller data center players. So that has started? Or is it still stuck due to 
the tariff and all of that? 
Ashish Garg: So the projects that were there was not for data center. It was for heavy engine, which is ongoing. 
And if you look at HFL growth on the industrial side, the domestic has grown by almost 59%, 
whereas exports were down by almost 11% this year. 
Akash: For industrial? 
Ashish Garg: Yes, for industrials. 
Akash: Understood. Yes. The last question on the solar capex, I think are we already done with it? Or 
what is the time line for having our solar plant ready? 
Ashish Garg: It should start generating from Q4 onwards. And next year, potentially, we should be having 
70% to 80% of the benefit for which we have already in the middle of the capex right now. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Maitri Shah from Sapphire Capital. 
Maitri Shah: Yes. Yes. Just 2 questions. Firstly, on the capacity addition. So if you could help me out by the 
end of this year and end of fiscal '28, what sort of capacities we'll have on the forging and the 
machining side? 
Ashish Garg: So forging capacities in the last year have ramped up from 125,000 to 147,000, which is further 
expected to go up to 161,000 by FY '27. And further, it will be enhanced to 187,000 tons, 
addition of almost 26,000 tons from FY '27 to '28. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. And on the machining side? 
Ashish Garg: Machining side, the capacity will improve from 69,000 tons to 82,000 tons by FY '27 and from 
82,000 tons to 87,000 tons by FY '28. 
Maitri Shah: And this heavy engineering section that we are building up the capacity for the data centers and 
heavy engine orders. So all these data center orders, these Rs.200 crores will be executed post 
3Q FY '28 or there will be some execution happening over the course of the next 6, 7 quarters? 
Ashish Garg: We'll start executing from third quarter of FY '28. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. Okay. And any target for FY '28, what sort of volume growth you're expecting? And how 
do you see the margins kind of inching up with these higher value orders coming in? 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Ashish Garg: I don't want to give any specific number to it, but on the overall addition of the businesses, which 
we have in hand, as already discussed, as the gross margin will improve, which will definitely 
have a positive impact on the overall EBITDA margin. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ronak Mehta from ICICI Securities. 
Ronak Mehta: Congratulations, Ashish and team, for a good set of numbers. My question spanning on the CV 
exports, given the fact that this quarter, your CV export declining double digits? 
Ashish Garg: Ronak, we have major exports for CV exports coming from Europe, not from North America. 
So for us, the visibility on order books is good. And we are seeing single-digit kind of a growth 
from these European players this year. 
Ronak Mehta: Understood. So any plans to cater to North American CV OEMs because what we hear from 
other your peers is that the cycle is looking pretty good this year. So any plans to cater to those 
OEMs or... 
Ashish Garg: We have started working and quoting some RFQs, and we have a dedicated team sitting in North 
America for marketing now. So we'll be working in that direction as well. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Prateek Shrivastava from Nivesh Wisdom. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Again, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Your margins are increasing, you are able to 
pass through the increase in steel prices. We are gaining market share. Sir, everything we are 
doing good. The only thing I think that we are missing out is on t his data center. Sir, we are 
seeing that the data center and AI infrastructure boom is happening right now in FY '27. So is it 
possible to sort of fast track this capex and because Q3 FY '28 looks a little late. So what are 
your thoughts on this? 
Ashish Garg: So the programs that we have and where we have to cater and these companies are setting up 
complete plants to cater to these requirements. These infrastructures are not available right now. 
The growth which is expected to come from 28 to 35 is enormous. An d accordingly, as we 
discussed, most of these large companies are creating infrastructure because ultimately, these 
shafts, these products will go in large engines.  
These are large engines will go in large gensets. It's a complete requirement. Even if we move 
very fast, it depends because the infrastructure needs to be in place, which most of these OEMs 
are creating. So we are working hard to create the infrastructure, we are expecting that by Q4, 
we'll be ready. But then there is a development lead time and lead times expected as well, which 
will take 6 to 9 months to start our activities in terms of our revenues. But infrastructure -wise, 
by Q4, we will have most of the infra in place. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Got it. And do we have some sort of MOU, some sort of early agreement with any of these data 
center players who we are working more closely collaborating with? 
Ashish Garg: So we'll be working over it with large engine companies that manufacture large gensets for these 
data centers, and we already have good visibility from these companies. And being a new player 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
in this sector, some OEMs, we are in discussions and are also waiting for infrastructure to be in 
place. So that we already have a good order books, and there is some investments already done 
by these OEMs with us in terms of the development of tool costs and other related activities. So 
that commitment is there. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Okay, looking forward for the next quarterly con call and maybe you can throw more light on 
this in terms of the partnerships, early trials, things like that on this data center. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Advisors LLP. 
Lakshminarayanan: Two questions. I just want to understand what is the contribution of crank shaft in the overall 
business for FY '25 and how is that for FY '26? And the capacities, which you are setting up, are 
we planning to increase the throughput of crank shaft in particular? 
Ashish Garg: Contribution is nearly 50%, I can say, between FY '25 and FY '26. 
Lakshminarayanan: That remains the same for the 2 financial years or it went to an increase? I just want to understand 
the previous year? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. From previous year, it was flattish. But if we look at -- you want to understand going 
forward? 
Lakshminarayanan: Yes. 
Ashish Garg: It will improve. It is going up to 58% to 60% by FY '28, '29. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. And in terms of the commercial vehicle automotive, I understand that there is a decline 
in the heavy commercial vehicles or there is a trend towards tractor trailer, which means that the 
requirement of axles may be changing. Does it -- is that true? And does it actually positively or 
negatively impact us? 
Ashish Garg: So sir, front -axle beam is something that we started late in the industry. And because of this 
change, we have taken up some latest programs on the new axle beams. But regards to crank 
shafts, so we are a very large player on the CV side where we are working and there is no change 
on those sites. Some of the new developments are happening on 9-liter and 10-liter applications 
in the domestic side. And with major players in the industry, we are already there. So if the 
ramp-up will happen for the new set of engines, we already have our products tested for that. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. And, in terms of the new products or the new wins that we have got in this year, is it a 
resultant of completely new products or is it that we have actually displaced a competitor? And 
if so, what is the proposition of us to displace the competitor? 
Ashish Garg: So sir, some are PV programs and PV is a new segment for us, which we started 2, 2.5 years 
back. So all these products are new for us where we have been part of the new growth, which is 
coming in. And also on the export side, some of these products were do ne in-house by some of 
the large OEMs, which they no more are investing in-house.  
[[PAGE 16]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
So there is an opportunity to supply. As far as the other data center -related businesses, there's 
definitely a growth which is coming in. On the domestic side, on the CV businesses, the market 
share is improving for us. And over there, we are definitely wo rking on improving our market 
share. 
Lakshminarayanan: Is it because any other player are vacating a particular product segment? Or is it that your 
proposition is stronger than the incumbent? 
Ashish Garg: So you see in the last 5, 6 years, we have invested very heavily on the crank shaft side of the 
business, which has played well for us. In terms of technology, we are ahead, and there is a lot 
of new investments that has done in the past couple of years where OEMs have started working 
with us 2 to 3 years back, which is kind of helping us gain our market share. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nishant Chowhan from Indusindnippon Life. 
Nishant Chowhan: Sir, firstly, on the farm equipment segment, I would like to know whether this segment is largely 
export-oriented or we cater to domestic players? 
Ashish Garg: So farm equipment is largely domestic for us, but we are also working on some programs on the 
European farm and North American farm side. So next 2 years, we'll also have export share 
improving on the farm side. But currently, it is largely domestic. And w e also have indirect 
exports, which is happening for farm transmission parts, but it is largely domestic. 
Nishant Chowhan: Okay. So sir, this year, particularly, I think farm segment has seen a quite impressive growth of 
20% plus, whereas I think ICRA farm numbers, it would be something around 10%. So is there 
scope for us to get more market share in this particular segment? 
Ashish Garg: So over here, we were working on some new programs. And definitely, this year, we are 
expecting some improvement on the market share side. And so it should start reflecting. So the 
work is ongoing. There is a replacement and there were some developments that has done in the 
last year.  
So it should be in a position to do better this year in terms of our market share on the farm side 
is concerned. And also on the capacity side, we have invested in the last year on 2 crank shaft 
machining lines also the farm side. So we expect the utilizat ion levels will improve on those 
lines. 
Nishant Chowhan: Okay. And sir, finally, I think your volume guidance of high teens for this particular year is quite 
encouraging. But sir, just if you could give us slightly more details, I mean, which segments 
should we look which would be contributing to the growth quit e heavily? Because I think farm 
and PV segment outlook even by most players is something around flattish to maybe mid-single 
digit. So how would you break up this high teens kind of a growth guidance that you've given? 
Ashish Garg: So for our product range, we are currently at 32% market share on the CV side, which we expect 
to go up to 42% on the MHCV side. So simply on a market share basis, we expect good growth. 
So CV alone, we are expecting almost 35%, 40% growth this year for us  because of the new 
programs and the new ramp-ups, which is ongoing.  
[[PAGE 17]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  May 22, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
On the farm equipment side, we expect market share to improve by almost 4%. We are currently 
at 41%, which should improve to around 45%. So simply on the basis of the market share I'm 
discussing. So yes, as of now, the FADA numbers report signals a good st art because April, if 
you see the FADA report for tractor was like 23% up for farm equipment sector and MHCV, it 
was close to 15%, where HCV was 8% and MCV were almost 27%. So also the pipeline 
inventory for both these sectors are fairly low at this point of time, which gives a good signal in 
terms that the production should continue. 
Nishant Chowhan: Okay. So a high 35% to 40% growth is expected this year? 
Ashish Garg: Can you come again? 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question of the day. And I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ashish Garg: Thank you, everyone, for joining. To conclude, we are confident that our investments in 
innovation, capacity and customer partnerships will drive sustainable growth and value creation. 
With this, I would like to thank everyone for joining on the call. I ho pe we have been able to 
address all your queries. For any further information, kindly get in touch with Strategic Growth 
Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Happy Forgings Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
