[[PAGE 1]]
 
REGISTERED & CORPORATE OFFICE 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
23 CIRCUS AVENUE, KOLKATA 700017, WEST BENGAL, INDIA 
PHONE: (+91 33)4082 0900 / 7122 0900, FAX: (+91 33)4082 0998 / 7122 0998, EMAIL: info@ramkrishnaforgings.com, WEB: www.ramkrishnaforgings.com 
Date: 02nd February 2026  
 
To 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 532527 
To 
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai- 400 051  
 
NSE SYMBOL: RKFORGE 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Earnings Call Transcript – Q3 & 9M of FY 2025-26 
 
This is further to our intimation dated  20 January  2026 w.r.t Earnings C onference call with 
Analysts/Investors on the  Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated  Financial Results  of the 
Company for Q3 & 9M of FY 2025-26. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript held with Analysts/Investors on Tuesday, 27 January 2026 , at 1 7:00 
Hours (I.S.T). 
 
Copy of the same is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
www.ramkrishnaforgings.com.  
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Ramkrishna Forgings Limited  
 
 
 
 
Rajesh Mundhra 
Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer 
ACS: 12991 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
 
Page 1 
 
 
 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
January 27, 2026 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
• Mr. Naresh Jalan – Managing Director  
• Mr. Chaitanya Jalan – Whole-time Director  
• Mr. Lalit Khetan – Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer  
• Mr. Milesh Gandhi – Whole-Time Director  
• Mr. Rajesh Mundhra – Vice President-Finance and Company Secretary  
 
Moderator: Mr. Joseph George – IIFL Capital Services Limited 
 
External Participants: 
• Balasubramanian – Arihant Capital 
• Tanmoy Roy – Individual Investor 
• Sunny Gosar – MK Ventures 
• Aditya Kumar – Old Bridge Mutual Fund 
• Akash – NV Alpha 
• Devang Shah – Allvest Investment Managers Private Limited 
• Saket Saurabh – Sagari Capital 
• Lakshminarayanan – Tunga Investments 
• Tushar Raghatate – Omega Portfolio Advisers 
• Armaan – Blue Sky Fintech 
 
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 2 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ramkrishna Forgings Q3 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Capital Services Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing s tar then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Joseph George from IIFL Capital 
Services Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. George.  
Joseph George: Hello, thank you Ikra. Hello everyone. On behalf of IIFL Capital, I welcome 
you all to the 3Q FY26 Results Conference Call of Ramkrishna Forgings.  
I also welcome the senior management of Ramkrishna Forgings. We have 
with us Mr. Naresh Jalan, Managing Director; Mr. Chaitanya Jalan, Whole 
time Director; Mr. Lalit Khetan, Whole time Director and CFO, Mr. Milesh 
Gandhi, Whole time Director; Mr. Rajesh Mu ndhra, VP Finance and 
Company Secretary.  
Now I'll hand over the call to the management. Over to you, Sir. 
Lalit Khetan: Thank you, Joseph. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
on this call to discuss the Q3 & 9-month FY26 earnings. I trust all of you 
have had a chance to review the earnings document that we have shared 
earlier today.  
Q3 FY26 was a mixed quarter marked by a combination of emerging 
opportunities and continued volatility in the global operating 
environment. Geopolitical tension, more frequent headlines around tariff 
actions and evolving trade alignments continuing to affect sentiments. 
This was further compounded by currency volatility and elevated input 
costs. Notwithstanding these challenges, the quarter al so presented 
meaningful opportunities, customers across Europe and Asia are 
increasingly recognizing the strategic importance of diversifying supply 
chains, creating incremental engagement and new business prospects 
for us across multiple regions.  
In contrast, the domestic operating environment has been much more 
conducive for growth. Strong macroeconomic fundamentals, including 
steady industrial activity, resilient IIP growth, moderating inflation and a 
stable interest rate environment have contributed to a healthier and more 
predictable business climate. 
[[PAGE 4]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 3 
 
 The GST rate rationalization implemented in September played a 
meaningful role in reviving customer sentiment in the automotive 
segment. And following a period of subdued demand and lower tax rates 
and reduced on -road prices across vehicle category have re sulted in a 
sharp rebound in demand.  
Over the past few years, we have been deliberately pursued a strategic 
agenda to deepen and diversify our domestic footprint through targeted 
investments, product innovations and capability enhancement. As part of 
this effort, we also identified adjacent g rowth segment, most notably 
Railways and Passenger Vehicles.  
The Railway segment, in particular, is demonstrating strong momentum 
for us. We are currently focused on scaling output and expanding our 
penetration within this segment. Our products are now being integrated 
into bogie assemblies. At the same time, we are seeing enco uraging 
traction in the passenger vehicle segment and expect to participate more 
meaningfully in this up cycle through increasing penetration and 
expanding the range of products that we offer. 
 Now let me share some financial highlights for the quarter. For Q3 FY26, 
we reported consolidated net revenue of Rs. 1,098 crores, higher by 2% 
on year-on-year basis compared to Rs. 1,074 crores in Q3 FY25. On a Q -
on-Q basis, revenues were higher by 21% compared to Rs. 908 crores in 
Q2 FY26. A strong performance in domestic market supported by resilient 
performance in international market has helped us to deliver 21% Q -on-
Q top line growth.  
EBITDA, excluding other income, is Rs. 163 crores in Q3, higher by 29% 
year-on-year compared to EBITDA of Rs. 126 crores in Q3 FY25. On Q-o-Q 
basis, EBITDA was higher by 33% compared to Rs. 123 crores in Q2 FY26. 
The EBITDA margin is 14.9% for the quarter and is higher by 140 basis 
points quarter-on-quarter. 
 Profit after tax is Rs. 13.6 crores after exceptional provisioning of gratuity 
and leave on account of new Labour Code of Rs. 10.43 crores. Otherwise, 
it could have been Rs. 24 crores compared to INR 21 crores in Q3 FY25.  
Our confidence in quarters ahead in due to multiple growth levers, 
operations have already ramped up, and we now focus on driving higher 
utilization. Our aluminium forging has been successfully commissioned, 
and commercial production has commenced. Our casting facility is ready 
and is under trial run and shall commission commercial production in Q4 
FY26. And we remain confident of ramping up utilization levels in coming 
quarters.  
[[PAGE 5]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 4 
 
The machining facility in Mexico is nearing commissioning and is 
expected to become operational shortly, further strengthening our global 
manufacturing footprint. Additionally, our Rail Wheel joint venture 
remains on track and with the commencement of trial production 
anticipated in the end of Q4 FY26.  
With that, I would like to hand over the proceeding to Mr. Milesh Gandhi, 
Whole-Time Director. Thank you, and over to you, Milesh. 
Milesh Gandhi: Thank you, Lalit ji. I would like to brief that during the quarter 3, the 
Company secured new orders worth Rs. 680 crores with a program life of 
4 years. Approximately 66% of these orders were from the automotive 
sector and the balance 34% were from the non -automotive segments, 
reflecting continued progress in our Company's diversification strategy.  
In Q3 FY26, auto orders amounting to Rs. 406 crores is from the CV 
segment, around Rs. 26 crores is from the passenger vehicle segment, i.e. 
the PV segment and Rs. 18 crores is from the EV segment.  
In Q3 FY26, non -auto orders amounting to Rs. 189 crores, out of the Rs. 
230 crores is from the oil and gas segment. Would also like to mention a 
few more details.  
Against our railway business, the bogie assemblies, which is a good value 
addition as assembly supplies along with our core items, frames and 
bolsters. Bulk supplies have started going to Indian Railways. With our 
solid launch and ramp -up, we have qualified for bulk orders and Indian 
Railways has started showing a demand worth Rs. 2,000 crores itself for 
the forthcoming year. 
 I would also like to add upon with the current European Union ‘Free Trade 
Agreement’, this will further help us and Europe will be more keen in 
buying forged and cast parts from India. And the current duties that are 
levied will be over and we will become more attractive to the customers 
over our other competitors. That's from my side. Thank you. 
Lalit Khetan: Thank you, Milesh. And now I hand over the proceedings for Q&A.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Mr. Balasubramanian from 
Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: Good afternoon, Sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, we have 
received new orders of Rs. 680 crores and what is the mix between 
domestic and export? And how does the order pipeline look for Q4 and 
beyond? 
[[PAGE 6]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 5 
 
Milesh Gandhi: Out of the Rs. 680 crores order that we have received, mainly this order is 
coming mainly from the domestic market on the maximum side, around 
60% of it is coming from the domestic side, 40% from the export side. Way 
forward, our order books are still strong. And with all our capacity that we 
are adding up to, this is helping us to fetch more orders and make sure our 
capacity is utilized in a better way. 
Balasubramanian: Okay. Sir, I think domestic revenue also increased to nearly 67% - 68% in 
9M FY26 compared to 59% in FY25. And if you look at North America 
exports has been declined to 55% compared to 71% in last 9 months  
FY25. How do you look at domestic as well as North America export side 
over the medium term.  
Like we are strategically shifting to domestic because of this tariff and 
secondly railway business nearly 7.3% of business in 9 monthFY26. I think 
we are in the process of forged wheels JV and bogie assemblies. It's in trial 
production. And what is the targeted revenue contributions from railway 
side in the next 3 to 5 years? 
Naresh Jalan: First of all , the wheel production, I think it's not part of the strategy right 
now. Wheel production sales is going to come in the JV and we are right 
now not building any sales from the wheels right now. Assembled bogie 
sales, we are looking at a strong sales number. And I think railway s, we 
are looking at double-digit sales in next 2 years' time. 
 While we continue to grow in other platforms also and improve our 
capacity utilization, railway is going to form a strong pillar of growth for us 
and our order book from railways is extremely strong.  
And in terms of North America and India premix, I think tariff has nothing 
to do with the change in premix right now. Overall demand scenario and 
the build rate in North America has slowed down in the past year. But now 
we are seeing traction coming back. And I think as the build rate improves, 
our North America customers and sales are intact and it is going to 
continue to grow as the build rate improves. 
Balasubramanian: Okay, sir. Sir, I think forging capacity utilization came down to 66% in Q3 
FY26 compared to last Q3 of 79%. Is it because of the demand softness 
or ramp-up in new capacities? How do you look at, I think new capacities 
of alumin ium forging, casting and Mexico machining are under 
commissioning. So how do you look at utilization levels over the next 2 
years, sir? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I think right in the opening statement, as Milesh has said, every 
quarter, I think we are going to strongly push in terms of utilization. And 
[[PAGE 7]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 6 
 
with the order wins we have, all the new capacities which are coming up 
has been backed by equal number of orders. Basically, the time taken for 
approval and stabilization of the capacity, that itself is taking time to get 
to the real numbers for the capacity utilization.  
So, 66% of the utilization, which you see right now is basically on the total 
capacity, which has already been commissioned. Like for alumin ium 
forging, it is about only a couple of months, we have been able to go for 
production. And as we ramp up this capacity to full utilization, I think 
within next 8 to 10 months, you will see full utilization.  
Similarly, in cold forging, where we have almost 25,000 tons of capacity, 
we have right now at a utilization level of 40% because customer 
approvals and other things are still at one stage, other coming in. So, every 
month, it's on an improvement. When we close the next financial year, we 
will be almost at 80% - 85% utilization. So specific to capacities, 
utilizations are low. And as such, in overall scenario, you are seeing 66% 
utilization in the overall increased capacity utilization. But if you compare 
to the capacity, which was earlier there, utilization have  remained same 
or increased from there on. 
Balasubramanian: Okay, Sir. Sir, my last question, I think we have planned around Rs. 500 
crores to Rs. 600 crores kind of debt reduction by end of this year. How 
much we have achieved as of now, sir? 
Lalit Khetan: So, debt as on date is about Rs. 2,250 crores. So , we have achieved 
already Rs. 350 crores of debt reduction in this quarter. And we hope to 
achieve this debt number to below Rs. 2,000 crores, maybe Rs. 1,900 
crores by end of financial year '26. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tanmoy Roy, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Tanmoy Roy: Yes. So yes, first of all , congratulations that they are improving on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. Just want to know one thing that as we know 
that our domestic sales is now going up and export sales is more or less a 
little bit going down only. But the realization -wise, do you thi nk that 
domestic sales realization can cover up the export sales drop? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I don't think domestic sales can cover up in terms of the entire 
realization in terms of export sales. But I think in the overall traffic, when 
you see in terms of the order wins which we have had , you will be able to 
see in coming days, our exports also considerably improving.  So, we are 
looking at upward in terms of realization in overall between domestic and 
exports together. So, in isolation, domestic also will improve in terms of 
[[PAGE 8]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 7 
 
our realization, but we don't foresee any drastic drop in terms of our 
exports. 
Tanmoy Roy: Okay. Good. So, another thing is like you said you are not considering that 
railway wheel sales in your projection. So, when do you think it can 
considerably come in revenue from which financial year onwards? 
Naresh Jalan: In terms of railway , wheel revenue is going to come from FY '27 onwards 
itself. But it is because it is in the joint venture, we have not considered it 
as a revenue in terms of RKFL consol balance sheet, we are not taking it 
as a revenue right now. We will see post the project is commissioned and 
commercial production starts. 
Tanmoy Roy: Okay. So maybe from Q1, I mean we're anticipating Q1 or Q2? 
Naresh Jalan: No. I think commercial production is going to start from Q2 onwards. 
Tanmoy Roy: Okay. And how the utilization you are anticipating currently for 74% in 
total capacity of what you have, right? So how do you see it ramping up 
over the next few quarters, like when do you see? 
Naresh Jalan: I think we have a very strong order book in terms of RKFL between casting 
and forgings. And we feel that, going forward, we will be able to, as every 
quarter, improve in terms of our utilization. I cannot put a number to it, but 
with the order book we have, we are looking at a very strong consolidation 
and strong performance in terms of our utilization in coming months. 
Tanmoy Roy: And the same on the depreciation also, we can consider the current run 
rate, or it will be increasing from now on? 
Naresh Jalan: Can you repeat your question, please? 
Tanmoy Roy: So, the more you say a good ramping up on your capacity. So, 
depreciation also will be in the same range in the coming quarters or it will 
be like more or less? 
Naresh Jalan: Lalit, can you answer the question? 
Lalit Khetan: Depreciation is almost going to be in the same range because 1 or 2 
machines which are under capitalization. So that will give it a marginally 
increase. But in Q4, we don't see an increase in depreciation. Maybe from 
Q1FY’27, a little bit, but that is not significant. 
Tanmoy Roy: That's what I was just trying to understand. So more of the machining is 
already done, I think but not too heavy depreciation from next few 
quarters onwards. That's what I was trying to understand. 
[[PAGE 9]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 8 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sunny Gosar from MK Ventures. 
Sunny Gosar: My first question is regards to the North America business. So, FY '25, we 
were north of about Rs. 1,000 crores of revenue. And for the first 9 months, 
we've clocked about Rs. 480 crores, which basically on a 9 -month 
comparative basis is down more than 40%. So basically, if you can give us 
some understanding of how the business environment in North America 
is shaping up?  How is the Class 8 build rates currently as compared to  
last year? And what is the overall outlook in terms of the North America 
business with all the new orders that we have won? 
Naresh Jalan: I think, Sunny for the build rate right now, we have seen December, the 
new order which has come in North America Class 8. I think we need to 
see how January performs. But from whatever offtakes we are seeing from 
customers, we are seeing improvement, we are not very optimistic, but 
we are very cautious right now. But what we can confidently say the worst 
is behind in terms of the North America sales. 
From here, you will see what we have budgeted for is almost 10% Y -o-Y 
increase, in terms of the build rate and consumption in terms of our 
exports to North America from our existing clients. And the new clients 
and the new order wins, which we have added is going to compensate us 
most of the losses which we have made in this year in terms of the 
utilization or in terms of the total sales in North America. 
 So, I think we are confident that in FY '27, we will meet most of the losses 
in terms of top line, which we have had in North America, which you are 
seeing in last 9 months. From this quarter onwards to next in FY '27, we'll 
see almost we are back to normal in terms of the overall business we are 
doing in North America. It may be not from existing customers, it will be 
with addition of new customers, which we have already had. 
Sunny Gosar: Got it. And in terms of the overall revenue mix, so say, last year we were 
at about 60% domestic about 40% export. In this quarter our mix is about 
70% domestic 30% export. Now based on like the new order wins and the 
overall robustness in the domestic business environment, how do we see 
this mix changing, say over FY '27? Because this will also be kind of a key 
determinant to the profitability considering exports has relatively better 
profitability as compared to domestic? 
Naresh Jalan: So, Sunny, I think with the addition of new capacities of castings and 
forgings both, we are not looking at going back to 40%, I think, 
immediately. But to be very, very pessimistic and to be very cautious on 
it, we are looking at coming year in FY '27 to almost 35% to come from 
exports and 65% to come from domestic. 
[[PAGE 10]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 9 
 
Sunny Gosar: Got it. And this is in spite of the robust domestic environment. So new 
orders would like significantly compensate for the loss in underlying or the 
slowdown in the underlying business in North America? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I think the underlying business slowdown, which is there in North 
America, like I said, is going to get compensated with the new customer 
addition from North America which we have already had and for which 
samples, PPAPs and other things are in process. And I think we are going 
to have full sales from first quarter of next year.  
 Also, there is a lot of new addition of new customers from Europe, which 
is going to compensate us in terms of our exports equally from North 
America. So, I think in totality, in terms of exports, we are very confident 
that we should be at a strike rate with our increased capacity and 
increased utilization to be at least to be at around 35% mark in terms of 
our overall sales. 
Sunny Gosar: Got it. This is very helpful. My second question is on the railways business. 
The new orders in terms of the bogie assemblies and which we've won, 
like how is the overall margin profile of this order? Is it like from an overall 
perspective, accretive to the average company margins? Or like will it be 
lower than the company average margin?  
Naresh Jalan: I think it is a value add, a complete fully locked in assembly in which 
railway only builds the body. So , we are getting into that, and it's a pretty 
big market, like Milesh told in the opening statement also with this full 
approval what we have received by now. And next year, it opens a  
Rs. 2,000 crores sales revenue for us. It's an annual requirement of almost 
more than Rs. 2,000 crores for Indian Railways for passenger segment. 
So, we qualify to get 60% order. So , this is a highly accretive margin 
business for us. And I think we are eyeing a big chunk of business going 
into FY '27 from this, which is going , in my earlier question also I said, for 
a double-digit growth from only Indian Railways. 
Sunny Gosar: Got it. My last question and maybe then I'll come back into the queue. We 
have significant dependence on the CV side like in terms of our historical 
performance. What initiatives are we kind of taking to diversify into like 
non-CV, especially PV, tractors? And where are we in that journey? 
Naresh Jalan: I think Milesh has already answered this question in his opening remarks. 
We are significantly eyeing PV as our growth engine for next couple of 
years. And I'll be happy to share that we have now started receiving orders 
from 2 large PV manufacturers within the domestic market and 3 from the 
international market and 1 from EV segment in the export market. So 
[[PAGE 11]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 10 
 
overall, we are looking at almost 10% plus revenue in next 2 years to come 
only from PV. So, probably by FY '28, our 10% of the revenue share is going 
to only come from PV segment. 
Sunny Gosar: Got it. That will be significant de-risking in terms of CV dependence. 
Naresh Jalan: Yes. And I think we are working both ways, both in domestic and 
international market. So, I think both together taken, it will become a 
sizable business for us in the next 2 years. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Aditya from Old Bridge Mutual 
Funds. 
Aditya Kumar: So Sir, I just wanted one clarification, so in the PPT, we have given a slide 
where we are showing new orders split over the next 4 years. So, are these 
revenue line items over and above the top line we have achieved in FY '25 
or FY '26? Or does that also include renewal of some of the orders that will 
get their life will get completed in 1 or 2 years? 
Naresh Jalan: No. Basically, Aditya, we have tried to give you a consolidated picture on 
past order wins and how in next couple of years,  these order wins are 
going to get reflected in terms of revenue. And when we say our capacity 
utilization and the kind of capacity capex, we have done to set up this 
capacity. 
So, this order win basically gives a visibility or the revenue which we are 
showing in terms of getting into our books in the next couple of years, 
basically in terms of how the utilization from the new order wins is going 
to come through. 
Aditya Kumar: Yes. So, I wanted to get a sense, like this is the new orders getting 
converted to top line. This is basically a new top line getting in. So, like in 
TTM, we have done close to Rs. 3,500 crores of revenue in the stand-alone 
business. So, this, let's say, in FY '28, if we are looking Rs. 2,700 crores of 
extra top line, this is in top of that Rs. 3,500 crores top line that we are 
doing today, right? Should I read it in that way? Or should I read it that it 
will be below something? 
Naresh Jalan: No, no. It is only basically for new order wins. The current business, 
current top line, which we have already achieved, this is not inclined with 
that. 
Aditya Kumar: Okay. And one more clarification on this. In these new orders, does that 
also include the castings orders for which the new capacity is coming up 
and aluminium forging on the top line? 
[[PAGE 12]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 11 
 
Naresh Jalan: Everything is included. At a consol level, this is. 
Aditya Kumar: Okay. And one more question is on the gross margin front. So, this 
quarter, our gross margins have contracted to 45% at a standalone level. 
And our EBITDA is almost flat on a Q -on-Q basis. So, on an EBITDA front, 
we have done a decent job. So, what has led to the gross margin 
contraction? And on the cost front, power and fuel costs and 
manufacturing expenses are also lower despite production ramping up. 
So, what are the reasons for this? 
Lalit Khetan: So, Aditya, so on the gross margin side, it's basically result of product mix 
and a little bit we were having a more rejection in this quarter. So that has 
led to this reduction in material margin. And hopefully, it will be back to 
my normal level in next quarter. So that will improve my margins also and 
overall EBITDA also. 
 Coming to the power and fuel , power fuel also is a combination of a few 
things. We have got some reduction in electricity duty, which has been 
taken care of in this quarter. Apart from that, there has been some 
efficiency we have built in, in the utilization of power and there is a 
contribution from renewable power, which rooftop we have put. All these 
are contributing now. And all this together has helped us in achieving this 
power and fuel cost. 
Aditya Kumar: Okay. And in terms of, Sir, other expenses, other expenses are also quite 
significantly down over last year? 
Lalit Khetan: So other expenses are not significantly down . So, it's marginally down. 
And that's basically a function of what operating loss on the foreign 
exchange, which is lower in this quarter and a little bit efficiency in terms 
of other costs. 
Aditya Kumar: Okay. And Sir, if I just may ask like if those rejections were not there this 
quarter, then what kind of gross margin print we were looking at? 
Lalit Khetan: Certainly, it could have been better, I will say, at least to 1%. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Akash from NV Alpha. 
Akash: Sir, just one question from my side. I think in the last 3, 4 quarters, we have 
seen quite a big hit in terms of our margins. I just want to understand in 
terms of EBITDA margins, should we consider as this new normal? Or by 
when do we expect to touch back  this 19%, 20% kind of margins that we 
used to do? 
[[PAGE 13]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 12 
 
Naresh Jalan: I think to be very frank, I think this is not a new normal. I think you will be 
able to see consistent improvement in margin Q -on-Q. And like from the 
previous quarter, when I had said that worst is over. I think this quarter, 
we have made considerable progress in terms of our margins and top line. 
I think going forward, you will be able to see on a Q-o-Q basis, consistent 
improvement in terms of margin. And I think I'll not commit to 19%, 20%, 
but our own internal estimates and working is to get to there a s fast as 
possible. 
Akash: Understood. Any time frame? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I don't put a time frame to that. I'll not ballpark. For me, every quarter, 
I would like to get to that, but it is a process, and we are getting there. And 
I think in coming quarters, you will see significant improvement in margin. 
And I think very soon, we will be back to our new normal margins. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Devang Shah from Allvest 
Investment Managers Private Limited. 
Devang Shah: The way you have explained that we have a significant order book and 
even North America also, that the worst is over. And also, there is some 
kind of railway is also going to add as far as future growth is concerned. 
So, by considering all this fact and even you are saying there is an 
improvement as far as capacity utilization is concerned. As far as top line 
is concerned, what kind of growth trajectory we can expect moving 
forward in FY '27 and FY '28 as a percentile? 
Naresh Jalan: As a percentage to FY '26, which we are going to end, we can assume to 
10% to 15% growth in terms of our top line. 
Devang Shah: And for the FY '27 and '28? 
Naresh Jalan: FY '27, 10% to 15%. And I think in terms of CAGR, you can look at 10% to 
15% growth year-on-year for next consecutive 3 years. 
Devang Shah: Okay. And my second question, as far as tariff related to Mexico is 
concerned, still there is an overhang is there or as far as our operations 
are concerned? 
Naresh Jalan: No. In terms of RKFL, we have no overhang in terms of tariff from Mexico. 
I think we are supplying on DAP basis. So, we don't have any effect of tariff 
neither we are affected by those tariffs. And in terms of our operations in 
Mexico, I think if this tariff prevails, it is going to be extremely good. And 
we are more optimistic if this tariff prevails, my Mexico operations is going 
to ramp up sooner than what we expect. 
[[PAGE 14]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 13 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Saket Saurabh from Sagari 
Capital. 
Saket Saurabh: So, Naresh Sir, last time during the con-call, during November, you were 
quite bullish on the turnaround in the export business because the 
confusion regarding all this tariff and what tariff to be deployed , had 
created some bit of, I think, disruption, especially in October. But if I look 
at the exports number, Sir, on Q -o-Q basis, it remained largely flat. And 
even the North America numbers didn't quite , I think 20 -odd percent up 
or in fact, slightly lower than that.  So, it doesn't really look like more of a 
turnaround. So is it like,  say, improvement that we were witnessing, say, 
in November, mid when the last con call took place , did not sustain? So, 
December it again went down, it got disrupted and then say the Mexico 
thing impacted. 
Naresh Jalan: Just to interrupt you, I have never said and I never give a quarterly update 
or quarterly statement, or market does not work on a quarterly basis. I 
think on a sentimental way or in any optimism, it's on a yearly basis, what 
we look at the market as. For mid-November, I cannot predict for 45 days 
what is going to happen in terms of exports or neither I c an give any view 
on the same. 
Saket Saurabh: Okay. I was just talking about that maybe late December was 
considerably down vis -a-vis November. That is what I'm trying to 
understand. That did the sentiment really turn around? 
Naresh Jalan: Like I had said to my earlier questions, we are optimistic in terms of our 
growth in North America, and we still stick to that. And despite tariffs and 
other things, we still have new order wins from North America, and we are 
looking at maintaining what we have been doing in the past in terms of our 
North America sales. In spite of the build rate being down, we'll be able to 
maintain those sales. That itself is an optimism from our side vis-a-vis the 
market consideration right now. 
Saket Saurabh: Fair point. That's encouraging. And sir, last time, you had told that by Q4, 
there is a remote possibility that we might come back to that 20% thing. 
But this time, you don't seem that confident. Is that a fair assumption that 
maybe that's why we are not committing anything vis -a-vis returning to 
that 20% thing during Q4? Because last time, we were aggressive on that 
front, but we might even come back if things go in our favour. So, have 
things been delayed? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I have still answered that question in the past also. We want to get to 
20% level as soon as possible. I don't want to put a date to that. As a 
company, we are very aggressively working internally in terms of our cost 
[[PAGE 15]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 14 
 
and everything. And we would be very happy to get to 20% or 19% level as 
soon as possible. But I cannot commit to a date, neither in Q2 conference 
call, we had optimistically said that as a Company, we are trying to get 
there. But I have never said that we will get there by Q4. 
Saket Saurabh: No, I'm just talking about the sentiment part.  
Naresh Jalan: Still sentimentally and optimistically, we want to get to 19% to 20% as fast 
as possible. 
Saket Saurabh: Okay. Fair point, sir. And has there been any delay on the government and 
on the approvals vis-a-vis rail because we are now looking at, say, I think 
Q1 commercial production, right? No longer the March state. It's more 
like trial production, if I look at the presentation right now. So , has there 
been some delay on that front? And you around 40% utilization year 1? 
Naresh Jalan: Next year is the first year, and we are looking at making 40,000 wheels next 
year. So, there has not been any delay from the government side. Trial 
production means we have to submit 300 wheels to the Government of 
India, Indian Railways for their trial. And after successfully utilizing that 
and then we start bulk production. 
 So with that mindset, we are working, and we are well on track. That is 
what Lalit also said on the opening remark that we are on track, and we 
are starting the trial production. And next year, as per our contract, we 
have to supply 40,000 wheels to railways, and we still stick to that. 
Saket Saurabh: Okay. Fair enough. That's encouraging, Sir. Now coming to the European 
market. So how do you see that going forward? Because with the FTA 
coming in and also Europe is not really focusing on manufacturing within 
its geography because of power and all those issues.  So is Europe, likely 
to say, drive better returns going forward because North America has 
been our crown jewel so far before, say, last couple of quarters. But how 
do you see Europe going forward? And what is the likely mix vis -a-vis 
exports as far as Europe is concerned. So, any thoughts or colour on that? 
Naresh Jalan: Milesh, can you answer please? 
Milesh Gandhi: Yes. So, first thing is you very rightly said that yes, North America has been 
more a jewel in our crown, and I would say that it is still there. And I think 
the diamond is sure to sparkle more. But you would have also noted with 
many of the order wins, which we have been announcing over the past 
quarters, you would have seen that we have brought in significant new 
business from Europe. 
[[PAGE 16]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 15 
 
 And Europe has started concentrating a lot on India. And I would say that 
with the free trade agreement, even the small duties, whatever are there 
across various other countries, because we are supplying to practically 
all CVs across Europe, and they are our customers there. So, across 
various regions and various countries, if it completely gets over, but 
obviously, we will be more attractive versus our neighbours.  
Apart from that, to answer you to your last question, I think we have been 
very vocal, and we would like to state that, yes.  North America, we are 
winning orders and North America comes back. But the way Europe has 
been, you would see that at least Europe is also contributing to anywhere 
against our overall export sales, somewhere between 30% to 35% comes 
from Europe, that pattern will be visible in the near future. 
Saket Saurabh: So, coming back to the mining sector, there seems to be some mining 
boom, right, with commodities also doing well. So , any traction that we 
are seeing, say, within the mining sector because oil and gas has done 
well. Railways is a growth driver. But I think we had some presence even 
in the mining in the earlier part. I've been an investor for almost 7 years 
now. So, any mining-driven growth that you are witnessing or order wins? 
Milesh Gandhi: So, I think, in the opening statement also, you would have already heard 
that we are already finding a very huge surge in the domestic demand. And 
I think a lot of this domestic demand is also coming because of the mining 
segment today. The demand for the tippers and other things are already 
there. 
 But at the same time, you would have also seen that we have been making 
a lot of announcements with our new order wins in off -highway markets. 
And today, we are there with a lot of mining companies and also material 
handling and farm equipment companies, which contribute to this. And I 
think that is the reason you would see that our off -highway sales is going 
high. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Devang Shah from Allvest  
Investment Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Devang Shah: Yes. Good evening, Sir. I want to know the way we are seeing that there is 
an improvement in the domestic market volume. But in general, there is a 
realization that has not been improved Y -o-Y basis. So , what kind of 
realization we are anticipating moving forward? Domestic and even 
export. Can you throw some more light on that? 
Lalit Khetan: So right now, realizations are stagnant, you can see that. And as the 
commodity prices are also stable, so it will remain like it, only it is likely to 
[[PAGE 17]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 16 
 
improve with the improvement in product mix and addition of more 
assemblies, more value -add products. So , overall realization is likely to 
improve going forward. 
Devang Shah: And any kind of numbers? 
Lalit Khetan: No, I don't think we can put a number there, but you will see that 
improvement. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Lakshminarayanan from Tunga 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: I just want to understand a bit more about the domestic market. In terms 
of what kind of products you actually make, can you just give a mix of 
products, like front axle beam or knuckles or crankshaft, what is the mix? 
And has it changed 9 months of this year to the previous 9 months of last 
year? 
Naresh Jalan: I think product-wise, it is very difficult for us to tell you anything right now. 
And we would not like to discuss product -wise. But overall, I think every 
product is important for us, and I think every product is driving the growth 
for us. 
Lakshminarayanan: Any change in the mix? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I think product line-wise mix change, I think it is extremely difficult for 
us to say. I think we are only adding new products and adding new 
capacity. I don't think we are displacing any products like front axle beam 
or anything. Product mix in terms of part families within the part family, 
there may be changes in terms of weight range. Sometimes we get a 
higher weight range products in the same product family or sometimes we 
get lower range weight range in terms of product family. That's the change 
basically happens within the product mix. 
Lakshminarayanan: And in terms of the visibility you have in the domestic market for a 
calendar year 2026, which segments you actually see stronger velocity, 
whether it is CV or PV or earth moving or tractors? 
Naresh Jalan: I think in terms of the domestic market, we are seeing traction both in 
entire automotive segment and off -highway segment. Both are showing 
great traction. But for RKFL, I think the biggest chunk of traction is going to 
come from Indian Railways. I think that's the next level of growth, which is 
going to come from Indian Railways in FY'27. And while our continued 
journey on in our existing business is going to continue to grow, but the 
significant growth is going to come from Indian Railways. 
[[PAGE 18]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 17 
 
Lakshminarayanan: In terms of your competition, right, has there been anybody who is giving 
space for you to grow ?, because earlier, I understand that there is some 
consolidation taking place. Now that consolidation is behind us. So , 
whether we are winning market from somebody else? Or how is the 
growth coming across? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I think in terms of Indian Railways, we have been able to identify new 
products, and we are offering new opportunities or new growth 
assemblies to Indian Railways, which is benefiting  Indian Railways in 
terms of cost reductions, and we are also gaining traction. So, I don't think 
there is any other. In terms of automotive segment, we will not be able to 
exactly say that from whom we are getting business or anything, I think 
each customer, we have been able to increase our wallet share. And this 
wallet share is helping us to increase our domestic share of busines s 
within the auto segment. 
Lakshminarayanan: Sir, my question is more to do with , do you also see consolidation taking 
place, because I think after the top 5, 6 forging companies, I think the next 
are getting smaller is what I was thinking. So , I just want to understand 
your views on that. 
Naresh Jalan: I think I have no view on this. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. Sir, one more question. So, there is what we've been told is that in 
the commercial vehicle also, in the MHCV segment, there is a movement 
towards trailer segment and not the heavy tonnage vehicles. And because 
of which the market tonnage-wise in terms of forging is also making some 
shift. So, is that something which you also see? 
Naresh Jalan: No. I think market is divided now into 2 different zones. One, you rightly 
say is trailer market, but they are basically on the long -haul side. I don't 
think that is growing significantly. I think the consolidation and the growth 
is coming from the tipper vehicle, which is mostly being used in the mining 
segment and construction segment. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Tushar Raghatate from Omega 
Portfolio Advisers. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Raghatate: Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know my question is on the 
Railway segment. You mentioned in the past regarding the undercarriage 
opportunities. I just wanted to know our prospect on the undercarriage. 
And in order to increase the wallet share, are we seeing any acquisition in 
the spring sales or in the brake in order to increase the wallet share or any 
pantogram or railway crossing ? your view on the railway visibility going 
forward. 
[[PAGE 19]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 18 
 
Naresh Jalan: No, I think in terms of acquisitions, I think we always look for acquisitions. 
I think the right opportunity right now, we are not talking about or we are 
not in the verge of any acquisitions. But yes, if any specific opportunity 
comes, we would obviously like to look at it. But right now, there is nothing 
to speak about. 
But in terms of increasing our wallet share, in terms of making 
assemblies, I think we are doing it in our own, while we source the springs 
and other items which are required to complete the assemblies on an 
individual basis from the manufacturers within I ndia. But in case 
tomorrow, any opportunity arises, we are open to any acquisitions at the 
right price, right make. 
Tushar Raghatate: Okay. Sir, on the wheel set facility, your capacity is big compared to the 
demand side of India. On the export front, what are your views? And how 
are you placing your product in the export market for a high -speed rail? 
That was the question on the Railways. Secondly, sir, on your view on the 
defence side, defen ce forging, maybe aerospace or defen ce side, any 
acquisition or any intent to enter into that segment? 
Naresh Jalan: To answer your first question, I think in the railway wheel side, we are 
already in discussions with a lot of import customers in the export market. 
And I think there is a huge traction, but I think we are going step by step. 
This year, we will be able to make 40,000-plus wheels, which we are going 
to sell to the domestic market only because of the obligation of the 
agreement which we have with Indian Railways. And post that, I think we 
will approach the international market when we next year are looking to 
make more than 100,000 wheels in the next year. 
I think once we start these operations, I think we will have customer visits 
and approvals process starting. And I think by the time we are ready with 
our capacity to go to 100,000 -plus wheels in the next year, we will have 
the customers in place. But there is a lot of traction in the overseas market 
for wheels. And I think we will be able to encash this very fast.  
Second to answer your defen ce, we are working very aggressively right 
now in terms of making components within our existing capacities for 
aerospace. And like post our commercial production of alumin ium 
forgings, we have already started trials of titanium and other alloys. 
And we have installed these capacities already furnaces which are 
required for titanium and other alloys for aerospace. And we have already 
started bidding for defen ce contracts in the space of these new alloys. 
And I think we still have not got any orders. But yes, I think we are likely in 
the next coming days or years or months, we should be in track to get a 
[[PAGE 20]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 19 
 
significant portion of business in new alloy business, in terms of titanium 
and other things from our existing facility for aerospace.  
Coming to acquisitions, I think like -for railways, we are open to any 
acquisition. But right now, we don't have anything which we can speak 
about or which any concrete details are there available. 
Tushar Raghatate: Fair enough, Sir, on the export front, North American Class 8 truck order 
near 20,000 to 25,000 per month. I just wanted to know your view, is it the 
bottom of the market? And secondly, Sir, the Europe FTA, which is 
happening, do you see that as a hedge against the entire export market? 
Or do you see a very good opportunity in terms of increasing your share in 
the Europe or with the existing customer, the wallet share? 
Naresh Jalan: Milesh, can you answer this? 
Milesh Gandhi: So, I will start with your second question first with regard to the European 
FTA. I think I just replied to a while back that I think this will always help us 
to become more attractive because end of the day, there are small duties, 
but you would have already seen that we have already gained a lot of 
business from Europe in the past quarters.  And I think we have started 
already giving them and the ramp-up plan has also been given in the bigger 
numbers. But obviously, if today, duties are not there as compared with 
other competitor countries, we will always be more attractive. And India 
has always been a favoured destination on Europe when it comes to 
things from forgings or castings. And I think that is going to help us for 
sure. 
 Coming back to North America, I think one thing we would like to restate 
once more is that, see, the worst seems to be already over, as Mr. Jalan 
already said. And currently, even the numbers, the way the numbers are 
showing seems that there will be a good demand coming forward. And I 
think there has been a lot of proje ctions with regard to the American 
demand even with the commercial vehicle. 
But obviously, there has not been a great utilization of the fleet and other 
things in the past. But now with the way the market is showing, I think the 
numbers are very encouraging, and we look forward to at least coming 
back with the numbers in the coming quarters soon. 
Tushar Raghatate: Fair enough. Sir, my last question on the EV front. You mentioned in the 
past, you are interested to increase the EV share to the total portfolio. Any 
comment on that, Sir? 
[[PAGE 21]]
  
 
Q3 & 9M FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript Page 20 
 
Milesh Gandhi: You would have already seen that we already  informed today that around 
Rs. 18 crores of further business we won  from the EV segment. And I think 
we are already working in EV a bigger way. And whatever we are getting the 
traction is from North American OEM who are into the EV space. And plus, 
we also are doing today with the commercial vehicle industry with regard 
to the EV space, I think we are the prominent player.  Whoever is making 
the EV vehicles today, we are the primary supplier. So, if they are growing 
with the numbers, what they are getting from the market and also from the 
government with regard to the green policies, I think we are the 
beneficiaries indirectly. So , our EV numbers are also increasing 
accordingly. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Armaan from Blue Sky Fintech. 
Please go ahead. 
Armaan: I said, I just want to have a clarification. Like in last call, we told that for 
the full year basis, we still maintain our commentary of double-digit 
growth for the full year, right? But in 9 months, already, it's just around 1% 
only. So, are we still holding to that guidance? 
Naresh Jalan: Yes. We're still holding to that guidance. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. 
Rajesh Mundhra: Thank you. We would like to thank all for taking out the time and joining 
our earnings call. We hope we have answered all your queries and for your 
satisfaction. We would like for any further information, get in touch with 
us or with CDR India. On behalf of Ramkrishna Forgings Limited, we wish 
you all a great week ahead. We look forward to interacting again next 
quarter. Thank you again very much for talking with us. Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of IIFL Capital Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The 
company does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been 
edited without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 
