[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
                                  Regd Office : 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
To 
 
BSE Ltd,  
Corporate Relationship Department,  
Phiroze Jeejebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 544057  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051  
 
Symbol: HAPPYFORGE  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended 30th June 2026 held on 5th 
August 2026.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, kindly find enclosed the copy of the transcript of 
the Earnings call held on Wednesday, 5th August 2026 on the Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June 2026. 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
FOR HAPPY FORGINGS LIMITED 
 
 
 
BINDU GARG  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: F6997  
BXXIX-2254/1, Kanganwal Road  
P.O. Jugiana, Ludhiana, Punjab, 141120 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Happy Forgings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2026 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 05th August 2026 will prevail. In case of any conflict of factual information with published data in the 
Investor Presentation, the latter should be considered to be accurate. 
 
 
 
 
           
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH GARG – MANAGING DIRECTOR – HAPPY 
FORGINGS LIMITED 
 MR. PANKAJ KUMAR GOYAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HAPPY FORGINGS LIMITED 
  
 

[[PAGE 3]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Happy Forgings Limited Q1 , FY 27 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward -looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
the date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company, 
and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish 
Garg, Managing Director from Happy Forgings Limited. Thank you, and over to you sir. 
Ashish Garg: Thank you. Good morning, and a very warm welcome to all of you t o Happy Forgings Limited 
Q1, FY27 Earnings Call. With me today are Mr. Pankaj Kumar Goyal, our CFO; and Strategic 
Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisor. I trust everyone had an opportunity to review 
our FY27 Q uarter 1, financial statements and investor presentation, which we have filed with 
stock exchanges. 
We started FY27 on a strong note, delivering robust year -on-year growth along with improved 
profitability. Revenue for the quarter reached Rs.449 crores, while PAT stood at Rs.91 crores. 
Marking highest ever  quarterly revenue and profitability with growth of 27 .0% and 39.2% 
respectively. 
Finished goods volumes increased by 23% during the quarter, while realizations per kg improved 
by 3.2% to Rs.253 per kilogram s. Strong volume growth coupled with higher realizations 
underscored the strength of our business model , disciplined execution, and continued focus on 
value-added growth. On the profitability front, we continued to deliver industry-leading margins. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.141 crores, and EBITDA margin expanded by 275 basis 
points year-on-year to 31.3%. 
This marks the 4th consecutive quarter in which we have delivered an EBITDA margin in excess 
of 30%. PAT margin also expanded by 178 basis points to 20.4%. As communicated during our 
previous earnings call, we had witnessed an increase in input cost and we were engaged in 
discussions with our customers regarding inflationary pressures on other manuf acturing costs. 
We have now successfully negotiated price revisions with OEMs and benefits from these 
revisions are expected to fully reflect in our P&L from Quarter 2 onwards. 
Our capacity expansion program also continues to progress as planned and remains aligned with 
the strong opportunities we see across our focus segments. These investments will support our 
future growth while further strengthening our value -added capabiliti es. Now turning to our 
segmental performance.  
[[PAGE 4]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Commercial Vehicles continue to be our largest business segment, contributing 33 % of our 
revenues during Q1 FY27The segment delivered healthy single-digit growth during the quarter, 
With the domestic business registering strong growth of around 18%, supported by robust 
infrastructure activity, healthy freight movement , replacement demand, and sustained 
transportation activity.  On the export front, growth was impacted by transit delays due to 
geopolitical conditions, resulting in higher inventory in transit and lower sales conversion during 
the quarter.  
Farm equipment was our second largest revenue contributor during Q1 FY27 accounted for 32% 
of our total revenue.  We delivered growth in mid -20s during the quarter, with the domestic 
business registering over 20% growth, supported by favo urable demand in the domestic farm 
equipment market. On the export front, we continue to register growth despite a challenging 
demand environment in the US and Europe. Tractor demand in these markets remains subdued 
due to low farm incomes, high interest rates, weak commodity prices and cautious farmer 
spending, resulting in deferred equipment purchases.  
The industrial segments contributed 16% of our revenue during the quarter. We achieved around 
50% growth across both domestic and export segments. Demand remained healthy across power 
generation, renewable energy including wind, railways, oil and g as, and digital infrastructure.  
The broader capital goods and industrial ecosystem also remained robust, supported by sustained 
investments from both the government and the private sector.  Continued investments in 
renewable energy, power transmission and grid infrastructure, railway modernization, an d the 
rapid expanding data centre ecosystems are expected to support demand going forward.  
Our off-highway contributed 11% to our revenue. The segment delivered growth of over 40% 
across both domestic and export segments. From an end -user perspective, the domestic 
construction equipment segment registered growth of almost 9% during the quarter, supported 
by healthy project awards, particularly across roads, highway, and other infrastructure segments. 
Export markets in the US and Europe also witnessed growth in construction equipment demand.  
Passenger vehicles now contributes  around 8% to our revenue. The segment delivered growth 
of more than 70% with dom estic business growing by over 4 0%, supported by healthy market 
demand and increased wallet share. Most OEMs reported strong performance while retail 
demand remained healthy, reflecting the underlying strength of the market. On the export front, 
revenue more than doubled as we began executing export orders that had been secured earlier. 
Our continued focus on value addition is also reflected in our product mix. Machining 
contribution increased to 90% in Q1 FY27 compared with 88% in Q1 FY 26. Furthermore, one 
of the key strategic developments for our business has been continued diversification of our 
revenue mix, as reflected in the increasing contribution from industrial and passenger vehicles. 
We expect this diversification to gain furthe r momentum, supported by a strong ord er book 
representing around Rs.950 crores of peak incremental annual r evenue potential over the next 
two years to three years. 
This order book is largely driven by industrial and passenger vehicle programs and is 
predominantly export-oriented. At the same time, the quality of our order book continues to 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
improve with high proportion of complex precision engineering , value-added products that 
command superior realizations and are expected to support further margin improvement while 
creating a more balanced and resilient business portfolio over the medium term. Looking ahead, 
supported by our strong first quarter perfo rmance, we remain optimistic about our outlook f or 
FY27. 
We continue to expect the business to deliver high teen volume growth during the year while 
maintaining EBITDA m argins broadly in line with FY 26 levels, with potential for further 
improvement. With that, I would now like to invite our CFO, Mr. Pankaj Kumar Goyal, to take 
you through the detailed financial performance for the quarter. 
Pankaj Kumar Goyal: Good morning everyone, I hope I'm audible to everyone. Let me now take you through the key 
financials and operational highlights for the first quarter of FY27. Revenue from operations for 
Q1 FY27 stood at Rs.449 crore, registering strong Y-o-Y growth of 27%. 
On the operational front, we recorded robust volume growth of 23.1% during the quarter 
realizations improved by 3.2% Y -o-Y. Gross profit for the quarter stood at Rs.273 crore s, 
registering Y-o-Y growth of 33.1%. Gross margin remains steady at 60.7%, expanding by 276 
basis points. EBITDA for Q1 FY27 stood at Rs.141 crores, registering Y-o-Y growth of 39.3%. 
EBITDA margin improved to 31.3%. Expanding by approx 275 basis points, supported by 
operational leverage and our continuous focus on operational efficiencies. 
Profit after tax stood at Rs.91 crores for Q1, representing Y-o-Y growth of 39.2%. PAT margins 
remain strong at 20.4%, expanding by approximately 180 basis points. We also added capacity 
during the quarter by commissioning another 4,000-ton forging press line, adding 4,000  tons of 
forging capacity. 
Besides this, 7,200 metric tons of additional machining capacity has been added during the 
quarter. Our total forging capacity now stands at 1,52,000 metric tons. Machining capacity has 
increased to 75,200 metric tons. 
The capacity utilization stood at 59% for forging and 78% for machining. With that, we are 
ready to commence the Q&A session. I'll turn it back to the moderator to invite the first question. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Pankaj Tibrewal from IKIGAI Asset Managers. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: Yes, good morning Ashish and team and congratulations on good set of results. My question is 
that, you know, we see a renewed, you know, growth which was missing for some time, and 
happy coming back to the trajectory of last 5 -year, 10 -year CAGR. Can you just help us 
understand from here on how and what are the things we are doing from a growth front across 
various parts like industrial, export, passenger vehicles, which makes us confident that the next 
two years, three years growth trajectory could be intact? 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
And when I look at all the auto and companies across the country, you have the highest gross 
margins, highest EBITDA margins. On one hand, it's good, but it makes us a little nervous that 
can that come down? So can you just? 
Ashish Garg: Sure, sure. Thank you Pankaj. So on the business side, I can say that all the sectors are doing 
well. You know, you have been seeing the numbers coming from commercial vehicles, farm 
equipment, passenger vehicles, all are looking strong right now. And even on the export side, 
we are seeing a pickup in demand. At the same time, all the initiatives taken by company in the 
last two, three years with regards to diversification, going into industrials, going into passenger 
vehicles, is also playing out really well, which is supporting the overall business. 
Despite of subdued demand in some of the areas, you know, we were able to perform on the 
back of very strong growth coming from some of the areas, some of the developments which we 
have already taken. The strong order  books, you know, of almost Rs.950 crores of additional 
incremental businesses which is there, is already in the pipeline, already in the development 
phase or ramp-up phase, which gives us the strong confidence that the growth will continue. So 
that is there. 
And the diversification model, you know, from, you know, light -weighting which was also 
introduced, and towards the heavy range from 250 kg to 3 tons will, is, you know, coming out 
well, and the capex is on stream. That will also start contributing from third or fourth quarter of 
next financial year, and we are very hopeful that the new s cheme of business will start 
contributing meaningfully from FY29 onwards. 
So overall, things are positive. In terms of our gross margin and EBITDA margin both the new 
sectors where the growth is coming up are actually high in terms of realization. The products are 
complex, where requirements are far more stringent, and there is a lot of value addition which 
is being done in-house, which is leading to higher gross margin because of the requirements in 
the products. 
Also, the export products for the pass cars that we are machining and supplying are also high in 
terms of its gross margin requirements. So we were also able to, you know, take the increases 
from our customers in the last quarter. The last increase was paid almost three years back, so the 
increases has also happened from the last base, which will also help us in keeping up the margins 
going forward as well. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mutual Funds. Please 
go ahead. 
Arjun Khanna: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on a great set of numbers. So the first 
query is regarding, the realizations. So  you did, allude to in your opening remarks that the 
settlement has been done. So, the benefit would come in from the second quarter onwards. Is 
that the right way of understanding, the opening comments, sir? 
Ashish Garg: Thank you Arjun. So part of it has come in Q1. I can say that almost 30% of that has come in 
Q1. So if we say our export business and the domestic business, on the export business, the cost 
increases have been supported by the currency gains. Because many of our export projects are 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
under currency is not pass -through. So we are kind of contributed that the currency gain also 
supported over there. 
But, you know, the 100 -odd crores of the domestic business, I can say over there, you know, 
roughly we were able to take on only 2% increases in the first quar ter, but roughly more than 
4.5%, 5% has been kind of taken. So some OEMs, they have passed on from Q2 onwards. So 
you can say that the full impact is not there in the Q1, and, you know, it  will start coming from 
Q2 onwards. 
And this increases have been passed on from t he last base which was settled three  years back. 
So it is not like the increase which is coming up only for, you know, one quarter or so. So it's 
going to be permanent. 
Arjun Khanna: Perfect, very helpful, sir. So the second query was regarding, and you have mentioned this in the 
result presentation also regarding our captive solar power project. We have mentioned it should 
start, it's on track and should contribute from FY28. We were anticipating that it would come at 
the end of this calendar year, so possibly we would see some benefit in the fourth quarter? 
Ashish Garg: Yes, you're right. We are hopeful that the project will be on stream from January onwards, and 
a large part of the capex is already done. And, so all the clearances have been obtained. Just 
some work on ROW, right of way, is going on. Once the ROW work is completed, we'll be in a 
position to power up. So I think January is the time. Jan, Feb, March is, you know, normally in 
terms of, you know, it's colder winter months in north. So we have to connect till April. Some 
bit of it, of the power generation will start coming in from Q4 onwards. 
Arjun Khanna: Sure. And, you did, just the final question, you did allude, to, the newer busines ses which we 
are scaling up FY29 onwards. So if we, look at the trajectory of it, it's seemingly a higher margin 
profile business. So, gi ven the outlook we have for FY 27 benefits, say, from solar, etc etera, 
coming '28 onwards, so our EBITDA margin, you do believe at current we should be able to 
protect this 30% plus going forward? 
Ashish Garg: Yes, I'm very confident that we should be achieving that because we will be having a benefit of 
1%, 1.5% from power as well. So I'm quite confident that, you know, we should be seeing  
upwards of 30% going forward. 
Arjun Khanna: Sure. Thank you for this and wishing you all the best going ahead. Thank you sir. 
Ashish Garg: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Vora: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. So, sir, my question was on the quarterly numbers which 
we reported. Now when we see the segment -wise growth, the CV segment in terms of our 
revenue number grew only around 7% while the industry volumes were up around double digit. 
So what was the thinking that did we shift some of our lines to, you know, higher content product 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
in terms of industrial off -highway? And like, some understanding here that why did we grow 
less than the industry here? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. So, thank you Mihir. So the industry volumes of commercial vehicle in terms of production 
for domestic grew at almost 10% for the production volume, if you see. And over there, we have 
grown by almost 18% in domestic market. It was in the export market that the , for us, the 
business de-grew by almost 12% because our most of our European contracts and the contracts 
for Turkey are on the basis of DDP basis, delivered duty paid, to the plant. And because of the 
geopolitical condition, as already explained, almost a month of, you know, deliv eries were 
pending. Because of the longer route and also because of the delays in transit. 
Mihir Vora: All right, okay. So that's more of export -led right now. And so currently, given we are talking 
about exports, so what kind of issues are we facing on the freight right now, as there has been 
some cost increase in container availability issue? So how do we  see this issue going ahead? 
Like, how are we managing it? 
Ashish Garg: You're right, the cost of, you know, container has gone up from roughly from USD2,000 to 
almost USD6,000, and a large part of it, the contract that we have, it's kind of a pass-through, or 
it is around 75% pass -through. So we will be t aking around roughly around 15%, 20% hit in 
terms of the incremental cost which is there. But we are also, in terms of, we are discussing right 
now, but, you know, roughly if it is USD 6,000, we are hopeful to recover around USD 4,500 
from our customers. And for some customers, we also have full recovery as well. 
Mihir Vora: Okay, okay. And then lastly, just, like overall onto the business, will you be able to give you the 
export mix across segments like in commercial vehicle, farm, off-highway and industries? 
Ashish Garg: Yes, just give me a minute. 
Mihir Vora: Yes. 
Ashish Garg: Commercial vehicle is around 7% . Passenger vehicle is around 8 % of our revenues. Farm 
equipment is around 5%. Off-highway is again 5%, and industrial is 9%. 
Mihir Vora: Alright. Okay sir. Got it thanks that’s all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Se nthilkumar from Joindre Capital Services 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Senthilkumar: Hi, good morning sir. Am I audible? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. 
Senthilkumar: Thank you. I just have two questions. First, I just want to know this 14,000-ton press, now how 
it is progressing, now what kind of revenue potential we can expect from that 14,000 press, any 
sector-related order for that particular 14,000 press? 
Ashish Garg: So, 14,0 00-ton press line is almost 65%, 70% utilized on the industrial business  and on the 
commercial vehicle businesses. We still have some capacity available for which we have already 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
received the orders and the order books are already there, which will be progressing well going 
forward as well. 
Plus we have also added 10,000 -ton press line, which was also added in last quarter. So some 
parts which we were doing on 14,000 -ton press line can be shifted to 10,000 -ton line to create 
more capacity on the heavy line. So  if we ship those components, we should be looking at a 
bigger capacity going forward as well, around 30% open capacity, you can see. And for the new 
projects that we are getting in hand, we will be utilizing this press line. 
Senthilkumar: Okay. Thank you. And secondly, when can we expect this 18,000 vertical upsetter  line to be 
operational? By FY27? 
Ashish Garg: Yes, we probably start adding from Q4 of this financial year. It is already under commissioning 
right now, and our trials will start from Q3 onwards. 
Senthilkumar: And lastly, I just want to know any change we are facing in the working capital cycle. I'm just 
asking in terms of data as on June 2026? 
Ashish Garg: Can you repeat your question once again? 
Senthilkumar: No, I just want to know this data. Now, as of June 2026, now I just want to know whether we 
have any facing any big change in the working capital cycle. I'm talking about receivables day. 
Ashish Garg: The receivable days, not really. There is no big change. No, it has been improved. In fact, there 
is no big change. And the material has gone d own. So overall, there is an improvement in the 
working capital days. 
Senthilkumar: So what is the inventory days, number of days as on June 2026? 
Ashish Garg: Inventory days. 50 days as on date. 
Senthilkumar: Okay. That’s it thank you. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Krisha Kansara: Yes hi. Am I audible? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. 
Krisha Kansara: Thank you. So sir, firstly congratulations on a very good set of numbers. My question is that in 
one of the previous calls whe n our order book was around Rs,800 crores, you had provided a 
detailed order book breakup between different end user industries. So could you please he lp us 
bifurcate the current Rs.950 crores order book in the similar manner? I understand your point 
that, you know, the order book is dominated by PV and industrials and specifically exports, but 
if you can break this entire Rs.950 crores order book in terms of each end user industry, that 
would be helpful. 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Ashish Garg: Okay. Thank you. So we have almost 35% to 40% of the revenues planned from the industrial 
segments. We have the order books from industrial, you can see around 40%. Pass car is in the 
range of 25% to 30%. Commercial vehicles is again in the range of 25% to 30%. And there are, 
you can say, others, you know, where we have off -highway and some farm businesses. And 
roughly 60% of this order book, you know, order book comes from exports and 40% is domestic. 
Krisha Kansara: Understood, understood. Got it thank you. And, and sir, another question on our Rs.650 crores 
capex program. So I wanted to understand the standalone plant level gross and EBITDA 
margins. I understand on a blended or consolidated level we will benefit from, solar power plant, 
etcetera. But my question is more on the gross and operating level margins solely for this new 
plant which is focused on industrial segments? 
Ashish Garg: We are not actually making plant level, you know, margins as such. But, you know, particularly 
for the new capex which is planned, the realizations are high and the gross margins are in a range 
of, you know, kind of 80%. Like on a full machined component basis, if we supply 80 %, 85% 
on the full machined crankshafts, on the forged crankshafts coming out of the, you know, line, 
it will be around, you know, 65% kind of a gross margin, 60%, 65%. 
 So that's kind of a, you know, margin profile on the high horsepower category that we are talking 
about. And, you know, roughly around 50% of the margins translates into EBITDA margin. You 
can assume that the, you know, margin profile for the new business. 
Krisha Kansara: Okay, understood. That would -- that was helpful, sir. Just one last question if I can. So currently 
what percentage of our export revenue is contributed by Europe? And you know, with the 
European OEMs looking to kind of outsource a certain part of their production to countries like 
India, have you seen any increased inflow of orders in the recent times from, from European 
region? 
Ashish Garg: Yes, on the European region, we are putting a lot of projects, a lot of large projects that is, you 
know, that we are seeing right now. But, you know, the maturity takes time because they also 
have a supply base in Europe, and it is taking some time. But yes, the inquiry flow is very strong 
right now from the Europe. And today in Europe accounts for around 60% of our exports. 
Krisha Kansara: Okay understood. Thank you so much sir. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Tibrewal from IKIGAI Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: Yes, thank you for the opportunity for a follow-up. Just two questions, Ashish when you look at 
the company, every 5 -year block you make a pivot, and this time the pivot looks like exports 
and PV. Can you just spell out your thou ght process that over the next three, four -year, period, 
how large export opportunity could be for us across industrials and autos? And also  on the 
passenger vehicles, it's great to see that you have moved to 7%, 8% kind in the mix. Where do 
you think with the visi bility being there in the next three  years, this passenger vehicles could 
also move into? 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
And also, is there any other areas where you are working on which could be more structural in 
nature? Maybe the semiconductor part, maybe the aerospace which requires high tonnage 
forging, or any other places? Because what we hear from other manufacturers is Europe is having 
a tough time in terms of their supplier base. So that large part of the business could move here. 
So just a broad thought process that in next three years how the shape and size of the company 
will look like will be really helpful  in terms of export opportunity and PV particularly?  Thank 
you. 
Ashish Garg: Thank you Pankaj. So we are very bullish on the industrial side, the heavy line of equipment that 
we are investing on. Is one of its kind in the world. It's the second largest in the world, and the 
entire demand which we are seeing around energy sector and data centre, this line will be playing 
a major, you know, role over there. And the capacities are not available globally because the 
implementation of these lines take around 1.5 years, 3 years just to come into production from 
the date the LC is open. 
So it's a very long period. It's a very large construction that we have done on the base levels. We 
have gone down by 80 feet to construct the foundation of this. So the execution has taken almost 
1.5 years just to prepare its foundation. So, the, the demand,  we are talking about producing 
parts. Currently we produce up to 200 kg. We are looking at producing parts up to 3 tons, and 
some parts that we are quoting on  the new projects are worth Rs.28 lakhs, Rs.30 lakhs a piece, 
which is almost 1.8 tons in weight. 
And this is largely coming out of the energy sector. So we se e that, you know, the data cent re 
and energy sector will be a large part of the industrials that we'll be catering to once this line is 
operational. Apart from that, on the heavy side, all other areas for the wind gearboxes which 
requires heavy forging, defence which requires heavy forgings. All other options are available, 
but right now the foc us area is energy and data cent re for us, as we are seeing a lot of inquiry 
flow over there. And also on the machining side, we are investing. 
So we are. We can safely say that, you know, industrial skills will grow from these levels, will 
double from these levels in next three years to four years. Also, the PV, we should be looking at 
12% to 15% of our revenues. Both the sectors put together should be contributing around 45%, 
50% to our revenues. That's how we see the business kind of changing. But within industrial, 
there are a lot of new industries that we will be catering on. 
We are putting a lot of parts on the very heavy requirements for the earth moving sector and 
mining sector for North American market, which is over 1 ton.  So there is a lot different mix 
that we'll be seeing going forward. So also playing with a lot of different types of steel grades, 
you know, that is what we are seeing now. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: Thank you for that detailed answer. And all this growth which you are targeting, your cash flows 
are super good, balance sheet is in a great shape. So  I would assume that most of the growth 
which you are planning for the next three  years will be funded by internal a ccrual. Is this is a 
rare assumption to make? 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Ashish Garg: As of now, it looks like that we should be able to fund this growth on our own. Cash flows look 
very strong and the accruals will be even stronger going forward. So yes, we are also -- maybe 
there is some bridge loan for a year or so for opening up some letter of credit, but most of this 
will be funded from our own accruals. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: And just last one, any inorganic, plans in this entire growth plan over the next three years where 
you think there are areas of pockets of opportunity which you can't gain organically and 
inorganic will be a faster way to go to market? Any thoughts on that side, or you think 
organically? 
Ashish Garg: Yes, so we are quite like open for this and searching for it on especially on the energy and 
aerospace side where we are new in entering, and also the technology and approval process takes 
a lot of time. So we are open for that and are seeing an opportunity in that sector. And, but on 
the farm, CV, and other areas, we are already there. And plus, the valuations are very expensive, 
which would be a d rain on the return on capital employed. So we are being little cautious on 
that, you know, on a simpler businesses. But wherever we see that there's a technology involved, 
we are quite open for it. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: Okay. That’s great. Wish you all the best and looking forward for great quarters going forward. 
Thank you so much. 
Ashish Garg: Thank you sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Daksh Parashar  from Desvelado Research.  
Please go ahead. 
Daksh Parashar: Hi. Am I audible sir? 
Ashish Garg: No, you're not. Your voice is breaking. Can you come again? 
Daksh Parashar: Yes sir. Am I audible right now? 
Moderator: Mr. Parashar, may we request you use a microphone to ask a question? Mr. Parashar? 
Daksh Parashar: Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, please go ahead with your question. 
Daksh Parashar: Yes, sir, so my question was on the follow-up on the industrials. As the industries have increased 
16% this quarter and we are working towards a medium-term target of 30% to 31%. Which sub-
segments do you see as the key drivers? 
Ashish Garg: So, just answered Pankaj’s  question as well, that, you know, data cent re, energy, mining, and 
wind, are the sectors where the requirement for heavy forgings will be. It is already there, and 
all the sectors are also doing really well. If you look at energy data cent res, the growth is 
phenomenal. And, you know, it's not that easy to build capacity overnight for this type of 
businesses. And in the initiative that we started almost 2 years, 2.5 years back, just after the 
company, you know, went public, so it's a complete plant which is getting ready at a site. And 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
these are the sectors which, you know, company will be catering to going forward from this 
plant. 
Daksh Parashar: And sir, your volume growth this quarter was also very good and well ahead of your earlier 
guidance. Given this strong demand, should we expect any upward revision on this? 
Ashish Garg: So right now, for the guidance perspective, You know, I have picked on this but should be 
performing better than that. 
Daksh Parashar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Shah  from Genuity Capital.  Please go 
ahead. 
Jay Shah: Hi can you hear me? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. 
Jay Shah: Good morning Ashish and team. And congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, Ashish, my 
question is a little bit strategic, if you see, you know, the last few years we have been on a heavy 
capex journey, and because casting, forging, you know, it's an industry that takes time for things 
to come on stream. So  as we go higher, you know, in terms of capex towards end of FY27, 
starting FY28 is when majority of the capex comes on stream. 
But, you know, on your end sector side, especially, you know, passenger vehicles, where you 
said that you may plan to go up to 10%, 12% of the market, do you think that the base, the benign 
base that, that was helping the industry and hence, you would become a challenge also going 
ahead. Industrials, I agree with you because there is a lot of tailwinds, but especially in 
automobiles, you know, the post-GST cuts and the last two years that we've seen, you know, the 
base is starting to become heavier. 
And even for Happy Forging, wh ich we see year -on-year, Q1 FY 26 was probably the softest 
quarter. So, and now going ahead, you will be lapping around the strongest quarters that you had 
posted last year. So how do you see Happy Forgings going ahead, especially in terms of, you 
know, asset turns? B ecause probably by start of FY 28, our asset turns will be at a trough, and 
then it will be all the way upwards. But, you know, the end sectors would probably th emselves 
be at a very high base. 
Ashish Garg: So, you know, we companies on a capex spree where, you know, we are investing Rs.350 crores 
to Rs.400 crores, you know, on an annualized basis. And see, I'm not worried about the 
temporary, you know, six months or one -year kind of a low asset turn because these are the 
assets which are built for the future. And, you know, the type of, you know, business that we are 
looking at producing for this, it 's, you know, it's a temporary six -month scenario. If you're 
looking at a slightly lesser time, you know, asset turn, it's because on the forging side we will be 
adding a bulk capacity whenever we are adding. And when we are seeing a higher set of growth, 
you know, this capacity is helping us to grow actually. 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
So, you know, if we have a capacity in place, then only we can, as you know, assure or look 
forward for this. Even on the pass car side, if we are growing today, it's because of the capacity 
which is planned. And because the growth is coming, our products are approved, we are 
competitive in the market, and at the same time we are able to ramp up fast. 
So all these things are kind of helping us out to grow this pass car business. And it is, the business 
is coming largely currently coming out of two, three customers. So there is a lot of potential for 
us to grow this business going forward because the customer acquisition has just started. It's not, 
you know, finished with these three customers. 
Jay Shah: Okay, okay, understood. And, and on the industrial side, you don't think there is, going to be a 
heavy base or something that's going to affect you because the tailwinds are much stronger even 
than passenger vehicle sector, right? 
Ashish Garg: The industrial is a very large sector because there are many industries within it. We call it as 
industrial because data centre, energy, you know, you will see some companies doing business 
only in energy today. And then the data cent re requirement and the mining, wind. So all these 
sectors are very large in nature, which comes under industrials. With the new line of business 
coming in, all the doors are open to produce heavy components. So that is the reason all this 
industry will actually play, you know, role going forward in the years to come. 
Jay Shah: Okay. And just picking your brains on the acquisition that you mentioned that you are looking 
actively. So when it comes to acquisition, are you looking at speed -to-market kind of an 
acquisition, or someone who can give you certifications, approvals, because assuming that, you 
know, you have a great, skill at machining already, and which is what a lot of aerospace 
components do need. So what would be the nature of that acquisition, if you could spend some 
time on that? 
Ashish Garg: We are open for acquisition, we are open f or joint ventures as well, and our  company is in a 
phase to acquire technology and produce, but some of the, you know, steel like titanium and 
other grades which are being used on the aerospace side, you know, our experience is not there 
today. And sometimes when we are trying to acquire, it's not only this, it's  more a lot of 
metallurgy and know-how chemistry which will, you know, probably help us. 
So the way to look at is that, you know, we should be seeing something that we are not doing 
today on the energy side or on the aerospace side, which can be probably of for support with the 
existing business, or where, you know, it's a machining business where the forgings can be done 
by us, machining can be done over there, or it's kind of a synergic fit. 
Jay Shah: Got it. Thank you so much. That’s all from my side. All the best for the future. 
Ashish Garg: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That was the last question for the day, and now I hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ashish Garg for closing comments. 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Ashish Garg: Thank you. To conclude, we are confident that our investments in innovation capacity and 
customer partnerships will drive sustained growth and value creation. With this, I would like to 
thank everyone for joining on the call. I hope we've been able to addr ess all your queries. For 
any other further information, kindly get in touch with Strategic Growth Advisors, our investor 
relations firm. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Happy Forgings Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
