[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
                                  Regd Office : 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
To 
 
BSE Ltd,  
Corporate Relationship Department,  
Phiroze Jeejebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 544057  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051  
 
Symbol: HAPPYFORGE  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and nine months ended 31st 
December 2025 held on Tuesday, 10th February 2026.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, kindly find enclosed the copy of the transcript of 
the Earnings call held on Tuesday, 10th February 2026 on the Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December 2025. 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
FOR HAPPY FORGINGS LIMITED 
 
 
 
BINDU GARG  
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: F6997  
BXXIX-2254/1, Kanganwal Road  
P.O. Jugiana,  
Ludhiana, Punjab, 141120 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Happy Forgings Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 10, 2026 
E&OE - This transcript has been edited for grammatical and other transcribing errors. In case of 
discrepancies, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 10th February 2026 will 
prevail. In case of any conflict of factual information with published data in the Investor Presentation, 
the latter should be considered to be accurate. 
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH GARG – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
HAPPY FORGINGS LIMITED 
 MR. PANKAJ KUMAR GOYAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HAPPY FORGINGS LIMITED 
  
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9 Months FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call of Happy Forgings Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. The statements are not the guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Ashish Garg, Managing Director, Happy Forgings Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashish Garg: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for the quarter 3 FY '26 
earnings call of Happy Forgings Limited. Along with me, I have Mr. Pankaj Kumar Goyal, our 
CFO and Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations advis ors. I trust everyone had the 
opportunity to review the Q3 and 9M FY '26 financial results and investor presentations, which 
are now available on the exchanges. 
 I am delighted to share that we continued with a strong growth trajectory in the third quarter and 
9 months of fiscal year 2026, delivered a robust operating and financial performance. In Q3 and 
9M FY '26, the revenues continue to scale up and profitability showed a clear improving trend.  
We have successfully navigated a period marked by softening steel prices, a challenging macro 
environment, including weak global demand and geopolitical events , while maintaining a 
positive growth momentum, improving profitability and further strengthening our balance sheet. 
 Importantly, during this period, we have invested meaningfully to build capacity and lay the 
foundation for future growth. And we have done so without straining the balance sheet. This 
was enabled by our robust business model, efficient working capital man agement, resulting in 
strong cash generation, allowing us to fund growth initiatives, while preserving financial 
strength and flexibility. 
 For the third quarter, the company delivered an all -time high performance across revenue from 
operations, gross profit, EBITDA and PAT, and we achieved the highest ever EBITDA PAT 
margin during the quarter.  Profitability growth outpaced the revenue growth with PAT 
increasing to 22.3% year -on-year. This was driven by robust value add as reflected in higher 
gross margin and operational efficiencies. 
 For the 9 -month period, revenue touched INR1,122 crores with a PAT of INR218 crores, 
demonstrating a resilient and consistent performance given the macro environment. Importantly, 
the sequential improvement witnessed in Q3 over Q2 reinforces the growth momentum in the 
business. And if this trend continues in quarter 4, it posit ions us well for a strong close in FY 
'26. 
 On the margins front, I would like to highlight that our EBITDA margins reached a new high of 
30.8% in the quarter and for the 9 months period crossed 30%. While this represents a 
meaningful improvement over last year, margins can vary from quarter -to-quarter as raw 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
material prices, capacity addition and business mix evolve. Our focus remains on maintaining 
EBITDA margins within a sustained range between 29% to 31% over the medium term.  
Coming to our operational performance in Q3, we recorded a healthy year -on-year volume 
growth of approximately 14%, driven by a strong uptick across domestic CV, farm and industrial 
segments, as well as the passenger vehicle segment overall contributed meaningfully. 
 Realizations remained broadly stable and range bound even as raw material prices softened 
during this period. Going forward, as higher value-add segments scale up, we expect realizations 
to improve. From a geographic perspective, domestic business delivered strong mid-teens year-
on-year growth during the quarter, driven by healthy demand across our core segments, 
especially commercial vehicle farm equipment.  
Direct exports remained subdued during the quarter, reflecting both ongoing weakness in certain 
end markets and tariff -related uncertainties.  In addition, changes in incoterms for select 
customers during the period resulted in a reclassification of certain revenues from direct exports 
to deemed and indirect export categories, which also contributed to the apparent decline in direct 
export share.  
However, when viewed on a broader and more meaningful basis by combining direct deemed 
and indirect exports, which together account for roughly one-fourth of our finished goods sales. 
Export market-dependent revenues were largely flat on a year -on-year basis. Importantly, this 
combined export-linked revenue pool recorded a modest sequential increase, indicating early 
signs of stabilization rather than further deterioration. 
 Following the recent announcements around India, U.S. tariffs and other trade agreements, we 
are closely tracking developments and await further clarity on the fine prints for these 
agreements. Directionally, we view these developments are positive for lon g-term economic 
growth and industry opportunities. 
 In parallel, some OEMs in CV and farm equipment segments have marginally revised their 
outlook for calendar year 2026 compared to the guidance issued in quarter 3 calendar 2025, with 
industry growth expectations now indicating stability to modest low single-digit growth. Against 
this backdrop, outlook for export business hence appears more constructive as compared to the 
previous quarter, which could support a gradual recovery and growth in our existing export -
linked business. 
 Moving to our industry segment highlights for quarter 3 FY '26. Our diversified portfolio 
remains a cornerstone of our strategy. This balanced exposure allows us to effectively derisk 
while fully capturing the robust secular growth in the domestic and international markets.  
Commercial vehicle contributed 37% to our operating revenue in 9 months '26 period. The 
segment continues to be the highest contributor during the quarter. The combination of the GST 
rate cut, improving affordability and healthy infrastructure -led demand m ainly supported a 
meaningful pickup in the industry volumes. Also, domestic CV dispatches saw an uptick 
supported by sustained freight activity. With improving lead indicators in the domestic markets 
such as supportive policy measures and sustained infrastructure activity. 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
We are optimistic about the segments to sustain its strong demand visibility and positive 
momentum, positioning us well for continued growth. However, the broader global backdrop 
remains soft with major markets in North America and Europe yet to show meaningful recovery 
momentum. 
 Farm equipment contributed 33% (corrected: stated as 31% on the call)  to our total operating 
revenue in 9 months '26.   
The domestic tractor industry demonstrated growth, supported by favorable monsoons and 
Kharif agriculture output. Industry volumes grew on the back of strong rural demand and 
improved cash flows.  Looking ahead in '27, industry demand is expected to remain stable, 
supported by normal monsoon assumptions, steady farm incomes and sustained mechanism 
trends to agriculture. 
 As per the outlook released by some OEMs, the European and U.S. farm equipment markets are 
expected to remain broadly stable or range bound in calendar year 2026.  
Industrials contributed 14% (corrected; stated as 15%  on the call ) to our overall operating 
revenue in 9 months '26.  This segment delivered a stable performance in the quarter, supported 
mainly by demand across power generation, renewables such as wind, railways, oil and gas and 
digital infrastructure.  
Overall, the outlook for this segment is positive given the rapid expansion of India's data center 
ecosystem, solar and grid capacity additions, rail modernization and maintenance cycles that are 
likely to continue to support order inflows.  
Off-highway contributed 11% (corrected; stated as 12% on the call) to our operating revenue. 
Amid broader category weakness, the domestic off-highway segment saw softness on a year-on-
year basis. Slower project awards, particularly in roads and highway and other infrastructure 
segments, along with land acquisition approval -related delays moderated the pace of project 
execution. This impacted equipment demand during the period. I ndustry conditions in Europe 
and U.S. remained challenging during this period. 
 Passenger vehicles contributed 5% to our total revenue in 9 months '26. The passenger vehicle 
segment continued to perform well and now contributed close to a mid -single-digit share of 
revenues. We have strong visibility on incremental business in this segment and expect this 
contribution to scale meaningfully over the next few years. 
 We increased our machining capacity to 68,000 MT, an addition of 9,800 MT in quarter 3 FY 
'26. This expansion is in anticipation of the upcoming demand. Further, we will strengthen our 
forging capacities by commissioning a new 10,000 ton press in quarter 4 FY '26 and the 4,000 
ton press in H1 FY '27. 
 To improve our cost efficiency and support our ESG commitments, we have signed a long-term 
lease for 80 acres of land to develop a captive solar power plant. We anticipated the benefit of 
this investment to start coming in partly in FY '28 and fully therea fter. Furthermore, we are on 
track with our heavy component related capex, which is progressing well as per the schedule. 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 Looking ahead, we expect domestic demand momentum to continue as global trade dynamics 
evolve. We hope that export pressures will also subside, paving the way for a measured 
turnaround in our international markets. We have visibility of new and incremental peak annual 
business of approximately INR800 crores, expected to commence from FY '27 onwards, which 
will scale up over the next 2 to 3 years.  
This includes incremental revenues from heavy component capex lines. The addition of this 
business will further strengthen our diversification efforts. A large part of the upcoming business 
is linked to industrial and passenger vehicles with nearly two-thirds oriented towards export 
markets. 
 Consequently, the contribution of industrials, EV and export dependent segments is expected to 
increase meaningfully in the overall mix and have a positive impact on the revenue 
diversification and profitability as well.  I'll now invite our CFO, Mr. Pankaj Kumar Goyal, to 
share a detailed breakdown of our financial drivers and offer further analytical color on our 
quarter 3 and 9 months performance. 
Pankaj Kumar Goyal: Thank you. I hope I'm audible to all of you. Good morning, everyone. Let's now dive into the 
key financial metrics that define our performance for the third quarter and nine months period 
of FY '26.  
We recorded a revenue from operation of INR391 crores for Q3 FY '26 and INR1,122 crores for 
9 months FY '26. This represents a Y-o-Y expansion of 10.4% and 6.2% for the quarter and 9 
months period, respectively.  
We registered a Y -o-Y volume growth of 13.8% in Q3 FY '26 and 7.6% for 9 months FY '26.  
Realizations were marginally lower for both Q3 and primarily due to changes in product mix 
and lower scrap prices. 
 Gross profit reached INR230 crores in Q3 and INR663 crores for 9 months, reflecting an uptick 
of 12.2% and 8.5% Y -o-Y, respectively. This performance incurred healthy gross margins of 
58.9% for the quarter and 59.1% for 9 months.  
EBITDA clocked in at INR120 crores for Q3 and INR337 crores for 9 months FY '26, making 
a year-on-year surge of 18.7% and 10.8%, respectively. Consequently, EBITDA margin settled 
at 30.8% and 30.1%, respectively, as a result of operating leverage.  
Profit after tax stood at INR79 crores for the quarter and INR218 crores for 9 months FY '26. 
This reflects a significant Y -o-Y growth of 22.3% for quarter 3 and 11.8% for 9 months on an 
adjusted basis, with PAT margins holding firm at 20.2% and 19.4% for Q3 and 9 months, 
respectively. 
 I would also like to clarify that we have no financial impact from the new Labour Code transition 
as our current provisions and practices are already fully compliant with the updated regulations. 
Our balance sheet remains a core strength of the organization through focused working capital 
management, we have maintained stability relative to working capital levels of H1 FY '26.  
[[PAGE 7]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
This reduced our working capital intensity, combined with our expanding margin profile has 
translated into robust cash flow conversions, thereby resulting in a INR315 crores in cash flow 
from operations for the 9 -month FY '26 period.  Our treasury cushion has further strengthened 
with total liquid assets now exceeding INR400 crores. This provides us with a significant buffer 
and the financial flexibility to fund our growth initiatives from internal accruals. 
 We continue to invest for the future. Our ongoing capex program is progressing as per schedule. 
With INR300 crores deployed in the first 9 months of the year, we expected our total capex for 
FY '26 to be in the range of INR400 crores to INR500 crores, all of which aimed at augmenting 
our high-growth capabilities and enhancing long-term value for our stakeholders. 
 With that, we are ready to commence the question-and-answer session. I will turn it back to the 
moderator to invite the first question. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Preet Pitani from InCred AMC. Please go ahead. 
Preet Pitani: I only had one question. My question is on the line of gross margin. We have seen the 
improvement on Y-o-Y basis on the gross margin despite raw material headwinds. What has led 
to such improvement? And what do we expect going forward? 
Ashish Garg: So -- thank you. So gross margin improvement trend has improved over the last several years. It 
is improving year -on-year. That's largely on account of the product mix changes, which is 
happening and whereas the new product introduction is at better realiz ation rate, which is kind 
of improving the overall average for the realizations. And this is despite the falling raw material 
prices that has happened in the last 1.5, 2 years. Going forward, we expect this momentum to 
continue as well on a medium-term basis as our export share will improve and also the industrial 
business will improve going forward. 
Preet Pitani: Just a follow-up on that. The realization, if I can see that this quarter, it was 3% down year -on-
year and despite we have seen gross margin improvement. So if you could just highlight that? 
Ashish Garg: There's a fall in steel prices as well. So you're seeing the total realization base. But if you see the 
raw material price, the raw material price fall was even more than that. And secondly, it's because 
of the changes in the product mix. 
Preet Pitani: Can you just name what are the top raw materials, which have been used along with the 
percentage of the contribution to the overall raw material base? 
Ashish Garg: So we largely consume alloy steel and alloy steel grades like 1541, 20MnCr5 or chrome moly 
grades and carbon steel grades largely used for automotive requirements and wind requirements. 
So this is the base that we consume. And we also consume some bit of stainless steel in our 
product. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus. 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Mihir Vora: So sir, just one clarification on capex that what would be the 9-month capex that we have already 
incurred and some projection for the FY '27 capex number as well? 
Ashish Garg: Sure. So we have already completed a capex of almost INR300 crores in 9 months this financial 
year. And expect -- the expectation for next year is close to INR400 crores, excluding solar 
project. Including solar, it will be close to INR480 crores. 
Mihir Vora: Okay. Next one is, sir, basically, we saw a good decent growth in the industrial segment here, 
which you mentioned in opening remarks was driven by the domestic part of it. But can you 
throw some more light on what kind of components are you basically givi ng into the railway 
segment, which you mentioned here and some more light on the components in the industrial 
part? 
Ashish Garg: So railways is a very small segment for us. We produce piston pins for local applications, where 
we are import substitutes. And within industrial, we supply crank shafts as well as wind pinions. 
The large crank shaft goes for heavy genset applications and the wind pinions are for wind 
gearboxes. 
Mihir Vora: And sir, lastly, on the order book front, which you have mentioned around INR800-odd crores, 
which also includes the heavy engineering part. But are we seeing some incremental orders like 
previously, I think we had mentioned a confirmed order of INR100-odd crores. Do we see any 
more confirmation here in the heavy engineering segment? 
Ashish Garg: So on the heavy engineering, particularly on the large crank shaft family, we have close to 
INR180 crores of signed orders right now. And going forward, we are waiting for the capacity 
to come in place, but we are already in discussions with several OEMs for this project.  As the 
time lines are very close by, so I think the real marketing will start around June, July because 
we expect equipment to reach in the plant, and that will be the time when we can actually 
demonstrate our capabilities once the infrastructure is built. 
Mihir Vora: So when do we expect that plant to be utilized at a fair level like will it be in FY '28 or '29? 
Ashish Garg: So some bit of utilization will start coming from FY '28 and largely from FY '29. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Joseph George from IIFL. 
Joseph George: I have two questions. One is, when I look at your capacity numbers that were given on the PPT, 
your forging stand at 127,000 tons and machining stands at 68,000 tons. Could you give us a 
sense of where these numbers will end at the end of FY '27? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. So FY '27, we'll be looking at forging capacity of 150,000 tons and the machining capacity 
is around 82,000 tons. 
Joseph George: Okay. And this obviously doesn't include much of the heavy engines capacity or heavy 
component capacity? 
Ashish Garg: No. That will probably come in FY '28. 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Joseph George: That will come in FY '28. And when that comes, we'll end closer to 200,000 tons in terms of 
forgings? 
Ashish Garg: Around 180,000 tons on the forging side and around 90,000 tons in terms of the machining. 
Joseph George: The second question that I had was on gross margins. You mentioned that your initial comment 
had reference to raw materials, et cetera. What I want to understand is, isn't the price of steel a 
complete pass-through under your contracts with your customers?  That is one.  And second is 
we have seen currency moving all over the place, be it EURO INR, USD INR. What are the 
implications for these currency movements for your profitability? 
Ashish Garg: So steel is a pass-through in most of the cases, you can say almost 85% of the business, steel is 
a pass-through, but there is a lag of 1 month. And in export, there is a lag of 1 quarter. But scrap 
is not a pass-through. So whatever scrap gain or loss comes, that goes directly in the EBITDA. 
 So if you see last year till December, we have seen scrap prices falling. And going forward, we 
see scrap prices improving as well. So the new contracts probably will get signed now for the 
scrap prices will be at a better realizations, better prices, as i t has started to move upwards. But 
on the steel side, it is a pass-through for us. And on the domestic side, it is passed with a 1-month 
lag, and we have sufficient inventories to actually cover that. 
 With regard to forex, forex in some of the contracts is a pass-through mechanism. And in some 
of the contracts is a long -term agreement, where we hedge our currency on a long -term basis. 
So we work on both contracts, both type of contracts. But largely on the open contract, we follow 
a hedge policy right now is more significant. 
Joseph George: Okay. How long are your hedges typically duration? 
Ashish Garg: It is typically for 1, 1.5 years looking forward. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Good to see the numbers improving. Congratulations on that. And also, on holding a very strong 
margin number. I have two set of questions. One, if you can give me the split of what was the 
growth in the domestic market and the growth or degrowth in the export market. If you can split 
that in whatever manner possible, revenue volumes? 
Ashish Garg: Okay. Sure. So roughly 55% of our revenue comes from domestic CV and domestic farm 
business. So where in terms of value, we have grown by almost 22%, you can see on an average 
in terms of value. In terms of volume it is slightly better. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 22%, right? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. On the domestic CV and farm, which is around 55%  - 57% of our revenues. Whereas on 
the off-highway side, we have witnessed a degrowth, both domestic as well as international. And 
we have one large customer, where we have seen this actually dipping.  On the CV export side, 
we have seen  weakness, where there's a degrowth to the level of almost 10%, 12%, both in 
Europe as well as in the U.S. market.  
[[PAGE 10]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
And the degrowth is more on the U.S. business on the CV side.  On the farm export is a very 
small percentage. It's a new vertical where we have seen growth. And on the PV side, we have 
seen on the domesti c as well as export side, a growth of almost 37% year -on-year. So that is 
something, which is ongoing. So largely on the degrowth side, it's off-highway business, where 
we have seen a degrowth and the CV export business, which is where we have seen this degrowth 
coming in. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Right, sir. And this is very elaborate. My second question is to understand what happens to the 
new orders next year, especially on the export front if the demand remains subdued. So we have 
a very strong new order book as such. But what kind of visibility  do we have of these orders 
getting converted at the right time? Anything you can explain on that? 
Ashish Garg: So on the export side, we have largely three programs, and largely for U.S. which is for the 
industrial sector for gensets, which we have already started ramping up, and we have a visibility 
for the entire year. Thanks to the tariff situation that the numbers are very clear now. On the EV 
business, we  already started the ramp-up in December, starting from December on the EV export 
business, which is indirect exports to North America. 
 And the third large order that we have is for the PV sector export. Over there as well, the 
visibility is there that we have to build stocks in U.S. warehouses in September. So we'll start 
ramping up from May, June onwards on that business as well and that is not related to CV, that's 
a PV program, where volumes are established and not much of a variation is seen as of now in 
terms of volumes for that. So that's the visibility we have on all these 3 projects. And we expect 
export percentage to improve meaningfully from second quarter of next financial year. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Akash from NVAFM. 
Akash: So just wanted to understand from a quarter -on-quarter perspective, I think we have seen a 
realization dip by almost 5% just wanted to understand and due to which we have also seen a 
kind of gross margins dipping on a sequential basis. So just wanted to understand, which segment 
is a margin driver for us or which segment has basically fallen off due to which we have taken 
a hit on our margins worldwide what I wanted to understand? 
Ashish Garg: So I'm just not clear with your question. Can you just repeat once again? You're asking that 
realization,can you just come once again? 
Akash: Yes, sure. So sir, we have seen our realizations dip by almost 5% on a sequential basis. I don't 
think steel prices have fallen that much on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Yes. So what I wanted to 
understand which segment is basically hitting us in terms of gross margins and realizations? 
Ashish Garg: So basically, it has not gone down. You can say that because of the product mix changes, we are 
seeing this largely on account of increased sales on the forged products to the tune of almost 
1.5%, 2%, we are seeing this.  On the other side, again, the cost is also less because of more of 
forged product sale. And that has also resulted in improvement in margin and that has happened 
because of the product mix. Even though there is a realization change is there, but if you look at 
the cost, sequentially, cost has also gone down. 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Akash: Yes. So that's what I want to understand that for the product mix part basically we have a higher 
set of realizations and margins in this segment, this industrial CV and that basically is? 
Ashish Garg: It's the industrial export business, which has picked up, which is largely very heavy components 
that we are exporting, which are largely on a forged nature of products, where the realization is 
not similar to crank shafts is less than that. Over there, th ere is an increase. But yes, relatively, 
the cost is not the same. So sequentially, if you see there is cost increment has not happened. 
But even despite of that, there is an improvement in overall margin. 
Akash: Understood. And sir, I think to an earlier participant question, you explained the volume growth 
across all segments, except for industrial. So on a Y -o-Y basis, industrial have seen how much 
growth? Volume growth? 
Ashish Garg: Just a second. So around volume growth on industrial is around 2%. 
Akash: Understood. And my last question will be for FY '27. I think we are installing a 10,000 ton 
forging press line this quarter. So I would like to understand , for which components, which 
segment are we installing that? And basically what new programs are in place or new orders will 
start for us incrementally in FY '27? And for which segments, yes, that's it? 
Ashish Garg: So we have already started ramping up on some of the industrial businesses on this line, and this 
will contribute on the industrial as well as on the CV side. And we've started ramping up from 
our 8,000 ton press line, and we expect to reach peak capacity utilization on 8,000 tons very 
soon. And that is the reason this 10,000 ton press line was planned. So the incremental volumes 
on the industrial side as well as on the CV side that we are looking from some of our customers 
on the domestic business will clearly come out of this press line. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nitin Agrawal from JM Financial. 
Nitin Agrawal: Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I just wanted to have your thoughts about the recent 
deal with the U.S., some of the components fall under 232 section. So where are we -- what kind 
of a duty are we expecting on our product exported to the U.S. market? I know a lot of clarity is 
required, but wanted to know yourself. Will it be 0 under 232 section or 18% kind of a duty? 
Ashish Garg: So it is still not clear. See, in most of the cases, the duty is paid by our customers. So we have 
not kept it in our scope. And it also depends how they are importing it and how they're getting 
it cleared prior to the situation because they cannot change that terms if they are importing under 
certain clause. So different customers are importing and getting it cleared in a different manner. 
 So it's very difficult to say, yes, there are definitely ways and means to get it cleared in an 18% 
as well. But we are aware that not many are doing that right now. So we still have to see that 
how -- there will be more clarity coming in on this, I think in next 1 month's time, but it's not in 
our. 
Nitin Agrawal: So just one more question on that as well. So if we are coming to 18% duty, do we get a 
competitive advantage to companies, which are based out of China. So do we get additional 
business from U.S.? Any sense on that? 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Ashish Garg: You are right. India will be at an advantageous position if you compare it with China as well as 
Brazil because a lot of forged and machine components of this size are actually coming out of 
Brazil in the U.S. markets. Brazil today is at 50% and so is Chin a. So India will get the benefit 
of this. And on one of the industrial projects, which the supply chain is in China. So we will be 
seeing business increasing in this part. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aniket Mhatre from Motilal Oswal Securities. 
Aniket Mhatre: Just quickly on the you had indicated incremental order wins of INR8 billion. By when do you 
expect to reach this number? 
Ashish Garg: Aniket, almost 80% of the business, 80%, 85% of the business is to be delivered in the next 2 
years. And accordingly, the ramp -up and the capacities a re planned for those businesses a nd 
regarding the high horsepower, which is around INR180 crores out of this INR800 crores, which 
will come some bit of it will come in FY '28 and balance will come in FY '29. And largely, you 
can say around INR620 crores of the business is across the other range of sectors, which will be 
delivered, which we will start ramping up and start executing these numbers in the next 18 to 20 
months. 
Aniket Mhatre: So by FY '28, we should expect 80%, 85% of this INR8 billion to be executed? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. 
Aniket Mhatre: Understood. Got it. The other question I had, sir, was again, from a margins perspective, 
basically, you had indicated that from Q2 of FY '27, exports will start ramping up, right? And I 
mean, as a general thumb rule, we understand exports will be higher margin. So is it fair to 
assume that margins can continue to gradually inch up as our mix improves in the coming years? 
Ashish Garg: So Aniket, as we are already at a very strong range of numbers, definitely some improvements 
will come. So we can say that we'll be range bound 28% to 32%. And also on the realization bit 
and as we will start exporting, yes, some improvements will happen o ver there as well. Scrap 
prices also, we are seeing improvement, which will also drive some improvements over there.  
And thirdly, with regard to the solar project, which is coming up, we expect that to also improve 
our power cost starting from third quarter because it will roughly generate around power almost 
INR25 crores to INR30 crores per annum. 
Aniket Mhatre: So the solar project itself, I guess, should be about a 50 basis points improvement, if I'm not 
mistaken? 
Ashish Garg: Aniket, can you repeat? You were not clear? 
Aniket Mhatre: No, sorry, I was asking about the solar project. What kind of benefit can we expect  in terms of 
our margin once it's fully operational? 
Ashish Garg: So we expect to reduce our power cost by INR25 crores to INR30 crores per annum, which is a 
substantial cost reduction that we'll be seeing on our power grid on an annualized basis. 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Aniket Mhatre: Understood. And, we are hearing steel prices are again inching up. Are we seeing that in our 
grade of steel that we use for our raw materials as well? 
Ashish Garg: So the alloy steel market, actually, the settlement happens with a lag. And sometimes the 
settlement happens with a retrospective date. So large OEMs like Tata Motors actually decide 
on this alloy steel pricing. It is not like the daily price movements tha t happened. On the daily 
price movement levels on the inwards and also on the TMT rates, it is already clear on the charts 
that the steel prices have started moving up also on the scrap prices.  
So we can say that, yes, the settlement that will happen will also drive the alloy steel prices. But 
as of now, it is not settled. So when the settlement happens, it could be retrospective that happens 
from 1st of Jan. But yes, definitely,  it looks like that the cycle has now started even on the 
commodity side, which will probably be there for next 12 to 15 months. 
Aniket Mhatre: And sir, what is the kind of increase we are seeing for our period of products firstly? 
Ashish Garg: So Aniket, it is still not settled. It could be in a range of INR3 to INR4 a kg. But it all depends 
on the primary steel producers and Tata Motors to settle it. Because once it is settled, it is settled 
for at least one  or two quarters because the changes will not happen in between. But roughly, 
you can say INR3 to INR4 is expected to go up. That can happen from 1st of April or some bit 
of it can passed on from 1st of Jan. That's not clear. 
Aniket Mhatre: Understood. Just my final question on exports. I understand about, just correct me if I'm wrong, 
about 50% of our exports mix comes from CVs, right, and roughly just about 1% from farm 
equipment. Could you help us understand what is the mix for industrial exports and OHV exports 
and PV exports? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. If I combine direct and indirect, so 3% is off-highway exports, 8% is industrial exports and 
4% is the farm equipment exports. 
Aniket Mhatre: And CV? 
Ashish Garg: CV is around 10% to 12%. 
Aniket Mhatre: Balance is for passenger vehicles? 
Ashish Garg: Passenger right now is very small. We have just started from December onwards. It is just 1% 
right now. So we expect this percentage to improve going forward. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vijay Pandey from Nuvama. 
Vijay Pandey: Congratulations for a good set of numbers. A couple of questions. I just wanted to understand if 
you can tell us that order pipeline of INR800 crores. So what will be the bifurcation in terms of 
industrial, commercial vehicle, off-highway and passenger vehicle? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. Just give me a minute. So it is roughly around 24% coming from passenger vehicle, 27% 
coming from commercial vehicle, 44% from industrial and 4% from farm equipment. 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Vijay Pandey: Okay. Secondly, sir recently, the Volvo in their conference call or in their earnings release, they 
have increased the guidance for calendar year '26. So just wanted to understand Volvo Trucks. 
So just want to understand how do you see the outlook? Are you seeing some improve ment in 
Europe and U.S. market on the CV side because some of the OEMs are increasing their guidance, 
especially for Europe? 
Ashish Garg: On the guidance side, when we have reviewed, there is a slight improvement what they are 
showing. So heavy duty, we are seeing close to 10%. 
Ashish Garg: Roughly around 10,000. Yes, roughly around 5% forecast increase is there for Europe for CV 
for this year, this calendar year. 
Vijay Pandey: So are we seeing that in our orders also or our sales also? 
Ashish Garg: See sir, there, we maintain minmax levels for European OEMs. And we still have to see that 
movement coming in because there will be inventory, which we are kind of reducing because of 
last year. Once we see that uptick, we will see, but right now, on the CV side, still the numbers 
that we have till June with us reflects slight improvement, but not much of an improvement we 
are seeing over there.  
But definitely, yes, over last year, we see some improvement on those numbers as well. On the 
off-highway side, and industrial side, we are seeing some improvements. We have the forecast 
for the entire year, which definitely shows a better number. 
Vijay Pandey: Sir, on the new capex, so that plant that will become operational in FY '28. So what will be our 
forging and machining capacity for that? 
Ashish Garg: Yes. So forging capacity will improve from 150,000 tons to 180,000 tons, so roughly increment 
of 30,000 tons in terms of the forging capacity. And in Phase 1, as there are 2 machining lines 
planned. For FY '28, there is first machining line will come, which will add additional 5,000 
tons of machining capacity. And FY '29, there is another machining capacity, which is planned. 
So roughly 10,000 tons of machining capacities will also increase by FY '28 and '29. 
Vijay Pandey: Combined or 10,000 tons each year? 
Ashish Garg: No, sorry, 5,000 tons each because this is particularly for large high-horsepower crankshaft, but 
we also plan to sell semi -machined products or other machine products, which are not in 
crankshaft applications, especially on the wind side, which are in discussions. And relatively, 
the capex for those programs will not be the same, will be much lesser. The machining capex 
will be coming at lesser price. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from Pantomath Financial Services. 
Mitul Shah: Congratulations for a very strong performance, particularly record high margins in this tough 
business environment. Sir, I have two questions. First one is on the U.S. side, considering the of 
course, it's too early, but in the last few days, this revised duty structure, are you getting any 
sense or any initial discussion with a very high level of inquiries or very strong traction? 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Ashish Garg: So Mitul, a lot of the inquiry flow was already there. But yes, the decision -making was not 
happening. The last 6, 8 months, everything was stuck particularly on the farm side, where we 
are seeing the relative weakness. And the idea was to cut cost for the  North American OEMs. 
So over there, we have started our discussions. 
 And again, on the PV side for our existing customer base, where we already have programs, we 
are in discussions for several -- other activities also. So definitely, interactions have started now, 
and we are hopeful that the conversion of business will also happen in this year, could be much 
faster. 
Mitul Shah: And assuming that latest revised duty structure remains there and considering all our peers are 
sizable in terms of the U.S. contribution, where do you see our U.S. revenue 2 or 3 years down 
the line as a percentage of overall business? 
Ashish Garg: So Mitul, so right now, we are around 7% to 8% on direct and indirect business to U.S. This will 
definitely inch up to 15% to 16% going forward. And the meaningful increase will come from 
CV and PV programs that we already have and for which we are planning to ramp up very soon 
and also on the industrial side, which will come at a medium-term basis. 
Mitul Shah: Yes. But sir, actually, the CV cycle seems to be bottoming out globally now after almost 1.5, 2 
years slowdown. So don't you think CV would be bigger trigger compared to PVs or farm? 
Ashish Garg: So these are completely based on the new project wins and the new orders, which we have. And 
on the CV side, we don't have much of a business in North America right now and we still have 
to see. But right now, on the CV side, there are excess inventories, which are in place. So the 
flow of new businesses on the CV side is very less. Post this correction, probably we'll have to 
see because definitely, there will be shift from China, and we can see more opportunity on the 
CV side as well. 
Mitul Shah: Sir, lastly, one clarification on this solar project. As you said, next year, Q3, it will become 
operational. So when can we expect fully operational that INR25 crores, INR30 crores benefit 
on an annualized basis? Would that be from Q3, Q4 next year or it will take another year or so? 
Ashish Garg: No. Once the facility started, Mitul, we can reach the idle generation levels within 10, 15 days. 
Just that October to February or mid -Jan period is a winter period in North India, where 
generation is relatively lesser. But yes, you can see that we can sta rt producing peak units from 
mid-February onwards on the plant.  And it will kind of peak out because summer months will 
definitely have higher units. But yes, on the plant -- once the plant is operational, then within 
10, 15 days, we can reach  up to the optimum generation capacity. And this is the entire is for 
captive use. 
Mitul Shah: Yes. And related to that, in FY '28 or '29, this solar would be how much portion of the overall 
contribution of power requirement? 
Ashish Garg: So in FY '28 because FY '28, we expect  our utilization for this to come . [Note: The call was 
disrupted at this point due to an unforeseen technical issue. As several participants had 
disconnected during the interruption, the call was concluded once connectivity was restored.] 
[[PAGE 16]]
 Happy Forging Limited 
  February 10, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to sir, 
Ashish Garg for the closing comments. 
Ashish Garg: Thank you, and sorry participants for the technical issues. To conclude, our performance through 
quarter 3 and 9 months of FY '26 reinforces the strength of our core fundamentals and our growth 
strategy. In a dynamic landscape, our focus remains on leveraging advanced engineering 
capabilities and operating scale to deliver consistent outcomes. 
 Looking ahead, continued investments in capacity and deeper customer integration will drive 
sustained long-term value creation. We thank you for the continued trust in Happy Forgings 
Limited. It's a privilege to have you to join us for an insightful discus sion. We believe to have 
addressed your queries satisfactorily. However, we welcome any further engagement through 
our IR team. Should you have any follow -up questions, please reach out to SGA, our Investor 
Relations partners. Thank you for joining us today. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Happy Forgings Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
