[[PAGE 1]]
RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LIMITED 
Date: 30t July 2026 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited BSE Limited 
Listing Department Department of Corporate Services 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra (East) Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 051 Mumbai 400 001 
NSE Scrip: RKFORGE BSE Scrip: 532527 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub.: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 {“SEBI_Listing Regulations”)-Earnings Call 
Transcript - Q1& FY'27 
In continuation to our intimation dated July 17, 2026, and July 25, 2026, and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q1 & FY 27 held on July 24,2026 at 4:30 PM(IST). The same is 
uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed through the following weblink 
https://ramkrishnaforgings.com ing-call-transcript/ 
Request you to take the above information on your record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
Rajesh Mundra 
Company Secretary& Compliance Officer 
ACS12991 
Encl.: As above 
Certified 
AN 2026-JAN 2027 INDIA 
Y REGISTERED & CORPORATE OFFICE A 
23 CIRCUS AVENUE, KOLKATA 700017, WEST BENGAL, INDIA 
PHONE: {(+91 33) 7122 0900, EMAIL: info@ramkrishnaforgings.com, WEB: www.ramkrishnaforgings.com 
CIN NO.: L74210WB1981PLC034281 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 
 
 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
July 24, 2026 
   
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. N ARESH JALAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR      
 MR. C HAITANYA JALAN – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR  
 M R. LALIT KHETAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 MR. MILESH GANDHI – W HOLE-TIME DIRECTOR  
 M R. RAJESH MUNDHRA – VICE PRESIDENT-FINANCE AND COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
MODERATOR: M R. DINESH KUMAR – 360 ONE CAPITAL MARKET LIMITED 
 
External Participants: 
 Pranav Jain – Ageless Capital Finance 
 Siddhaant Lodaya – Sanshi Fund 
 Kaushik Jhawar – AK Investments 
 Hardik Chheda – Lark 
 Mitul Shah – Pantomath 
 Vinil Shah – Dalal & Broacha 
 Abhishek Jain – CRIS PMS 
 Aditya Kumar – Old Bridge Mutual Fund 
 Viral Shah – Enam Holdings 
 Kumar Saurabh – Scientific Investing 
 Jayesh Gandhi – Harshad H. Gandhi Securities Private Limited 
 Geetarth Tandon – Green Portfolio 
 Bharat C. Shah – BCS Capital Ideas Private Limited 
 Harsh Shah – Marcellus Advisors 
 Saket – Sagari Capital 
 Karan Gupta – CAVI Capital 
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   2 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ramkrishna Forgings Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call hosted by 360 ONE Capital Market 
Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dinesh Kumar from 360 ONE. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Dinesh Kumar:  Thank you. Welcome to all the participants on behalf of 360 ONE Capital 
Market for Ramkrishna Forgings Limited Q1 FY27 post-results conference 
call. 
From the management, we have with us today, Mr. Naresh Jalan, 
Managing Director; Mr. Chaitanya Jalan, Whole-time Director; Mr. Lalit 
Khetan, Whole-time Director and CFO; Mr. Milesh Gandhi, Whole-time 
Director; and Mr. Rajesh Mundhra, Vice President Finance and Company 
Secretary. 
I will now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks 
to be followed by the question-and-answer session. Over to you, sir. 
Lalit Khetan:  Thank you, Dinesh. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
on this call to discuss the Q1 FY27 earnings. I trust all of you had a chance 
to review the earnings document that we have shared earlier today. 
The global macroeconomic environment remained mixed during the 
quarter with geopolitical developments and evolving trade policies 
continuing to shape business sentiment across major markets. While the 
resurgence of the West Asia conflict remains an overhang and tariff 
negotiations can arise once again, operating conditions have become 
more stable, compared with the heightened volatility, which we 
witnessed over the past few quarters. 
[[PAGE 4]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   3 
 
While customer activity across key markets has remained resilient, 
demand across the commercial vehicle ecosystem has strengthened 
further, supported by healthy production schedules and greater policy 
clarity around regional supply chains. 
Robust GST collections and healthy consumption trends reflect the 
underlying strength of the domestic economy. Reflecting these favorable 
market conditions, we are pleased to report another quarter of strong 
operational and financial performance. 
The momentum established in the latter half of FY26 has carried into the 
first quarter of FY27, driven by robust domestic demand, improving export 
volumes, and disciplined execution across our increasingly diversified 
business portfolio. 
Our international business recorded further improvement during the 
quarter, led by stronger demand from North America, alongside 
improving customer engagement and order execution across Europe. 
While tariff-related developments remain an area of close attention, the 
operating environment has become considerably more stable, providing 
greater visibility and confidence across our export markets. 
At the same time, we are expanding our presence across passenger 
vehicles, electric vehicles, and advanced materials, including aluminum 
and specialty alloy forgings, broadening our addressable market and 
creating new avenues for long-term growth. 
Operationally, the quarter witnessed continued progress across several 
strategic priorities. The integration of our casting operations has now 
been substantially completed, and we remain focused on scaling 
production, while improving operating efficiencies. 
Production ramp-up across the new forging and casting facilities 
continues as planned. With the majority of our strategic capital 
expenditure now behind us, our focus has decisively shifted towards 
sweating these assets through higher utilization, improving asset turn, 
and generating stronger operating leverage. 
[[PAGE 5]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   4 
 
With cash flow set to strengthen, we remain committed to prudent capital 
allocation, and we will seek to reduce leverage while ensuring that 
adequate capital is deployed towards growth investments and 
maintenance capex. 
Let me now briefly share the financial highlights for the quarter. 
Consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,217 crores, which is 
flat quarter-on-quarter, and it has registered a growth of 19.84% year-on-
year.  
EBITDA excluding other income stood at Rs. 218.47 crores, that is up by 
47% year-on-year and 5% quarter-on-quarter, while EBITDA margin 
improved to 17.96% from 17.11% in the previous quarter, reflecting better 
operating leverage and improved product mix. 
Profit before tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 65.34 crores versus Rs. 23.9 
crores year-on-year, and while profit after tax for the quarter stood at  
Rs. 46.88 crores versus Rs. 11.7 crores year-on-year, reflecting a growth 
of 172% and 297%, respectively. 
With that, I would now like to hand over the proceedings to Mr. Milesh 
Gandhi, Whole-time Director, who will take you through the order wins 
during the quarter. Over to you, Milesh. 
Milesh Gandhi:  Thank you, Lalit ji. It has been an exciting quarter in terms of order wins. 
The company continued to witness healthy order inflows during the 
quarter, reflecting sustained customer confidence in our manufacturing 
capabilities, engineering expertise and execution track record.  
During First quarter  FY27, we have secured business worth Rs. 278 crores 
with a program life of four years from automobile segment. The company 
also won new orders worth Rs. 15 crores from Metro segment of Indian 
Railways. Out of Rs. 278 crores, approximately 82% of these orders are in 
passenger vehicle segment, and 18% from two-wheeler segment. 
We continue to witness encouraging traction across both, our existing 
customer base as well as our new customer engagements, supported by 
[[PAGE 6]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   5 
 
our expanding manufacturing footprint and broader product portfolio. 
Our diversification strategy continues to make steady progress. While 
commercial vehicle remains our core business, we are seeing increasing 
opportunities across passenger vehicles, electrical vehicles, energy, 
mining, off-highway, and railway segments. The share of our non-
automotive business in our order book has continued to improve, 
reflecting our strategic focus on building a more balanced business 
portfolio. 
Demand continues to be supported by healthy investment activity across 
infrastructure, industrial manufacturing, and commercial vehicles. While 
customer discussions across North America and Europe have become 
increasingly constructive compared to a year ago. 
We remain confident of sustaining healthy order momentum and building 
a strong foundation for long-term growth. I would like to mention we are 
looking to new ventures within the boundaries of forgings and casting 
business in non-ferrous products, manufacturing products from 
aluminum, titanium, Inconel, and nimonic grades, for aerospace, 
robotics, and semiconductors. 
We are seeking to leverage our advanced manufacturing capabilities with 
our participation as a strong engineering company in high-technological 
sectors, which have been traditionally dominated by global players. We 
are confident to create a strong impression. 
That's from my side. Over to you, Lalit ji. Thank you. 
Lalit Khetan:  Thank you, Milesh. Now, Dinesh, you can open the house for Q&A. 
Moderator:  Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Pranav Jain from Ageless 
Capital Finance. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Jain:  Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the results. 
Sir, my first question is on the wheel JV. Sir, just to understand the TAM, 
so the other than the 80,000-wheel offtake that we had with the Indian 
[[PAGE 7]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   6 
 
Railways, how do we plan on utilizing the remaining capacity? And just in 
addition to that, the 80,000 wheels that we are supplying, the wagons for 
that will be made by Titagarh, or will be made by the Indian Railway 
production houses themselves? 
Naresh Jalan:  In terms of the wheel, we have an 80,000 confirmed order from the 
Railways, and Railways are going to use these wheels for manufacturing 
of passenger trains, locomotives, and Vande Bharat. So, these are the 
three contracted for these 80,000, so wagon does not come into this. 
Additionally, to that, our JV partners have an obligation of close to around 
25,000 wheels, which takes us the utilization to close to 1,10,000 and for 
the balance wheels, I think these 1,10,000 wheels manufacturing will take 
us till end of FY28. And beyond that, we are already working with our 
export customers and other beyond Europe and North America where we 
see lot of traction in terms of wheel requirements. And we would not like 
to name the customers right now. Very soon, I think we will be able to tell 
our investors in terms of broader wins from the export market in the 
wheels plant. 
Pranav Jain:  Sir, just a follow back to that. Sir, 25,000 from, you're saying with the JV 
partner. Sir, considering the amount of wagon capacity they have, ideally, 
they require more wheels, right? So, what's stopping us from supplying 
more to them? 
Naresh Jalan:  Basically, they can only buy wheels for the private sector wagons, which 
they manufacture. For Indian Railways, supplies are FOC basis, which 
Indian Railway supplies to them in casting. The cast wheels, which are 
manufactured by Indian Railways by themselves in Bangalore are 
basically used for manufacturing wagons and are supplied free of cost to 
the wagon builders for use into manufacturing wagons. 
Pranav Jain:  So, sir, this segment, what is the annual demand when it comes to India 
as a market? 
Naresh Jalan:  I will not be able to comment on that. So, basically, how much is the 
wagon wheel demand, or casting wheel demand, I am not aware. 
[[PAGE 8]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   7 
 
Pranav Jain:  Got it, sir. And, sir, just one last question, sir, on our other businesses of 
forgings and castings. Sir, going forward, we expect utilization to improve 
throughout the next three quarters since we had guided for higher 
utilization by this year end? 
Naresh Jalan:  Yes, I think gradually you will see every quarter, Q-on-Q, there will be 
considerable utilization. I think in the first quarter we have done extremely 
well in terms of our overall utilization and top-line growth. And I think 
similarly you'll see every quarter this is going to get reflected. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhaant Lodaya from 
Sanshi Fund. Please go ahead. 
Siddhaant Lodaya:  Yes. Just wanted to get the timelines on the Rail Wheel project, because 
we said it will commence in first week of May, the trial. And also, on the 
Mexico acquisition that we've done, because in the last call we had 
discussed that this will also start somewhere in May. So, how's that 
panning out? 
Naresh Jalan:  First, in terms of RKTR, Rail Wheel plant, already trial production has 
started, and I think we are expecting to submit samples in the month of 
August, first 300 pieces of wheels to Indian Railways for their testing and 
trial. And post the trials, we will be able to comment on bulk production. 
But with our working right now, we expect bulk production to start, hoping 
to full-fledged supply to Railways for their contractual demand by 
September or October latest from month-on-month basis. 
In terms of our Mexico project, production has started, and I think from 
third quarter you'll see some significant revenues from Mexico. Already 
this quarter, I think close to around Rs. 6 crores revenues have come from 
Mexico in terms of our top-line. But significant revenue is to going to start 
clocking in our books from third quarter of this year onwards. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Jhawar from AK 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 9]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   8 
 
Kaushik Jhawar:  Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, great set of execution. I mean, we 
have been seeing Ramkrishna Forgings for last couple of years. I mean, 
we are going through some pain period. Looks, like, now we are heading 
for a good growth. So, I have two questions, mainly what are the target 
ROCEs for this year and next year, sir? 
Naresh Jalan: Lalit, can you take this one? 
Lalit Khetan:  Yes. So, see, ROCE is just coming back to our old levels. So, this year what 
we are looking at somewhere between 12% to 15% ROCE this we will end, 
and next year in FY28 we will target 20% ROCE. 
Kaushik Jhawar:  Great, great. And secondly, sir, how much of the revenue are we expecting 
from exports market because we are coming from a de-stocking year?  
Naresh Jalan:  So, we are looking at almost 35% revenue on a consol balance sheet 
coming from exports, for a full year basis. 
Kaushik Jhawar:  Little bit quantification, it will be highest revenues till now whatever we 
have seen. 
Naresh Jalan:  It will be highest ever revenue for RKFL in this financial year for ever done 
in terms of exports. 
Kaushik Jhawar:  Okay. That's great. And lastly, I have question that two to three years back 
because of export share were high, you were making 22% margin. Do you 
see that possibility happening in this year? 
Naresh Jalan:  As an entrepreneur, we always see possibility of higher margins. Who 
does not want to earn higher margins? 
Kaushik Jhawar:  Yes, but execution-wise, sir? 
Naresh Jalan:  Execution-wise we are looking at higher exports. Environment is 
challenging in terms of the overall energy prices and other things, shipping 
costs and all these things. So, we would not like to guide the market in 
terms of profitability. What we are looking right now is continued growth 
in terms of balance sheet. And as we have already shown in this quarter, 
we have improved our margin by almost 100 basis points quarter-on-
[[PAGE 10]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   9 
 
quarter. This growth in terms of margin and improvement is going to be a 
continued work, and we are putting all our efforts in the right direction to 
ensure that we are back to our old profit levels. 
Kaushik Jhawar:  Okay, great. Thanks. And lastly, you mentioned that you are venturing into 
aerospace and semiconductor. Can you also throw some light? 
Naresh Jalan:   I think as Milesh has updated that we are already working very aggressive. 
We have already started working on aluminum forging and we have 
started bulk supplies in aluminum forging. So non-ferrous now becomes 
the next lever of growth for RKFL and it is a journey, which we have just 
started. So, I think it is at least 12 months to 18 months before we have a 
significant revenue or product lines from this section. But we are very 
aggressively working on non-ferrous products of aluminum, stainless 
steel, Inconel, and other things for aerospace, semiconductors, and 
robotics. 
We have already started, we would not like come up with customer 
names and other things, but we have already started quoting for lot of 
RFQs from this sector and accordingly we have already planned our 
equipment other things in these directions. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hardik Chheda from Lark. 
Please go ahead. 
Hardik Chheda:  Yes. Sir, my question was little bit in terms of margin only. More than one 
quarter out for the rest of the three to four quarters, could you just guide 
a broad range for where the margin will be for the next full year? 
Naresh Jalan:  No, I think, I would not like to give a range in terms of the margin for the 
full year, but I can only assure you that you will see continued 
improvement in terms of margin every quarter now. Like Lalit in his 
opening statement has already said that we are concentrating on 
sweating the assets right now, and this increase in utilization and plus 
with export product mix moving up, I think you will see much better 
margins. 
[[PAGE 11]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   10 
 
Our intention and our aspiration is to go back to the old margins, which 
we were already achieving. So, I think sooner or later we will touch that 
margin, but I cannot give how many quarters it may take to get to that 
margin. 
Hardik Chheda:  No problem, sir. Got it. And, sir, in terms of margin, what would be the 
factors, which could aid the margins more than what you're targeting or 
what could be the risk factor? Like, if what goes wrong, the margins can 
come down and vice versa? 
Naresh Jalan:  Only risk, which we are looking at is the geopolitical issues, which is 
leading to shipping delays. Because of this shipping delays, there is lot of 
working capital pressure, which may increase, as well as the prices of the 
energy. Energy is one of the biggest ingredients in overall our forging 
setup, may it be for steelmaking or whether it is for forging as such. So, 
energy happens to be one of the biggest cost levers, and with the war if it 
goes escalates and energy prices goes beyond control, I think that is one 
of the major risk, which we are running in terms of our profitability. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from 
Pantomath. Please go ahead. 
Mitul Shah:  Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have broader question on the overall 
based on this last three-four months West Asia crisis, sir? What is our 
experience in terms of the inquiry level or consumer behaviour on that 
side, particularly from the non-US geographies in terms of the 
opportunities, as well as challenges for auto as well as non-auto 
segment, and the inquiry level has gone up significantly or anything? 
Naresh Jalan:  Mitul, I think we are quite optimistic for next seven quarters, means next 
two years, FY27 and FY28. We are confident with the current order book, 
which we have, I think Milesh's statement states very clearly, we are 
flooded and we are very, very in exciting times right now in terms of overall 
demand, in terms of existing products as well as new products, and in 
terms of new RFQ inflows, which will cater to new order book going 
forward. 
[[PAGE 12]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   11 
 
So, we are in pretty exciting times. War is a cost and I think in terms of 
demand, we don't see any deflection in demand. I think we are seeing 
incremental demand coming in and that's actually the biggest challenge, 
which we are facing right now going forward. 
Mitul Shah:  Okay. Great, sir. Second question on this as we all know that commodity 
cost as well as freight cost has gone up significantly in this quarter. So, 
would you like to highlight anything in terms of the quantum or basis point 
where we are not able to pass on the full commodity impact to the 
customer? What is the industry-wide scenario in which are? 
Naresh Jalan:  , I think Mitul, commodity is a pass-on for us with a one quarter lag. So, 
commodity whatever increases happen in steel, steel is the commodity 
for us, which is the major basic raw material. That is a pass-on for us. 
Separate to that, gas and other things, I think that is a cost we will need to 
work with because this is so much fluctuating, I think customers are not 
prepared to go ahead and pay that. 
Shipping cost, it depends. Right now, we are seeing some abnormal cost 
increases but gradually we are hoping also that to stabilize because when 
we started this quarter it had already come down. But this is roller 
coaster. I think we are working with customer how to absorb this cost, but 
we do not have a definite answer for this. 
Mitul Shah:  Yes, sir. Exactly same question I was asking about commodity that 
because of the lag effect, this quarter we were not able to pass on 
completely, right? We would have this benefit with lag reflected in coming 
quarter? 
Naresh Jalan:  Yes, that is steel price. Only steel price. 
Mitul Shah:  Steel commodity, yes, correct. And lastly, sir, on this casting production 
in terms of metric ton has gone up significantly between the quarter. So, 
can you highlight more details on this as well as any update on the cold 
forging side? 
[[PAGE 13]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   12 
 
Naresh Jalan:  Casting production, Mitul, had started last quarter. I think you must have 
seen March press release, stock exchange releases we have sent. The 
casting plant was capitalized last quarter. So that production has started 
coming and still the plant is work-in-progress in terms of overall capacity 
ramp-up, you will see gradual increase in production from casting plant, 
casting capacity over the next three quarters. 
And in terms of cold forging and other things, I think we are working 
diligently in terms of improving the capacity utilization. I think by almost 
third quarter we will be more than 70% capacity utilization in cold forging. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinil Shah from Dalal & 
Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Vinil Shah:  Yes, good evening and congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, my 
first question was related to margin. So, our gross margin has increased 
by 535 basis points Q-on-Q, but our EBITDA margin has grown by 85 basis 
points Q-on-Q. So, if my understanding is correct, even with our volumes 
not growing significantly Q-on-Q, the entire improvement in EBITDA 
margins is purely because of increase in our prices and not any 
operational leverage. So how do we think that this EBITDA margin 
improvement is going to play forward? Like, we cannot be having price 
revisions every quarter, right? 
Naresh Jalan:  No, I think, it is wrong to say that this is only because of price revision. I 
think because of the better product mix and other things, that is the 
reason there is increase. I think that gross margins traditionally it has 
increased, while the EBITDA has not increased mostly because of the 
energy cost, shipping cost, all these costs we have not been able to pass 
on. 
That is one of the major reasons. Otherwise, if this cost whenever it 
stabilizes, you will see significant improvement in EBITDA margin also.  
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from CRIS PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
[[PAGE 14]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   13 
 
Abhishek Jain:  So, sir, first of all, congratulations for the great set of number in a tough 
time. My first question on the export market, we have seen very strong 
numbers Y-on-Y and quarter-on-quarter. So just wanted to understand 
the outlook ahead, basically what is the guidance of export growth for the 
FY27, and how is the improvement in the Class 8 trucks orders in the U.S. 
and improvement in European business? 
Naresh Jalan:  I think, we are looking at one of the best years in terms of the overall export 
revenue in terms of RKFL is concerned, both from geographies of North 
America and Europe. We would not be able to comment on Class 8 truck 
how it is behaving and what exactly it is resulting to, but in terms of RKFL 
order book, and traditionally what we are seeing in terms of our existing 
customers and the new customers, we look at extremely healthy growth 
and maybe it is not wrong to comment that we should have one of the best 
years in terms of our overall export in this financial year. 
Abhishek Jain:  So, as the base of the export is low, so can we expect the 22% to 25% 
growth in export in this year? 
Naresh Jalan:  Yes, we are looking at almost 20% plus growth in terms of exports. 
Abhishek Jain:  Got it, sir. And, sir, in the domestic market, realization has seen a very 
sharp jump in quarter-on-quarter, so is it because of the change in the mix 
in the non-auto segment or higher revenue from the casting business? 
Naresh Jalan:  No, basically, it is a mix of change of revenue from higher mix, because of 
the demand we have been able to improve our utilization, and we have 
been able to choose much better margin products and much better 
realization product. And that is one of the reasons that we have been able 
to have a higher realization in the domestic market. 
Abhishek Jain:  And in the domestic market, what is your guidance for the volume growth 
in this year, sir? 
Naresh Jalan:  I think domestic market continues to be robust and the demand looks to 
be extremely good. And with the rainy season almost I think by September 
[[PAGE 15]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   14 
 
going to be, next half looks to be extremely exciting in terms of the 
domestic demand. 
Abhishek Jain:  Great sir. And sir, if I see the subsidiaries' numbers, so we have seen a 
sharp improvement in the EBITDA margin. Now it has moved to the 21% 
versus 16% in the last quarter. But depreciation cost has increased. So, 
just wanted to understand what is the reason of the sharp margin 
expansion in the subsidiary’s companies, and what is the reason of the 
increase in the depreciation cost? 
Naresh Jalan: Lalit, can you take this question? 
Lalit Khetan:  Yes, sure. So, see, margins are, I will say little bit better, or I will say 
marginally better in the subsidiaries in this quarter than the previous 
quarter. There is no such sharp increase but due to the higher elimination, 
you are seeing this 21% margin, but margins are 50 basis point to 100 
basis point higher than the previous quarter in the subsidiaries. And 
certainly the depreciation is increased due to the capitalization in the Q4 
in the subsidiary also. Whatever the projects we were doing,  has been 
completed. So that's why the depreciation has gone up and it will 
continue at this level in the upcoming period. 
Abhishek Jain:  Got it, got it. And my last question on the aerospace defense segment, so 
just wanted to understand how much the current contribution from this 
business, and what kind of the numbers you are looking from this 
business, and you're also establishing a capacity for the titanium and 
other alloys. So, if you can throw some light over there because that is a 
high-margin business and the ASP would be at a higher side. So, if you can 
throw some light over there? 
Naresh Jalan:  I think we have zero exposure right now to any aerospace activity right 
now. Next, we are already in terms of quoting in RFQs and other things. 
We are looking at in next two years to build up an order book in terms of 
aerospace and semiconductors and robotics and other things. And we 
are already putting and establishing capacities to manufacture Inconel 
and titanium products.  So, it is a work-in-progress. 
[[PAGE 16]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   15 
 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Kumar from Old 
Bridge Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Kumar:  Thank you for the opportunity, sir, and congratulations on a really good 
set of numbers. Sir, I'm sorry I joined the call a bit late, but when we are 
getting into products like titanium and Inconel, do you think there will be 
a good amount of period that will go into approval of these products and 
capability building? And if that is the case, then what should be the 
timeline we should have in our mind that when these products will be 
operationalized and start contributing to the top line? 
Naresh Jalan:  Any meaningful contribution, I think it's at least two years from now. So, I 
think, I replied to the earlier question also, we have zero order book. We 
have started quoting in RFQs, and we have started building parallelly 
capabilities as in work-in-progress in terms of our manufacturing of 
Inconel and other steel. Already, aluminum, we already have in place, and 
we have already started production, we have already gone into bulk 
production in aluminum forgings. 
But in terms of stainless steel and other things, that is work-in-progress. I 
think significant portion of stainless-steel forging will start happening, 
because we have already got some order books from fourth quarter of this 
financial year. But in terms of Inconel and other things, I think it is still 
work-in-progress, and it will take at least eight to 10 quarters from now. 
Aditya Kumar:  Okay, okay. And if we have to build capacities on this front for Inconel and 
titanium, what is the capex that we have in our mind that can go into 
building these capacities? 
Naresh Jalan:  No, right now, we already have capability and capacity, only heating 
arrangements are being made for heating this steel. Other than that, I 
don't think there is any going to be major capex in terms of the current 
RFQs we are handling. There will be no major capex, it may be in the tune 
of Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 15 crores or at the most Rs. 20 crores to get away 
with the capex immediately. When we go into significant portion of the 
business and significant ramping up capacity, then we may need to do 
additional capex. 
[[PAGE 17]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   16 
 
Aditya Kumar:  Okay, okay. One last question, sir, on orders. We have got Rs. 278 crores 
of orders from the auto segment. So, is this all domestic that we have got, 
or what geography we have got this from? 
Naresh Jalan: Milesh? 
Milesh Gandhi:  Out of Rs. 278 crores, this entire business is from domestic, because the 
two-wheeler business of around 18% that I stated is also a domestic 
brand, and the 82% order for the passenger vehicle segment is also for the 
domestic market. 
Aditya:  Okay. And correct me if I'm wrong, is this two-wheeler business, the 
crankshaft business that we are doing from the machining facility that we 
have in our Gurugram business? 
Milesh Gandhi:  Yes. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viral Shah from ENAM 
Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah:  Yes, thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, my first question is would it be 
possible to share the gross and the net debt numbers? 
Lalit Khetan:  So, Viral, we have shared this gross and net debt number last time and we 
have been able to improve upon the net debt by another Rs. 100 crores in 
this quarter. So, last quarter, if you remember INR1,990 crores was the 
net debt, and it is Rs. 1,900 crores of net debt this quarter.  
Viral Shah:  Okay, so this quarter is Rs. 1,900 crores. And how are you looking at this 
number, sir, by the end of the year? 
Naresh Jalan:  Lalit, you can answer it. 
Lalit Khetan:  Yes, we have already guided in our last call, we will reduce at least Rs. 500 
crore of leverage in this financial year and we are on track of that. 
Viral Shah:  Okay. So, by the end of the year, we should be down to Rs. 1,500 crores of 
net debt? 
[[PAGE 18]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   17 
 
Lalit Khetan:  Yes. 
Viral Shah:  Sir, secondly just related, sir, what will be the capex outflow this year, as 
well as the capex outflow, as well as the investment towards Rail JV? 
Lalit Khetan:  Investment towards Rail JV, the first phase is almost complete, another 
Rs. 20 crores to Rs. 30 crores from our side will go, and total guidance for 
the capex in this year is somewhere around Rs. 350 crores. 
Viral Shah:  Rs. 350 crores. Okay, perfect. Thank you. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kumar Saurabh from 
Scientific Investing. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Saurabh:  Congratulations on great set of numbers, sir. I think the rate at, which we 
are growing, and I think you told in the last quarter also, we'll be hitting 
80% utilization by FY27 end. My question is, is that the peak utilization? 
And if that is so, then after this, sir, what is our next capex plan for further 
growth since we'll reach peak in one, 1.5 years? 
Naresh Jalan:  No, I think we are looking at lot of activities right now. We have already 
explained in the opening statement, and Milesh has already categorically 
explained that we are looking at already working with customers in 
aerospace and other verticals. And our entire plan is to ramp up our fresh 
manufacturing, or new augmentation of any capacities, which we think of 
is going to be into these verticals. And we will only announce any major 
capex by end of FY28 when we have a clear visibility in terms of order book 
and approvals in place in these verticals. And I think till then we can do 
away with small capex, and I think we are good to go for next two years of 
significant growth path with the current capex we have already done. 
Kumar Saurabh:  Got it, sir. Then the debt reduction should continue in FY28 also should 
be less, I mean, FY27 you said Rs. 1,500 crores, so maybe Rs. 1,000 crores 
of net debt should be expected by FY28? 
Naresh Jalan:  I think, debt reduction, leverage reduction, I think in the opening 
statement also Lalit has very clearly said our company's endeavor is to 
continue to have the reduction in leverage in terms of our overall debt 
[[PAGE 19]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   18 
 
exposure while company continues to grow. So, I think we are not looking 
at a zero-debt company, but we would like to keep debt into a significant 
check in terms of our overall leverage and continue to grow the company. 
Kumar Saurabh:  Great, sir. And last question, sir, our gross margins were great, but as you 
said because of energy and transportation fuel cost, little bit of margin hit 
had happened. So how things are progressing in Q2 so far, do you see any 
improvement there in the market conditions? 
Naresh Jalan:  No, I think we have not seen any improvement in terms of market 
conditions. You are well-aware of the current geopolitical issues and 
unless this geopolitical issue has some conclusion, I don't think we are 
going to see moderate energy prices or shipping cost. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayesh Gandhi from 
Harshad and Gandhi Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jayesh Gandhi:  Most of my questions have been answered. Only one question is with the 
net block that we have currently, what kind of sales can we generate if say 
we are doing, I mean, if we are working at 100% capacity? 
Naresh Jalan:  Lalit, can you answer this question? 
Lalit Khetan:  I could not get the question. Can you repeat the question? 
Jayesh Gandhi:  Sir, with the net block that we have currently, closer to Rs. 3,700 crores, 
what is the sales at 100% capacity that we can do, generate in this this 
kind of net block? 
Lalit Khetan:  So, the kind of, net block right now we are having, a little bit of net block is 
under capitalization of casting, all we can certainly looking at asset turn 
of 2.5 on this. So, if you look at asset turn of 2.5, it will be somewhere 
around Rs. 9,000 crores of sales on this if we have a 100% capacity 
utilization. 
Naresh Jalan: But I think it is very difficult to have 100% capacity utilization. It is safe to 
say that we will have almost 75% to 80% of capacity utilization before 
needing our next capex. 
[[PAGE 20]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   19 
 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Geetarth Tandon from 
Green Portfolio. Please go ahead. 
Geetarth Tandon:  Sir, my first question is any plans to avoid the one quarter lag that you see 
in the steel prices? Basically, the purpose is to, if you plan to hedge the 
prices quickly, and if you avoid passing on to next quarter, that would be 
helpful in increasing margin for the continuous quarter’s basis? 
Naresh Jalan:  No, steel price cannot be hedged. Steel price, I think there is no hedging 
system for steel price. Alloy steel price is bought on spot quarter-on-
quarter. Every quarter there is a price, which the steelmakers declare and 
based on that that is bought. It means, basically there is no hedging policy 
in terms of steel price. 
Geetarth Tandon:  Okay, got it. And sir, ring rolling capacity is already at 127% utilization. So, 
any plans to add that? 
Naresh Jalan:  No, we have no plans to add any capacity. We are looking at almost peak 
utilization continuing at least for next two to three years because of the 
current order book. 
Geetarth Tandon:  Sure, got it. And, sir, just wanted to understand, like, if you plan to add any 
further capacity, so what are the factors based on which you add? 
Because you are adding a pressing line at 60% current utilization and the 
pressing line is going to increase. So, based on the current utilization 
would be reduced. So, overall, just wanted to understand what are the 
factors based on which you decide? 
Naresh Jalan:  Basically, we decide based on the order book and customer confirmation, 
which we have. In terms of utilization, I think the press line, which we 
evolved to put does not happen overnight or over one quarter. It takes at 
least four to five quarters from now for the capacity to be in place by when 
we will be almost around 80% utilization in terms of the press capacity. 
Moderator:  The next question is from Bharat C. Shah from BCS Capital Ideas Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 21]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   20 
 
Bharat C. Shah:  Yes, Naresh ji, namaskar. This is Bharat speaking. One of the most 
important things that I felt in this quarter, or rather this year has been 
improvement in the working capital. So clearly Lalit ji, what you were 
saying, that seems to be now finally falling in place. So, operational cash 
flow after working capital at about Rs. 840 crores last year and probably 
is highest in the history of the company. And just wanted to understand 
how do you visualize things ahead? 
Lalit Khetan:  So, Bharat bhai, see, certainly the focus is on further improving the 
working capital days, because in this quarter there was a little bit 
elevation due to this West Asia crisis, shipping cost or transit time. But 
with the time it will further  improve and certainly this journey to improve 
the working capital days in overall working capital, it will continue and our 
focus will be to further optimize the same. I will not give any target to that, 
but certainly we will keep on working on that. 
Bharat C. Shah:  No, improvement, Lalit ji is a forever exercise. Improvement, learning is a 
forever exercise. But if there is a tangibility to that, then there is a purpose, 
and then there is a greater way to measure it and greater way to achieve it 
actually. So, some kind of target in terms of how much improvement in 
working capital we are seeking to achieve would give a little bit more 
clarity? 
Lalit Khetan:  Bharat bhai, coming to specifics, certainly we will take baby steps. We 
have internal targets certainly. As we have set the target to improve debtor 
days by at least five to 10 days, inventory days by another five days, and 
increase the creditors' days by another 10 days. So, all together it will be 
certainly 15 days to 20 days of improvement. If this has to happen, this 
cannot happen in one or two quarters. It may take one year and everything 
remaining static, or it may take little bit more. So, we have to keep on 
working towards that. 
Bharat C. Shah:  So, you are saying that in this year, 12 days to 15 days, next year also 12 
days to 15 days? 
Lalit Khetan:  You should plan for 10-day for each year , Bharat bhai; if you want to do it 
that way, you should take 10 days this year and 10 days next year. 
[[PAGE 22]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   21 
 
Bharat C. Shah:  Okay. Naresh ji, earlier we were very confident and hoping for turnover of 
close to Rs. 8,000 crores by the fiscal '28. Now in between lot of this tariff 
upheaval occurred, there were internal upheavals, and finally I think 
hopefully all those things are behind us. Now, when do you think we 
should be hitting that target of Rs. 8,000 crores? 
Naresh Jalan:   I think Bharat bhai, with all what has happened in past, I think we are one-
year delayed. I think with last year's performance and now continuing 
improving on that performance, I think we have got delayed by one-year 
and I think we are on track right now with FY29 target as Rs. 8,000 crores. 
Bharat C. Shah:  Okay. Which means roughly 25% compounded growth from the last year 
turnover? 
Naresh Jalan:  Yes. 
Bharat C. Shah:  Because last year it was Rs. R4,200 crores, so Rs. 8,000 crores means 
24% to 25% growth. 
Naresh Jalan:  Yes. Around 22% to 25% CAGR we will have for next three years. 
Bharat C. Shah:  And Naresh ji, this time clearly when we get bitten once, we become twice 
shy. But I suppose there is a large opportunity, we have strength and 
capability, we have product portfolio, we have client relationships and 
there is improving market. So would you say that probably the best phase 
of Ramkrishna Forging hopefully should begin now, given also the fact, 
although internal upheavals also would have taken some energy for us to 
get over. And, therefore, if all of this is behind, mentally we are more 
resilient and overall opportunity has become better outside, and we are 
better prepared, would you say probably this is the upcoming the most 
interesting period for Ramkrishna? 
Naresh Jalan:  Bharat bhai, I think, I can confidently tell you, best period for RKFL has just 
started and I think in coming quarters, coming year, you will see much 
more traction in terms of growth, in terms of improvement in balance 
sheet. 
[[PAGE 23]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   22 
 
I would not like to comment on profitability other things, but I can tell you 
one thing very confidently that every quarter you will find significant 
improvement in the overall balance sheet of the company and overall 
parameters, which you measure each and every parameter of working 
capital or utilization or inventory days, everything you will find significant 
improvement in coming days and quarters. 
I think for next three-four years we are extremely confident the visibility 
what we have that RKFL will be one of the best performers in terms of 
overall demand side absorption and creating a new brand for itself in 
these coming years. 
Bharat C. Shah:  Sure. But if I have to be… 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Bharat Shah. May we request you to return to the 
question queue for any follow-up question? 
Bharat C. Shah:  No, I just need to complete this question. If I have to express any bit of 
skepticism about it, given the fact that we've gone through challenges, 
what are the factors Naresh ji now you believe gives us far greater 
confidence about our destiny than, say, what was the case one year back, 
1.5 years back? 
Naresh Jalan:  So, right now Bharat bhai working in terms of passenger vehicle, oil and 
gas, and nonautomotive sector like earthmoving equipment’s are giving 
us extreme confidence and we are looking at tangible growth, which really 
shows company in the non-auto sector growth or non-CV growth, and the 
kind of order book, which we have been able to make over last couple of 
quarters in terms of our passenger vehicle, I think next two years are going 
to be exceptionally exciting in terms of our PV growth, and this is going to 
be the next lever wherein there is going to be transformation in overall 
RKFL. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from 
Marcellus Advisors.  
[[PAGE 24]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   23 
 
Harsh Shah:  Yes, congratulations sir on the great set of numbers. I just have one 
confusion, sir. So, all you know, everything railway-related opportunity is 
catered through the JV, right? 
Naresh Jalan:  No, no, no, I think you're wrong. JV is only for manufacturing of wheels. It 
is doing nothing else except manufacturing of wheels. Rest, railway, 
everything is isolated standalone RKFL. RKFL has its own significant order 
books for railways, which we are working and continuously growing. 
Wheels JV is only going to be part and parcel of manufacturing wheels, 
nothing else. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinil Shah from Dalal & 
Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Vinil Shah:  Yes, sir, actually I would like a more insight into the export growth that you 
are anticipating. So, could you just give us a color of what segment, or 
what kind of customer base we are getting there, because you're not 
commenting on the Class 8 truck growth, but could you just give us a color 
of how the growth is coming from the export market? 
Naresh Jalan:  So, I think, I would not be able to comment in terms of the customer’s 
name or brand of the customer. Basically, you can very well see in our 
presentation also, in Europe and North America both the places we are 
growing. And new order wins from the existing customers, as well as new 
order wins from the new customers, both are giving a very big jump into 
the next year or coming quarters in terms of our overall intake in terms of 
the order book. So, we are very confident in terms of our export demand 
and deliverables. 
Vinil Shah:  Okay, sir. And, sir, in the domestic product mix that you said that it has 
improved, could you give us a color about that as well, in what segment 
are we getting a higher margin that our product mix has been better? 
Naresh Jalan:  No, I think in terms of margins I would not like to comment on individual 
sectors or individual places. I think overall company margins have been 
shown. We don't earmark any particular sector in terms of margins. 
[[PAGE 25]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   24 
 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket from Sagari Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket:  Yes. So, sir, one quick question regarding the order book. So, I think we 
have got around Rs. 228 crores from PV. So, within this, what percentage 
would be electric vehicle because last time I think almost the entire 
exports PV was towards the electric vehicle if I recall. So, any color on this, 
sir, any EV portion in this passenger vehicle? 
Naresh Jalan: Milesh, can you reply?  
Milesh Gandhi:  This order, which we have announced, this is not from a PV, sorry, this is 
completely from the EV, but that is from the domestic side EV, this brand 
is within the Indian market and actually our requirement is for the 
domestic manufacturers. 
Saket:  Yes. So just to be clear, sir, now that you've clarified this, so our entire 
passenger vehicle order book be it domestic or exports, everything is 
geared towards electric vehicle, is that a fair statement? 
Milesh Gandhi:  No, that is not a fair statement. We have both the sides. We are also there 
serving customers who are into the ICE side, and we are also serving 
customers who are in the EV. 
Saket:  So, what would be the breakup, sir, ICE versus EV within the order book? 
Milesh Gandhi:  In our passenger vehicle segment, I would say around 50%-50%, we are 
serving both the things. 
Saket:  And within exports almost 100% is EV, is that a fair statement? 
Milesh Gandhi:  Currently whatever you would have been seeing sales has been more to 
the EV, but our bulk supplies to the ICE side also starts, and I think we 
have a fair acquisition within the 50%-50% range whatever I stated, you 
will be finding similar numbers coming in the future. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Gupta from CAVI 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 26]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   25 
 
Karan Gupta:  Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question, sir, if you could comment 
on the realizations in the casting division, which have come off quarter-
on-quarter. What is the reasoning behind that, and how do you see these 
going forward? That's it from my side. 
Naresh Jalan:  No, this is one-off, I think because of the new capacity, which has come 
up, just to have some utilization improvement, we have done some 
components, which did not give us the exact right realization. I think with 
coming quarter, you will be able to see the realization back, or more than 
what we had reported previously. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Geetarth 
Tandon from Green Portfolio. Please go ahead. 
Geetarth Tandon:  I was asking, can we sustain this 54% of gross margin we booked in this 
quarter for going forward, or are we looking to go back to the 50-odd 
percent we were doing before? 
Naresh Jalan:  No, I think this margin is sustainable margin and you will see improvement 
on it going forward. 
Geetarth Tandon:  So, any further gas problem sorted? 
Naresh Jalan:  I think, already the energy price is at peak when we have this balance 
sheet in place. So, obviously, I think, God forbid we don't see the energy 
prices crossing those levels again. 
Geetarth Tandon:  Got it. So, any improvement in energy prices, we would be seeing increase 
in margins to a certain leverage will be kicking in. Got it. Sure, thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Bharat C. Shah 
from BCS Capital Ideas Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bharat C. Shah:  Lalit ji, while clearly in the first quarter margins have improved by about 
little less than 1%, compared to last quarter. But I would have thought that 
rupee depreciation should have helped us, plus gross margin having 
improved significantly, really the improvement in operating margin has 
come from internal working and operating leverage and productivity 
[[PAGE 27]]
  
 
 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript   26 
 
gains, or it is simply due to mathematics of the rupee depreciation and 
stuff like that and gross margin improvement? 
Naresh Jalan:  Bharat bhai, rupee depreciation is entirely passed on. I think currency gain 
is for us every quarter we have to pass on, all our contracts are currency 
pass-on basically. So, we don't get any significant benefit on the currency, 
either depreciation or appreciation, we are not affected. So, both the 
sides, we don't run a risk of currency. 
Bharat C. Shah: And this is true for all contracts? 
Naresh Jalan: Basically, yes, that is true for all contracts for RKFL. I don't know for other 
companies, for RKFL, currency is pass-on every quarter. 
Bharat C. Shah: Okay. This was not I was aware of. Thank you. 
Lalit Khetan:  Currency depreciation in the quarter was only 1% to 1.5%. 
Bharat C. Shah:  Yes, but our margin also increased by only 1%. 
Lalit Khetan:  Yes. 
Bharat C. Shah: It’s only on a part of the business, exports being just the part. Okay. No, I 
got it. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we take that as 
the last question. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Rajesh Mundhra:  Thank you. I would like to thank all of you for taking the time and joining 
our earnings call. We hope we have answered all your queries to your 
satisfaction. Would like to further inform that you can get in touch with us 
or CDR if you have further information, which required from us. We look 
forward to interacting with you next quarter. Thank you very much for 
joining the call. Thanks very much. 
Moderator:  On behalf of 360 ONE Capital Market Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
