[[PAGE 1]]
 
REGISTERED & CORPORATE OFFICE 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
23 CIRCUS AVENUE, KOLKATA 700017, WEST BENGAL, INDIA 
PHONE: (+91 33)4082 0900 / 7122 0900, FAX: (+91 33)4082 0998 / 7122 0998, EMAIL: info@ramkrishnaforgings.com, WEB: www.ramkrishnaforgings.com 
Date: May 11, 2026  
 
 To  
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 532527  
To  
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai- 400 051  
 
NSE SYMBOL: RKFORGE  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Earnings Call Transcript – Q4 & FY’26  
This is further to our intimation dated April 22, 2026, with respect to Earnings Conference call 
with Analysts/Investors on the Audited Financial Results  of the Company  for the quarter 
and financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript held with Analysts/Investors on Monday, May 04, 2026, at 16:00 
Hours (I.S.T).  
 
This intimation is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.ramkrishnaforgings.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
      
 
 
 
Rajesh Mundhra  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(ACS 12991) 
 
Encl.: As above 
 

[[PAGE 2]]
 
Page 1 
 
 
 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
Q4 & FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 04, 2026 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
• Mr. Naresh Jalan – Managing Director  
• Mr. Chaitanya Jalan – Whole-time Director  
• Mr. Lalit Khetan – Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer  
• Mr. Milesh Gandhi – Whole-Time Director  
• Mr. Rajesh Mundhra – Vice President-Finance and Company Secretary  
 
Moderator: Mr. Annamalai Jayaraj – 360 One Capital Market Private Limited 
 
External Participants: 
• Annamalai Jayaraj – 360 One Capital Market Private Limited 
• Balasubramanian – Arihant Capital 
• Aditya Kumar – Old Bridge Mutual Fund 
• Ayush Goyal – CAVI Capital 
• Kiran Naik – Mody Fincap 
• Darshil Jhaveri – Crown Capital 
• Sunny Gosar – MK Ventures 
• Kumar Saurabh – Scientific Investing 
• Vinil Shah – Dalal & Broacha 
• Saket Saurabh – Sagari Capital 
• Kiran Garge – Knightstone Capital Management LLP 
• Kunal Bhatia – Dalal and Broacha 
• Kushal – Asian Broking 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 2 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ramkrishna 
Forgings Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by 360 ONE 
Capital Market Private Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing st ar then zero on your touchtone 
phone. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Annamalai Jayaraj from 360 ONE 
Capital Market Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: Thank you. Welcome all the participants on behalf of 360 ONE Capital 
Market for Ramkrishna Forgings Limited Q4 FY26 and FY26 post -results 
conference call.  
From the management, we have with us today, Mr. Naresh Jalan, 
Managing Director; Mr. Chaitanya Jalan, Whole -Time Director; Mr. Lalit 
Khetan, Whole-Time Director and CFO; Mr. Milesh Gandhi, Whole -Time 
Director; and Mr. Rajesh Mundra, Vice President Finance and Company 
Secretary.  
I will now hand over the call to the management for opening remarks to be 
followed by the question-and-answer session. Over to you, sir. 
Lalit Khetan:  Thank you, Jayaraj. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us 
on this call to discuss the Q4 FY26 earnings. I trust all of you have had a 
chance to review the earnings document that we have shared with you.  
In Q4 FY26, the global macroeconomic environment turned incrementally 
more challenging, although conditions continue to vary significantly 
across regions and sectors. While the quarter commenced on a relatively 
stable footing, carrying forward momentum from the prior period, the 
outbreak of conflict in Middle East adversely impacted operating 
conditions towards the latter part of the quarter. As a result, the energy 
price volatility, persistent inflationary pressures, and renewed supply 
chain disruptions created uncertainty for a certain business environment. 
 In contrast, the domestic macroeconomic environment remained 
relatively favourable. India continued to stand out as one of the fastest -
growing major economies, supported by resilient consumption, 
sustained government capex, infrastructure activity, and improving 
manufacturing momentum.  
[[PAGE 4]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 3 
 
Against this backdrop, we are pleased to report an improved performance 
in the fourth quarter, enabling us to end FY26 on a strong note. Volumes 
in domestic market have been strong.  
Following the GST rate rationalization in September, there has been 
sustained momentum in domestic auto industry in India. This resulted in 
sustained momentum in wholesale volumes with all segments such as 
M&HCV, tractors, PVs reporting double-digit growth in the fourth quarter.  
As we had indicated, the Railway business has been a strong pillar of 
growth. We have taken steps to deepen our footprint and enhance 
capabilities in this segment in recent years. These are now paying 
dividends as the share of business from railways grown to 7.5% of revenue 
in this year against 4.6% a year ago.  
Now let me share some financial highlights for the quarter. We reported 
consolidated revenues of Rs. 1,216.78 crores, that is higher by 28% on 
year-on-year basis compared to Rs. 947.21 crores in Q4 FY25. On a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, revenue was higher by 11% compared to  
Rs. 1,098.52 crores in Q3 FY26.  Strong performance in domestic market 
supported by resilient performance in international market helped us to 
deliver solid top-line growth on a year-on-year basis as well as on Q-on-Q 
basis. 
 EBITDA excluding other income is Rs. 208.19 crores in Q4, higher by 111% 
year-on-year compared to EBITDA of Rs. 98.5 crores in Q4 FY25. On Q-on-
Q basis, EBITDA was higher by 27% compared to Rs. 163.37 crores in Q3 
FY26. The margin improved to 17.1%, higher by almost 2 20 basis points 
quarter-on-quarter. 
 Profit before tax is Rs. 64.33 crores in Q4 FY '26 compared to Rs. 29.69 
crores in Q3 FY 26, reflecting a 117% quarter -on-quarter growth. Profit in 
the consolidated accounts has been impacted by around Rs. 10.4 crores 
due to elimination of profit of Rs. 5.9 crores from the subsidiaries and loss 
of Rs. 4.5 crores from the Mexico subsidiary. Otherwise, the net profit 
could have been much higher on the consolidated basis. 
 On the full-year numbers, we reported consolidated revenue of Rs. 4,238 
crores for the full year FY '26, that is higher by 5% on year -on-year basis 
compared to Rs. 4,034 crores in FY '25. EBITDA stood at Rs. 642.70 crores 
for FY '26, that is higher by 15% year -on-year compared to Rs. 559.56 
crores in FY '25. 
[[PAGE 5]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 4 
 
 Profit before tax is Rs. 112.58 crores in FY 26 compared to Rs. 148.79 
crores excluding exceptional item in FY 25, that is lower by 24% year -on-
year.  
Additionally, our rail wheel joint venture remains on track with 
commencement of production anticipated by Q1 FY27. With these growth 
levers firmly in place, we are confident that from the next quarter 
onwards, we will return to further improved operating trajectory and look 
to sustain the momentum throughout FY27. 
 With that, I would like to hand over the proceedings to Mr. Milesh Gandhi, 
Whole-Time Director. Thank you. Over to Milesh. 
Milesh Gandhi: Thank you. During the Q4, the Company secured new orders worth Rs. 
594 crores for the program life of four years. 56% of these orders were 
from Automotive segment and balance 44% were from the Non-
Automotive segment, reflecting continued progress in Company's 
diversification strategy. 
 Out of the Rs. 594 crores, Rs. 334 crores came in the Auto sector, of which 
Rs. 323 crores came from the CV sector and Rs. 11 crores came from the 
EV sector. And in the Non-Auto sector, Rs. 258 crores came from the 
energy segment itself and Rs. 2 crores from the off -highway. That's from 
my side. Thank you. 
Lalit Khetan: Thank you, Milesh. So over to Jayaraj. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: Operator, you can go for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer 
session. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: Before somebody joins from the question queue, sir, how is the demand 
shaping in US market, sir? I was asking how is Class 8 volumes picking up 
in the recent times? 
Naresh Jalan: I think Class 8 trucks are very, very strong right now. I think since last 3 
months, we are seeing destocking happening in our warehouses in North 
America. And I think we are looking at fresh revenues coming in from this 
quarter onwards from North America Class 8 trucks in significant manner. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: And you expect this to sustain for some time, sir, at least a year or two? 
Naresh Jalan: I think at least for 2 years. For calendar year, it is good to say that it's going 
to stay till third quarter of calendar year '27. 
[[PAGE 6]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 5 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We have first question from Balasubramanian from Arihant 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, on the 
wheel set plant, mentioned it will be commencing from Q1 FY '27 
onwards. Whether we have submitted 300 trial wheels and for the 
approval? And from Q1 onwards, what kind of run rate we c an expect 
quarter-on-quarter basis in terms of volume? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I think 300 wheels we are supposed to submit in the month of June or 
July. I think when Lalit said we are going to commence production, it 
means we are starting the plant, I think probably by end of May or June, 
wherein we'll start manufacturing wheels and commercial production will 
start immediately. 
 So,  we don't need to wait for 300 wheels to get approved. Once these 300 
wheels are supplied, we can continue supply. This year, we are looking at 
supplying almost 40,000 wheels from that plant to the Indian Railways. 
Balasubramanian: So, this will start from the coming financial year onwards, right, sir? The 
40,000 wheels will reflect FY '27 onwards? 
Naresh Jalan: FY '27 onwards. 
Balasubramanian: Okay, sir. What kind of utilization level we can expect, sir, out of 2 lakhs? 
So, the 40,000 will be delivered in this financial year itself, right? 
Naresh Jalan: Yes, 40,000 will be delivered in this financial year. 
Balasubramanian: So, I think then it will solve the whole industry problem. Is it the right way 
to understand, sir? 
Naresh Jalan: I don't know about the industry problem. I think as per our contractual 
obligation, we are supposed to supply 40,000 wheels. We are gearing up 
to supplying 40,000 wheels in this year. 
Balasubramanian: Okay, sir. Sir, on the diversification side, I think we are targeting 10% plus 
kind of revenue from PV in the next 2 years. Also trying to be a primary 
supplier for EV, CV makers and aerospace alloys trials also we can. Trying 
to understand like what kind of specific defense or aerospace contracts 
we are focusing on and what kind of contracts we are focusing to get post 
aluminium forging commissioning side? 
Naresh Jalan: No, already I think post commissioning of alumin ium forgings, we have 
already started bulk supplies to EV suppliers, EV equipment 
manufacturers globally in terms of the needs of alumin ium forgings. And 
[[PAGE 7]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 6 
 
we are also developing few more alumin ium forgings from that facility to 
supply to these CV manufacturers globally.  
And in terms of other alloys, we are looking at getting into aerospace. We 
are exploring opportunities to set up a capacity to manufacture titanium 
and other stainless-steel products. So, we are bidding for several 
opportunities within domestic market as well as global market. But right 
now, we don't have any contract per se to basically have any realistic 
numbers to this . We are already in talks with several OEMs globally and 
within India to buy higher alloy material basically for aerospace activity. 
Balasubramanian: Yes, sir. Sir, on the capacity utilization side, the forging utilization, it's 
mentioned nearly 70% in Q4. But if you look at last year Q4, it's 83%. But 
if you look at cold forging, the capacity utilization is almost 40% kind of 
range. Like if you could share how we are going to ramp up to 80% to 85% 
kind of range by FY27? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I think vis-à-vis last year when you compare, you have to also take in 
account the capacity of 8,000 ton pressline and other addition in terms of 
overall forging capacity which we have had. And basically, this capacity 
utilization is going to happen from order book already in place. We are very 
hopeful that this year we will have a much better utilization vis -à-vis the 
last quarter.  
And in terms of cold forging, we are at 40% because approvals in cold 
forging is mainly to the passenger vehicle sector. And this is taking more 
time in the global market to get approvals in place. As and when approval 
gets in place, utilization will impro ve. And to be putting a timeline to it, I 
think we are not able to do that. But we are pretty hopeful by this year-end, 
we should be having close to around 75% to 80% utilization from cold 
forging also. 
Balasubramanian: Got it, Sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you so much for the detailed 
explanations. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Kumar from Old 
Bridge Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Kumar: Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers, sir. Sir, my first question is on the presentation that you have 
shared. So, it has been showcased that Rs. 1,550 crores of new orders will 
be executed in FY27. So, does that include castings also or is it only 
forgings stand-alone business that it is showing? 
Naresh Jalan: No, it is consolidated  - forging and casting together. 
[[PAGE 8]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 7 
 
Aditya Kumar: Okay. So how much of that, so how much castings volumes are we 
expecting this year because we are sitting on significant capacities of 
78,000 tons and earlier also, we have indicated that we have an order 
book for that. So how much are we expecting this year? 
Naresh Jalan: We are looking at almost 85% to 90% utilization in casting over the 
quarters, in coming quarters in this year. 
Aditya Kumar: 80% to 90%. So close to around I would say 65,000 to 70,000? 
Naresh Jalan: Close to full utilization, I think. Very safe to say that close to full utilization 
this year. 
Aditya Kumar: Okay. So that's great to hear. So that's basically around if I take that 
number, then that's basically around incremental Rs. 900 crores of 
revenue from castings? 
Naresh Jalan: I will not put a number to it, but we are safely looking at almost 85% to 
90% utilization in the full -year basis. But it may not come in the first 
quarter itself, but gradually over next two quarters because samples, 
approvals and other things are taking some time. So, we are looking at by 
first half almost to reach there. 
Aditya Kumar: Sure, sure. So, I came to that number because of the realizations that has 
been shared on the presentation. I came to that number on that basis. So, 
what kind of margins can we expect here, sir? 
Naresh Jalan: No, for margins for castings? 
Aditya Kumar: Yes. 
Naresh Jalan: For castings, I think Lalit,  you will be able to tell better, Lalit. 
Lalit Khetan: Margins in the casting will be somewhere around 15% to 16%, Aditya. And 
in terms of what you were asking in terms of top -line growth, see 62,000 
tons is the capacity and we have already produced 26,000 for the last 
year. But that's the production. In term s of sales, sales is always lower 
due to the machining mix. And we expect another Rs. 400 to Rs. 500 crores 
of revenue for the full year from the casting business on that account. 
Aditya Kumar: And , on the cash flow part, so what kind of capex are we looking at this 
year and what is the debt target, net debt target for FY27? Because I feel 
most of the investments have been done now and with good business 
outlook going ahead, we should be looking at debt reduction if you can 
help us understand that. 
[[PAGE 9]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 8 
 
Lalit Khetan: Certainly, we are looking at a quite significant debt reduction in this year 
on the back of promoter funding and good performance. All this, so we are 
looking to reduce the debt by at least Rs. 400 to Rs. 500 crores in this year. 
Aditya Kumar: Okay, And one bookkeeping question, sir. So as mentioned in the 
presentation, there is some casting business sitting in the standalone 
business and some sitting  in the consol part or the subsidiary. So out of 
the 16,600 tons that we have sold this year, how much of that would be in 
the standalone if you can help me on that? 
Lalit Khetan: So standalone business commenced just on 31st March commercial 
production. So, nil from the standalone on FY26. 
Aditya Kumar: Okay, Got it. And just one last question, sir. This is on the other business. 
So, we also started one trailer axle business a few years back. If you can 
help us, give us some update like what kind of revenues have, we clocked 
from that trailer axle business in FY26 and what's the progression there 
and what kind of market share and target we are looking for in FY27? 
Naresh Jalan:  So, I think in trailer axle, we roughly had an around Rs. 120 crores 
business from there in last year. Roughly,  exact figures I don't have right 
now.  At a market share, I think we are at about 4% or 5% market share. In 
two years, we have been able to make good amount of inroads and 
satisfaction and this being a first B2C business for us. I think we are pretty 
satisfied with the performance of getting int o around 4% to 5% market 
share. And I think this year, we are looking at almost doubling this 
business to Rs. 250 crores and to a market share of about 10%. 
Moderator: We have next question from Ayush Goyal from CAVI Capital. 
Ayush Goyal: So, my first question was regarding the presentation. Like in this quarter's 
presentation, the order that has split over the next 4 years for financial 
year 2027 is Rs. 1,550 crores. And in the last presentation, it was Rs. 2,200 
crores. So, like there's a Rs. 600 crores reduction. So, have any of the 
orders been revoked or something? 
Lalit Khetan: No, no. So, Ayush, how it works. So, it was incremental order. So last 
presentation what you see for that was incremental order for FY26 which 
has gone. So residual order has come here in FY27. 
Ayush Goyal: Okay. So basically, the order was executed earlier than expected? 
Lalit Khetan: No, no. I mean, so see what you are looking at FY28, again it is Rs. 2,800 
crores, but Rs. 1,100 crores incremental over FY27. You understand that? 
So, there was some adjustment every year. I hope you understand. 
[[PAGE 10]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 9 
 
Ayush Goyal: Okay. Yes, got it, sir. And like with the new added capacity in the Press 
segment, how do we expect the utilization to improve going forward? Like 
quarter-on-quarter, what percentage can we expect? 
Naresh Jalan: No, on a full -year basis, I think it is not right for us to say quarter -on-
quarter. It's very difficult because of the approvals and other things. But it 
is safe for us and better for us to say that by this year -end, this financial 
year-end FY27, we are looking at almost 85% utilization in our press plant. 
Ayush Goyal: Okay, that's great. And one last question I had. Like with the rising 
commodity prices, what effect does it have on our P&L? Like when we 
book an order, so we take an order on the spot price, right? 
Naresh Jalan: No,  as earlier also expressed, all our pricing is based on pass -ons. So, I 
think with a quarter lag, we pass on all the price increases of 
commodities. Basically, mainly for commodity for us is steel. Steel is 
pass-on for us every quarter. 
Ayush Goyal: So largely our margins will be not affected by this? 
Naresh Jalan: No. Other commodities like consumables like gas and other things are 
basically which affects our bottom line. So, that is on a yearly basis we are 
discussing with customers, and I think most of our customers agree with 
the current scenario because of this geopolitical issue. And we are 
expecting compensation on account of all these geopolitical issues in 
terms of price increases to come to us soon. 
Ayush Goyal: Okay. Thank you so much, Sir. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Kiran Naik from Mody Fincap. Please 
go ahead. 
Kiran Naik: Thank you for giving me an opportunity, sir. Sir, can you give me a rough 
idea what will be the revenue growth in FY27? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I think we will not be able to give any number to FY27. But with the 
current order book and with the current capacities in place, we are looking 
at continued growth trajectory, and we are looking at a healthy growth in 
FY27. 
Kiran Naik: Okay. And EBITDA margin for '27? 
Naresh Jalan: It will continue to, I think with what if you have seen quarter -on-quarter 
200 basis points we have improved in terms of our EBITDA margins. And I 
think with the current scenarios in place, we are looking for healthy growth 
in both our top line and the bottom line of the company. 
[[PAGE 11]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 10 
 
Kiran Naik: Okay, thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello, good evening, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question, sir. 
Firstly, congratulations on the great set of results, sir. Sir, just wanted to, 
like, confirm like in terms of casting when we are saying we'll be at near 
full utilization. So, did I hear correctly, sir, we could do nearly Rs. 900 
crores of additional revenue from that, sir? 
Naresh Jalan: No, no, we have not put any number to it. I think Lalit has clarified out of 
the 70,000 odd tons of casting capacity, already current utilization we are 
getting a significant revenue. Additional casting capacity which has come 
in the by end of March, this is goin g to create a at the current commodity 
levels,  Rs. 400 to Rs. 500 crores revenue in the coming years. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. So, the new March capacity would be around Rs. 400 crores - Rs. 
500 crores. And sir, sorry but I'm a bit new to the company. So, when we 
talk about the wheel sets, so we are expecting to do around 40,000 wheel 
sets. So, what are the unit economics of it? Like is this on a similar margin 
that our company does on a consolidated level and also in terms of what 
is the selling price? So, could you help me with that, sir? 
Naresh Jalan: I cannot give you the selling price, but I can tell you that the wheels are in 
a similar trajectory of the forging business we do right now. And it is a new 
capex and we have set up a capacity for 230,000 wheels. This year railway 
offtake guarantee is for 40,000 wheels which we are getting ready to 
supply in this financial year. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, okay. So, is this like on a broad basis the incremental revenue 
would be how much from the wheel set, sir? 
Naresh Jalan: So, I think selling price, it is right now very difficult for me to tell you 
because the contract was awarded two years back. So, we will need to 
have a real-time pricing done with two years of inflation and other things 
to capture and get to the new pricing. So, I will not be able to give you exact 
number right now. But we should be anything between Rs. 400 crores to 
Rs. 450 crores roughly in terms of revenue from the wheel plant. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, okay. No, that's fair enough. Yes, yes, that's it from my side, Sir. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Sunny Gosar from MK Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 12]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 11 
 
Sunny Gosar: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers for the quarter. So, my first question is on the overall peak 
revenue potential. So, we've almost now expanded to about 400,000 tons 
of capacity. So, assuming a normalized utilization and adjusting for 
seasonality in the business, what is the peak volumes or peak revenue if 
you can give some colour either on one of them over the next two to three 
years we can achieve with this current capacity that we have already set 
in place? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I think Sunny, putting a revenue number I think it is difficult. Revenue 
number is absolutely dependent on the commodity pricing. But in terms 
of utilization, we are looking at almost 80% utilization this year in terms of 
our capacity. Means close to around go to around 350,000 tons of overall 
forging and casting put tog ether in terms of our utilization. And I think 
that's, that's the ballpark we are working with. 
Sunny Gosar: Got it. Got it. And second question is in terms of the domestic and export 
mix. So, this year our domestic performance has been very strong with 
strong CV demand and the mix which used to be about 40% to 42% export 
and 58% to 60% domestic have seen a swing towards higher share of 
domestic. So, based on the current visibility in terms of the order book or 
customer discussions that you are having, how do you see this domestic-
export mix moving over the coming one or two years and how does the 
domestic-export mix impact the overall margins? Does, does higher 
export mean better margin profile and how is the outlook on that? 
Naresh Jalan: So, I think with the current trend in the overall overseas market and with 
the new order wins in the European market, we are expecting in next two 
years our export mix to significantly improve. And I think historically which 
was 60:40, I think we are looking at going above 40 in terms of our export 
volumes in the overall scenarios, current scenarios.  
And export is always highly  remunerative than the domestic market. So, 
we are very confident with the current order book and with whatever is 
playing around in terms of the overall global market and the demand side, 
we are very confident that our margins also will considerably improve 
going into coming quarters.  
But it may not happen immediately, but into going onto next eight 
quarters, roughly two years, our margins should be significantly improved 
with export volumes better than previous of 40%. 
Sunny Gosar: Got it, got it. That's very helpful. And my last question is around the 
capacity and the capex. So basically, our utilization in the last quarter was 
around 65% to 70% and we have already expanded capacity. So how do 
[[PAGE 13]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 12 
 
you see the capex intensity for say FY27 and FY28? Because we've spent 
about Rs. 800 crores plus of capex over the last two years. How will that 
number look like say in the next two years? 
Naresh Jalan: Sunny, this year we are looking at more of consolidation. I think with the 
contribution in JV, I think we are not looking at cap ex and maintenance. 
We are not looking at capex of more than Rs. 300 to Rs. 400 crores 
maximum to the tune of Rs. 400 crores. That also may be most of may get 
into only value adds and our contribution into the joint venture. And most 
of our thrust will be in terms of debt reduction. Lalit has already given a 
ballpark of close to Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 500 crores of debt reduction over 
this financial year. 
 I think this year by this financial year -end, we should be anything above 
80% to 85% in terms of our existing capacity utilization. From wherein in 
FY 2028, we are looking for further capex to grow the business into the 
next level. But we have not yet basi cally frozen any capex plan for  
FY 2028 right now. So still, we are talking to customers and getting their 
feedback in terms of what next to do in terms of the overall capacity 
requirements. 
Sunny Gosar: Got it. And in terms of our cash outflow, whatever contribution had to go 
for the JV, has that been paid for or there is more equity that is yet to be? 
Naresh Jalan: Some more part is left. I think Lalit can give the exact number. 
Lalit Khetan: Yes, about Rs. 50 crores will further go, Sunny, in this year. 
Naresh Jalan: So, taken that Rs. 50 crores, Sunny, that the ballpark number is around 
close to around Rs. 400 crores of capex is taken into account of that  
Rs. 50 crores. 
Sunny Gosar: Got it. This is very helpful and all the best for the coming quarters and the 
year ahead. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Kumar Saurabh from Scientific 
Investing. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Saurabh: Yes. Sir, I have one question on the aluminium capacity which is there. In 
terms of realization or margin, how is this business? 
Naresh Jalan: Commodity price itself is close to around Rs. 400 per kg. So obviously 
realization per ton is going to be always higher because of the commodity 
pricing. Margins are close to around 14% to 15% at the absolute numbers. 
Kumar Saurabh: Okay, okay. So almost similar to our current business. So, it should not. 
[[PAGE 14]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 13 
 
Naresh Jalan: No, in terms of contribution, I think it is much higher because 14% to 15% 
you get on the Rs. 400 per kg also. So overall I think contribution is much 
higher than the current ones. 
Kumar Saurabh: Okay, okay. And sir, I think currently our all -total fixed asset is around  
Rs. 4,000 crores and historically I think if we take a blended fixed asset 
turnover, it's somewhere around 1.5, 1.6, which takes us to almost  
Rs. 6,000 crores revenue. I'm not looking for exact number, but ballpark 
kind of number. So, like do you have any plans that when you want to 
utilize this full capacity given, we have done with major capex and now 
you know this is time to reap all the capex which we have invested? 
Naresh Jalan: So, we are looking at during this year, I think by third quarter or fourth 
quarter to reach close to around 80%-85% plus utilization in terms of our 
overall capacity. 
Kumar Saurabh: And sir, historically when we shift from let's say you know say 70% kind of 
utilization number to our peak utilization number, historically we have had 
higher margins. So do you see possibility, I know you have said that and 
this quarter also we have done well on margin and you know you are 
expecting it to improve. But do you see possibility of going back to the 
previous highest utilization peak margins? 
Naresh Jalan: I will not put a number to it, but we are very confident of continuing to 
improve in terms of margins. And I think that is what best we can guide for 
right now. And we continue to work on margins, and I think rest I think in 
terms as utilization improves, as we start delivering the numbers, margins 
are going to be much better than what is expected. 
Kumar Saurabh: Great, great. And sir, I think in our business in casting and forging, energy 
is a major cost item and given whatever is happening globally in terms of 
you know the whole energy thing. So , do you see any major pressure on 
the raw material, on the expense side because of energy or like how do 
you see it panning out? 
Naresh Jalan: Raw material is completely pass -on for us.  With a one quarter lag, it's 
completely pass-on for us. So, we don't get affected by the raw material 
increase. But in terms of other consumables, a major consumable in 
terms of commodity is gas for us post the raw material.  To the earlier 
question also I've answered, with the current geopolitical issues, we have 
gone back to the customers in terms of force majeure clauses. And we are 
very pretty hopeful that the customer will compensate us to the maximum 
possible in terms of the gas energy price increase. 
Kumar Saurabh: Great. Thanks a lot, Sir. I'll come back in the queue. Wish you all the best. 
[[PAGE 15]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 14 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Vinil Shah from Dalal & Broacha. 
Please go ahead. 
Vinil Shah: Hello, sir. Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question 
was in respect of realization for our forgings. So even if we take our 
annualized capacity utilization, we are already close to 70% or 74% 
capacity utilization as per our presentatio n if we take the annualized 
installed capacity. But yet our realizations have been poor er than the Q4 
of FY 2025. So even if we move forward with a higher capacity utilization, 
how do we plan to improve our realization of Rs. 1lakh per ton, sir? 
Naresh Jalan: No, I think realization also is affected by the commodity price. I think 
realization is directly linked to the commodity price. And if the whole year 
as you must have seen that raw material price has continued to decrease. 
So, with the decreasing trend of raw material pricing vis-à-vis FY25, that is 
the effect which we have had. In terms of product mix, I think we have had 
a much better product mix in the second half of the year of this financial 
year. So, I think we have done much better than what presumably would 
have been with the current commodity price if the product mix would not 
have been what it is right now. 
Vinil Shah: No, sir, because my confusion was because our export realization has 
increased from Rs. 1.77 lakhs to Rs. 1.85 lakhs? 
Naresh Jalan: Both the things, I think export realizations are always much better. And if 
you see the previous year, exports were higher than this current financial 
year as a percentage. So , as the export grows, automatically the overall 
realization is going to be much better than what it is currently there. 
Vinil Shah: Alright Sir. Thank you. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: The next question is from Mr. Saket from Sagari Cap. 
Saket: So, first question is pertaining to the non -auto order wins. So almost 
INR250-odd crores order has come from energy segment. So, can you just 
explain what exactly what kind of order is this within the energy space? 
Naresh Jalan: Milesh, can you answer this question, please? 
Milesh Gandhi: Basically, as you know, energy storage has become the latest trend with 
the market. And we have received a lot of orders from companies which 
are very doing very good in energy space in the North America market. And 
they have a very ambitious plans with r egard to the energy storage 
devices. And these devices actually require a lot of forgings and castings 
[[PAGE 16]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 15 
 
as a mix in order to go forward there. So, we have received a good order 
book on account of it and that's what we have reflected in the order books. 
Saket: Okay. Thanks for the clarification. So, sir, last time when we talked about 
the turnaround within the US business, so we talked about largely the new 
customers or the new wins which were helping us come back slowly on 
growth. And that also shows up in the numbers, almost Q-on-Q there has 
been a growth. Now going for FY27, with the tariff behind us now.  And as 
Naresh sir also talked about coming revival of demand as far as Class 8 
trucks is concerned. So, do you think FY27 could be a normalized year 
from a US export or a North America exports standpoint or it would be an 
even a growth year given that you know Mexico, I think likely to go live in a 
couple of weeks or couple of months. 
Naresh Jalan: I think it will be a growth year vis-à-vis previous year in terms of our overall 
North America performance is concerned. 
Saket: That's great to hear, sir. Sir, now another question that I have is pertaining 
to I think mainly for CFO sir. There is a given in the notes of the results, 
there has been some loss provisions that we have made vis -à-vis tariffs 
that some of our customers have had to bear. So can you explain 
something pertaining to this ECL, what exactly is this? 
Lalit Khetan: See, so we have made a provisioning of ECL for Rs. 42 crores in this 
quarter as basically this is in light of income of electricity duty which we 
got order in the last quarter, and the income has been recognized as 
exceptional income. So, but we did not wanted to carry it into our profit. 
And so, on a prudent basis considering the current economic scenario 
and whatever the volatility we have in the global environment , we just 
provided as ECL on our receivables for this Rs. 42 crores amount. This 
amount is totally receivable, but still we got this headroom to provide for 
this. This will help us in future only. 
Saket: Okay, so thanks for the explanation. Now coming back to the shipping 
time. So how is the shipping time, is it now back to normal especially for 
our US side or is it still on the higher side and how's the cost now for 
shipping cost right now? 
Naresh Jalan: Shipping cost has gone up by about 15% to 20% and the days have 
increased by almost 15 to 20 days. 
Saket: Okay. So, sir, because last time when this happened, a lot of our floating 
inventory ended up becoming on our books. So right now, how is that 
floating inventory right now? Is it in line or do you think that should be fine 
going forward? 
[[PAGE 17]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 16 
 
Naresh Jalan: It is in line. 
Saket: Okay. And sir, do we have any West Asia exposure in terms of clientele or 
revenue? 
Naresh Jalan: No, no revenue and no exposure. 
Saket: Okay, sir. And thanks. Sir, last question is you have elaborated a bit on the 
titanium and those kind of alloys where RK Forgings is foraying into and 
it's good to know because again aerospace is gaining a lot of traction. So, 
but these are also long gestation period because approval timelines are 
quite longer. 
So, when do we think that this would end up say adding something 
substantial to our top line or at least will start reflecting say in the order 
book? So, any sense or colour on that? 
Naresh Jalan: I think in terms of order book, I think by this financial year-end, it will start 
reflecting in our order book. But in terms of our revenue I think it will take 
additionally 12 to 24 months because these are long lead items to make 
also and get approvals. So, we are we are not looking anything in terms of 
our revenue before FY29. 
Saket: Okay, sir. Now specifically to the EV segment because it is now kind of 
making some sort of a comeback, right, both across Europe as well as 
even US had a reasonable quarter. So now how are those EV focused 
order or revenue looking up? So, are we looking at say much better 
contribution from them going forward? 
Naresh Jalan: I think EV is performing extremely well for us both in the domestic market 
and overseas market. And I think as our diversification strategy and as 
well as our dependence on ICE to decrease the same, we are already 
working very aggressively to improve our passenger vehicle portfolio 
which is mainly constituting of EV segments only. So, I think, we have 
already guided for a 10% revenue in two years' time to come from 
basically passenger vehicle segment. 
Saket: Okay. So, 10% PV is synonymous with 10% EV as an overall level. Is that 
is it a fair understanding? 
Naresh Jalan: Fair understanding. 
Saket: Okay, Sir, thanks, Sir, for responding and best of luck for the coming 
quarters. 
[[PAGE 18]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 17 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Kiran Garge from Knightstone  
Capital Management LLP. Please go ahead. 
Kiran Garge: How much revenue did we generate from railway assembly undercarriage 
for the full year? 
Naresh Jalan: Can you repeat the question, please. 
Kiran Garge: How much revenue did we generate for the railway assemble 
undercarriage for the full year? 
Naresh Jalan: We will not be able to give you exact component by component revenue 
achievement. But we have achieved a significant portion. Railway 
business as an overall 7.5% is overall in terms of our railway business 
which is performing and we are looking at double digit almost to achieve 
the number by this year from railways. 
Kiran Garge: Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Kiran Naik from Mody Fincap. Please 
go ahead. 
Kiran Naik: Sir, thank you for giving me an opportunity again. Sir, can you tell me from 
where you are buying aluminium which is your raw material for forging? 
Naresh Jalan: We are buying from Hindalco. 
Kiran Naik: Hindalco. Only one supplier you have or you import also? 
Naresh Jalan: We basically are customer directed buy. 
Kiran Naik: Okay, okay. Thanks, Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Kunal Bhatia from Dalal and Broacha 
Stock Broking Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Bhatia: Yes, hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I just had a clarification 
question. You mentioned that this time around you'll be having almost an 
80% utilization on your capacities of 350,000 odd tons. But how what is 
your say your target which you are expecting in terms of the overall sales 
volume?  
Naresh Jalan: Sales volume I think every quarter -on-quarter you'll see significant 
improvement. But I think in terms of percentage is very difficult to say. But 
we are very confident whatever we'll make we'll be able to sell that. 
[[PAGE 19]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 18 
 
Kunal Bhatia: Okay. Sir, because even in the last conference call if I'm not wrong, we 
had mentioned an upper limit of 10% to 15% kind of growth for FY 27 and 
FY28 in terms of a CAGR? 
Naresh Jalan: I think with the current order book, we are very confident of surpassing. 
We are not trying to put any number to it right now. But I think with the 
current geopolitical issue going on, it is a risk also. But with the current 
order book, we are very confid ent of growing. So, but with the capacities 
in place, we are looking at achieving those tonnages in terms of our 
production plans, and we are very confident to sell those. 
Kunal Bhatia: Okay, okay. So, it's fair to assume that we'll be growing the higher upwards 
of the 15% number. 
Naresh Jalan: I will not put a number to it, but I think we are looking at a decent and very 
good growth in FY27. 
Kunal Bhatia: Okay. And sir, ballpark on an 80% kind of utilization levels, what is the kind 
of leverage in terms of margins that kicks in assuming every other thing 
remains status quo? 
Naresh Jalan: So, I think the current margin which we have been able to achieve in the 
fourth quarter, I think now it's here to stay and it we are going to do better 
margins than what we have achieved right now in this quarter. So, I think 
as the capacity utilization economics of growth continue to scale and 
everything remains as where it is and we are able to pass on the energy 
price increases which have happened 
We should be at least 100 to 150 basis points better than what we have 
done right now. But it all depends on whether we have been we are able 
to pass on the energy price increases. 
Kunal Bhatia: Okay. Sir, but you would have some fair bit of an idea from your current 
months' export, say in April, May, have you been able to get those better 
or a higher realization? 
Naresh Jalan: I think we have not yet been able to pass on the energy price increases. 
We already are in discussions, and I think discussions are in advanced 
stage. So, beyond that I think it is very difficult for us to say anything that 
whether by when we will be able to get. Whatever we will get, we will be 
able to get from 1st April onwards. But exactly how much and by when, it 
is very difficult for me to tell, because it is industry-wide which is it is going 
to happen. It's not going to be happening for us as an isolated case. But 
whatever the customer approach OEM approach takes, it is to be  
[[PAGE 20]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 19 
 
happening in the industry-wide space. So, I think we'll wait for some time 
before we can comment on it. 
Kunal Bhatia: Okay. And sir, my final question. I am not asking you for a particular 
number, but in terms of volume on the export basis side, looking at the 
current situation, how has been say the month of April which is already 
gone by? Was it better than March? 
Naresh Jalan: I think I will not be able to give you reflect on the anything on the current 
numbers. But I can only say this year FY 27 export volumes are going to 
come back and it's extremely strong. So, we are very confident of doing 
much better exports than our previous in terms of overall mix of 
percentage to sales. We are going to do much better than what we have 
done in previous years and quarters. 
Kunal Bhatia: Okay, okay. Sounds good. Thank you, Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Mr. Kushal from Asian Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Kushal: Are there any plans to increase ring rolling capacities? 
Naresh Jalan: No. I think there is no plans right now in this financial year to increase the 
ring rolling capacity. 
Kushal: Okay, thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Mr. Aditya Kumar from Old Bridge 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Kumar: Sir, just one clarification. The orders that you have won of Rs. 323 crores 
on the CV part, how much of that would be domestic and how much of 
that would be exports? 
Naresh Jalan: Milesh? 
Milesh Gandhi: You repeat the question please. 
Aditya: Yes. I was asking the Rs. 323 crores order that we have won on the CV 
side, what would be the split between domestic and exports? 
Milesh Gandhi: Against the Rs. 323 crores, in the CV more than 50% of it is export and 
around 50% is from the domestic. 
Aditya: Okay, okay. Thank you. That's it. 
 
[[PAGE 21]]
  
 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  Page 20 
 
Moderator: We have the next question from Mr. Kushal from Asian Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Kushal: Just again regarding ring-rolling, as I'm seeing here it's at 121% utilization. 
So, does it affect in any way negatively crossing the capacity. 
Naresh Jalan: No. Basically, it is 121%. If you see the history also, ring -rolling has been 
operating at more than 100% as always and it does not affect in terms of 
the life of the equipment or in any way. 
Kushal: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions in the queue, I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Mundhra: Thank you. We would like to thank all for taking out the time and joining 
our earnings call. We hope we have answered all your queries and for your 
satisfaction. Would like to further inform that get in touch for with us or 
CDR if you have further informa tion required. We look forward to 
interacting again next quarter. Thank you again very much for talking to us. 
Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The 
company does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been 
edited without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 
