[page 1]
 
 
 
 
Monday, 10th August, 2026 
 
The Manager, Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C - 1, Block G, 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, Bandra(East), 
Mumbai– 400051 MH IN 
NSE Script Code - MMP 
 
Ref: Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 & 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) 
Sub: Outcome of Board Meeting No. 3 of FY 2026-27 Held on Monday, 10th August, 2026  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to provisions of Regulation 30 and 33 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) this is to inform that, Meeting No. 3  of Board of Directors of MMP 
Industries Limited was held on 10th August, 2026 at 11:45 A.M. and concluded at 1.00 P.M. 
through other Audio Visual Means, inter alia, transacted following:  
 
1. Considered, reviewed and approved, the Statement of Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for the Quarter (Q 1) / Financial Year 
2026-27 ended 30 June,  2026, duly reviewed and recommended by the Audit 
Committee of the Company  along with Limited Review Report issued by Statutory 
Auditor of the company. (Enclosed herewith) 
 
2. Considered, reviewed and took on records (approved) the appointment of M/s. 
Deepak Khanuja & Associates (Firm Registration No. 100247) as a Cost Auditor of the 
company & recommend to the shareholders, for fixation of remuneration (fees) for 
the cost audit of the Com pany for the financial year 202 6-2027 ending 31s t March 
2027. 
 
3. Considered, reviewed and approved The Board’s Report, together with its annex 
and attachment/s, including the Corporate Governance Report and Management 
Discussion & Analysis, to be placed before the Fifty Third (53) Annual General Meeting 
(AGM) of the Shar eholders (Members) of the Company for th eir adoption (approval) 
thereof and t he Notice [including Agenda, Notes and Explanatory Statement thereof] 
convening the Fif ty Third  (52) Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Shareholders 
(Members) of the Company . 
 
 
 
[page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
5. Considered and approved following:  
a) Duly noted resignation of Mr. Vijay Bapna and Mr. Sunil Khanna  from post of Non-
Executive, Independent Directors 
 
b) Appointed Mr. Raj Sethia and Mr. Sanjay Arora  as Additional Non-Executive, 
Independent Directors 
(The details are mentioned in annexure)  
 
For MMP Industries Limited 
 
 
                     
Madhura Ubale 
CS & Compliance Officer   
Add: Nagpur 
Encl: As Above. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 3]
 
 
 
Details required under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulation, 2015 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Details 
1 Brief profile of Deepak 
Khanuja and Associates, 
Nagpur  appointed as Cost  
Auditors of company for FY 
2026-27 
M/s. Deepak Khanuja & Associates is a reputed firm of Cost 
Accountants based in Nagpur, Maharashtra, with significant 
experience in cost audits and cost compliance across diverse 
industries. The firm is headed by CMA Deepak Khanuja, a seasoned 
professional with over two decades of practice in cost accounting 
and audit. The firm has consistently demonstrated competence in 
handling cost audit assignments for both listed and unlisted 
manufacturing companies, ensuring adherence to the statutory 
and regulatory frameworks under the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014. 
2 Details of Resignat ion of 
Mr. Vijay Bapna  from post 
of Non -Executive 
Independent Director 
Resigned due to completion of term.  
3 Details of Resignation of 
Mr. Sunil Khanna  from 
post of Non -Executive 
Independent Director 
Resigned due to completion of term. 
3 Brief profile  of Mr. Raj 
Sethia appointed  as 
Additional Non -Executive, 
Independent Director 
Raj Sethia brings 30+ years of cross -sector leadership across 
corporate finance, strategy, business development, HR, high -
growth operations, and P&L management -  with the last  3 years 
focused on deep tech venture investing. His career spans FMCG, 
Telecom, and Digital Infrastructure, and now Defence & Aerospace, 
Space Economy, Critical Communications, and other sovereign -
critical sectors. 
 He is currently Founder & Managing Part ner of MountTech 
Growth Fund (Kavachh), a Category II AIF (Venture Capital Fund). 
He holds a B.Com (Honours) from St. Xavier's College, Kolkata; a 
CMA from ICMA (USA); and an MBA from Wake Forest University 
School of Business, North Carolina, USA 
4 Brief profile of M r. Sanjay 
Arora appointed as 
Additional Non -Executive, 
Independent  Director 
Sanjay, a PhD in Brand Management, Marketing Communication & 
Consumer Behaviour, has an MBA, and modules in Brand 
Management & Digital Marketing from IIM, Bangalore. 
In 1987 he founded Shells Advertising Inc., one of central India’s 
largest advertising agency. A 14 -time TEDx speaker, an acclaimed 
Keynote speaker, often featured on various news channels like 
CNNNews18 & NDTV with his unique insights on marketing and 
business. 
His daily marketing tips have become immensely popular  
Internationally. 
 
[page 4]

[page 5]

[page 6]

[page 7]

[page 8]

[page 9]

[page 10]

[page 11]

