[page 1]
Regd. Ofﬁce : Village Somalheri/Lehli, P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi, Distt. Mohali, Punjab (India) 
Tel. : +91 (1762) 275249, 275872, 275173 Fax : +91 (1762) 275228 
Email : hrdho@sswlindia.com Website : www.sswlindia.com 
 
 
 
Date: 03.09.2026 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 BSE Code: 513262 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Code : SSWL 
Subject: Annual Report for the Financial Year 2025-26 and Notice of 40th Annual 
General Meeting (AGM) of the Company 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 and 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed please find herewith Annual Report 
for the Financial Year 2025-26 and Notice of 40th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the 
Company for the financial year 2025-26. 
 
The Annual Report containing Notice of the AGM is also available on the website of the 
Company at https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/annual-report-2025-26.pdf  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
 
 
Kanika Sapra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A56875 
Encl: as above 


[page 2]
|| 1 ||
2025-26

[page 3]
|| 2 ||
CORPORATE 
                           INFORMATION
CONTENTS                                                        BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Notice  1 Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg, Chairman, Non-Executive Director
Board’s Report 19          Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Managing Director, Executive Director
Secretarial Auditors’ Report   33  Sh. Mohan Joshi, Dy. Managing Director, Executive Director*
Corporate Governance Report   48        Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive Director
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report        79         Sh. Sanjay Garg, Non- Independent Non-Executive Director
Management Discussion & Analysis   119         Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Independent Director 
Standalone Financial Statements            127         Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta, Independent Director
Consolidated Financial Statements 180             Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Independent Director 
               Sh. Siddharth Bansal, Independent Director 
  Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna, Independent Director 
  Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy, Independent Director
       *ceased to be the director of the company w.e.f. 03.06.2026. 
 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
REGISTERED OFFICE  Sh. Rahul Kumar
Village Somalheri/Lehli,  COMPANY SECRETARY
P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi,  Ms. Kanika Sapra
District S.A.S. Nagar (Mohali), Punjab-140506                          
        
WORKS  BANKERS/ INSTITUTIONS 
i.   Village Somalheri/Lehli,  HDFC Bank Ltd.
     P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi,  Federal Bank Ltd.
      District S.A.S. Nagar (Mohali) Punjab-140506 Axis Bank Ltd. 
ii. Plot No. A-10, SIPCOT, Industrial Growth Centre, ICICI Bank Ltd.
      Oragadam, Vallam Village, Sriperumbudur,  IDFC First Bank Ltd.
      District Kancheepuram, Tamil Nadu-602105 Yes Bank Ltd.
iii. Plot No. 733, 734, 735, 747 RBL Bank Ltd.
      Mouza Jojobera, P.O. & P.S. Chhota Govindpur, Export-Import Bank of India
      East Singhbhum District Jamshedpur, Jharkhand-831015 CTBC Bank Co. Limited
iv. Plot No. 77, 78, 136B, 394, IDBI Bank Ltd.    
      Village - Martoli/Tejpura, Taluka - Jotana, The South Indian Bank Ltd.
      District - Mehsana, Gujarat, India-384430                               Kookmin Bank 
v. Village - Muria, P. O. Kolabira Thana No. 150            Shinhan Bank
      District Seraikela - Kharsawan, Jharkhand-833220 Emirates NBD Bank
vi.   Administrative Building, Bhuj-Bhachau Road,  Union Bank of India 
      Near Village Kannaiyabe, Kachchh,  Bank of Baroda
      Bhuj, Gujarat, India, 370020  Kotak Mahindra Bank
      (Proposed plants for Alloy Wheels & 
      Aluminum Steering Knuckles)                
        
CORPORATE OFFICE      STATUTORY AUDITORS
SCO 49-50, Sector 26, Madhya Marg,  M/s AKR & Associates
Chandigarh-160019  Chartered Accountants
   SCO 51, 2nd Floor, Chandigarh Citi Centre,             
REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER AGENT  VIP Road, Zirakpur, Punjab-140603
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.)
Noble Heights, 1st Floor, Plot No. NH-2,   SECRETARIAL AUDITOR
LSC Near Savitri Market, C-1 Block, Janakpuri,  Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, Practicing Company Secretary
New Delhi-110058   Proprietor of M/s S.K. Sikka & Associates
  #5441, Sector 38 (West), Chandigarh-160014
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  _ _ _ __ _
_ _ _ _ _  

[page 4]
|| 1 ||
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
(CIN: L27107PB1985PLC006159)
Registered Office: Village Somalheri/Lehli, P.O. Dappar,
Tehsil Derabassi, Distt. S.A.S Nagar (Mohali), Punjab-140506
Phone: +91- 172-2793112 Fax: +91-172-2794834
Email: ssl_ssg@glide.net.in Website: www.sswlindia.com 
NOTICE
(Pursuant to Section 101 of the Companies Act, 2013)
Notice is hereby given that the 40th (Fortieth) Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Members of Steel Strips Wheels Limited (“the 
Company”) will be held on Wednesday, the 30th day of September, 2026 at 11:00 A.M. (IST)  at the Registered Office of the 
Company situated at Village Somalheri/Lehli, P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi, Distt. S.A.S Nagar, Mohali, Punjab-140506, to 
transact the following business(es):
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. Receive, Consider and Adopt the:
a) Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 st March, 2026 and the 
Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors’ thereon; and 
b) Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 and the 
Report of Auditors’ thereon
	 To	consider 	and	if	thought	fit,	to	pass	the	following	resolution	as	an	Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT	the	Audited	Standalone	Financial	Statements	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	ended	31st March, 2026, 
the Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors’ thereon, as circulated to the Members and laid before the meeting, be and 
are hereby received, considered and adopted.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT	the	Audited	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	ended	
31st March, 2026 and the Report of Auditors’ thereon, as circulated to the Members and laid before the meeting, be and are 
hereby received, considered and adopted.”
2. Declaration of Final Dividend on equity shares of the Company for the financial year 2025-26
	 To	consider	and	if	thought	fit,	to	pass	the	following	resolution	 as	an	Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT	pursuant	to	the	recommendation	of	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company,	a	final	dividend	of	Rs.	1.50	
per equity share (i.e. at the rate of 150%) on the fully paid up equity shares of face value of Rs. 1/- each of the Company, be 
declared	for	the	financial	year	ended	31st	March,	2026	and	be	paid	out	of	the	profits	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	ended	
31st	March,	2026	to	the	eligible	equity	shareholders	as	on	the	record	date	fixed	for	the	purpose	of	giving	of	dividend.”
3. Re-appointment of a Director in place of Sh. Dheeraj Garg (DIN: 00034926), who retires by rotation and being eligible, 
offers himself for re-appointment
	 	 To	consider 	and	if	thought	fit,	to	pass	the	following	resolution	as	an	Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the Section 152(6) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, and 
Rules	made	thereunder	(including	any	statutory	modification(s)	and/or	re-enactment(s)	thereof	for	the	time	being	in	force)	
and Articles of Association of the company, Sh. Dheeraj Garg (DIN: 00034926), who retires by rotation at this Annual General 
Meeting and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment, be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Company.”
4. Re-appointment of a Director in place of Sh. Sanjay Garg (DIN: 00030956), who retires by rotation and being eligible, 
offers himself for re-appointment
	 	 To	consider 	and	if	thought	fit,	to	pass	the	following	resolution	as	an	Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the Section 152(6) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, and 
Rules	made	thereunder	(including	any	statutory	modification(s)	and/or	re-enactment(s)	thereof	for	the	time	being	in	force)	
and Articles of Association of the company, Sh. Sanjay Garg (DIN: 00030956), who retires by rotation at this Annual General 
Meeting and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment, be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Company.”

[page 5]
|| 2 ||
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
5.  Approval for enhancement of Company’s Borrowing Limits 
	 	 To	consider 	and	if	thought	fit,	to	pass	the	following	resolution	as	a	Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT in supersession of the earlier resolution passed by the Members of the Company at the 31st Annual General 
Meeting of the Company held on September 28, 2017, and pursuant to the provisions of Section 180(1)(c) and other applicable 
provisions,	if	any,	of	the	Companies	Act,	2013	read	with	the	rules	made	thereunder	(including	any	statutory	modification(s)	
and/or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in terms of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the 
Company, and based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company, the consent of the members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which 
term shall be deemed to include any committee thereof) to borrow any sum or sums of money, from time to time, for the purpose 
of the business of the Company including by way of issuance of debentures/bonds (including FCCBs), at their discretion, from 
any	Indian	or	Foreign	Bank(s),	Financial	Institution(s)	and/or	any	other	Indian	or	foreign	lending	institutions	or	Persons,	firms,	
bodies corporate or any other persons, on such terms and conditions and with or without security(ies) as the Board may in 
its	discretion	think	fit,	notwithstanding	that	the	money	or	monies	to	be	borrowed	together	with	the	monies	already	borrowed	
by the Company (apart from the temporary loans obtained from the Company’s Banker in the ordinary course of Business), 
exceed the aggregate of the Paid-up Share Capital, free reserves and Securities Premium of the Company, provided that the 
total amount up to which the money can be borrowed by the Company, shall not exceed the sum of INR 3500.00 Crore (Indian 
Rupees Three Thousand and Five Hundred Crores Only) at any time.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any committee thereof) and/or any person 
authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to take all such steps and to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary, proper, incidental and expedient in this connection including 
seeking	all	necessary	approvals	to	give	effect	to	this	resolution	and	to	settle	any	questions,	difficulties	or	doubts	that	may	arise	
in this regard.”
6.  Authorise Board of Directors to create Security(ies) on the assets of the company, both present and future
	 	 To	consider 	and	if	thought	fit,	to	pass	the	following	resolution	as	a	Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT in supersession of the earlier resolution passed by the Members of the Company at the 31st Annual General 
Meeting of the Company held on September 28, 2017 and pursuant to the provisions of Section 180(1)(a) and other applicable 
provisions,	if	any,	of	the	Companies	Act,	2013	read	with	the	rules	made	thereunder	(including	any	statutory	modification(s)	
and/or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in terms of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the 
Company, and based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company, the consent of the members of the 
Company, be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which 
term shall be deemed to include any Committee thereof) to create mortgage/hypothecation/ pledge and/or charge in addition 
to the existing mortgages/ hypothecations/pledges and/or  charges/ created/to be created by the Company, in such form and 
manner and with such ranking and on such terms as the Board may determine in the interest of the company, on all or any 
of	the	movable	and	/or	immovable	properties,	current	and/or	fixed	assets	of	the	company,	both	present	and	future	and/or	any	
other assets or properties, either tangible or intangible of the company and/or the whole of the undertaking(s) or any part of 
the undertaking(s) of the Company, in favour of lender(s), Agent(s) and Trustee(s) for securing the borrowings of the company 
availed/to be availed by the Company by way of loans, working capital facilities, debentures or any other securities or debt 
instrument or otherwise, in foreign currency or in Indian Currency, from any  Indian or Foreign Bank(s), Financial Institution(s) 
and/or		any	other	Indian	or	foreign	lending	institutions	or	Persons,	firms,	bodies	corporate	or	any	other	lender,	from	time	to	time,	
up to the limits approved or as may be approved by the shareholders under Section 180 (1) (c)  of the Act, along with interest, 
additional interest, accumulated interest, liquidated charges, commitment charges or costs , expenses and any other money 
payable	by	the	Company	including	any	increase	as	result	of	devaluation/revaluation/fluctuation	in	the	rate	of	exchange.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any committee thereof) and/or any person 
authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to take all such steps and to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary, proper, incidental and expedient in this connection including 
seeking	all	necessary	approvals	to	give	effect	to	this	resolution	and	to	settle	any	questions,	difficulties	or	doubts	that	may	arise	
in this regard.”
            By Order of the Board of Directors
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
                                                            
                            
Place:Chandigarh                Kanika Sapra
Date: 03.09.2026             Company Secretary
                       Membership No. ACS 56875

[page 6]
|| 3 ||
NOTES:
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with relevant 
rules made thereunder, and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) concerning the business with respect to Item 
No(s). 5 & 6 of this Notice, is annexed hereto. Further, relevant information pursuant to Regulation 36 and other applicable 
provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 {“SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015”} and SS-2 with respect to the Item No(s). 3 & 4 is also annexed to this Notice.
2. PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE ACT, A MEMBER ENTITLED TO ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE AGM IS 
ENTITLED TO APPOINT A PROXY TO ATTEND AND VOTE ON A POLL INSTEAD OF HIMSELF/HERSELF AND THE 
PROXY SO APPOINTED NEED NOT BE A MEMBER OF THE COMPANY.  THE INSTRUMENT OF PROXY IN ORDER TO 
BE EFFECTIVE, MUST BE DEPOSITED AT THE REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE COMPANY, DULY COMPLETED AND 
SIGNED, NOT LESS THAN 48 HOURS BEFORE THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE AGM. A PROXY FORM FOR THE AGM 
IS ENCLOSED. 
 A PERSON CAN ACT AS A PROXY ON BEHALF OF THE MEMBERS NOT EXCEEDING FIFTY AND HOLDING IN THE 
AGGREGATE NOT MORE THAN TEN PERCENT OF THE TOTAL SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY CARRYING 
VOTING RIGHTS. A MEMBER HOLDING MORE THAN TEN PERCENT OF THE TOTAL SHARE CAPITAL OF THE 
COMPANY CARRYING VOTING RIGHTS MAY APPOINT A SINGLE PERSON AS PROXY AND SUCH PERSON SHALL 
NOT ACT AS A PROXY FOR ANY OTHER PERSON OR SHAREHOLDER. 
 DURING THE PERIOD BEGINNING 24 HOURS BEFORE THE TIME FIXED FOR THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE 
MEETING AND ENDING WITH THE CONCLUSION OF THE MEETING, A MEMBER WOULD BE ENTITLED TO INSPECT 
THE PROXIES LODGED AT ANY TIME DURING THE BUSINESS HOURS OF THE COMPANY, PROVIDED THAT NOT 
LESS THAN THREE (3) DAYS OF NOTICE IN WRITING OF THE INTENTION TO INSPECT IS GIVEN TO THE COMPANY.
3. Institutional/Corporate Members intending to send their authorized representative to attend the meeting are requested to 
send	to	the	Company,	a	certified	true	copy	of	the	Board	Resolution,	pursuant	to	the	section	113	of	the	Act,	authorizing	their	
representative(s) to attend and vote on their behalf at the meeting.
4. Members	/	Proxies	/	Authorized	Representatives	should	bring	the	duly	filled	Attendance	Slip	enclosed	herewith	to	attend	the	
meeting. Route map of the venue of the Meeting (including prominent land mark) is annexed to this Notice.
5. In case of joint holders attending the meeting, only such joint holder who is higher in the order of the names as per the Register 
of Members of the company as on the cut-off date i.e. Wednesday, 23.09.2026 will be entitled to vote at the meeting.
6. Electronic Dispatch of Notice And Annual Report: 
 In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 36(1)(b) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time:
•	 Notice	of	this	AGM	and	the	Annual	Report	for	the	financial	year	(FY)	2025-26	are	being	sent	ONLY through electronic 
mode to all the members whose email IDs are registered with the Company or Depository Participant(s) (DP) or MUFG 
Intime India Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited), the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (RTA) of 
the Company;
•	 A letter is being sent by the Company to those shareholder(s) who have not registered their email address(es) either 
with the Company or with their respective Depository Participants or RTA of the Company, providing therein the web-link, 
including the exact path, where complete details of the Annual Report including Notice of this AGM is available;
•	 The physical copies of Notice of this AGM and the Annual Report for the FY 2025-26 shall be sent only to those members 
who request for the same either with Company or RTA of the Company.
 Further, the Electronic copy of the Annual Report for Financial Year(FY) 2025-26 and Notice of this AGM is available on the 
website of:
•	 The Company at https://sswlindia.com/investors/financial-performance#annual-report 
•	 BSE Limited (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, 
respectively, and
•	 RTA at https://in.mpms.mufg.com/.
	 The	 physical	copies	of	the	aforesaid	documents	will	also	be	available	at	the	Company’s	Registered	Office	and	Corporate	Office	
for inspection during normal business hours (9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.) (IST) on working days up to the date of this AGM.
7. Members may note that registration of email address is mandatory  for receiving all communication(s) including Annual 
Report, Notices, Circulars, etc. from the Company/RTA electronically. Thus, the members who have not registered their e-mail 
address(es) so far are requested to register their e-mail address(es) in the following manner:
•	 Members holding shares in physical form can register their email address(es) by sending KYC forms alongwith supporting 
documents to the RTA of the Company.

[page 7]
|| 4 ||
•	 Members holding shares in demat mode may update the e-mail address(es) through their respective Depository 
Participant(s). 
8. Record Date, Book Closure and Dividend:
i. Pursuant to Section 91 of the Act, the Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed 
from 24.09.2026 to 30.09.2026 (both days inclusive) for the purpose of AGM and for determining the names of members 
entitled to dividend, if declared at this AGM.
ii. The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 29.05.2026 have, inter alia, approved and recommended 
payment	of	a	“final	dividend”	of	Rs.	1.50	(i.e.	at	the	rate	of	150%)	per	equity	share	on	the	fully	paid-up	equity	shares	of	
face	value	of	Rs.	1/-	each	of	the	company	for	the	financial	year	2025-26,	subject	to	approval	of	the	members	at	this	AGM.
iii. The	final	dividend,	if	declared	at	this	AGM,	will	be	paid	within	a	period	of	30	days	from	the	date	of	declaration,	to	those	
members whose name will appear in the register of members/depository records as at the closing hours of business on 
23.09.2026 (Record Date).
iv. Pursuant to the Income Tax Act, 2025 (erstwhile Income Tax Act, 1961), dividend income is taxable in the hands of the 
shareholders/members, therefore the company shall be required to deduct TDS/ Withholding Tax (TDS/ WHT) at the time 
of payment of dividend as per the applicable tax rates. The rates of TDS/ WHT would depend upon the category and 
residential status of the shareholder as briefed hereunder:
A. Tax on Dividend to Resident Shareholders
I. Tax on dividend to Resident Individual Shareholders
a) Tax shall not be deducted on payment of dividend to Resident Individual Shareholder, if the total amount of 
dividend	payable	during	the	financial	year	does	not	exceed	Rs.	10,000/-.
b) Tax to be deducted on payment of dividend to Resident Individual shareholder, if the total amount of dividend 
payable	during	the	financial	year	exceeds	Rs.	10,000/-	in	the	following	manner:
Category of shareholder Applicable Tax 
Rate Documents required to be submitted
Resident individual shareholders with PAN 10% PAN to be updated with Depository 
Participant/ RTA
Resident individual shareholders without 
PAN / invalid PAN 20% NA
c) Resident Individual Shareholders, desires to avail exemption from deduction of tax on payment of dividend 
exceeding	Rs.	10,000/-	during	the	financial	year	can	do	so	in	the	following	manner:
Category of shareholder Applicable Tax 
Rate Documents required to be submitted
Resident Individual shareholders with 
PAN:-
a) For individuals with no tax liability on 
total income
b) For individuals above the age of 60 
years with no tax liability on total income
Nil
Copy of self-attested PAN & 
Declaration in Form 121
II. Tax on dividend to Resident Non-Individual Shareholders
	 Tax	 on	dividend	payable	during	the	financial	year	to	Resident	Non-Individual	Shareholders	shall	be	deducted	as	per	
the following details:
Category of shareholder Applicable Tax 
Rate Documents required to be submitted
Resident Non-Individual Shareholders with 
PAN 10% PAN to be updated with Depository 
Participant / RTA
Resident Non-Individual Shareholders 
without PAN / invalid PAN 20% NA

[page 8]
|| 5 ||
 However, the shareholder can avail exemption from TDS or lower rates by submission of following documents:
Category of shareholder Applicable 
Tax Rate Documents required to be submitted
Mutual	Fund	specified	under	Schedule	
VII Table Sr no.20 of the Income Tax Act, 
2025
Nil
• Copy	 of	 self-attested	 PAN	 &	 Certificate	 of	
registration with SEBI 
• Self-Declaration under Schedule VII Table Sr no. 
20 of the Income Tax Act, 2025
An Insurance Company exempted under 
Section 393 Sr no.10 of Table for No 
Deduction at Source of Income Tax Act, 
2025
Nil
• Copy	 of	 self-attested	 PAN	 &	 Certificate	 of	
registration with Insurance Regulatory and 
Development Authority (IRDA)/ LIC/ GIC
• Self-Declaration qualifying as Insurer as per 
Section 2(7A) of the Insurance Act, 1938
Alternate Investment Fund (AIF 
established in India) Nil
• Copy	of	self-attested	PAN	&	registration	certificates	
for either Category I or Category II AIF as per SEBI 
Regulations
• Declaration under Schedule V Sr.no.1 of the 
Income Tax Act, 2025 for exemption
Other Non-Individual shareholders Nil
• Copy of self-attested PAN
• Self-Declaration along with self-attested copy of 
documentary evidence supporting the exemption
Shareholders who have submitted order 
u/s 395 of the Income Tax Act, 2025 As per order
• Copy of self-attested PAN
• Lower/NIL	 withholding	 tax	 certificate	 for	 the	
FY 2025-26 obtained from tax authority to be 
submitted to claim the lower tax rates
B. Tax on Dividend to Non-Resident Shareholders
	 TDS/WHT 	on	payment	of	dividend	during	the	financial	year	to	Non-Resident	Shareholders	shall	be	as	follows:
 Non-resident shareholders shall be taxed @ 20% plus applicable surcharge and cess on the dividend payable during 
the	financial	year.	They	can	avail	beneficial	rates	under	tax	treaty	between	India	and	their	country	of	residence,	subject	
to	submission	of	necessary	documents	i.e.	No	Permanent	Establishment	and	Beneficial	Ownership	Declaration,	Tax	
Residency	Certificate,	Form	41,	any	other	document	which	may	be	required	to	avail	the	tax	treaty	benefits.
C.  Members holding shares under multiple accounts under different status / category and single PAN, may note that 
higher of the tax as applicable to the status in which shares held under a PAN will be considered on their entire holding 
in	different	accounts.	In	case	of	joint	shareholding,	the	shareholder	named	first	in	the	Register	of	Members	is	required	to	
furnish	the	requisite	documents	for	claiming	any	applicable	beneficial	tax	rate.
D. Members may note that in case the tax on said dividend is deducted at a higher rate in absence of timely receipt, or 
insufficiency/incompleteness/incorrectness	of	the	aforementioned	details/documents	from	you,	an	option	is	available	to	
you	to	file	the	return	of	income	as	per	the	Income	Tax	Act,	2025	and	claim	an	appropriate	refund,	if	eligible.	No claim shall 
lie against the Company for such tax deductions.
E. As per section 262 of the Income Tax Act, 2025, every person who has been allotted a PAN and who is eligible to obtain 
Aadhaar is required to link the PAN with Aadhaar. In case of failure to comply with this, the PAN allotted shall be deemed 
to be invalid/inoperative and tax shall be deducted at the rate of 20% as per the provisions of section 397(2) of the Income 
Tax Act, 2025. The Company will be using functionality of the Income-tax Department for determination of status of PAN 
(operative/inoperative) for the purpose of section 397(2) of the Income Tax Act, 2025.
F. In case the dividend income is assessable to tax in the hands of a person other than the registered shareholder as on 
record date, in terms of Rule 203 of the Income Tax Rules, 2026, the registered shareholder is required to furnish a 
declaration containing the name, address, PAN of the person to whom TDS credit is to be given and reasons for giving 
credit to such person on or before 24.09.2026. No request in this regard would be accepted by the Company/RTA after 
the said date.
G. Format for submission of various declarations, forms, etc. mentioned above are made available on the website of the 
Company and the shareholders are requested to provide signed declarations to the Company at SCO 49-50, Sector- 26, 
Madhya Marg, Chandigarh, 160019 or to the RTA of the Company viz. MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd., Noble Heights 1 st 
Floor, Plot No. NH-2, C-1 Block, LSC Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri, New Delhi – 110058, Tel: 011-49411000, e-mail 
ID:investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com   on or before 30.09.2026 (Date of AGM).

[page 9]
|| 6 ||
9. Updation of mandate for receiving dividend directly in bank account through Electronic Clearing System or any other 
means in a timely manner: 
 SEBI has made it mandatory for all companies to use the bank account details furnished by the Depositories and/or the bank 
account details maintained by the RTA for payment of dividend to members electronically. 
 The Company has extended the facility of electronic credit of dividend directly to the respective bank accounts of the Member(s) 
through the National Electronic Clearing Service (NECS)/ National Electronic Fund Transfer (NEFT)/Real Time Gross Settlement 
(RTGS)/Direct Credit, etc.
 Further, the members holding shares in physical form may kindly note that SEBI vide Master Circular No. HO/38/13/
(4)2026-MIRSDPOD/I/4298/2026 dated February 06, 2026 which supersedes the circulars issued earlier in this regard has 
mandated that dividend shall be paid only through electronic mode with effect from April 01, 2024. In case of non-updation of 
PAN or Contact Details or Mobile Number or Bank Account Details or Specimen Signature in respect of physical folios, dividend/
interest etc. shall be paid only through electronic mode with effect from April 01, 2024 upon furnishing of all the aforesaid details 
in entirety. Therefore, members are requested to update their details with Company/RTA/DP in following manner:
 Shares held in physical form: In order to receive dividend in a timely manner, members holding shares in physical form who 
have not updated their mandate for receiving the dividends directly in their bank accounts through Electronic Clearing Service 
or any other means (“Electronic Bank Mandate”), can register their Electronic Bank Mandate to receive dividends directly into 
their bank account electronically or any other means, by submitting the hard copies of the following details/ documents to the 
Company’s RTA:
a) Form ISR-1 & ISR-2 along with supporting documents. The said forms are available on the company’s website at https://
sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-information#investor-service-request-forms and at RTA’s website at https://web.
in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html  
b) Cancelled	cheque	in	original,	bearing	the	name	of	the	member	or	first	holder,	in	case	shares	are	held	jointly;	In	case	name	
of the holder is not available on the cheque, kindly submit the following documents:
i. Cancelled cheque in original
ii. Bank	attested	legible	copy	of	the	first	page	of	the	Bank	Passbook/Bank	Statement	bearing	the	names	of	the	account	
holders, address, same bank account number and type as on the cheque leaf and full address of the bank branch.
iii. Self-attested copy of the PAN Card of all the holders; and 
iv. Self-attested copy of any document (such as Aadhar Card, Driving Licence, Election Identity Card, Passport) in 
support of the address of the Member(s) as registered with the Company.
 Shares held in demat form: Members holding shares in electronic form may note that the bank particulars registered against 
their respective depository accounts will be used by the Company for payment of dividend. The Company or its RTA cannot act 
on any request received directly from the members holding shares in electronic form for any change of bank particulars or bank 
mandates. Such changes are to be advised only to the Depository Participant(DP) of the members. Accordingly, the Members 
holding shares in demat form are requested to update their Electronic Bank Mandate with their respective DPs.
10. Nomination Facility: As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility for making nomination is available for the 
Members in respect of the shares held by them. Members who have not yet registered their nomination are requested to 
register the same by submitting Form SH-13. If a Member desires to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh 
nomination, he/she may submit the same in Form ISR-3 or Form SH-14, as the case may be. The said forms are available on 
the Company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-information#investor-service-request-forms  and at RTA’s 
website at https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html. Members are requested to submit the said form(s) to their 
respective DP, in case the shares are held in electronic form and to the Company’s RTA in case the shares are held in physical 
form.
 Further, the Company in compliance to the SEBI circulars has sent individual letters to the members holding shares in physical 
form for furnishing their PAN or Contact Details (Postal Address with PIN code) or Mobile Number or Bank Account Details or 
Specimen Signature alongwith Email-id and nomination details.
11.  Transfer, Transmission, Transposition, Dematerialization of shares and all other investor related matters are attended 
to and processed by the Company’s RTA:
 As per Regulation 40 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, securities of listed companies can be transferred only in 
dematerialized form. 
 Further, SEBI in continuation of its efforts to enhance ease of dealing in securities market by investors vide its Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022 read with SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 
dated May 07, 2024 and SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/81 dated June 10, 2024, has mandated the listed entities to 
issue securities for the following service requests only in dematerialized form: 

[page 10]
|| 7 ||
i. Issue	of	duplicate	securities	certificate;	
ii. Claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account;
iii. Renewal/	Exchange	of	securities	certificate;	
iv. Endorsement; 
v. Sub-division/Splitting	of	securities	certificate;	
vi. Consolidation	of	securities	certificates/folios;
vii. Transmission and Transpositions
 In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and for ease of portfolio management, Members holding 
shares in physical form are requested to consider converting their holdings to dematerialized form. Accordingly, the members 
are	requested	to	make	service	request	by	submitting	a	duly	filled	and	signed	Form	No.	ISR-4,	the	format	of	which	is	available	
on the Company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-information#investor-service-request-forms and on 
the website of RTA at https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html. Members are requested to note that any service 
request would only be processed after the folio is KYC Compliant.
 Doing away with the requirement of Letter of Confirmation
 In order to simplify the process for credit of securities pursuant to investor service requests by reducing the timelines, risk of loss 
and pilferage, SEBI vide its circular no. HO/38/13/(3)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3763/2026 dated January 30, 2026 has decided to do 
away	with	the	requirement	of	issuance	of	“Letter	of	Confirmation”	(LOC)	with	effect	from	02.04.2026.	In	the	said	circular	SEBI	
has further implemented that the Depositories shall develop a process/system to enable RTAs/listed companies to credit the 
securities directly to the demat account of the investor after necessary due-diligence by RTAs/listed companies. Such investor 
service request shall be accompanied with a copy of the Client Master List(“CML”) of the demat account, which shall be duly 
attested by the Depository Participant and not older than two months. Any LOC issued before April 02, 2026, may be submitted 
by	the	investors	to	DP	for	dematerialization	within	the	specified	timeline	i.e.	120	days	from	the	date	of	issuance	of	LOC.
 Members may contact the Company’s RTA, M/s MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd. (Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt. Limited), 
at Noble Heights 1st Floor, Plot No. NH-2, C-1 Block, LSC Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri, New Delhi 110058, Phone No. 011-
49411000, e-mail - investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com  for assistance in this regard.
12.  Special Window for re-lodgement of transfer of physical shares
 SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated July 5, 2025, had mandated to open a special 
window only for re-lodgement of transfer deeds, which were lodged prior to the deadline of April 1, 2019 and rejected/returned/
not	attended	to,	due	to	deficiency	in	the	documents/process/or	otherwise,	for	a	period	of	six	months	from	July	7,	2025	till	
January 6, 2026. Later, SEBI vide its Circular No. HO/38/13/11(2)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3750/2026 dated January 30, 2026, has 
prescribed to open another special window for transfer and dematerialisation of physical securities which were sold/purchased 
prior to April 1, 2019. This special window shall be open for a period of one year from February 5, 2026 to February 4, 2027. 
In adherence to the above SEBI Circulars, the Company had made necessary newspaper advertisements to publicise the 
opening of the special window. 
 The applicability of this window has been explained as below:-
Execution Date of Transfer Deed Lodged for transfer before April 
01, 2019?
Original Security 
Certificate 
Available?
Eligible to lodge 
in the current 
window?
Before April 01, 2019 No (it is fresh lodgement) Yes ✓
Before April 01, 2019 Yes (it was rejected/ returned earlier) Yes ✓
Before April 01, 2019 Yes No x
Before April 01, 2019 No No x
 Further, investors please note that the following cases will not be considered under this window: 
•	 Cases involving disputes between transferor and transferee;
•	 Securities which have been transferred to Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF).
 During this special window, the re-lodged transfer requests that are found to be in order and complete in all respects in line with 
the SEBI circular, will be issued only in dematerialised form and shall be under lock-in for a period of one year from the date of 
registration of transfer. Such shares shall not be transferred/ lien-marked/pledged during the said lock-in period.
13. To prevent fraudulent transactions, members are advised to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any change in 
address or demise of any member as soon as possible. Members are also advised to not leave their demat account(s) dormant 
for	long.	Periodic	statement	of	holdings	should	be	obtained	from	the	concerned	DP	and	holdings	should	be	verified	from	time	
to time.

[page 11]
|| 8 ||
14. ‘SWAYAM’ is a secure, user friendly web-based application, developed by MUFG Intime India Private Limited, RTA of the 
Company,	that	empowers	members	to	effortlessly	access	various	services.	We	request	you	to	get	registered	and	have	first-
hand experience of the portal. This application can be accessed at https://swayam.in.mpms.mufg.com/. For effective resolution 
of Service Requests i.e Generate and Track Service Requests/complaints can be done through SWAYAM.
15. The	Company	is	maintaining	the	“INVESTORS	SERVICE	CELL”	at	its	Corporate	Office	at	SCO	49-50,	Sector	26,	Madhya	
Marg, Chandigarh- 160019.
16. SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/ OIAE_IAD-1/P/ CIR/2023/131 dated July 31, 2023 (subsequently amended as 
on	December	28,	2023,	December	20,	2023	and	August	4,	2023)	has	specified	that	a	member	shall	first	take	up	his/her/
their grievance with the listed entity by lodging a complaint directly with the concerned listed entity and if the grievance is 
not redressed satisfactorily, the member may, in accordance with the SCORES guidelines, escalate the same through the 
SCORES Portal in accordance with the process laid out therein. Only after exhausting all available options for resolution of 
the	grievance,	if	the	member	is	not	satisfied	with	the	outcome,	he/she/they	can	initiate	dispute	resolution	through	the	Online	
Dispute Resolution (“ODR”) Portal. The SMART ODR Portal can be accessed at: https://smartodr.in/login or the same can be 
accessed through the company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-information#online-dispute-resolution-
odr-scores-20 . Members are requested to take note of the same.
17. Members having any queries relating to Annual Report are requested to send their queries at least seven (7) days before the 
date of the AGM.
18. Members can inspect the Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and their shareholding, required to be 
maintained under Section 170 of the Act, and Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the Directors are interested, to 
be	maintained	under	Section	189	of	the	Act,	alongwith	the	certificate	obtained	from	the	Secretarial	Auditor	in	respect	of	the	
ongoing Employee Stock Option Scheme of the Company as prescribed under the Regulation 13 of the SEBI (Share Based 
Employee	Benefits	and	Sweat	Equity)	Regulations,	2021,	during	the	course	of	the	meeting	at	the	venue.
19. Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) related information:
 Pursuant to section 124, 125 and applicable provisions of the Act read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“the Rules”), all unpaid or unclaimed dividends are required 
to be transferred by the Company to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority established by the Central 
Government, after completion of seven years from the date of transfer to Unclaimed/Unpaid Dividend Account of the Company. 
Further, according to the Rules, the shares in respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed by the shareholders for 
seven(7) consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to the de-mat account of the IEPF Authority. The said requirement 
does	not	apply	to	shares	in	respect	of	which	there	is	a	specific	order	of	Court,	Tribunal	or	Statutory	Authority,	restraining	transfer	
of the shares.
 In view of this, members who have not encashed their dividends are requested to claim the same from the Company, within the 
stipulated timeline. Also, the members, whose unclaimed dividends/shares have been transferred to IEPF, may claim the same 
by making an online application to the IEPF Authority in web Form No. IEPF-5 available on www.iepf.gov.in / www.mca.gov.in. 
For details, please refer to Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this Annual Report.
	 During	 the	financial	year	under	review,	the	Company	had	sent	individual	notices	and	also	advertised	in	the	newspapers	i.e.	
both national (English) and local (Punjabi) seeking action from the shareholders who have not claimed their dividends for seven 
years or more. Accordingly, the Company had transferred the unclaimed/unpaid dividend for the FY 2017-18 (Final Dividend) 
and corresponding shares to the IEPF Authority as follows: 
Particulars Amount of Dividend No. of shares (FV Rs. 1/-)
2017-18 (Final Dividend) Rs. 5,84,132.00 95747
 During	the	financial	year	(FY)	2026-27,	the	company	would	be	transferring	unpaid	or	unclaimed	dividend	amount	for	the	FY	
2018-19 (Final Dividend) within 30 days from the due date of transferring the amount to IEPF i.e. 05.11.2026. Further, the 
Company is also required to transfer the shares in respect of which dividends have not claimed for seven (7) consecutive 
years from the FY 2018-19 (Final Dividend) to the demat account of the IEPF Authority. The Company has sent individual 
intimations to concerned shareholders indicating that such shares shall be transferred to IEPF Authority and also advertised in 
the newspapers seeking action from said shareholders. Accordingly, the concerned members are requested to claim the unpaid 
or unclaimed dividend for FY 2018-19 (Final Dividend) on or before due date for transfer to IEPF.  
 Members are requested to note the following date(s) for claiming the unpaid or unclaimed dividend declared by the company 
for the FY 2018-19 and thereafter:
Financial year Date of Dividend Dividend per share Due date for transfer to IEPF 
2018-19 30-09-2019 Rs. 4.00 05-11-2026
2020-21 30-09-2021 Rs. 2.00 05-11-2028
2021-22 30-09-2022 Rs. 3.75 05-11-2029

[page 12]
|| 9 ||
2022-23 23-08-2023 Rs. 1.00 29-09-2030
2023-24 30-09-2024 Rs. 1.00 05-11-2031
2024-25 30-09-2025 Rs. 1.25 05-11-2032
 Further, IEPF Authority, under the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, had launched a 100-day campaign titled “Saksham Niveshak”,  
from 28th July, 2025 to 6th November 2025 as a special reminder to update KYC and bank details to claim Equity Shares and 
Unpaid/Unclaimed Dividend prior to the transfer to the IEPF. The shareholders were requested to register/update their KYC and 
bank account details with RTA/ Depository Participant to receive the dividend electronically. A similar second 100-day campaign 
was again launched by the IEPF Authority which started from 1 st April, 2026 till 9 th July, 2026.  The Company had through 
newspaper publications, stock Exchange Intimations and Website updations made aware of the same to the shareholders of 
the Company. Accordingly, the shareholders of the company are encouraged to claim their dividends and update necessary 
KYC details in order to prevent the transfer of shares/ dividend to the IEPF Authority. 
20. The cut-off date for the purpose of determining the members eligible for participating in remote e-voting (e-voting from a 
place other than venue of the AGM) and voting at the AGM is 23.09.2026. Please note that the members can opt for only one 
mode of voting i.e., either by voting at the meeting or remote e-voting. If members opt for remote e-voting, then they should 
not vote at the Meeting. However, once e-voting on a resolution is cast by a Member, such member is not permitted to change 
it subsequently or cast the vote again. Members, who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the date of the Meeting, 
can attend and participate in the Meeting but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
21. Intimation of details of the agreement, if any, under the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015:  Members are informed that in 
terms of the provisions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Company is required to intimate the Stock Exchanges the 
details of the agreements entered into by the shareholders, promoter(s), members of the promoter(s) group, related parties, 
directors, key managerial personnel, employees of the Company or of its holding, subsidiary or associate company, among 
themselves or with the Company or with a third party, solely or jointly, which, either directly or indirectly or potentially or whose 
purpose and effect is to, impact the management or control of the Company or impose any restriction or create any liability upon 
the Company, including disclosure of any rescission, amendment or alteration of such agreements thereto, whether or not the 
Company is a party to such agreements. 
 Accordingly, it is hereby advised to the members to inform the Company about such agreement to which the Company is not a 
party, within two (2) working days of entering into such agreements or signing an agreement to enter into such agreements. The 
Company will inform the details of such agreements to the Stock Exchanges on it becoming aware of it within the prescribed 
timelines. 
 [Explanation: For the purpose of this clause, the term “directly or indirectly” includes agreements creating an obligation on the 
parties to such agreements to ensure that the listed entity shall or shall not act in a particular manner.]
22. Voting through electronic means
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time and Regulation 44 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time 
to time, the Company is pleased to provide members, a facility to exercise their right to vote on the resolutions proposed to be 
passed in the 40th AGM by electronic means through remote e-voting services provided by MUFG Intime India Private Limited 
(hereinafter “MIIPL” or “RTA”) through their e-voting website “InstaVOTE”. It may be noted that this e-voting facility is optional. 
Since the Company is providing the facility of remote e-voting to the shareholders, there shall be no voting by show of hands 
at the said meeting. 
 The instructions to Members for voting electronically are as under:
a. The remote e-voting period will commence on Sunday, 27.09.2026 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and will end on Tuesday, 
29.09.2026 at 5:00 p.m. (IST). During this period members of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in 
dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date i.e. Wednesday, 23.09.2026, may cast their vote electronically. The remote 
e-voting module shall be disabled by MIIPL for voting thereafter. The members are requested to note that once vote on a 
resolution is cast electronically, he/she shall not be allowed to change it subsequently or cast vote again.
b. The voting rights of members shall be in proportion to their shares in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as 
on	cut-off	date.	A	person,	whose	name	is	recorded	in	the	Register	of	Members	or	in	the	Register	of	Beneficial	Owners	
maintained by the depositories as on the cut-off date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-Voting as well as 
voting at the meeting through ballot paper.
c. Further, pursuant to SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, the 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode can register directly with the depository or will have the option of 
accessing various E-voting Service Providers (“ESPs”) portals directly from their demat account.
d. In	order	to	increase	the	efficiency	of	the	voting	process,	and	pursuant	to	Section	VI-C	of	the	SEBI	Master	Circular	
No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, the demat account holders, are provided a 
single login credential, through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account 

[page 13]
|| 10 ||
holders will now be able to cast their vote without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby facilitating seamless 
authentication and convenience of participating in remote e-voting process. 
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode/ physical mode is given below:
Type of 
shareholders
Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL
METHOD 1 - NSDL OTP based login
a) Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp 
b)	 Enter	your	8	-	character	DP	ID,	8	-	digit	Client	Id,	PAN,	Verification	code	and	generate	OTP.	
c) Enter the OTP received on your registered email ID/ mobile number and click on login. 
d) Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website wherein you 
will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” 
under e-Voting services. 
e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be 
redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.
METHOD 2 - NSDL IDeAS facility 
Shareholders registered for IDeAS facility: 
a) Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com	and	click	on	“Beneficial	Owner”	icon	under	“IDeAS	Login	
Section”.
b)	 Enter	IDeAS	User	ID,	Password,	Verification	code	&	click	on	“Log-in”.
c) Post successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added 
services section. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services. 
d) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be 
redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.
Shareholders not registered for IDeAS facility: 
a) To register, visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com and select  “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” 
or click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
b)	 Enter	8-character	DP	ID,	8-digit	Client	ID,	Mobile	no,	Verification	code	&	click	on	“Submit”.
c) Enter the last 4 digits of your bank account / generate ‘OTP’
d) Post successful registration, user will be provided with Login ID and password. 
e) Follow steps given above in points (a-d). 
METHOD 3 - NSDL e-voting website
a) Visit URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com   
 b) Click on the “Login” tab available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
 c) Enter User ID (i.e., your 16-digit demat account no. held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification	Code	as	shown	on	the	screen	&	click	on	“Login”.	
d) Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website wherein 
you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to 
e-Voting” under e-Voting services. 
e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will 
be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with CDSL
1. Users who have registered for CDSL Easi/Easiest facility:
a) Visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login or Visit URL: 
www.cdslindia.com, click on “Login” and select “My Easi New (Token)”.
b) Enter existing username, Password & click on “Login”.
c) Post successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting option. The evoting option will 
have links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting 
link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for 
casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.

[page 14]
|| 11 ||
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with CDSL
2.  Users who have not registered for CDSL Easi/Easiest facility:
a) To register, visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/EasiRegistration / 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/EasiestRegistration.
b) Proceed	with	updating	the	required	fields	for	registration.
c) Post successful registration, user will be provided username and password on the registered 
email id. Follow steps given above in points (a-c) at point 1 above.
3. By directly visiting the e-voting website of CDSL:
a) Visit URL: https://www.cdslindia.com.
b) Go to e-voting tab. 
c) Enter 16-digit Demat Account Number (BO ID) and PAN No. and click on “Submit”.
d) System will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile and Email as recorded 
in Demat Account 
e) Post successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting option. The evoting option will 
have links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting 
link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for 
casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with depository 
participants
Individual shareholders can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through 
your depository participant registered with NSDL / CDSL for e-voting facility. 
a) Login to DP website
b) After Successful login, user shall navigate through “e-voting” option.  
c) Click on e-voting option, user will be redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository website after 
successful authentication, wherein user can see e-voting feature.
d) Post successful authentication, click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside 
Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during 
the remote e-voting period. 
Login method 
for Individual 
shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
physical mode / 
Non-Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode
Shareholders holding shares in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode as on the cut-off date for e-voting may register and vote on InstaVote as under:
STEP 1: LOGIN / SIGNUP on InstaVote
Shareholders registered for INSTAVOTE facility:
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
b) Enter details as under:
1.User ID: Enter User ID
2. Password: Enter existing Password
3.	 Enter	Image	Verification	(CAPTCHA)	Code
4. Click “Submit”. 
 (Home page of e-voting will open. Follow the process given under “Steps to cast vote for Resolutions”)
Shareholders not registered for INSTAVOTE facility:
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “Sign Up” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & 
register with details as under: 


[page 15]
|| 12 ||
Login method 
for Individual 
shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
physical form / 
Non-Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode
1. User ID: Enter User ID
2. PAN: Enter your 10-digit Permanent Account Number (PAN) (Shareholders who have not 
updated their PAN with the Depository Participant (DP)/ Company shall use the sequence 
number provided to you, if applicable. 
3. DOB/DOI: Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / Date of Incorporation (DOI) (As recorded with your 
DP/Company - in DD/MM/YYYY format) 
4. Bank Account Number: Enter your Bank Account Number (last four digits), as recorded with your 
DP/Company.
o Shareholders, holding shares in NSDL form, shall provide ‘point 4’ above.
o Shareholders, holding shares in CDSL form, shall provide ‘point 3’ or ‘point 4’ above.
o Shareholders, holding shares in physical form but have not recorded ‘point 3’ and ‘point 4’, 
shall provide their Folio number in ‘point 4’ above
5. Set the password of your choice. 
 (The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one special Character (!#$&*), at 
least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter). 
6.	 Enter	Image	Verification	(CAPTCHA)	Code.
7. Click “Submit” (You have now registered on InstaVote). 
            Post successful registration, click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & follow  steps 
given above in points (a-b).
STEP 2: Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote
A. Post successful authentication and redirection to InstaVote inbox page, you will be able to see 
the	“Notification	for	e-voting”.	
B. Select ‘View’ icon. E-voting page will appear. 
C. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / 
Against’	(If	you	wish	to	view	the	entire	Resolution	details,	click	on	the	‘View	Resolution’	file	link).	
D. After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’. 
E. A	confirmation	box	will	be	displayed.	If	you	wish	to	confirm	your	vote,	click	on	‘Yes’,	else	to	
change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote. 
NOTE: Shareholders may click on “Vote as per Proxy Advisor’s Recommendation” option and 
view proxy advisor recommendations for each resolution before casting vote. “Vote as per Proxy 
Advisor’s Recommendation” option provides access to expert insights during the e-Voting process. 
Shareholders	may	modify	their	vote	before	final	submission.
Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it subsequently.
Non-Individual Body corporate shareholders shall send a scanned copy of the board resolution 
authorising its representative to vote, to the scrutinizer at registered email address  with a copy 
marked to RTA at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com and the company at registered email address.
Guidelines for 
Institutional 
shareholders 
(“Custodian / 
Corporate Body/ 
Mutual Fund 
Registration”):
STEP 1 – Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund Registration
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in   
b) Click on “Sign Up” under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” 
c) Fill up your entity details and submit the form. 
d) A declaration form and organization ID is generated and sent to the Primary contact person email 
ID	(which	is	filled	at	the	time	of	sign	up).	The	said	form	is	to	be	signed	by	the	Authorised	Signatory,	
Director, Company Secretary of the entity & stamped and sent to insta.vote@linkintime.co.in.  
e) Thereafter, Login credentials (User ID; Organisation ID; Password) is sent to Primary contact 
person’s email ID. (You have now registered on InstaVote)

[page 16]
|| 13 ||
Guidelines for 
Institutional 
shareholders 
(“Custodian / 
Corporate Body/ 
Mutual Fund 
Registration”):
STEP 2 –Investor Mapping 
A. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials. 
B. Click on “Investor Mapping” tab under the Menu section 
C. Map the Investor with the following details: 
1) ‘Investor ID’ – Investor ID for NSDL demat account is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 
Digit Client ID i.e., IN00000012345678; Investor ID for CDSL demat account is 16 Digit 
Beneficiary	ID.
2) ‘Investor’s Name - Enter Investor’s Name as updated with DP. 
3) ‘Investor PAN’ - Enter your 10-digit PAN. 
4) ‘Power of Attorney’ - Attach Board resolution or Power of Attorney. 
NOTE: File Name for the Board resolution/ Power of Attorney shall be – DP ID and Client 
ID	or	16	Digit	Beneficiary	ID.	
Further, Custodians and Mutual Funds shall also upload specimen signatures. 
D. Click on Submit button. (The investor is now mapped with the Custodian / Corporate Body/ 
Mutual Fund Entity). The same can be viewed under the “Report section”.  
STEP 3 – Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote
The corporate shareholder can vote by two methods, during the remote e-voting period. 
METHOD 1 - VOTES ENTRY 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials. 
b) Click on “Votes Entry” tab under the Menu section. 
c) Enter the “Event No.” for which you want to cast vote. 
Event No. can be viewed on the home page of InstaVote under “On-going Events”.  
d) Enter “16-digit Demat Account No.”.
e) Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / 
Against’	(If	you	wish	to	view	the	entire	Resolution	details,	click	on	the	‘View	Resolution’	file	link).	
After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’. 
f) A	confirmation	box	will	be	displayed.	If	you	wish	to	confirm	your	vote,	click	on	‘Yes’,	else	to	
change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote. 
     (Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it 
subsequently).
METHOD 2 - VOTES UPLOAD
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials.
b) After	successful	login,	you	will	see	“Notification	for	e-voting”.			
c) Select “View” icon for “Company’s Name / Event number”. 
d) E-voting page will appear. 
e) Download	sample	vote	file	from	“Download	Sample	Vote	File”	tab.	
f) Cast	your	vote	by	selecting	your	desired	option	‘Favour	/	Against’	in	the	sample	vote	file	and	
upload the same under “Upload Vote File” option. 
g) Click on ‘Submit’. ‘Data uploaded successfully’ message will be displayed. 
(Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it 
subsequently).
NOTE: Non-Individual Body corporate shareholders  shall send a scanned copy of the board 
resolution authorising its representative to vote, to the scrutinizer at registered email address with a 
copy marked to RTA at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com and the company at registered email address.
e. Helpdesk for Shareholders
i. Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode:
 Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode facing 
any technical issue in login may contact INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending a request at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com or 
contact on: - Tel: 022 – 4918 6000.

[page 17]
|| 14 ||
ii. Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode:
 Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode may contact the respective helpdesk for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending request at  evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at: 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800 22 55 33 
f. Forgot Password:
i) Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode:
 Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” 
option available on: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
	 Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.          
	 Further Click on “forgot password?” 
	 Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter 
	 	Image	Verification	code	(CAPTCHA).	
	 Click on “SUBMIT”.
 In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the shareholder 
can use the “Forgot Password” option available on: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
	 Click on ‘Login’ under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” tab 
	 Further Click on “forgot password?” 
	 Enter	User	ID,	Organization	ID	and	Enter	Image	Verification	code	(CAPTCHA).	
	 Click on “SUBMIT”.
 In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address. Shareholders 
can set the password of his/her choice by providing information about the particulars of the Security Question and Answer, 
PAN, DOB/DOI etc. The password should contain a minimum of 8 characters, at least one special character (!#$&*), at 
least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter.
ii) Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten the password: 
 Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both, 
then the Shareholders are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at above mentioned 
depository/ depository participants website.
g. General Guidelines for shareholders:
•	 During the voting period, shareholders/members can login any number of times till they have voted on all the 
resolution(s) for a particular “Event No.”.
•	 Shareholders holding multiple folios/demat account shall choose the voting process separately for each of the folios/
demat account.
•	 Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and becomes member of the Company after dispatch of the Notice 
and holding shares as on the cut-off date i.e. 23.09.2026, may follow the same instructions as mentioned above 
for remote e-voting. A person who is not a member as on the cut-off date should treat this Notice for information 
purposes only.
•	 It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password	confidential.	
•	 For shareholders/ members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for voting on the resolutions 
contained in this Notice.


[page 18]
|| 15 ||
23. The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership 
No. FCS 4241 and C.P. No. 3582) proprietor of M/s S.K. Sikka & Associates, as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the voting and 
remote e-voting process for this AGM in a fair and transparent manner. He has communicated his willingness for appointment 
as scrutinizer and will be available for same purpose.
	 The	 Scrutinizer	shall	immediately	after	the	conclusion	of	voting	at	the	AGM,	first	count	the	votes	cast	during	the	AGM,	thereafter	
unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting, in the presence of at least two witnesses (who shall not be in the employment 
of the Company). Thereafter, Scrutinizer shall give a consolidated report, specifying the total votes cast in favour or against, if 
any, within two working days of conclusion of the meeting, which is within the time stipulated under the applicable laws, to the 
Chairman or any director or the person authorized by him in writing who shall countersign the same.
 The Chairman or any Director or the person authorized by him in writing shall declare the result of the voting forthwith. 
The results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/
investors/meetings#voting-results-scrutinizer-report and on the website of the RTA immediately after the results are declared 
by the Chairman and shall also be communicated to the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited (BSE) and The National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) where the shares of the Company are listed.
 The resolutions proposed will be deemed to have been passed on the date of the AGM i.e. 30.09.2026, subject to the receipt 
of requisite number of votes in favour of the resolution. 
24. All documents referred to in the accompanying Notice and the Explanatory Statement shall be open for inspection at the 
Registered	Office	(i.e.	Village	Somalheri/	Lehli,	P.O.	Dappar,	Tehsil	Derabassi,	Distt.	SAS	Nagar,	Mohali,	Punjab-140506)	and	
Corporate	office	(i.e.	SCO	49-50,	Sector	26,	Madhya	Marg,	Chandigarh-160019)	of	the	Company	during	normal	business	
hours (9:00 am to 5:00 pm) (IST) on all working days up to and including the date of AGM of the Company.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Place: Chandigarh                                                                                Kanika Sapra
Date: 03.09.2026                    Company Secretary
                                                                                                          Membership No. ACS 56875

[page 19]
|| 16 ||
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (“THE ACT”), SECRETARIAL 
STANDARD ON GENERAL MEETINGS (SS-2) AND REGULATION 36 OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 {“SEBI (LODR) REGULATIONS, 2015”}
ITEM NO. 5 & 6 
In terms of the provisions contained in the Section 180(1)(c) & 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter “the Act”), read 
with rules made thereunder, the Board of Directors of the Company shall exercise the following powers only with the consent of the 
shareholders of the company accorded by way of a special resolution :-
i. To borrow money in excess of the aggregate of the paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities premium of the Company, 
apart from temporary loans obtained from the company’s bankers in the ordinary course of the business.
ii. To create charge, mortgage, hypothecation, lien, pledge over its assets/properties in favor of lenders;
Accordingly in compliance to the aforesaid provisions, the members of the Company in their 31 st Annual General Meeting held on 
28th September, 2017, had authorized the Board of Directors of the company to borrow any sum or sums of money, from time to 
time, for the purpose of the business of the Company, from any Indian or Foreign Bank (s), Financial Institution (s) and/or any other 
Indian	or	foreign	lending	institutions	or	Persons,	firms,	bodies	corporate,	or	any	other	person	on	such	terms	and	conditions	and	with	
or	without	security(ies)	as	the	Board	of	Directors	may	in	its	discretion	think	fit,	upto	an	amount	not	exceeding	Rs.	2000.00	Crores	
(Indian Rupees Two Thousand Crores Only) (apart from the temporary loans obtained from the Company’s Banker in the ordinary 
course of Business). 
However, in view of the company’s anticipated future business requirements and potential expansion initiatives, the Company would 
require,	from	time	to	time,	additional	funds	to	meet	the	existing	and	future	financial	requirements	of	the	Company.	It	is	therefore	
proposed that the existing borrowing limits of INR 2000.00 Crores (Indian Rupees Two Thousand Crores Only) be increased to      
INR 3500.00 Crores (Indian Rupees Three thousand and Five Hundred Crores Only) (apart from the temporary loans obtained from 
the Company’s Banker in the ordinary course of Business). 
Since the proposed borrowing powers exceed the limit of aggregate of paid-up capital, free reserves and securities premium of the 
Company, the approval of shareholders of the Company is required, in compliance with the provisions of Section 180(1)(c) of the Act.
Further, in order to secure such borrowings, the Company would have to mortgage/charge/ hypothecate the assets and properties 
of the Company, both present and future, as may be required by lenders etc., which requires shareholders’  approval under section 
180 (1)(a) of the Act.
Therefore your Board recommends the resolutions as set out in Item Nos. 5 & 6 as Special Resolutions for your approval.
None of the Directors or the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is in any way concerned or interested 
financially	or	otherwise	in	the	resolutions	mentioned	at	item	Nos.	5	&	6	of	this	Notice,	except	to	the	extent	of	their	respective	
shareholding in the Company, if any.
 
By Order of the Board of Directors
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Place: Chandigarh                                                                                Kanika Sapra                                                                                   
Date: 03.09.2026                                                            Company Secretary
         Membership No. ACS56875 

[page 20]
|| 17 ||
Annexure I
DETAILS OF DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT AT THE 40th ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF THE COMPANY.
Name of Director Sh. Dheeraj Garg Sh. Sanjay Garg 
Directors 
Identification 
Number (DIN)
00034926 00030956
Age/ 
Date of Birth
54 years 
(11.05.1972)
58 years 
(09.09.1968)
Qualification B.S (Finance) Cost & Works Accountant(CWA), Bachelors of Law
Brief Resume and 
Expertise in specific 
functional areas
Sh. Dheeraj Garg has been associated with 
Company	 for	 almost	 33	 years.	 He	 was	 first	
appointed as an Executive Director on 29.04.1993 
and was subsequently elevated as the Managing 
Director of the Company. He belongs to promoter 
category of the company. His leadership and  
valuable guidance has contributed immensely to 
the growth of the company which is evident from 
the	financial	results	thereof.	Over	the	years,	he	
has been able to build a highly motivated and 
effective management team, which has fully 
aligned and focused priorities. He possesses 
extensive	 experience	 in	 the	 field	 of	 finance,	
Corporate Strategy, Business development, 
planning and Business Management. His 
collaborative leadership style is focused on 
achieving objectives through teamwork and to 
take projects through from concept to reality.
Sh.	Sanjay	Garg	is	a	well-qualified	and	experienced	
professional. He has held various Managerial/ 
Advisory positions in Steel Strips Group. He 
possesses appropriate skills, experience and 
knowledge in various functional areas mainly Legal, 
Corporate Strategies, Business Management 
and other disciplines related to the Company’s 
business.
Terms and 
Conditions of 
Appointment/ Re-
appointment
As per existing terms and conditions approved by 
the members of the Company at their 37th Annual 
General Meeting held on 23.08.2023.
As per the resolution passed by the members of the 
company at the 34 th Annual General Meeting held 
on 30.09.2020, Sh. Sanjay Garg was appointed 
as a Non-Executive Director of the company w.e.f. 
24.08.2020, liable to retire by rotation.
Remuneration last 
drawn (including 
sitting fee if any)
Rs. 1329.47 lakhs during FY 2025-26. For details 
please refer Corporate Governance Report 
section of the Annual Report 2025-26
Paid sitting fees for attending Board Meetings 
during FY 2025-26. For more details, please refer 
Corporate Governance Report section of the 
Annual Report 2025-26.
Remuneration 
proposed to be paid
As per existing terms and conditions approved by 
the members of the Company at their 37th Annual 
General Meeting held on 23.08.2023.
As per Nomination and Remuneration policy of the 
Company.
Date of First 
Appointment on the 
Board
29.04.1993 24.08.2020
Shareholding in the 
Company
46402280 equity shares as on March 31, 2026 as 
well as on the date of this Notice.
NIL as on March 31, 2026 as well as on the date of 
this Notice.
Shareholding of 
Non-Executive 
Directors as a 
beneficial owner
NA NIL
Relationship with 
other Director/
Key Managerial 
Personnel 
He  is the son of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg, 
Chairman & Non-Executive Director  of the 
Company. He is not related to any other Director/ 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.
He is not related to any other director/ Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company.

[page 21]
|| 18 ||
Number of meetings 
of the Board 
attended during the 
financial year 
Please refer Corporate Governance Report 
section of the Annual Report 2025-26
Please refer Corporate Governance Report section 
of the Annual Report 2025-26
Directorships held in 
other  companies 
Indian Acrylics Ltd. •	 SAB Industries Limited
•	 Steel Strips Infrastructures Limited
•	 Malwa Chemtex Udyog Ltd
•	 Indlon Chemicals Limited
•	 Munak International Pvt Ltd
•	 Chandigarh Aircraft Management Services 
Private Limited
•	 Munak Financiers Private Limited
•	 SAB Udyog Limited
•	 S J Mercantile Private Limited
•	 Steel Strips Holdings Private Limited
•	 Munak Investments Pvt Ltd
•	 Indian Acrylics Investments Ltd
•	 Steel Strips Mercantile Private Limited
•	 S S Credits Pvt Ltd
•	 Malwa Holdings Pvt Ltd
•	 SAB Developers Private Limited
Memberships/
Chairmanships 
of committees of 
Board of Directors 
of the company 
(includes only 
Audit Committee 
and Stakeholders 
Relationship 
Committee)
NIL NIL
Memberships/
chairmanships 
of committees of 
other  companies 
(includes only 
Audit Committee 
and Stakeholders 
Relationship 
Committee)
Indian Acrylics Limited- 
•	Audit Committee (Member)
•	Stakeholders Relationship Committee 
(Member)
 
SAB Industries Limited :- 
•	Stakeholders Relationship Committee (Member)
Steel Strips Infrastructure Limited:-
•	Stakeholders Relationship Committee (Member)
SAB Udyog Limited-
•	Audit Committee (Chairman)
Listed Companies 
from which the 
Director has 
resigned in the past 
three years
NIL NIL

[page 22]
|| 19 ||
BOARD’S 
                REPORT
Dear Members,
Your Directors take pleasure in presenting the 40th (Fortieth) Annual Report on the business and operations of Steel Strips Wheels 
Limited (“the Company” or “SSWL”) together with Audited Financial Statements (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for 
the	financial	year	(FY)	ended	31.03.2026.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
              (Rs. in Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars Standalone Consolidated
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
A) Revenue from Operations 5,18,280.25 4,42,899.83 5,18,280.25 4,42,899.83
B) Other Income 1,187.06 1,343.91 316.42 316.76
C) Total Income (A+B)        5,19,467.31 4,44,243.74 5,18,596.67 4,43,216.59
D) Total Expenditures (excl. Finance Cost, depreciation 
and amortization) 4,67,171.71 3,94,218.38 4,67,256.63 3,94,465.84
E) Profit before interest, depreciation and 
amortization 52,295.60 50,025.36 51,340.04 48,750.75
F) Finance Cost      12,321.67 11,723.11 12,321.82 11,724.30
G) Depreciation and amortization expenses 12,878.92 10,100.88 13,604.99 11,113.26
H) Profit before Exceptional Item and tax 27,095.01 28,201.37 25,413.23 25,913.19
I) Exceptional Item - - - -
J) Profit Before Tax After exceptional item 27,095.01 28,201.37 25,413.23 25,913.19
K) Share of profit/(loss) from Associates - - 1.22 (13.91)
L) Profit before tax 27,095.01 28,201.37 25,414.45 25,899.28
M)
Tax expense
Current tax
Deferred tax
Prior year tax adjustments
6,516.00
362.27
8.01
6,602.85
606.20
(2.69)
6,516.00
(131.36)
8.01
6602.85
(229.33)
(2.69)
N) Profit after tax 20,208.73 20,995.01 19,021.80 19,528.45
O) Other Comprehensive Income (Net of Tax) 75.73 (77.70) 75.73 (77.70)
P) Total Comprehensive Income for the period  (N+O) 20,284.46 20,917.31 19,097.53 19,450.75
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND STATE OF AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY
During	the	financial	year	(FY)	2025-26,	the	global	environment	remained	fragile,	with	growth	holding	up	better	than	expected	but	
risks	elevated	amid	intensifying	geopolitical	tensions,	trade	fragmentation	and	financial	vulnerabilities.	The	year	began	with	a	shock	
on the whole of the world’s economy when the US administration announced reciprocal tariffs on most countries, targeting trade 
deficits.	However,	none	of	the	countries	in	the	world	retaliated	directly,	nor	the	global	economy	entered	into	recession.	In	contrast,	
there	has	been	a	significant	increase	in	trade	negotiations	among	economies	of	different	sizes	to	reduce	their	dependence	on	
both	China	and	the	United	States.	Further,	the	conclusion	of	the	financial	year	delivered	another	stagflationary	shock	to	the	world	
economy	due	to	the	West	Asia	war,	the	impact	of	which	is	expected	to	come	out	in	phases	in	the	upcoming	financial	years.	
Despite	of	the	aforesaid	significant	turbulence,	the	Global	economy	grew	at	an	estimated	rate	of	3.4%	in	2025.	Global	economic	
growth is projected to slow down with a growth rate of 2.9% in 2026 before recovering to 3.5% in 2027. Advanced economies 
are expected to grow by 1.5% in 2026, while growth in emerging market and developing economies is projected at 4.0%. Global 
headline	inflation	is	projected	to	increase	to	4.4%	in	2026	and	3.7%	in	2027,	pausing	its	previous	decline	due	to	higher	energy	
and	food	prices.	However,	these	forecasts	assume	an	early	end	to	the	disruptions	caused	by	the	West	Asia	conflict.	In	reality,	the	
pace	of	disinflation	remains	vulnerable	to	energy	price	shocks.	Elevated	oil	and	gas	prices	could	reintroduce	cost	push	inflationary	
pressures, complicate monetary easing paths and increasing input cost volatility for industrial sectors. (Source: https://www.imf.
org/-/media/files/publications/weo/2026/april/english/text.pdf
As per provisional estimates released by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation (MoSPI) in June 2026, India’s 
real	GDP	—	output	adjusted	for	inflation	—	grew	by	7.7%	in	FY	2025–26,	accelerating	from	7.1%	in	FY	2024–25.	The	manufacturing	
sector was a standout performer, expanding in double digits at 10.7%, while services and private consumption also recorded strong 
gains,	reflecting	resilient	domestic	demand.
The latest data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) show that FY 2025-26 has been a landmark year 
for the Indian Automobile industry, supported by a series of structural policy reforms that have strengthened demand fundamentals 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _  

[page 23]
|| 20 ||
and	significantly	boosted	consumer	confidence.	However,	uncertainties	arising	from	the	West	Asia	conflict,	particularly	prices	of	
Crude Oil and Commodities, higher exchange rates and disruptions in Shipping Routes, remains a concern for the Auto Sector. 
Stable	geopolitical	environment	will	help	build	confidence	of	the	industry,	which	can	in-turn	drive	further	growth	Auto	Industry’s	
performance in 2026-27.
Following the Industry trends, your Company performed satisfactorily and effectively managed its operations, supported by an 
improved sales	mix.	
Further,	your	company’s	financial	results	for	the	FY	2025-26	were	consolidated	with	that	of	AMW	Autocomponent	Limited	(AACL),	
Wholly owned subsidiary as well as Clean Max Astria Private Limited (CMAPL), the Associate Company. 
A	brief	on	the	financial	performance	of	your	company	during	the	financial	year	under	review	on	both	standalone	and	consolidated	
basis is given as below: -
On standalone basis:
•	 the Total Income	for	the	financial	year	under	review	rose	to	Rs.		5,19,467.31	lakhs	as	compared	to	Rs.	4,44,243.74	lakhs	in	
FY 2024-25, thereby recording an increase of 16.93%. 
•	 In terms of number of wheel rims,	the	Company	has	achieved	sales	of	196.96	Lakh	units	for	the	financial	year	under	review	
as against 190.91 lakh units during the FY 2024-25, thereby recording an increase of 3.17%.
•	 In terms of number of Aluminum Steering knuckles (“Knuckle”), the Company has achieved sales of 257147 units for the 
financial	year	under	review	as	against	46952	units	during	the	FY	2024-25.
•	 Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA) 	for	the	financial	year	under	review	rose	to	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
Rs. 52,295.60 lakhs as compared to Rs. 50,025.36 lakhs in FY 2024-25, thereby recording an increase of 4.54%.
•	 the Profit before Tax	for	the	financial	year	under	review	has	slightly	decreased	to	Rs.	27,095.01  lakhs from Rs. 28,201.37 
lakhs in FY 2024-25 marking a decline of 3.92%.The Profit after Tax (before Other Comprehensive Income) has also slightly 
decreased to Rs. 20,208.73 lakhs from Rs. 20,995.01 lakhs, thereby resulting in a decrease of 3.75%.
On consolidated basis:
•	 the Total Income	for	the	financial	year	under	review	rose	to	Rs.	5,18,596.67	lakhs	as	compared	to	Rs.	4,43,216.59	lakhs	in	FY	
2024-25, thereby recording an increase of 17.01%.
•	 EBITDA	for	the	financial	year	under	review	stood	at	Rs.	51,340.04	lakhs	as	compared	to	Rs.	48,750.75	lakhs	in	FY	2024-25,	
thereby recording an increase of 5.31%.
•	 The Profit before Tax	after	exceptional	item	for	the	financial	year	under	review	decreased	to	Rs.	25,414.45	lakhs	from	
Rs. 25,899.28 lakhs in FY 2024-25 thereby recording a decrease of 1.87% . Similarly, the Profit after Tax  (before Other 
Comprehensive	Income)	for	the	financial	year	under	review	decreased	to	Rs.	19,021.80 lakhs from Rs. 19,528.45 lakhs in FY 
2024-25, recording a decrease of 2.60%.
KEY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT 
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company	approved	the	following	:
•	 Setting up of a new manufacturing unit for Alloy Wheels at Bhuj, Gujarat. The proposed unit is expected to expand the 
Company’s production capacity by 1.2 million units per annum;
•	 Setting up of a new manufacturing unit for Aluminum Steering Knuckles at Bhuj, Gujarat. The proposed unit is expected to 
expand the Company’s production capacity by 0.6 million units per annum.
Your company is under process of obtaining necessary statutory and regulatory approvals and clearances, as may be required, for 
the aforesaid expansions. 
SUBSIDIARY, ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURE
As on 31.03.2026, the Company had following subsidiary and associate companies: -
•	 AMW Autocomponent Limited, Wholly Owned Subsidiary
•	 Clean Max Astria Private Limited, Associate
The Company does not have any material subsidiary as on 31.03.2026 based on the thresholds laid down in the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 {SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015}. A 
Policy for determining material subsidiaries, duly approved by the Board, has been uploaded on the Company’s website and can be 
accessed at https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/Policy_for_Determining_Material_Subsidiary.pdf  
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	your	Directors	have	reviewed	the	affairs	of	the	said	Wholly	Owned	Subsidiary.	
Further, the company does not have any Joint Venture as on 31.03.2026.

[page 24]
|| 21 ||
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the FY 2025-26, prepared in accordance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), Regulation 33 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and Indian Accounting Standard-110 (IND 
AS-110) read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, alongwith the Auditor’s Report thereon forms part of 
this Annual Report.
Further,	in	compliance	to	the	section	136	of	the	Act,	the	audited	financial	statements	(both	standalone	and	consolidated)	and	related	
information of the Company is available on the company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investors/financial-performance#annual-
report.	In	addition	to	this,	the	separate	financial	statements	of	the	subsidiary	company	is	also	available	on	the	Company’s	website	at	
https://sswlindia.com/investors/financial-performance#financials-of-subsidiary-company and shall also be kept open for inspection 
at	the	registered	office	of	the	Company	until	the	date	of	ensuing	AGM.	The	Company	shall	also	make	available	the	copy	of	financial	
statements of subsidiary company to any member of the Company who may be interested in obtaining the same.
Pursuant	to	Section	129	of	the	Act	read	with	relevant	rules	made	thereunder,	a	statement	containing	salient	features	of	the	financial	
statements	of	the	subsidiary	and	associate	company	in	Form	AOC-1	is	provided	with	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	
therefore	not	repeated	in	this	Report	to	avoid	duplication.	The	consolidated	financial	statements	provide	the	details	of	the	performance	
and	financial	position	of	associate	and	subsidiary	company	and	their	contributions	to	the	overall	performance	of	the	Company.
TRANSFER TO RESERVES
Your Company proposes to transfer an amount of Rs. 20,995.04 lakhs to the General Reserve out of the amount available for 
appropriation.
DIVIDEND
In accordance with the parameters contained in the Dividend Distribution Policy of the Company, the Board of Directors at its 
meeting	held	on	29.05.2026	has	recommended	a	final	dividend	of	Rs.	1.50	(i.e.	150%)	per	equity	share	of	face	value	of	Rs.	1/-	each	
for	the	FY	2025-26	to	the	members	of	the	Company	as	against	final	dividend	of	Rs.	1.25	(i.e.	125%)	per	equity	share	paid	for	the	
FY 2024-25.
The	proposed	final	dividend,	if	approved	by	the	members	at	the	ensuing	40th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company, will 
entail	a	total	cash	outflow	of	Rs.	2358.98	lakhs	representing	a	dividend	payout	of	11.67%	of	the	company’s	standalone	net	profit	
compared to Rs. 1964.76 lakhs, representing a dividend payout of 9.36% in the previous year.
In compliance to the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 2025 (erstwhile Income Tax Act, 1961), dividend paid or distributed by 
the company shall be taxable in the hands of the shareholders. Accordingly, the company shall make the payment of dividend, if 
approved at the ensuing AGM, after deduction of tax at source (“TDS”) at the rates prescribed in the Income Tax Act, 2025 to those 
shareholders whose name will appear in the Register of Members/ depository records as at the closing hours of business on Record 
Date i.e. Wednesday, 23.09.2026. For the prescribed rates, the shareholders may also refer to the notes section of the Notice of 
the ensuing AGM which forms part of this Annual Report.
In terms of Regulation 43A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company have formulated and 
adopted the company’s Dividend Distribution Policy (DD Policy). The DD Policy sets out factors to be considered by the Board in 
determining the nature and quantum of the dividend to its equity shareholders as well as enable the Company to strike balance 
between payout and retained earnings, in order to address future needs of the Company. The same is available on the Company’s 
website at https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/Dividend-Distribution-Policy.pdf.
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
During	 the	 financial	 year	under	 review,	the	Company	 on	a	 standalone	 basis	 spent	 (Excluding	Advances	 and	 Intangibles)	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
Rs.	20,820.97	Lakhs	towards	capital	expenditure	against	Rs.	21,225.88	Lakhs	in	the	previous	financial	year.	This	mainly	comprises	
of	regular	capital	expenditure	across	all	plant	locations	including	company	offices,	capacity	expansion	for	manufacturing	of	knuckles	
and Alloy Wheels at the existing manufacturing facility of the Company in Mehsana, Gujarat. 
SHARE CAPITAL
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	Allotment	Committee	of	the	Board	in	its	meeting	held	on	23.06.2025	had	approved	the	
allotment of 251100 equity shares of Face Value(FV) Rs. 1/- each at an Exercise Price of Rs. 20/- per equity share to the employees 
of the Company who exercised their stock options under “Steel Strips Wheels Limited- Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2021” 
(ESOS 2021). Consequently, the Issued and Paid-up Equity Share Capital of the Company increased from Rs. 15,69,29,325/- 
(divided into 156929325 equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each) to Rs. 15,71,80,425/- (divided into 157180425 equity shares of FV                 
Rs. 1/- each). 
Thus, as on 31.03.2026, the Issued and Paid-up Equity Share Capital of the company was Rs. 15,71,80,425/- {divided into 157180425 
equity shares of Face Value(FV) Rs. 1/- each}.
Further,	post	the	closure	of	financial	year	review,	the	Allotment	Committee	of	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company	in	its	meeting	
held on 23.07.2026 has approved the allotment of 84680 equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each at an Exercise Price of Rs. 20/- per equity 

[page 25]
|| 22 ||
share to the employees of the Company who have exercised their stock options under “Steel Strips Wheels Limited-Employee Stock 
Option Scheme, 2021” (ESOS 2021). Consequently, the Issued and Paid up Equity Share Capital of the Company increased from 
Rs. 15,71,80,425/- (divided into 157180425 equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each ) to Rs. 15,72,65,105/- (divided into 157265105 equity 
shares of FV Rs. 1/- each). 
Thus, as on date of this report, the Issued and Paid-up Equity Share Capital of the company stands at  Rs.  15,72,65,105/- (divided 
into 157265105 equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each).
Confirmations:
a) During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	Company	has	not:
i. issued any debentures or bonds
ii. issued equity shares with differential voting rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise
iii. issued any sweat equity shares to its Directors or employees
iv. made any changes in voting rights
v. reduced its share capital or bought back its shares
vi. changed the capital structure resulting from restructuring
vii. failed to implement any corporate action
viii. issued warrants or convertible securities 
ix. made any changes in its authorised share capital
b) The disclosure pertaining to explanation for any deviation or variation in connection with certain terms of a public issue, rights 
issue, preferential issue, etc. is not applicable to the Company.
CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS 
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	there	has	been	no	change	in	the	nature	of	business	of	the	Company.
EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION SCHEME
With the objective to attract, retain and motivate employees as well as to reward employees for their performance and association 
with	the	Company	and	motivate	them	to	contribute	to	the	growth	and	profitability	of	the	Company,	the	Board	of	Directors	of	your	
Company have formulated an Employee Stock Option Scheme titled as “Steel Strips Wheels Limited-Employee Stock Option 
Scheme, 2021” (hereinafter referred as “ESOS 2021” or  “the Scheme”), in accordance  with  the provisions of Securities and 
Exchange	Board	of	India	(Share	Based	Employee	Benefits	and	Sweat	Equity)	Regulations,	2021	read	with	relevant	guidelines,	
rules,	regulations,	notifications,	circulars	and	other	requirements	as	specified	by	the	SEBI	and	other	appropriate	authority	(ies).
No	options	were	granted	under	ESOS	2021	during	financial	year	under	review.	
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	Allotment	Committee	of	the	Company	in	its	meeting	held	on	23.06.2025	had	allotted	
251100 equity shares of face value of Rs. 1/- each at an Exercise Price of Rs. 20/- per equity share to the employees of the Company 
who have exercised their stock options under ESOS 2021. These Equity Shares ranked pari-passu with the existing Equity Shares 
of the Company in all respects.  
Further,	post	the	closure	of	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	Allotment	Committee	of	the	Company	in	its	meeting	held	on	23.07.2026	
had allotted 84680 equity shares of face value of Rs. 1/- each at an Exercise Price of Rs. 20/- per equity share to the employees of 
the Company who have exercised their stock options under ESOS 2021. These Equity Shares ranked pari-passu with the existing 
Equity Shares of the Company in all respects.
Furthermore, there were no material changes in ESOS 2021 of the Company. The said scheme is in compliance with SEBI (Share 
Based	Employee	Benefits	and	Sweat	Equity)	Regulations,	2021,	including	any	amendment(s)	thereof.	The	necessary	disclosure	as	
stipulated under Regulation 14 read with Part F of Schedule I of the SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations, 2021 with regard to “ESOS 
2021” is available on the website of the Company under the web-link: https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-governance#sswl-
disclosure-under-esos 
Pursuant	to	Regulation	13	of	SEBI	(SBEB	&	SE)	Regulations,	2021,	a	Certificate	from	Sh.	Sushil	Kumar	Sikka	(Practicing	Company	
Secretary),	Proprietor	of	M/s	S.K.	Sikka	&	Associates,	Secretarial	Auditor	of	the	Company	confirming	that	the	ESOS	2021	has	been	
implemented in accordance with the SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations, 2021 and in accordance with the resolution passed by the 
members of the Company in their AGM held on 30.09.2021, would be placed at the ensuing AGM of the Company.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The	Company	is	firmly	committed	to	the	principles	of	good	corporate	governance	and	believes	that	statutory	compliances	and	
transparency are necessary to enhance the stakeholder’s value. In compliance to SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, a separate 

[page 26]
|| 23 ||
section	on	Corporate	Governance	and	a	certificate	from	the	Company’s	Statutory	Auditor,	confirming	compliance	with	the	conditions	
of Corporate Governance as stipulated under SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 is included and forms an integral part of this Annual 
Report.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(e) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA) Report 
for	the	financial	year	under	review	is	presented	in	a	separate	section	forming	part	of	this	Annual	Report.
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION
The Company has complied with all the applicable Health & Safety standards, Environment Laws and Labour Laws and has been 
taking all necessary measures to protect the environment and provide workers a safe working environment. The Company is 
committed for continual improvement in Health & Safety as well as Environmental protection by involving all the employees.
During	the	financial	year	2025-26,	your	company	undertook	several	initiatives	to	enhance	employee	health	and	well-being.	A	
dedicated	“wellness	and	meditation	center”	remained	in	focus,	offering	gym	facilities	to	promote	physical	fitness	and	relaxation	
among employees. Regular health checkups, including BMI assessments, ensured that employees were aware of their physical 
health status and could take proactive steps to improve it. The company organized health camp in collaboration with Max Hospitals 
focusing on Cardiology Awareness and Preventive Care. Employees are always encouraged to practice safety in all their activities 
in and out of Company premises. Moreover, continuous safety training/ mock drills are conducted at all levels and special emphasis 
is given to implementation of safety work standards. 
The Company has also taken several initiatives regarding environment conservation and protection. The initiatives include enhanced 
usage of solar power, hybrid power, ETP/STP/RO capacity expansion across its manufacturing facilities. 
HUMAN RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT
The Company has continuously adopted structures and practices that help in attracting best external talent and promote internal 
talent to take higher roles and responsibilities. The Company’s people centric focus is providing an open work environment fostering 
continuous improvement, learning and development among the employees of the Company. The Company provides a holistic 
environment where employees get opportunities to realize their potential to optimum level. The Company’s performance driven 
culture helps and motivates employees to excel in their respective areas as well as look for opportunities in other departments and 
progress within the organization. 
The Company has structured appraisal system in place which serves as a key performance metric and is used to identify, improve 
and control a business’s various functions and resulting outcomes. This system further ensures alignment of individual performance 
with organizational objectives, thereby, driving sustained growth and excellence.
DISCLOSURE ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) 
ACT, 2013
The Company has zero tolerance towards sexual harassment at workplace. The Company has formulated & adopted a policy on 
Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of sexual harassment at workplace in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the Rules framed thereunder, as amended from time 
to time. The policy is gender neutral and all employees (including permanent, contractual & temporary trainees) are covered under 
this policy.
In compliance to the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 
2013,	the		Company	has	constituted	Internal	Complaints	Committee .
The disclosures relating to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, is 
as under:
Number of complaints of sexual harassment received in the year NIL
Number of complaints disposed off during the year NIL
Number of cases pending for more than 90 (ninety) days NIL
Number	of	complaints	pending	as	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year NIL
DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY
Composition of the Board of Directors
The composition of the Board of the company is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read with 
Section 149 of the Act. The Board of Directors consists of optimum combination of Executive and Non-Executive Directors including 
Independent	Directors	&	Women	Independent	Directors	who	have	wide	and	varied	experience	in	the	field	of	Engineering,	Finance,	
Business Management, Administration, Human Resource, Corporate Planning, Corporate Laws, Industry, Commerce, Education, 

[page 27]
|| 24 ||
Taxation, etc. As on 31.03.2026, the Company’s Board consisted of Eleven (11) Directors. Of the said Eleven Directors: -
a) three (3) (i.e. 27.27%) are Executive Directors(EDs) (one ED belonging to promoter category); 
b) eight (8) (i.e. 72.73%) are Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) as per the following details: -
•	 two (2) (i.e. 18.18%) are Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors out of which one (1) is Non-Executive Chairman 
belonging to promoter category and; 
•	 six (6) (i.e. 54.55%) are Independent Directors (including two Women Independent Directors)
Changes in the Board of Directors during the FY 2025-26
	 Appointments/Re-appointments approved at the 39th Annual General Meeting of the Company:
	 During	 the	financial	year	under	review,	the	members	of	the	Company	approved	the	following	re-appointments	of	Directors	at	
their 39th Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 30.09.2025:
•	 Re-appointment and continuation of Directorship of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827), Chairman and Non-
Executive Director of the Company;
•	 Re-appointment of Sh. Siddharth Bansal (DIN: 02909820) as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term 
of	five	(5)	consecutive	years	effective	from	01.10.2025	to	30.09.2030.
	 Resignation / Cessation of Directors:
	 During	 the	financial	year	under	review,	Sh.	Sanjay	Surajprakash	Sahni	(DIN:	08263029)	who	held	the	position	of	Nominee	
Director (Non–Executive Non- Independent Director) of Tata Steel Ltd (TSL ; Equity Investor) ceased to be the Director of your 
Company with effect from close of business hours of 18.03.2026. It was informed by him in his resignation letter that consequent 
to	his	resignation	from	TSL,	he	has	resigned	from	the	Board	of	the	company.	He	had	also	confirmed	in	his	resignation	letter	
that	there	were	no	other	material	reason	apart	from	this.	Further,	TSL	also	confirmed	on	the	withdrawal	of	his	nomination	on	
the Board of the Company.
	 Furthermore,	 post	the	closure	of	the	financial	year	under	review,	Sh.	Mohan	Joshi	(DIN:	07526082)	resigned	from	the	post	of	
Deputy Managing Director (Executive Director) of the Company with effect from the close of business hours of 03.06.2026 in 
order	to	attend	to	his	personal	health	and	dedicate	himself	more	towards	his	family,	as	confirmed	by	him	in	his	resignation	letter.	
He	had	also	confirmed	in	his	resignation	letter	that	there	were	no	other	material	reason	apart	from	this.
 Re-appointment of Directors Retiring By Rotation:
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 of the Act read with Rules framed thereunder (including any amendment thereof), 
and Articles of Association of the Company, Sh. Dheeraj Garg, (DIN: 00034926) Managing Director and Sh. Sanjay Garg, (DIN: 
00030956) Non-executive Director of the Company are liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing 40 th AGM and being eligible, 
offer themselves for re-appointment. 
 As per the terms of appointment of Sh. Dheeraj Garg as Managing Director of the Company approved by the members at their 
37th AGM, his re-appointment as a Director retiring by rotation would not constitute a break in his appointment as Managing 
Director of the Company. Further, the term and conditions of appointment (including remuneration) of Sh. Dheeraj Garg would 
be governed as per the approval granted by the members at their 37th AGM held on 23.08.2023.
 Based on the performance evaluation and recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC), the Board 
recommends their re-appointment for your approval. 
	 The	 resolutions	for	their	re-appointment	alongwith	brief	profile	and	necessary	details	of	Sh.	Dheeraj	Garg,	Managing	Director	
and Sh. Sanjay Garg, Non-Executive Director of the Company, as required under the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and 
Secretarial Standard-2 on General meetings are contained in the Notice convening the ensuing 40th AGM of the Company.
 Completion of term of Independent Director:
 Sh. Virander Kumar Arya (DIN:00751005), Independent Director of the Company will complete his second term as an 
Independent Director on the Board of the Company with effect from the close of business hours of 30.09.2026. 
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	following	changes	occurred	in	the	Key	Managerial	Personnel	of	the	company:-
•	 Sh.	Naveen	Sorot	(M.	No.:	ACA506966)	ceased	to	be	the	Chief	Financial	Officer	of	the	Company	with	effect	from	close	of	
business hours of 12.09.2025 as a result of resignation due to personal family reasons.
•	 Sh.	Rahul	Kumar	(M.	No.:	ACA546441)	was	appointed	as	the	Chief	Financial	Officer	of	the	Company	with	effect	from	
12.11.2025.
Thus, pursuant to the provisions of Section 2(51) and Section 203 of the Act read with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 

[page 28]
|| 25 ||
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the following were the Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company as on the 31.03.2026: 
•	 Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Managing Director ;
•	 Sh. Mohan Joshi, Executive Director (Deputy Managing Director) ;
•	 Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive Director ;
•	 Sh.	Rahul	Kumar,	Chief	Financial	Officer	(CFO)	and	
•	 Ms.	Kanika	Sapra,	Company	Secretary	&	Compliance	Officer
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	none	of	the	Directors	and	Key	Managerial	Personnel	of	the	Company	had	any	material	
pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company apart from the remuneration sitting fees and dividend declared by the 
Company on the shares held, if any, by them.
Further, Sh. Mohan Joshi ceased to be the Director & KMP of the company with effect from the close of business hours of 03.06.2026. 
Thus, as on the date of this report, following are the Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company :-
•	 Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Managing Director ;
•	 Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive Director ;
•	 Sh.	Rahul	Kumar,	Chief	Financial	Officer	(CFO)	and	
•	 Ms.	Kanika	Sapra,	Company	Secretary	&	Compliance	Officer
DETAILS OF COMPANIES WHICH HAVE BECOME OR CEASED TO BE ITS SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES OR ASSOCIATE 
COMPANIES DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	no	company	has	become	or	ceased	to	be	a	subsidiary,	joint	venture	or	Associate	of	the	
Company.
DEPOSITS FROM PUBLIC
During	the	financial	year	2025-26,	the	Company	has	not	accepted	any	deposits	from	public	within	the	meaning	of	Section	73	and	
74 of the Act read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (including any amendments thereof) and, as such, 
no	amount	on	account	of	principal	or	interest	on	deposit	from	public	was	outstanding	as	on	date	of	closure	of	financial	year	under	
review as well as on the date of this report.
SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS OR TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE 
GOING CONCERN STATUS AND COMPANY’S OPERATIONS IN FUTURE
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	there	were	no	significant	and	material	orders	passed	by	the	Regulators	or	Courts	or	Tribunals	
impacting the going concern status and Company’s operations in future.
CREDIT RATING/ESG RATING
The	details	pertaining	to	credit	ratings	obtained	by	the	Company	during	the	financial	year	under	review	are	provided	in	the	Corporate	
Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual Report and the same have been placed at the website of the Company at 
https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/CreditRating-18Feb2026_IndiaRatingsResearch.pdf.
In	addition	to	the	above,	during	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	company	was	also	assigned	rating	on	Environment,	Social	&	
Governance (ESG) by certain rating agencies on voluntary basis, based on the information available publicly. The details of the 
same are given in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The	Board	has	adopted	the	policies	and	procedures	for	ensuring	the	orderly	and	efficient	conduct	of	its	business,	including	adherence	
to the Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and 
completeness	of	the	accounting	records,	and	the	timely	preparation	of	reliable	financial	information(s).	
The	Financial	Statements	(both	standalone	and	consolidated)	of	the	Company	are	prepared	on	the	basis	of	the	Significant	Accounting	
Policies that are approved by the Audit Committee and the Board of the Company. These Accounting policies are reviewed and 
updated	from	time	to	time,	as	may	be	required.	Further,	the	financial	statements	of	subsidiary	and	associate	are	audited	by	their	
respective Statutory Auditors prior to consolidation.
The	preparation	and	presentation	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	company	is	pursuant	to	the	control	criteria	as	defined	considering	
the essential components of Internal control stated in the “Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial controls over Financial 
reporting” issued by the Institute of Chartered accountants of India (ICAI). The Internal Financial Controls of the company with 
reference to the Financial Statements were adequate, operating effectively and commensurate with the size, scale and complexity 
of its operations.
The	efficacy	of	the	Internal	financial	controls	has	also	been	verified	by	the	Statutory	Auditors	of	the	Company.

[page 29]
|| 26 ||
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS
The Company has adequate internal control procedures commensurate with size, nature of its business and complexity of its 
operations.	These	internal	policies	ensure	efficient	use	and	protection	of	the	assets	and	resources,	compliances	with	policies	and	
statutes	and	ensure	reliability	as	well	as	promptness	of	financial	and	operational	reports.	The	Internal	auditor	of	the	Company	makes	
continuous assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls and systems across the Company.
The Audit committee and the Management of the Company reviews the adequacy of the Internal Control functions of the Company, 
significant	audit	observations,	if	any	made	by	Internal	Auditor,	and	suggests	corrective	actions	and	monitors	the	sustainability	of	
those actions, as may be required from time to time.
To enhance effective internal control system, the Company has laid down following measures:
•	 The Company’s Books of accounts are maintained in SAP and transactions are executed through SAP (ERP) setups to ensure 
correctness/effectiveness of all transactions, integrity and reliable reporting.
•	 Adherence to accounting policies.
•	 A	well-defined	Whistle	Blower	Policy/Vigil	Mechanism	is	in	place.
•	 Compliance of secretarial functions is ensured by way of Secretarial Audit.
•	 Internal	Audit	is	done	for	providing	assistance	in	improvising	financial	control	framework.
•	 The Company has adequate risk management policy.
•	 Adoption of Code of Conduct and other policies.
•	 Physical	verification	of	inventory/stock	(stock	audit).
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	neither	the	Audit	Committee	nor	the	Internal	Auditor	has	made	any	significant	deficiencies	in	
relation	to	the	efficiency	and	effectiveness	of	such	controls.
AUDIT COMMITTEE AND OTHER COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
The details pertaining to composition of Audit Committee and other committees constituted by the Board of Directors of the Company 
as per the provisions of the Act and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 are provided in the Corporate Governance Report which forms 
part of this Annual Report.
Further,	during	the	financial	year	under	review,	there	were	no	instances	when	the	recommendations	of	Audit	Committee	were	not	
accepted by the Board.
VIGIL MECHANISM AND WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
In compliance with the provisions of Section 177(9) & (10) of the Act and in accordance with Regulation 22 of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, the Company has adopted a policy named “Vigil Mechanism and Whistle Blower Policy” for its employees and 
directors, which aims at building & strengthening a culture of transparency and trust throughout the organization. The said policy is 
also available on the company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/whistleblower.pdf.
The Vigil mechanism provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of directors or employees who avail the mechanism 
and also provides for direct access to the Ethics Counsellor or Chairman of the Audit committee in appropriate and exceptional 
cases.	It	is	affirmed	that	no	person	has	been	denied	access	to	the	Audit	Committee.	
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	no	incidents	were	reported	under	the	above	mechanism.	The	additional	details	pertaining	to	
Vigil Mechanism and Whistle Blower Policy of the Company are available in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of 
this Annual Report.
NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	Five	(5)	Meetings	of	the	Board	were	convened	and	held,	details	of	which	are	provided	in	the	
Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual Report. The intervening gap between any two consecutive meetings 
of the Board did not exceed 120 days, as prescribed under the Act and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Pursuant to the requirement of Section 134(5) of the Act and based on the representations, information and explanations received 
from	the	management,	and	after	due	enquiry,	the	Directors	of	the	Company	hereby	confirm	that:	
•	 in	the	preparation	of	the	annual	accounts	for	the	financial	year	2025-26,	the	applicable	accounting	standards	have	been	
followed and there are no material departures; 
•	 they have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgements and estimates that are 
reasonable	and	prudent	so	as	to	give	a	true	and	fair	view	of	the	state	of	affairs	of	the	Company	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year	
2025-26	and	of	the	profit	of	the	Company	for	that	period;

[page 30]
|| 27 ||
•	 they	have	taken	proper	and	sufficient	care	for	the	maintenance	of	adequate	accounting	records	in	accordance	with	the	
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
•	 they have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis;
•	 they	have	laid	down	internal	financial	controls	to	be	followed	by	the	Company	and	that	such	internal	financial	controls	are	
adequate and operating effectively; and
•	 they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems were 
adequate and operating effectively.
The	aforesaid	statement	has	also	been	reviewed	and	confirmed	by	the	Audit	Committee	of	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company.
DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
In accordance with Section 149(7) of the Act read with Schedule IV and Regulation 25(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, all 
the Independent Directors of the Company have submitted their declaration that they meet the criteria of Independence as provided 
in	Section	149(6)	of	the	Act	and	Regulation	16(1)(b)	of	SEBI(LODR)	Regulations,	2015,	and	have	also	confirmed	that	they	are	not	 	
aware of any circumstance or situation, which exists or may be reasonably  anticipated, that could impair or impact their ability to 
discharge	their	duties	with	an	objective	independent	judgement	and	without	any	external	influence.		They	have	also	confirmed	that	
they	are	not	debarred	from	holding	the	office	of	Director	by	virtue	of	any	SEBI	order	or	any	other	authority.	
In terms of the provisions of the Regulation 25(9) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Board of directors of the company 
reviewed	and	assessed	the	aforesaid	declarations	and	made	an	opinion	that	during	the	financial	year	2025-26,	all	the	Independent	
Directors	of	the	Company	held	highest	standards	of	integrity	and	possess	requisite	proficiency,	expertise	and	experience	required	
to	fulfill	their	duties	as	Independent	Directors.
In	terms	of	Section	150	of	the	Act	read	with	Rule	6	of	the	Companies	(Appointment	and	Qualification	of	Directors)	Rules,	2014,	as	
amended,	all	the	Independent	Directors	of	the	Company	have	confirmed	that	they	have	registered	themselves	with	the	Independent	
Directors’ Databank maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs(“IICA”). 
In	compliance	to	the	aforesaid	provisions,	the	Independent	Directors	are	also	required	to	pass	online	proficiency	self-assessment	
test conducted by IICA within a period of 2 (two) years from the date of inclusion of their names in the databank, unless they meet 
the	criteria	specified	for	exemption.
Accordingly, the Independent Directors i.e. Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy and Sh. Siddharth Bansal have 
passed	the	said	online	proficiency	self-assessment	test	while	the	rest	of	the	Independent	Directors	of	the	company	are	exempt	from	
the requirement to undertake the said test. 
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY FOR DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL AND OTHER EMPLOYEES
The	Company	strongly	believes	that	human	resources	which	manage	the	other	resources	have	infinite	potential	and	therefore,	
their development is the key to organizational effectiveness. The Company is committed to integrate human resources with 
organizational	growth	and	development	for	mutual	benefit.	Accordingly,	the	Board	of	Directors	has	adopted	and	approved	the	
Nomination and Remuneration Policy for the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees of the Company as framed 
and recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) pursuant to applicable provisions under the Act and 
SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
The	 said	 policy	 on	 Directors’	 appointment	 and	 remuneration	 including	 criteria	 for	 determining	 qualifications,	 positive	 attributes,	
independence of a Director and other matters provided under Section 178(3) of the Act and Regulation 19 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015 is available on the website of the Company under the link https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/nomination.pdf. The salient 
features of the said policy are set out in the Corporate Governance Report which forms part of this Annual Report.
AUDIT RELATED MATTERS
•	 STATUTORY AUDITORS AND THEIR REPORT
 M/s AKR & Associates, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration Number 021179N), Statutory Auditors of the Company, 
were re-appointed by the members of the Company at their 36th Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 30.09.2022 for second 
term	of	5	(five)	consecutive	years	i.e.	starting	from	the	conclusion	of	36th AGM of the company till the conclusion of 41st AGM of 
the Company to be held in the year 2027.
 The Reports issued by the Statutory Auditor on the Financial Statements (Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for the 
financial	year	ended	31.03.2026	form	part	of	this	Annual	Report.	They	are	self-explanatory	and	do	not	contain	any	qualification,	
reservations or adverse remarks or disclaimers and therefore, needs no comments. The Board of Directors places on record 
its sincere appreciation for the valuable services rendered by M/s AKR & Associates, Statutory Auditors of the Company during 
the	financial	year	under	review.
•	 SECRETARIAL AUDITOR
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act and Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 

[page 31]
|| 28 ||
Personnel) Rules, 2014, read with Regulation 24A of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, and 
on the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company, Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, Practicing Company Secretary 
(Membership	No.	FCS	4241,	Certificate	of	Practice	No.	3582	and	Peer	Review	No.	7636/2026)	proprietor	of	M/s	S.K.	Sikka	&	
Associates was appointed as Secretarial Auditor of the Company by the members of the company at their 39th Annual General 
Meeting	held	on	30.09.2025	for	a	term	of	5(five)	consecutive	years	i.e.	starting	from	39th Annual General Meeting till the 
conclusion of the 44th Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in the year 2030, covering the period commencing 
from April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2030.
	 The	Secretarial	 Auditor	of	the	company	issued	the	following	reports	for	the	financial	year	2025-26:-		
	 Secretarial Audit Report 
 The Secretarial Audit Report submitted by the Secretarial Auditor in the prescribed Form MR-3 is annexed herewith the 
Board’s Report as Annexure-I. 
	 Annual Secretarial Compliance Report
 Pursuant to Regulation 24A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, read with the SEBI Master Circulars issued from time 
to	time,	the	Annual	Secretarial	Compliance	Report	of	the	company	for	the	financial	year	2025-26	was	submitted	to	the	
Stock	Exchanges	within	stipulated	timeline	of	60	days	of	the	end	of	the	said	financial	year	and	the	same	is	also	annexed	
herewith the Board’s Report as Annexure-II. 
There	were	no	qualifications,	reservations	or	adverse	remarks	in	the	aforesaid	Reports	and	therefore	needs	no	comment	by	
the Board of Directors of the Company.
•	 MAINTENANCE OF COST RECORDS AND AUDIT THEREOF
 None of the products manufactured by the Company were covered under the products prescribed for maintenance of cost 
records	as	per	Section	148	of	the	Act	read	with	the	Companies	(Cost	Records	and	Audit)	Rules,	2014,	during	the	financial	year	
2024-25. Accordingly, the requirement for maintenance of cost records and cost audit was not applicable to the Company for 
the	financial	year	2025-26.
DETAILS IN RESPECT OF FRAUDS REPORTED BY AUDITORS OTHER THAN THOSE WHICH ARE REPORTABLE TO 
CENTRAL GOVERNMENT
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	Statutory	Auditor,	Secretarial	Auditor	and	Internal	Auditor	of	the	Company	have	not	
reported	any	offence	of	fraud	which	is	being	or	has	been	committed	in	the	Company	by	its	officers	or	employees	to	the	Audit	
Committee under section 143(12) of the Act and Rules framed thereunder. 
SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	your	Company	has	duly	complied	with	the	provisions	of	the	applicable	Secretarial	Standards	
i.e. Secretarial Standard-1 (SS-1) on “Meetings of Board of Directors” and Secretarial Standard-2 (SS-2) on “General Meetings”, 
issued by the Institute of Companies Secretaries of India (ICSI), as amended from time to time. 
PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	no	loans,	guarantees	and	investments	were	made	by	the	Company	under	Section	186	of	
the Act and Rules framed thereunder (including any amendments thereof) and Schedule V of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
THE DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY 
CODE, 2016 (31 OF 2016) 
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	there	was	no	application	made	or	any	proceeding	pending	under	the	Insolvency	and	
Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31 of 2016).
THE DETAILS OF DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AMOUNT OF THE VALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF ONE TIME SETTLEMENT 
AND THE VALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING LOAN FROM THE BANKS OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH THE 
REASONS THEREOF 
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	Company	has	not	made	any	one-time	settlement	for	loans	taken	from	the	Banks	or	
Financial Institutions. Therefore, such disclosure is not applicable to the Company.
PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENT WITH RELATED PARTIES 
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	all	contracts	/	arrangements	/	transactions	entered	into	by	the	Company	with	related	
parties were in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis and there were no material related party contracts 
/ arrangements / transactions entered by the Company with related parties. Further, the related party transactions undertaken by 
the Company during the year under review were in compliance with the provisions set out in the Act read with the rules issued 
thereunder and Regulation 23 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time. 
Accordingly, no details are required to be provided in Form AOC-2 prescribed under clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 

[page 32]
|| 29 ||
of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. The Form AOC-2 is annexed as Annexure-III to the Board’s 
Report.
All related party transactions were placed before the Audit Committee for their prior approval in accordance with the requirements 
of the applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Necessary details for each of the Related Party 
Transactions	as	applicable	along	with	the	justification	were	provided	to	the	Audit	Committee	in	terms	of	the	Company’s	Policy	on	
Materiality of and Dealing with Related Party Transactions and as required under SEBI Master Circulars as issued from time to 
time.	The	Audit	Committee,	during	the	financial	year	under	review,	has	approved	related	party	transactions	along	with	granting	
omnibus approval in line with the policy of the Company on materiality of Related Party Transactions and dealing with related party 
transactions and the applicable provisions of the Act read with the Rules issued thereunder and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
(including	any	statutory	modification(s)	or	re-enactment(s)	thereof	for	the	time	being	in	force).	The	transactions	entered	into	pursuant	
to such approval were placed periodically before the Audit Committee as well as Board of Directors of the Company.  
The policy on materiality of related party transactions and dealing with related party transactions as approved and adopted by 
the Board is uploaded on the website of the Company under the link https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/relatedparty_
transaction.pdf
In terms of Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS 24), the details of related party transactions entered into by the Company have 
been disclosed in Note 41 of the both Standalone Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements, forming part of this 
Annual Report. 
In compliance to the provisions of the Regulation 23 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Company has submitted the related 
party	disclosure	on	the	date	of	its	publication	of	its	standalone	and	consolidated	financial	statements	in	the	format	and	within	the	
timeline as prescribed by SEBI.
None of the Directors has any pecuniary relationships or transactions vis-à-vis the Company except remuneration (including 
commission), sitting fees and dividend on the shares, if any, held by them.
MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENT, AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY WHICH HAVE 
OCCURRED BETWEEN THE END OF FINANCIAL YEAR 2025-26 AND THE DATE OF THIS REPORT
No	material	changes	and	commitments	affecting	the	financial	position	of	the	Company	have	occurred	between	the	end	of	the	
financial	year	2025-26	to	which	the	financial	statements	of	the	Company	relate	and	the	date	of	this	report.
THE CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
A statement giving details of conservation of energy, technology absorption and foreign exchange earnings and outgo in terms of 
Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with Rule 8 (3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, forms part of this report and is annexed 
herewith as Annexure-IV.
RISK MANAGEMENT
Pursuant to Regulation 21 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, your Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee 
(RMC) to frame, implement and monitor the risk management plan for the Company. The RMC is responsible for reviewing the risk 
management plan and ensuring its effectiveness. 
The RMC of the Company has been entrusted by the Board with the responsibility of formulating a framework to identify the risks 
and its mitigation plans, reviewing the risk management process in the Company and ensuring that the risks are brought within 
acceptable limits. The details of the Committee and its terms of reference are set up in the Corporate Governance Report forming 
part of this Annual Report.
The Company has developed and implemented a Risk Management Policy approved by the Board of Directors. 
The	Risk	Management	Policy,	inter	alia,	includes	identification,	mitigation	and	controlling	of	various	risks	which	in	the	opinion	of	the	
Board	may	threaten	the	existence	of	the	Company.	However,	no	such	risks	were	identified	which	in	the	opinion	of	the	Board	may	
threaten the existence of the Company.
Major	risks	identified	by	the	businesses	and	functions	are	systematically	addressed	through	mitigating	actions	on	a	continuing	basis.	
Further,	the	said	identified	risks	which	may	have	an	impact	on	the	Company’s	operations,	alongwith	its	mitigation	plans	are	disclosed	
in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report, which forms part of this Annual report.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
In compliance with Section 135 and in consonance with Schedule VII of the Act and Rules framed thereunder (including any 
amendment(s) thereof), the Company has constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSR Committee). However, 
to include the role of “monitoring of sustainability initiatives” undertaken by the Company in line with the Regulation 34(2)(f) of 
the SEBI(LODR)Regulations, 2015, the nomenclature of the CSR committee was changed to Corporate Social Responsibility & 
Sustainability (CSRS) Committee in the FY 2022-23 and accordingly, the Board of Directors had amended the terms of reference of 
the CSRS committee. The terms of reference of the CSRS Committee are given in the Corporate Governance Report which forms 
part of this report.

[page 33]
|| 30 ||
The Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainability (CSRS) Committee had formulated and recommended to the Board, a Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy (CSR Policy) which was subsequently adopted by it and is being implemented by the Company. The 
CSR Policy of the company is available on the website of the Company at https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/csr-policy.pdf. 
The Annual Report on CSR activities undertaken by the Company in terms of Section 135 of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder, 
including a brief outline of the Company’s CSR Policy, is annexed to this Report as Annexure-V. Further, a detailed report on the 
CSR	activities	undertaken	by	the	company	during	the	financial	year	2025-26	is	available	on	the	company’s	website	at	https://
sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-social-responsibility#annual-csr-reports . 
BOARD EVALUATION
In compliance with the provisions of the Act, the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read with relevant provisions on Board evaluation 
provided in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) Master Circular dated January 30, 2026 and Guidance note on Board 
evaluation issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI), the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) of 
the Board of Directors of the Company has carried out a formal annual evaluation of the Board as a whole, its committees and all the 
individual directors. Further, the Board of Directors have also carried out the evaluation of the performance of the Board as a whole, 
its committees, and all the Individual Directors including Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, Independent Directors, Non-
Independent Directors as well as the Chairperson of the Company. 
The	NRC	has	defined	the	evaluation	framework	based	on	the	aforementioned	statutory	provisions	and	Guidance	Note.	The	
framework included different tools such as peer to peer evaluation forms and questionnaires, covering various information or criteria 
required to have the evaluation. The Board, NRC and all the Individual Directors including Independent Directors performed their 
part in the evaluation procedure.
•	 Evaluation of Board, as a whole : The performance evaluation of the Board as a whole was based on the various criteria, 
inter alia, Structure of the Board,  Meetings of the Board, functions of the Board, Quality of relationship between Board and 
Management, Professional Development, effectiveness of Board processes, etc.
•	 Evaluation of Committees of the Board: The performance evaluation of the Committees of the Board was based on the various 
criteria, inter alia, mandate and composition, effectiveness, Structure, meetings, Independence, Contribution to decisions of the 
Board,	degree	of	fulfillment	of	key	responsibilities,	discharge	of	its	functions	and	duties	as	per	its	terms	of	reference,	process	
and procedures followed for effectively discharging its functions. 
•	 Evaluation of Individual Directors: The Board and the NRC of the Company evaluated the performance of individual directors 
(including	independent	directors)	based	on	criteria	such	as	qualifications,	experience,	knowledge	and	competency,	fulfillment	
of	functions,	Leadership,	integrity	including	adherence	to	Code	of	Conduct	of	the	Company,	safeguarding	of	the	Confidential	
information and of interest of Whistle Blowers under Vigil Mechanism, compliance with policies and disclosures of interest 
and	fulfillment	of	other	obligations	imposed	by	the	law,	contribution	and	initiative,	availability,		attendance,	participation	and	
ability to function as a team, commitment, and guidance/support to management outside Board, etc. In addition to this, the 
independent directors of the Company were also evaluated on the basis of criteria such as independence, independent views 
and judgement. 
•	 Evaluation of Chairperson:	The	performance	evaluation	of	the	Chairperson	of	the	Company	was	based	on	criteria	specified	
for individual directors along with additional criteria such as effectiveness of leadership and ability to steer the meetings, 
impartiality, managing relationship with the members of the Board and management, relationship and communication within the 
Board, providing ease of raising of issues and concerns by the Board members, promoting constructive debate and effective 
decision making at the board, personal attributes i.e. integrity, honesty, knowledge, etc.
 In addition to the above, a separate meeting of the Independent Directors (“Annual ID meeting”) was convened on 20.05.2026, 
in which the Independent Directors of the company reviewed the performance of the Board (as a whole), the Non-Independent 
Directors and the Chairperson of the Company.
Outcome of Evaluation
The	results	of	the	Evaluation	for	the	financial	year	under	review	were	shared	with	the	Board,	Chairman	of	respective	Committees	
and	Individual	Directors,	and	they	thoroughly	deliberated	upon	them.	The	findings	of	evaluation	reflected	a	high	level	of	commitment,	
independence, and governance standards by the Board, its Committees and its individual Directors as well as the Chairperson. The 
Board	was	found	to	be	well	structured,	meetings	effectively	conducted,	and	the	committees	of	the	Board	operated	efficiently	in	their	
respective focus areas. The Individual Directors also showed a greater level of active participation, independent judgement and 
dedication, with the overall performance of the Board, Committee and each Director rated as highly satisfactory. Lastly, the Directors 
also expressed satisfaction over the process of evaluation.
INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (‘IEPF’)
Pursuant to section 124, 125 and other applicable provisions of the Act read with Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority 
(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“the Rules”), all unpaid or unclaimed dividends are required to be transferred 
by the Company to Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority post the completion of seven (7) years from the date 
of transfer of dividend amount in Unpaid Dividend Account of the Company. Similarly, the shares in respect of which dividend has 

[page 34]
|| 31 ||
remained unpaid or unclaimed for seven (7) consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to the demat account(s) of the IEPF 
Authority.
Accordingly,	during	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	Company,	in	compliance	to	the	aforesaid	provisions,	had	transferred	the	
unpaid/unclaimed dividends and corresponding equity shares to the IEPF Authority as follows: -
Particulars Amount of Dividend No. of equity shares (FV Rs. 1/- each)
2017-18 (Final Dividend) Rs. 5,84,132.00 95747
During the FY 2026-27, the company would be transferring unpaid or unclaimed dividend amount for the FY 2018-19 (Final Dividend) 
within 30 days from the due date of transferring the amount to IEPF i.e. 05.11.2026. Further, the Company is also required to transfer 
the equity shares in respect of which dividends have not been claimed for seven (7) consecutive years from the FY 2018-19 (Final 
Dividend), to the demat account of the IEPF Authority. The Company has given individual intimations to the concerned shareholders 
and also advertised in the newspaper seeking necessary action from their end in order to prevent the transfer of such equity shares/ 
dividend to the IEPF Authority. Accordingly, the concerned members are requested to claim the unpaid/unclaimed dividend for FY 
2018-19 (Final Dividend) on or before 24.10.2026. 
Details of dividends that are due for transfer to IEPF for the next 7 (seven) years on their respective due dates, are available in the 
Notice of 40th AGM forming part of this Annual Report.
Further, the details of unpaid/unclaimed dividend for the FY 2018-19 (Final) & onwards and the details of shares/ shareholders 
against which dividends is unclaimed for seven consecutive years from the FY 2018-19 (Final) are provided on the website of the 
Company at https://sswlindia.com/investors/investor-education-protection-fund#unpaid-unclaimed-dividend.
FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAMME FOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The Company has practice of conducting familiarization programmes for the Independent Directors which familiarizes them with 
their role, rights, responsibilities, and enables them to have better understanding of the Company, its management, its operations, 
its business model, the nature of the industry in which it operates, the industry perspective, its issues, etc. These sessions were 
delivered upon induction of a new Director as well as on ongoing basis.
Pursuant to Regulation 25(7) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015, the Company during the FY 2025-26 had conducted various 
familiarization programmes for its Independent Directors which included information on business performance, operations, market 
share,	financial	parameters,	working	capital	management,	fund	flows,	major	litigation,	compliances,	CSR	activities,	periodic	review	
of Investments of the Company, Regulatory updates, Business Strategy, Framework for Related Party Transactions, Economic 
Environment & Global Scenario, ESG Risks, Business Entity Risks etc.
The details as required under Regulations 46 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 are available on the website of your Company 
at https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-governance#familiarisation-programme-for-independent-directors. Further, the details in 
regard with the familiarization programme are also given in the Corporate Governance Report which forms part of this Annual Report.
ANNUAL RETURN
In accordance with Section 92(3) & 134(3)(a) of the Act, the Annual Return of the Company for the FY 2025-26 in Form MGT-7 is 
available on the website of the Company at: https://sswlindia.com/investors/meetings#annual-return 
PARTICULARS OF REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS / KMP’S / EMPLOYEES
The Disclosure required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed as Annexure-VI to this report. 
Further, the statement containing particulars of employees as required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) 
of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, forming part of this report, shall be open for 
inspection	at	the	Registered	Office	of	the	Company	during	working	hours	of	twenty-one	(21)	days	before	the	ensuing	AGM.	In	terms	
of Section 136(1) of the Act, the Annual Report is being sent to the Shareholders, excluding the aforesaid statement. In case any 
shareholder is interested in obtaining a copy of the same may write to the Company Secretary of the company. The said statement has 
also been uploaded on the website of the Company at https://sswlindia.com/investors  in terms of section 136 (1) of the Act. 
Further, neither the Managing Director nor any of the Executive Directors of the Company received any remuneration or commission 
from the subsidiary Company.
CONFIRMATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPANY’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND BOARD’S REPORT FOR THE 
PRECEEDING FINANCIAL YEARS 
There	was	no	revision	of	financial	statements	and	Board’s	Report	of	the	Company	for	the	preceding	three	(3)	financial	years.		
COMPLIANCE TO THE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE MATERNITY BENEFITS ACT, 1961 
The	Company	has	ensured	compliance	with	the	provisions	of	The	Maternity	Benefit	Act,	1961	and	any	amendment	thereof	from	
time to time.

[page 35]
|| 32 ||
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT (“BRSR”)
In compliance with Regulation 34 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report 
(BRSR)	for	the	financial	year	ended	March	31,	2026,	forms	part	of	this	Annual	Report.	The	said	BRSR	describes	the	initiatives	
taken	by	the	Company	from	an	environmental,	social	and	governance	perspective,	alongside	reflecting	the	company’s	commitment	
towards sustainable business practices.
The BRSR Core disclosures have been reasonably assured by an Independent external agency “Intertek India Private Limited”.
INSURANCE
All properties and insurable interests of your Company including building and plant & machinery are adequately insured.
INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS WITH THE PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY
The industrial relations scenario continued to be largely positive across all the manufacturing locations and the Company has 
continued to maintain cordial and harmonious relations with its employees at all levels. As a result of it, the Company is thriving to 
achieve growth and greater heights in the times to come.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The Board of Directors wish to place on record their sincere gratitude for the continued co-operation and support, the Company 
received from various departments of the Central and State Government, Bankers, Financial Institutions, Dealers and Suppliers. 
The Board also expresses its gratitude to the valued customers, members, and the investing public for their unwavering trust and 
confidence	reposed	in	the	Company	and	looks	forward	to	their	continued	support	in	the	future.	The	Board	also	acknowledges	and	
appreciates the commitment, dedication and contribution made by the employees at all levels towards growth and success of the 
Company	in	all	fields.
For and on behalf of the Board
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Date: 03.09.2026                             (Rajinder Kumar Garg)
Place: Chandigarh                    Chairman
                   DIN: 00034827

[page 36]
|| 33 ||
Annexure-I 
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT
FORM NO. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON MARCH 31, 2026
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members, 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Village Somalheri/Lehli, 
P.O. Dappar, Teh. Derabassi, 
Distt. SAS Nagar (Mohali), Punjab- 140506
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by Steel Strips Wheels Limited  (hereinafter called “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that 
provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based	on	my	verification	of	Company’s	books,	papers,	minute	books,	forms	and	returns	filed	and	other	records	maintained	by	the	
Company	and	also	the	information	provided	by	the	Company,	its	officers,	agents	and	authorized	representatives	during	the	conduct	
of	secretarial	audit,	the	explanations	and	clarifications	given	to	me	and	the	representations	made	by	the	Management,	I	hereby	
report	that	in	my	opinion,	the	Company	has,	during	the	audit	period	covering	the	financial	year	ended	March	31,	2026,	complied	
with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism 
in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to other reporting made hereinafter.
I	have	examined	the	books,	papers,	minute	books,	forms	and	returns	filed	and	other	records	maintained	by	the	Company	for	the	
financial	year	ended	on	March	31,	2026	according	to	the	provisions	of:
1) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
2) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
3) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and bye-laws framed thereunder;
4) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings. There were no Foreign Direct Investment, 
Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings transactions during the Audit period;
5) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): -
a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; (Not 
applicable to the Company during the audit period)
d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 and 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 2025 
regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period)
e) The	Securities	and	Exchange	Board	of	India	(Share	Based	Employee	Benefits	and	Sweat	equity)	Regulations,	2021;	
f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible securities) Regulations, 2021; (Not 
applicable to the Company during the audit period)
g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the 
Company during the audit period) and
h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable to the Company 
during the audit period)
6) The	Company	has	complied	with	the	following	laws	applicable	specifically	to	the	Company:
a) The Petroleum Act 1934/Petroleum Rules 1976;
b) Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management & Transboundary Movement) Rules 2016;
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _ _ _

[page 37]
|| 34 ||
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
(i)   Secretarial Standards with respect to Board and General Meetings issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India 
(ICSI); and
(ii) The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with BSE Limited and The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE), and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
{SEBI LODR Regulations}.
During the period under review the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, 
etc. mentioned above. 
I further report that
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and 
Independent	Directors.	The	changes	in	the	composition	of	Board	of	Directors	that	took	place	during	the	financial	year	under	review,	
were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate	notice	has	been	given	to	all	the	Directors	to	schedule	the	board	meetings	during	the	financial	year	under	review,	agenda	
and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven (7) days in advance for meetings other than those held at shorter notice, 
and	a	system	exists	for	seeking	and	obtaining	further	information	and	clarifications	on	the	agenda	items	before	the	meeting	and	for	
meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions at the Board and committee meetings were carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the 
Board of Directors or Committees of the Board, as the case may be.
I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the 
Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
I further report that	during	the	audit	period	there	were	following	specific	events	/	actions	having	major	bearing	on	the	Company’s	
affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and standards etc. and the Company has duly complied 
with all applicable laws/rules/regulations with respect to the following: 
During the period under review: 
•	 The Board of Directors of the company approved to set up manufacturing facilities each for Alloy Wheels and Aluminum 
Steering Knuckles, both at Bhuj Gujarat, which shall result in an increase of the company’s production capacity by 1.2 million 
units per annum and 0.6 million units per annum, respectively. The company is in the process of obtaining necessary statutory 
and regulatory approvals and clearances, as may be required.
I further report that during the audit period, there were no instances of:
(i) Public / Rights / Preferential issue of shares /debentures / sweat equity.
(ii) Redemption / buy-back of securities.
(iii) Major decisions taken by the members in pursuance to section 180 of the Companies Act, 2013
(iv) Merger / amalgamation / reconstruction, etc. 
I further report that during the audit period, the Company entered into a Tripartite Agreement with Liuzhou Arays Technology Co. 
Limited and Hainan Jihoo Import & Export Co. Ltd., both companies based out of People’s Republic of China for Selection, supply, 
installation and commissioning of the machinery/equipment, transferring of the technical know-how and latest technologies to the 
Company for setting up of new manufacturing facility for alloy wheels at Bhuj, Gujarat.
Note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as ‘Annexure A’ and forms an integral part of this report.
For S. K. SIKKA & ASSOCIATES
Company Secretaries
Place: Chandigarh                                                                                               (Sushil Kumar Sikka)
Date: 03.09.2026                                  Company Secretary
                                                                                                                            FCS 4241
                                                                                                                           CP 3582 
Peer	Review	Certificate	No.:	7636/2026
UDIN:F004241H001350773
 

[page 38]
|| 35 ||
Annexure-A
To,
The Members, 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
Village Somalheri/Lehli, 
P.O. Dappar, Teh. Derabassi, 
Distt. SAS Nagar (Mohali), Punjab- 140506
My report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.
2. I have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness 
of	the	contents	of	the	secretarial	records.	The	verification	was	done	on	test	basis	to	ensure	that	correct	facts	are	reflected	in	
secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.
3. I	have	not	verified	the	correctness	and	appropriateness	of	financial	records	and	Books	of	Accounts	of	the	Company.
4. Wherever required, I have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, Rules, Regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
Management.	My	examination	was	limited	to	the	verification	of	procedures	on	test	basis.
6. The	Secretarial	Audit	report	is	neither	an	assurance	as	to	the	future	viability	of	the	Company	nor	of	the	efficacy	or	effectiveness	
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
               (Sushil Kumar Sikka) 
Place: Chandigarh                      Company Secretary
Date: 03.09.2026                                                         FCS 4241
                                                                                          CP 3582

[page 39]
|| 36 ||
Annexure-II
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT 
SECRETARIAL COMPLIANCE REPORT OF STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
 FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
To,
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
Village Somalheri/Lehli, 
P.O. Dappar, Teh. Derabassi, 
Distt. Mohali, Punjab- 140506 
I, Sushil Kumar Sikka, Practicing Company Secretary, Prop. of M/s S. K. Sikka & Associates, have examined:
(a)  all the documents and records made available to me and explanation provided by Steel Strips Wheels Limited (“the listed 
entity”), 
(b)	 the	filings/	submissions	made	by	the	listed	entity	to	the	stock	exchanges,		
(c)  website of the listed entity, 
(d)		 any	other	document/	filing,	as	may	be	relevant,	which	has	been	relied	upon	to	make	this	certification,	
for the year ended 31st March, 2026 (“Review Period”) in respect of compliance with the provisions of: 
(a)  the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (“SEBI Act”) and the Regulations, circulars, guidelines issued thereunder; 
and 
(b)  the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (“SCRA”), rules made thereunder and the Regulations, circulars, guidelines 
issued thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”); 
The	specific	regulations,	whose	provisions	and	the	circulars/	guidelines	issued	thereunder,	have	been	examined,	include:-	
(a) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 {SEBI LODR 
Regulations}; 
(b) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; (Not Applicable to 
the Company during the Review Period)
(c) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; 
(d) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not Applicable to the Company during the 
Review Period) 
e) Securities	and	Exchange	Board	of	India	(Share	Based	Employee	Benefits	and	Sweat	Equity)	Regulations,	2021{	SEBI	(SBEB)	
Regulations, 2021}; 
(f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021; (Not Applicable 
to the Company during the Review Period)
(g) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; 
(h) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 to the extent applicable.
and circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder;
and based on the above examination, I hereby report that during the Review Period :
(a) The listed entity has complied with the provisions of the above Regulations and circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder, except 
in	respect	of	matters	specified	below:	Not	Applicable
(b) The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous reports: Not Applicable
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 40]
|| 37 ||
(c) I hereby report that, during the review period the compliance status of the listed entity with the following requirements:
Sr. No Particulars Compliance Status 
(Yes/No/NA)
Observations/ 
Remarks by PCS
1.
Secretarial Standards: 
The compliances of the listed entity are in accordance 
with the applicable Secretarial Standards (SS) issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries India (ICSI).
YES -
2.
Adoption and timely updation of the Policies:
 • All applicable policies under SEBI Regulations are 
adopted with the approval of board of directors of the 
listed entities 
• All the policies are in conformity with SEBI Regulations 
and has been reviewed & timely updated as per the 
regulations/ circulars/guidelines issued by SEBI
YES
YES
-
-
3.
Maintenance and disclosures on Website: 
• The Listed entity is maintaining a functional website 
• Timely dissemination of the documents/ information 
under a separate section on the website 
• Web-links provided in annual corporate governance 
reports	under	Regulation	27(2)	are	accurate	and	specific	
which re-directs to the relevant document(s)/ section of 
the website
YES
YES
YES
-
-
-
4.
Disqualification of Director: 
None	of	the	Director(s)	of	the	Company	are	disqualified	
under Section 164 of Companies Act, 2013 YES -
5.
Details related to Subsidiaries of listed entities: 
(a)	Identification	of	material	subsidiary	companies	
(b) Requirements with respect to disclosure of material 
as well as other subsidiaries
NA
YES
The Company does 
not have  material 
subsidiary. 
-
6.
Preservation of Documents: 
The listed entity is preserving and maintaining records 
as prescribed under SEBI Regulations and disposal 
of records as per Policy of Preservation of Documents 
and Archival policy prescribed under SEBI LODR 
Regulations.
YES -
7.
Performance Evaluation: 
The listed entity has conducted performance evaluation 
of the Board, Independent Directors and the Committees 
at	the	start	of	every	financial	year		as	prescribed	in	SEBI	
Regulations
YES -
8.
Related Party Transactions: 
(a) The listed entity has obtained prior approval of Audit 
Committee for all related party transactions; 
(b) In case no prior approval obtained, the listed entity 
shall	provide	detailed	reasons	along	with	confirmation	
whether the transactions were subsequently approved/
ratified/rejected	by	the	Audit	committee
YES
NA
-
Please refer to point 
No. 8(a)
9.
Disclosure of events or information: 
The listed entity has provided all the required 
disclosure(s) under Regulation 30 along with Schedule 
III of SEBI LODR Regulations within the time limits 
prescribed thereunder.
YES -

[page 41]
|| 38 ||
10.
Prohibition of Insider Trading: 
The listed entity is in compliance with Regulation 3(5) & 
3(6) SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015
YES -
11.
Actions taken by SEBI or Stock Exchange(s), if any: 
No Actions taken against the listed entity/ its promoters/ 
directors/ subsidiaries either by SEBI or by Stock 
Exchanges (including under the Standard Operating 
Procedures issued by SEBI through various circulars) 
under SEBI Regulations and circulars/ guidelines issued 
thereunder
YES -
12.
Resignation of statutory auditors from the listed 
entity or its material subsidiaries 
In case of resignation of statutory auditor from the 
listed entity or any of its material subsidiaries during 
the	financial	year,	the	listed	entity	and/or	its	material	
subsidiary(ies) has/have complied with paragraph 6.1 
and 6.2 of section V-D of chapter V of the Master Circular 
on compliance with the provisions of the SEBI LODR 
Regulations by listed entities.
NA
There was no
resignation of 
statutory
auditors from the
Company or its
subsidiary
13.
Additional Non-compliances, if any: 
No additional non-compliance observed for any of the 
SEBI regulation/circular/guidance note etc. YES No  Non-Compliance 
was observed
14.
The listed entity to comply with the following requirements 
for	disclosure	of	Employee	Benefit	Scheme	Documents	
in terms of regulation 46(2)(za) of the SEBI  LODR 
Regulations read with SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/
CFD-PoD-2/CIR/P/2024/ 185 dated December 31, 2024:
a) The scheme document shall be uploaded on 
the website of the listed entity after obtaining 
shareholder approval as required under SEBI 
(SBEB) Regulations, 2021.
b) The documents uploaded on the website shall 
mandatorily have minimum information to be 
disclosed to shareholders as per SEBI (SBEB) 
Regulations, 2021.
c) The rationale for redacting information from the 
documents	 and	 the	 justification	 as	 to	 how	 such	
redacted information would affect competitive 
position or reveal commercial secrets of the listed 
entity shall be placed before the board of directors 
for consideration and approval.
YES
YES
NA
-
-
No redaction done.

[page 42]
|| 39 ||
Assumptions & Limitation of scope and Review:
1. Compliance of the applicable laws and ensuring the authenticity of documents and information furnished, are the responsibilities 
of the management of the listed entity.
2. My responsibility is to certify based upon my examination of relevant documents and information. This is neither an audit nor 
an expression of opinion.
3. I	have	not	verified	the	correctness	and	appropriateness	of	financial	Records	and	Books	of	Accounts	of	the	listed	entity.
4. This Report is solely for the intended purpose of compliance in terms of Regulation 24A (2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the listed entity nor of the 
efficacy	or	effectiveness	with	which	the	management	has	conducted	the	affairs	of	the	listed	entity.
For S. K. SIKKA & ASSOCIATES
Company Secretaries
Place: Chandigarh                                                                                               (Sushil Kumar Sikka)
Date: 20.05.2026                                  Company Secretary
                                                                                                                            FCS 4241
                                                                                                                           CP 3582 
Peer	Review	Certificate	No.:	7636/2026
UDIN: F004241H000415234

[page 43]
|| 40 ||
Annexure-III
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT
Form No. AOC - 2
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred to in sub-
section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under fourth proviso thereto
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis
 Number of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm‘s length basis: Nil
Block – 1
Corporate identity number (CIN) or foreign company registration number (FCRN) or Limited Liability 
Partnership number (LLPIN) or Foreign Limited Liability Partnership number (FLLPIN) or Permanent Account 
Number (PAN)/Passport for individuals or any other registration number
NA
Name(s) of the related party NA
Nature of relationship NA
Nature of contracts/ arrangements/ transactions NA
Duration of the contracts / arrangements/ transactions NA
Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transactions including actual / expected contractual 
amount NA
Justification	for	entering	into	such	contracts	or	arrangements	or	transactions NA
Date of approval by the Board NA
Amount paid as advances, if any NA
Date	on	which	the	resolution	was	passed	in	general	meeting	as	required	under	first	proviso	to	section	188 NA
SRN of MGT-14 NA
2.  Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm’s length basis
  Number of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm‘s length basis: NIL
BLOCK-1
Corporate identity number (CIN) or foreign company registration number (FCRN) or Limited Liability 
Partnership number (LLPIN) or Foreign Limited Liability Partnership number (FLLPIN) or Permanent Account 
Number (PAN)/Passport for individuals or any other registration number
NA
Name(s) of the related party NA
Nature of relationship NA
Nature of contracts/ arrangements/ transactions NA
Duration of the contracts / arrangements/ transactions NA
Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transactions including actual / expected contractual 
amount NA
Date of approval by the Board NA
Amount paid as advances, if any NA
For and on behalf of the Board
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Date: 03.09.2026                             (Rajinder Kumar Garg)
Place: Chandigarh            Chairman
                    DIN: 00034827
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 44]
|| 41 ||
Annexure-IV
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT
Particulars of Energy Conservation, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo required under 
Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
(i) Steps taken or impact on conservation of energy
 The Company continues to strengthen its sustainability journey through focused initiatives aimed at enhancing 
environmental performance and advancing its ESG commitments. During the year, the Company undertook several 
measures to increase the share of renewable energy in its operations while implementing water conservation initiatives to 
move	towards	water	stewardship	at	its	Dappar	Plant	and	Chennai	Plant.	The	Company	has	made	significant	progress	in	
expanding the use of hybrid renewable power and strengthening rainwater harvesting infrastructure to improve its overall 
sustainability performance. These initiatives are expected to reduce the Company’s environmental footprint by lowering 
greenhouse gas emissions and promoting responsible water resource management.
 With the successful implementation of the projects currently underway, the Company expects its Dappar Plant to become 
water	positive	during	FY	2026–27,	marking	a	significant	milestone	in	the	Company’s	commitment	to	sustainable	operations	
and long-term environmental resilience.
(ii) Steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy
 The Company is continuously working to enhance the share of renewable energy in its overall electricity consumption 
as part of its continued commitment to sustainability, clean energy and decarbonization. As part of these ongoing efforts, 
SSWL	expects	to	source	approximately	650	lakh	units	of	electricity	from	renewable	energy	during	FY	2026–27,	significantly	
reducing its dependence on conventional grid power and contributing to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
(iii) The Capital investment on energy conservation equipments
 The Company invested approximately Rs.10.00 crore in various renewable energy projects during the previous year. 
Building on this commitment, the Company has earmarked an additional investment of approximately Rs.15.00 crore for 
FY 2026–27 to further explore and implement alternative renewable energy solutions aimed at increasing the use of clean 
energy	and	enhancing	its	green	footprint.	These	investments	reflect	the	Company’s	continued	commitment	to	sustainability,	
reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and advancing its long-term energy transition and de-carbonization objectives.
B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
(i) The efforts made towards technology absorption:
	 During	 the	financial	year	under	review,	your	company	entered	into	a	Tripartite	Agreement	with	Liuzhou	Arays	Technology	
Co. Limited (hereinafter “Arays”) and Hainan Jihoo Import & Export Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Hainan”), both companies based 
out of People’s Republic of China for Selection, supply, installation and commissioning of the machinery/equipment, 
transferring of the technical know-how and latest technologies to the Company for setting up of new manufacturing facility 
for alloy wheels at Bhuj, Gujarat.  
	 ARAYS	 is	a	well-known	manufacturer	in	the	field	of	alloy	wheel manufacturing.	It	has	complete	facilities	for	alloy	wheel	
production in China and currently provides services to global automobile factories and the global aftermarket. It has 
good cooperative relationships with related equipment manufacturers worldwide and also offers technical guidance and 
equipment procurement externally. HAINAN agreed to undertake export, invoicing and foreign trade compliance, for the 
machinery and equipment.
   The Company has a Government of India approved R & D Centre.
      The Company has made efforts towards: -
- Design and development of new wheel rims
- Design and development of new dies and tools
(ii) The benefits derived as a result of the above
- Better yield
- Better performance of products
- Reduced cost of products
- Reduction in process wastages
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 45]
|| 42 ||
- Better productivity
-	 Value	addition	to	customers	by	way	of	reduced	weight	of	the 	wheel	rims,	leading	to	better	fuel	efficiency.
(iii) Details of imported technology (imported during the last three (3) years)
(a) The details of the technology imported
 The Company has not imported any technology during the last three (3) years.
(b) The year of import
        Not Applicable
(c) Whether the technology been fully absorbed
     Not Applicable 
(d) If not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place and the reasons thereof;
       Not applicable
(iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development
                                                                                                                           (Rs. In lakhs)
Particulars  Year ended 
31.03.2026 
Year ended 
31.03.2025 
Capital 27.45 3162.87
Recurring 2052.64 1868.52
Total 2080.09 5031.39
Total R&D Expenditure as a percentage of Turnover 0.40% 1.14%
C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
                                                                                                                                                    (Rs. In lakhs)
Particulars  Year ended 
31.03.2026
Year ended 
31.03.2025
The	Foreign	Exchange	earned	in	terms	of	actual	inflows	during	the	financial	year 50,873.51 55,638.61
The	Foreign	Exchange	outgo	during	the	financial	year	in	terms	of	actual	outflows 72,302.35     59,811.04 
For and on behalf of the Board
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Place: Chandigarh                                                                (Rajinder Kumar Garg)
Date: 03.09.2026                                   Chairman
DIN: 00034827

[page 46]
|| 43 ||
Annexure-V
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY
{Pursuant to the Section 135 of Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) 
Rules, 2014}
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company
 The Company believes in corporate excellence and social welfare. This corporate philosophy is the force for integrating 
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) into Company’s values, culture, operation and business decisions at all levels of the 
organization. Being a responsible corporate citizen, the Company has a value system of giving back to society and improving 
the quality of life of communities and its surrounding environment.
 The Company believes that a corporate strategy which embraces social development as an integral part of the business 
activities ensures long term sustainability of business enterprises. With this belief, the Company is committed to conducting its 
business in a socially responsible, ethical and environment friendly manner and to continuously work towards improving quality 
of life of the local communities in its operational areas.
 As part of CSR initiatives, the Company, during the FY 2025-26, spent an aggregate amount of Rs. 6,34,95,050.00 for the 
CSR Activities undertaken through multiple initiatives in the areas of promotion of education,  healthcare facilities including 
preventive	health	care,	medical	financial	assistance,	rural	area	development,	ensuring	Environment	Sustainability	and	Green	
area development, cleanliness, eradication of poverty and promotion of nationally recognized sports & rural sports. The 
aforesaid	CSR	initiatives	taken	by	the	company	were	in	accordance	with	the	activities	defined	under	Schedule	VII	of	the	
Companies Act, 2013, the Company’s CSR policy and the Company’s CSR Annual Action Plan as approved by the Board of 
Directors	for	the	financial	year	under	review.
2. Composition of Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability Committee (CSRS Committee): 
S. 
No. Name of Director Designation/ Nature of 
Directorship
Number of meetings 
of CSRS Committee 
held during the year/
tenure 
Number of meetings 
of CSRS Committee 
attended during the 
year
1 Sh. Virander Kumar Arya Chairman, Independent Director 5 5
2 Sh. Manohar Lal Jain Member, Executive Director 5 5
3 Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta Member, Independent Director 5 5
4 Sh. Mohan Joshi* Member, Executive Director 
(Deputy Managing Director) 5 5
 *  Sh. Mohan Joshi ceased to be member of the CSRS Committee w.e.f. 03.06.2026, post his resignation from the Directorship 
of the company.
3. Web-link where Composition of CSRS Committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed 
on the website of the company: 
1.
Composition of the CSRS committee 
shared above and is available on the 
Company’s website on:
https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-governance#composition-of-
committees-of-sswl 
2. CSR Policy https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/csr-policy.pdf 
3. CSR projects: https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-social-responsibility 
4. Details of the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in 
pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable: Not Applicable
5. (a)				Average	net	profit	of	the	company	as	per	section	135(5):	Rs.	2,76,33,29,312.97
(b) Two	percent	of	average	net	profit	of	the	company	as	per	section	135(5):	Rs.	5,52,66,586.26
(c)		 Surplus	arising	out	of	the	CSR	projects	or	programmes	or	activities	of	the	previous	financial	years:	NIL
(d)		 Amount	required	to	be	set	off	for	the	financial	year,	if	any:	Rs.	78,37,239.80
(e)		 Total	CSR	obligation	for	the	financial	year	[(b)+(c)-(d)]:	Rs.	4,74,29,346.46
6. (a)    Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Projects and other than Ongoing Projects): Rs. 6,18,30,017
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 47]
|| 44 ||
(b)  Amount spent in Administrative overheads: Rs. 16,65,033
(c)  Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: NIL
(d)  Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]: Rs. 6,34,95,050
(e)  CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year 2025-26:
Total Amount 
Spent for the 
Financial Year 
(in Rs.)
Amount Unspent (in Rs.)
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135(5)
Amount
(in Rs.) Date of transfer Name of the 
Fund
Amount
(in Rs.) Date of transfer
Rs. 
6,34,95,050 NA NA NA NA NA 
(f)  Excess amount for set off, if any: 
S. NO. Particulars Amount 
(i) Two	percent	of	average	net	profit	of	the	company	as	per	section	135(5)* Rs. 4,74,29,346.46
(ii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year Rs. 6,34,95,050.00
(iii) Excess	amount	spent	for	the	financial	year	[(ii)-(i)] Rs. 1,60,65,703.54
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the 
previous	financial	years,	if	any Nil
(v) Amount	available	for	set	off	in	succeeding	financial	years	[(iii)-(iv)] Rs. 1,60,65,703.54
	 *Two	 percent	of	average	net	profit	of	the	company	as	per	section	135(5)	is	Rs.	5,52,66,586.26	.	However,	the	amount	in	
the	above	table	has	been	reduced	by	Rs.	78,37,239.80	i.e.	the	amount	available	for	set	off	from	previous	financial	year	
2024-25.
7. Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three financial years:
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8)
S.NO. 
Preceding 
Financial 
Year
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under 
section 135 
(6)
(in Rs.)  
Balance 
Amount in 
Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under 
sub-
section 
(6) of 
section 
135 (in 
Rs.)
Amount 
spent 
in the 
Financial 
Year (in 
Rs.)
Amount 
transferred to a 
Fund as specified 
under Schedule 
VII as per second 
proviso to sub-
section (5) of 
section 135, if any
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
financial 
years
(in Rs.)
Deficiency, if 
any
Amount
(in Rs.) 
Date of 
transfer
1. 2024-25 Not Applicable
2. 2023-24 Not Applicable
3. 2022-23 Not Applicable
TOTAL Not Applicable
8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in 
the Financial Year? Yes/ No: Yes
 If yes, enter the number of Capital assets created/ acquired: 8

[page 48]
|| 45 ||
 Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount 
spent in the Financial Year:
Capital Assets CSR  - FY 2025-26
S. 
No.
Short 
particulars of 
the property 
or asset(s)
PINCODE 
of the 
property or 
asset(s)
Date of 
Creation
Amount of CSR 
spent Details of entity/ Authority/ beneficiary of the registered 
owner
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5)
(6)
CSR registration 
number, if 
applicable
Name Registered address
1
Construction 
of Govt. 
Primary 
Smart School   
Chandheri 
(Punjab)
140506 31.03.2026 ₹	69,41,700 NA
Govt. Primary 
Smart School   
Chandheri
Govt. Primary Smart 
School (earlier Govt. 
Primary School)  
Chandheri, PO- Dappar, 
Tehsil- Derabassi, SAS 
Nagar, Punjab
2
Construction 
of Govt. High 
School  at 
Hasanpur 
(Punjab)
140501 31.03.2026 ₹	83,54,395 NA
Govt. High 
School 
Hasanpur
Govt. High School 
Hasanpur, Village & 
PO Dappar, Tehsil,- 
Derabassi, SAS Nagar 
Punjab 
3
Construction 
of School, 
Martoli
384430 31.03.2026 ₹	38,25,800 NA
Secondary 
School 
Martoli
Secondary School 
Martoli, Village & 
Post	Office	Martoli,	
Tehsil(Taluka) 	Jotana,	
District Mehsana, Gujrat.
4
“OPD 
Infrastructure 
Strengthening 
& Green 
Patient 
Comfort Zone 
Initiative” 
Community 
Health Center 
Lalru & 
Community 
Center 
Dhakoli 
140501 31.03.2026 ₹	9,49,965 NA
Community 
Health 
Center 
Dhakoli,  
Community Health 
Centre, Lalru, Tehsil 
Dera bassi, SAS Nagar 
PB &  Community 
Health Center Dhakoli, 
SAS Nagar – Punjab 
5
Strengthen 
Rural Govt. 
Hospital 
Centre 
at  Jeoli - 
Establishment 
of Lab Jeoli 
140501 31.03.2026 ₹	2,51,571 NA
Community 
Health 
Center 
Dhakoli,  
Govt. Health Cente-
Jeoli, Derabassi, 
SAS Nagar 140501                    
&  Community Health 
Centre Dhakoli 
6
Automatic 
fogging 
machine given 
to Primary 
Health Centre 
at Katosan 
Mehsana,  
Gujarat 
384430 31.03.2026 ₹	23,100 NA
Primary 
Health 
Center
Primary Health Center 
Katosan Tehsil Jotana 
Distt Mehsana Gujarat 
7
Construction 
of Community 
Centre
148033 31.03.2026 ₹	2,02,38,737 CSR00002756 Hans Raj 
Trust
Hans Raj Trust, 
Registered	office-	SCO	
49-50, Sector 26, 
Chandigarh. 

[page 49]
|| 46 ||
8
Project Skill 
development 
& 
employability 
enhancement 
at Govt ITI 
Moonak, 
Punjab  
-Welding 
Machine 
Provided to 
ITI.
148033 31.03.2026 ₹	1,32,160 NA
Govt ITI (W) 
Moonak, 
Sangrur , 
Punjab
Govt ITI (W) Moonak, 
Sangrur , Punjab
  Total ₹ 4,07,17,428
9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5): 
Not applicable.   
Date: 03.09.2026   (Sh. Dheeraj Garg)                                                 (Sh. Virander Kumar Arya)
Place: Chandigarh                              Managing Director                Chairman, CSRS Committee
           DIN: 00034926   DIN: 00751005

[page 50]
|| 47 ||
Annexure-VI
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT
PARTICULARS OF REMUNERATION
The information required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rule 5 (1) of Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of the Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, in respect of employees of the Company, is as follows: -
(a)  The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the 
financial year;
Name of Person Designation Ratio of Median Remuneration
Sh. Dheeraj Garg Managing Director 267.69
Sh. Mohan Joshi Deputy Managing Director 43.62
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain Executive Director 18.42
 Note: The Non-Executive Directors of the Company are entitled to sitting fees only for attending Board Meetings and Audit 
Committee Meetings as per the statutory provisions, the details of which are provided in Corporate Governance Report. The 
ratio of remuneration and percentage increase for Non-Executive Director’s remuneration is therefore not considered for the 
above said purpose. 
(b)  The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief  Executive Officer, Company 
Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year;
Name of Person Designation Percentage increase in remuneration
Sh. Dheeraj Garg Managing Director -3.08
Sh. Mohan Joshi@ Deputy Managing Director N.A.
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain Executive Director 5.15
Sh. Naveen Sorot# Chief	Financial	Officer N.A.
Sh. Rahul Kumar$ Chief	Financial	Officer N.A.
Ms. Kanika Sapra^ Company Secretary N.A.
 @Sh. Mohan Joshi was appointed as the Executive Director designated as Deputy Managing Director w.e.f. 29.08.2024. 
	 #Sh.	Naveen	Sorot	ceased	to	be	the	Chief	Financial	Officer	 of	the	Company	w.e.f.	12.09.2025.
	 $Sh.	Rahul	Kumar	was	appointed	as	the	Chief	Financial	Officer	of	the	Company	w.e.f.	12.11.2025.
	 ^Ms.	Kanika	Sapra	was	appointed	as	the	Company	Secretary	of	the	company	w.e.f.	30.10.2024.	
 Due to the aforementioned changes, the percentage increase in the remuneration of these persons has not been reported here. 
(c)   The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year
        5.40%
(d)   The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company: 
 As on March 31, 2026, the Company had 3063 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company. Of these total employees, 
2987 were males and 76 were females.
(e)  Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last 
financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof 
and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration
 Average increase in remuneration is 9.10% for employees other than Key Managerial Personnel and  8.85% for Key Managerial 
Personnel. The remuneration of employees and Managerial Personnel is decided based on the individual performance, 
Company’s	overall	performance,	inflation,	prevailing	industry	trends	and	benchmark.	
(f)    Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company
								The	Company	affirms	that	remuneration	is	as	per	the	Nomination	and	Remuneration	policy	of	the	Company.
                                                                                                                                                              For and on behalf of the Board
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Date: 03.09.2026          (Rajinder Kumar Garg)
Place: Chandigarh                                                                                                      Chairman
DIN: 00034827
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 51]
|| 48 ||
CORPORATE 
                        GOVERNANCE REPORT
COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF GOVERNANCE
Effective Corporate Governance practices constitute the strong foundation on which successful commercial enterprises are built to 
last. The philosophy of Steel Strips Wheels Limited (“the Company” or “SSWL”) in relation to Corporate Governance is to ensure 
transparent disclosures and reporting that conforms fully to laws, regulations and guidelines and to promote ethical conduct 
throughout the organization with the primary objective of enhancing stakeholders’ value while being a responsible corporate citizen. 
The Company has always thrived towards building trust with its shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers, regulators and 
other stakeholders based on the principles of good Corporate Governance. 
The	Company	has	adopted	Code	of	Conduct	for	its	employees,	officers	and	Directors.	In	addition,	the	Company’s	Independent	
Directors adhere to “Code for Independent Directors” as provided in Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”). The 
Company’s corporate governance philosophy has been further strengthened through Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider 
Trading, Code of Practices and Procedures for fair disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI), Anti-Bribery & 
Corruption Policy, Human Rights Policy, Equal Employment Opportunities Policy, and Code of Conduct for Business Partners.
The Company is in compliance with the requirements stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses (b) 
to (i) and (t) of Regulation 46(2) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 {“SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015”}, as applicable, with regard to Corporate Governance. This report is to be read 
with Board’s Report and all its annexures for comprehensive understanding on Corporate Governance practices of the Company.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors (“the Board”) of the Company is entrusted with the ultimate responsibility of the management, formulation 
of business plan and policies, devising corporate strategy, overseeing general affairs, guiding the direction and performance of the 
Company, enhancing shareholder value, safeguarding the interest of all stakeholders, ensuring compliances of all applicable laws 
of the land in letter as well as in spirit and long term success of business as a whole. The Board has been vested with requisite 
powers, authorities and duties. The Board of the Company consists of optimum combination of Executive, Non- Executive and 
Independent	Directors	including	Women	Directors,	who	have	wide	and	varied	experience	in	the	field	of	Engineering,	Finance,	
Business Management, Administration, Taxation, Human Resource, Corporate Planning, Corporate Laws, Industry, Commerce, 
Education, etc.
(i) Composition and Category of the Directors: The Composition of the Board of the Company is in conformity with Regulation 
17 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read with Section 149 of the Act. As on 31.03.2026, the Company’s Board consisted of 
eleven (11) Directors. Of the said eleven Directors:-
a) three (3) (i.e. 27.27%) are Executive Directors(EDs) (one ED belonging to promoter category); 
b) eight (8) (i.e. 72.27%) are Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) as per the following details: -
•	 two (2) (i.e. 18.18%) are Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors out of which one (1) is Non-Executive Chairman 
belonging to promoter category and; 
•	 six (6) (i.e. 54.54%) are Independent Directors (including two Women Independent Directors). 
	 Brief	 profiles	of	the	directors	are	available	on	the	website	of	the	Company	at	https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/migrated/
brief_profiles/Brief-Profile-of-Directors.pdf
(ii) As	specified	in	Section	165	(1)	of	the	Act,	none	of	the	Directors	of	the	Company	held	directorships	including	any	alternate	
Directorship in more than twenty (20) companies nor did they serve as a Director in more than ten (10) public limited companies. 
	 Further,	 as	specified	in	Regulation	17A	of	the	SEBI	(LODR)	Regulations,	2015,	none	of	the	Directors	of	the	Company	is	a	
Director (including any alternate directorships) in more than seven (7) listed entities or serves as an Independent Director in 
more than seven (7) listed companies and none of the Whole Time Director/Managing Director of the Company serves as an 
Independent Director in any listed entity.Moreover, none of the Independent Directors on the Board of the Company serve as 
Non-Independent Director of any company on the Board of which any of the Company’s other Non-Independent Director is an 
Independent Director.
	 Furthermore,	 as	specified	in	Regulation	26(1)(b)	of	the	SEBI	(LODR)	Regulations,	2015,	none	of	the	Directors	on	the	Board	is	
a Member of more than 10 Committees or Chairperson of more than 5 Committees {considering only Audit and Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee} across all the public limited companies in which he/she is a Director. Necessary disclosures regarding 
committee positions in other public companies as on 31.03.2026 have been made by the Directors. 
(iii)		 Independent	Directors	are	Non-Executive	Directors	as	defined	under	Regulation	16(1)(b)	of	SEBI	(LODR)	Regulations,	
2015 read with Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed thereunder. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, all the Independent Directors have declared that they meet the criteria of Independence as provided under 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _  

[page 52]
|| 49 ||
section	149	of	the	Act	and	Regulation	16(1)(b)	of	SEBI	(LODR)	Regulations,	2015,	and	have	also	confirmed	that	they	are	not	
aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to 
discharge	their	duties	with	an	objective,	independent	judgment	and	without	any	external	influence,	and	they	are	not	debarred	
from	holding	the	office	of	Director	by	virtue	of	any	SEBI	order	or	any	other	authority.	Further,	in	terms	of	Section	150	of	the	Act	
read	with	Rule	6	of	the	Companies	(Appointment	&	Qualification	of	Directors)	Rules,	2014,	all	the	Independent	Directors	of	
the	Company	have	confirmed	that	they	have	enrolled	themselves	in	the	Independent	Directors	Databank	maintained	with	the	
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA). The maximum tenure of the Independent Directors is in compliance with the SEBI 
(LODR)	Regulations,	2015	as	well	as	the	Act	and	rules	framed	thereunder	and	clarifications/circulars	issued	by	the	Ministry	of	
Corporate Affairs in this regard from time to time. 
	 Based	 on	the	declarations	received	from	the	Independent	Directors,	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company	has	confirmed	that	
they meet the criteria of independence as mentioned under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read 
with Section 149(6) of the Act and that they are independent of the management. 
(iv) Disclosure of relationship between Directors inter-se: Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg, who is the Chairman & Non-Executive Director 
of the Company is father of Sh. Dheeraj Garg, the Managing Director of the Company, hence related to each other and both 
belong to the promoter category. None of the other Directors of the Company are in any way related to each other.
(v) During	the	financial	year	(FY)	2025-26,	five	(5)	Board	Meetings	were	held	on	15.05.2025,	01.08.2025,	12.11.2025,	26.12.2025	
and 22.01.2026 and the gap between any two consecutive meetings did not exceed one hundred twenty days (120) as stipulated 
under Regulation 17(2) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, Secretarial Standards and the Act. The necessary quorum was 
present throughout at all the meetings and in case of any exigency/urgency, the Board’s approval was taken through circular 
resolution(s). The circular resolution(s) were noted at the subsequent Board Meetings.
(vi) The	names	and	categories	of	the	Directors	on	the	Board,	Directors	Identification	Number	(DIN),	their	attendance	at	Board	
Meetings	held	during	the	financial	year	under	review	and	at	the	last	Annual	General	Meeting	(“AGM”),	name	of	other	listed	
entities in which he/she is a Director (including category of directorship) and the number of Directorships and Committee’s 
Chairpersonships/Memberships held by them in other Public Companies as on 31.03.2026 are given herein below. Other 
Directorships do not include directorships of Private Limited Companies, Foreign Companies, and Companies registered under 
Section 8 of the Act. 
 For the purpose of determination of the limit of the Board Committees, Chairpersonships/ Memberships of the Audit Committee 
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee has been considered as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
Name of 
Director, 
Designation 
& DIN
Category
No. of 
Board 
meetings 
held 
during 
the year/
tenure 
of the 
Director
No. of 
Board 
meetings 
attended 
Whether 
attended 
last AGM 
held on 
30.09.2025
No. of Directorships 
held in other Public 
companies
No. of Committee positions 
held in other public 
companies
Directorships in other 
Listed entity (Category of 
Directorship)Chairper 
sonship
Membership 
(incl. 
Chairper
sonship)
Chairper 
sonship
Membership 
(incl. Chairper
sonship)
Sh. Rajinder 
Kumar Garg
(Chairperson)
DIN:
00034827
Non–
Executive 
Director
(Promoter)
5 5 No 2 3 - -
1. Indian Acrylics Limited 
(Managing Director) - 
Promoter
2. SAB Industries Limited 
(Chairperson, Non-
Executive Director) - 
Promoter
3. Steel Strips Infrastructures 
Limited (Chairperson, 
Non-Executive Director) - 
Promoter
Sh. Dheeraj 
Garg (Managing 
Director)
DIN: 00034926
Executive 
Director 
(Promoter)
5 4 Yes - 1 - 2
Indian Acrylics Limited (Whole 
time Director, Additional 
Managing Director)-Promoter
Sh. Mohan 
Joshi* (Deputy 
Managing 
Director)
DIN: 07526082
Executive 
Director 5 4 Yes - - - - -
Sh. Manohar Lal 
Jain
(Executive 
Director)
DIN: 00034591
Executive 
Director 5 5 Yes - 3 - - -
Sh. Sanjay Garg
(Director)
DIN: 00030956
Non–
Executive 
Non-
Independent 
Director
 
5 5 No - 6 1 3
1. SAB Industries Limited
(Executive Director, 
Additional Managing 
Director)
2. Steel Strips Infrastructures 
Limited (Executive 
Director, Managing 
Director)

[page 53]
|| 50 ||
Sh. Sanjay 
Surajprakash 
Sahni**
(Director)
DIN: 08263029
Nominee of 
Tata Steel 
Ltd (Equity 
Investor), 
Non–
Executive 
Non- 
Independent 
Director
5 3 No - - - - -
Sh. Virander 
Kumar Arya 
(Director)
DIN: 00751005
Independent            
Director 5 5 Yes - 2 - 4
1. SAB Industries Limited 
(Independent Director)
2. Steel Strips 
Infrastructures Limited 
(Independent Director)
Sh. Ajit Singh 
Chatha 
(Director)
DIN: 02289613
Independent             
Director 5 1 Yes - - - - -
Sh. Shashi 
Bhushan Gupta 
(Director)
DIN: 00154404
Independent             
Director 5 5 Yes - 2 - - Indian Acrylics Limited 
(Independent Director)
Smt. Deva 
Bharathi Reddy 
(Director)
DIN: 08763741
Independent            
Director 5 2 No - 1 - - Indian Acrylics Limited 
(Independent Director)
Sh. Siddharth 
Bansal
(Director)
DIN: 02909820
Independent            
Director 5 1 No - - - - -
Smt. Sukhvinder 
Khanna (Director)
DIN: 10744212
Independent            
Director 5 5 No - - - - -
 *Sh. Mohan Joshi ceased to be the Deputy Managing Director (Executive Director) of the Company with effect from close of 
business hours of 03.06.2026.
 * * Sh. Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni, Nominee of Tata Steel Ltd (Equity Investor), ceased to be the Director of the Company with 
effect	from	close	of	business	hours	of	18.03.2026.
	 The	attendance	of	Directors	at	the	Board	Meetings	held	during	the	financial	year	under	review	is	as	follows:
Name of Director Date of Meetings
15.05.2025 01.08.2025 12.11.2025 26.12.2025 22.01.2026
Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg ü ü ü ü ü
Sh. Dheeraj Garg ü ü û ü ü
Sh. Mohan Joshi* ü ü ü ü û
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain ü ü ü ü ü
Sh. Sanjay Garg ü ü ü ü ü
Sh. Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni** ü û ü û ü
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya ü ü ü ü ü
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha û ü û û û
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta ü ü ü ü ü
Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy ü û û û ü
Sh. Siddharth Bansal û û û ü û
Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna ü ü ü ü ü
 *Sh. Mohan Joshi ceased to be Deputy Managing Director (Executive Director) of the Company with effect from close of 
business hours of 03.06.2026.
 **  Sh. Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni, Nominee of Tata Steel Ltd (Equity Investor), ceased to be the Director of the Company with 
effect	from	close	of	business	hours	of	18.03.2026.
(vii) During	the	financial	year	2025-26,	information	as	specified	in	Part	A	of	Schedule	II	of	the	SEBI	(LODR)	Regulations,	2015,	has	
been placed before the Board of Directors for its discussion and consideration as required under Regulation 17(7) of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015.
(viii) The Board periodically reviews compliance reports pertaining to all laws applicable to the Company as required under Regulation 
17(3) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Necessary steps are taken to rectify instances of non-compliances, if any. 
(ix) The	Board	has	satisfied	itself	that	plans	are	in	place	for	orderly	succession	for	appointment	to	the	Board	of	Directors	and	Senior	
Management. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee works along with the Personnel & Administration Department 
of the company as well as the Managing Director to develop and maintain a structured leadership succession plan. The 
succession plans are closely aligned with the strategy and long-term needs of the Company.

[page 54]
|| 51 ||
(x) Details of number of equity shares and convertible instruments of the Company held by the Directors (Executive and Non-
Executive) as on 31.03.2026 are given below:
(a) Executive Directors
Name of the Director Category/Designation No. of equity shares held 
(FV Rs. 1/- each) Percentage(%)
Sh. Dheeraj Garg Managing Director 46402280 29.52
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain Executive Director 147756 0.09
Sh. Mohan Joshi Executive Director
(Deputy Managing Director) 34000 0.02
(b) Non-Executive Directors
Name of the Director Category/ Designation No. of equity shares held
(FV Rs. 1/- each) Percentage (%)
Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg Chairman, Non-Executive Director 3055333 1.94 
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya Independent Director 2500 0.002
Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna Independent Director 10000 0.006
Notes:
(i) Apart from receiving sitting fees and dividend declared by the Company on the shares held, if any, none of the Non-
Executive or Independent Directors has any material pecuniary relationship or transaction with the Company.
(ii) The Executive Directors and/or Non-Executive Directors of the Company do not hold any convertible instruments of 
the	Company.	However,	as	on	31.03.2026,	Sh.	Mohan	Joshi	held	75000	stock	options	convertible	into	equal	number	
of	 equity	 shares	 of	 FV	 Rs.	 1/-	 each	 under	 “Steel	 Strips	 Wheels	 Limited-	 Employee	 Stock	 Option	 Scheme,	 2021”	
(ESOS	2021)	at	an	exercise	price	of	Rs.	20/-	per	option.	These	options	stand	forfeited	due	to	his	resignation.
(xi) Matrix setting out the skills/expertise/competence of the Board of Directors: The Board comprises of persons who are experts 
with varied experiences in different areas who bring in the required skills, competence and expertise that allows them to make 
effective contribution to the Company. These experts helps the company in achieving its objectives while operating effectively, 
responsibly	and	sustainably.	To	operate	effectively,	the	Board	has	identified	the	following	skills/expertise/competencies	
fundamental for the effective functioning of the Company’s business and sector and those actually available with the Board 
alongwith the name of Directors is given below: 
Skills Description
Leadership Capacity to steer the organization’s vision and strategy while upholding governance, integrity 
and accountability.
Global Business/ Emerging 
market experience
Understanding of global business dynamics, across various geographical markets, industry 
verticals and regulatory jurisdictions.
Strategy and Planning Appreciation of long-term trends, strategic choices and experience in guiding and leading 
management teams to make decisions in uncertain environments.
Governance and Regulatory 
Oversight
Experience in developing governance practices, serving the best interests of all stakeholders, 
maintaining board and management accountability, building long-term effective stakeholder 
engagements and driving corporate ethics and values.
Sales and Marketing 
Exposure
Developing strategies to protect and grow brand equity and distribution reach. Understanding 
evolution in channels and strategies required to protect and grow the business and its 
potential to recommend plans to leverage the developments effectively for growth and 
efficiency.
Financial Experience and 
Risk Oversight
Evaluating	the	financial	viability	of	various	strategic	proposals,	review	of	capital	budgets,	
financial	results/	statements,	risks	associated	with	the	business	and	the	minimization	
procedure.
Understanding of Industry & 
Operations Understanding of Auto-components manufacturing industry and its operations.
Technology and Innovation Ability to understand and appreciate the importance & robust use of latest technology in 
various aspects of business.

[page 55]
|| 52 ||
Skills  Sh. 
Rajinder
Kumar 
Garg
Sh. 
Dheeraj 
Garg
Sh. 
Mohan 
Joshi  
Sh. 
Manohar 
Lal Jain 
Sh. Sanjay 
Suraj 
Prakash
Sahni
(till 
18.03.2026)
Sh. 
Siddharth 
Bansal
Sh. 
Virander 
Kumar
Arya
Sh. 
Ajit 
Singh 
Chatha
Sh. 
Shashi
Bhushan
Gupta
Smt. 
Sukhvinder 
Khanna
Smt. 
Deva 
Bharathi 
Reddy
Sh. 
Sanjay 
Garg
Leadership ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü
Global
Business/
Emerging 
market 
experience
ü ü ü ü ü ü - ü ü ü - ü
Strategy and
Planning ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü
Governance 
and
Regulatory 
Oversight
ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü
Sales and 
Marketing
Exposure ü ü ü - ü ü - - - - - ü
Financial 
Experience
and Risk 
Oversight
ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü
Understanding 
of
Industry & 
Operations
ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü
Technology 
and Innovation ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü
SELECTION, APPOINTMENT AND CRITERIA FOR BOARD MEMBERSHIP
The Company strives to cultivate a broad spectrum of demographic attributes and characteristics in the board room that elevates 
the Board’s effectiveness to provide foresight and add value to the decision-making process. 
Considering the requirements of the skill-sets on the Board, persons who qualify the criteria set by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee (NRC) and who can effectively contribute to the Company’s business and policy decisions are considered and 
recommended by the NRC for appointment as new Directors on the Board of the Company.
The	Board	of	Directors	is	collectively	responsible	for	selection	of	a	member	on	the	Board.	The	NRC	of	the	Company	follows	defined	
criteria for identifying, screening, recruiting and recommending candidates for selection as a Director on the Board. The criteria for 
nominating/appointing a person to the Board, interalia, include: 
•	 Composition of the Board, which is commensurate with the size of the Company, its portfolio, geographical spread and its 
status as a Listed Company; 
•	 Desired age and diversity on the Board; 
•	 Size of the Board with optimal balance of Executive and Non-Executive Directors in consistence with the requirements of law; 
•	 Professional	qualifications,	skills,	expertise	and	experience	in	specific	area	of	business;	
•	 Balance of skills and expertise in view of the objectives and activities of the Company; 
•	 Avoidance	of	any	present	or	potential	conflict	of	interest;	
•	 Availability of time and other commitments for proper performance of duties; 
•	 Personal characteristics being in line with the Company’s values, such as integrity, honesty, transparency, leadership skills, 
pioneering mindset.
•	 any other criteria which may be added by the Board at its discretion.
Upon evaluation, the NRC presents its recommendations to the Board. Subsequently, the Board also reviews and approves the 
appointment of Directors, which is then recommended to the members of the company for their approval.
FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The	Independent	Directors	of	Company	are		dignified	individuals	having	wide	experience	in	the	field	of	Engineering,	Finance,	
Business Management, Administration, Taxation, Human Resource, Corporate Planning, Corporate Laws, Industry, Commerce, 
Education, etc. Their presence on the Board has been advantageous and fruitful in taking business decisions. As required under 
Regulation 46 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors including 

[page 56]
|| 53 ||
their role, responsibility and duties are disclosed on the Company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/Terms-
and-Conditions-of-Appointment-of-Independent-Director.pdf. 
 When a new Independent Director is appointed on the Board of the Company, a meeting is arranged with the Chairperson, Managing 
Director,	Executive	Director(s),	Chief	Financial	Officer	and	Company	Secretary	of	the	Company	to	brief	him/her	about	the	Company,	
nature of the industry in which the Company operates, its businesses, key customers, business module wise performance, the 
salient features of the industries to which the Company supplies its goods and other relevant information. The Senior Management 
of the company also make presentations giving an overview of the Company’s strategy, operations, products, markets, Board 
constitution & guidelines, the major risks and risk management strategies.
A newly appointed Independent Director is provided with an appointment letter containing the role,  duties and responsibilities, 
remuneration and performance evaluation process, insurance cover and obligations on disclosures, as may be applicable to them. 
They are also provided with a copy of Company’s latest Annual Report, the Code of Conduct, the Code of Conduct for Prevention of 
Insider Trading, Code of Practices and Procedures for fair disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI). 
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	Company	imparted	various	familiarization	programmes	to	its	Directors	including	
business	performance,	operations,	market	share,	financial	parameters,	working	capital	management,	fund	flows,	major	litigation,	
compliances, CSR activities, periodic review of Investments made by the Company, Regulatory updates, Business Strategy, 
Framework for Related Party Transactions, Economic Environment & Global Scenario, ESG Risks, Business Entity Risks, etc. at 
the various meetings of the Committees of the Board and at the Board Meetings. The Directors get an opportunity to visit Company’s 
plants, where plant heads apprise them of the operational and sustainability aspects of the plants to enable them to have full 
understanding on the manufacturing processes of the Company in practical manner and initiatives taken on safety and quality etc. 
The familiarization programme includes orientation sessions for newly inducted Directors, along with continuous initiatives aimed at 
keeping all Directors updated on any relevant developments.
The details of the familiarization programme of the Independent Directors are available on Company’s website at https://sswlindia.
com/investors/corporate-governance#familiarisation-programme-for-independent-directors
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS INSURANCE (‘D AND O INSURANCE’)
As per the provisions of the Act and in compliance with Regulation 25(10) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Company 
has	taken	Directors	and	Officers	Insurance	(‘D	and	O	Insurance’)	on	behalf	of	all	its	Directors	including	Independent	Directors	and	
Officers	of	the	Company	for	indemnifying	any	of	them	against	any	personal	liability	coming	onto	them	whilst	discharging	fiduciary	
responsibilities in relation to the Company. 
DETAILED REASON FOR THE RESIGNATION OF AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR BEFORE THE EXPIRY OF HIS/HER TENURE 
ALONG WITH CONFIRMATION THAT THERE ARE NO MATERIAL REASONS OTHER THAN THOSE PROVIDED
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	none	of	the	Independent	Directors	of	the	Company	had	resigned	before	the	expiry	of	their	
respective tenure(s).
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
The Committees of the Board play a crucial role in the governance structure of the Company and have been constituted to deal 
with	specific	areas/activities	as	mandated	by	applicable	provision/regulations	which	concern	the	Company.	During	the	financial	year	
under review, all recommendations of the Committees of the Board which were mandatorily required have been accepted by the 
Board.	There	are	nine	(9)	committees	of	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company	as	on	31.03.2026	which	comprises	five	(5)	statutory	
committees and four (4) other committees that have been constituted after considering the needs of the Company, the details of 
which are as follows:
I. AUDIT COMMITTEE (AC)
 The Audit Committee (AC) of the Company is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 18 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015 read with Section 177 of the Act and Rules framed thereunder (including any amendment thereof).
 The terms of reference of AC are as per relevant guidelines, legislations, acts and regulations. Its terms of reference and its 
role, inter alia, includes the following:
(i) Overseeing	the	Company’s	financial	reporting	process	and	the	disclosure	of	its	financial	information	to	ensure	that	the	
financial	statement	is	correct,	sufficient	and	credible;
(ii) Recommending to the Board, the appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors of the Company;
(iii) Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;
(iv) Reviewing,	with	the	management,	the	annual	financial	statements	and	auditor’s	report	thereon	before	submission	to	the	
board for approval, with particular reference to:
a) Matters required being included in the director’s responsibility statement to be included in the board’s report in terms 
of clause(c) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;

[page 57]
|| 54 ||
b) Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;
c) Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management;
d) Significant	adjustments	made	in	the	financial	statements	arising	out	of	audit	findings;
e) Compliance	with	listing	and	other	legal	requirements	relating	to	financial	statements;
f) Disclosure of any related party transaction;
g) Modified	opinion(s)	in	the	draft	audit	report.
(v) Reviewing,	with	the	management,	the	quarterly	financial	statements	before	submission	to	the	board	for	approval;	
(vi) Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses/application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, rights 
issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer document/
prospectus/notice and the report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of a public 
issue	or	rights	issue	or	preferential	issue	or	qualified	institutions	placement,	and	making	appropriate	recommendations	to	
the board to take up steps in this matter; 
(vii) Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence and performance, and effectiveness of audit process; 
(viii) Approval	or	any	subsequent	modification	of	transactions	of	the	Company	with	related	parties;	
(ix) Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments; 
(x) Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary; 
(xi) Evaluation	of	internal	financial	controls	and	risk	management	systems;
(xii) Reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, and adequacy of the internal control 
systems; 
(xiii) Reviewing	the	adequacy	of	internal	audit	function,	if	any,	including	the	structure	of	the	internal	audit	department,	staffing	
and	seniority	of	the	official	heading	the	department,	reporting	structure	coverage	and	frequency	of	internal	audit;
(xiv) Discussion	with	internal	auditors	of	any	significant	findings	and	follow	up	there	on;	
(xv) Reviewing	the	findings	of	any	internal	investigations	by	the	internal	auditors	into	matters	where	there	is	suspected	fraud	
or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the matter to the board; 
(xvi) Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well as post-audit 
discussion to ascertain any area of concern; 
(xvii) To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders (in case 
of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors;
(xviii) To review the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism; 
(xix) Approval	of	appointment	of	chief	financial	officer	after	assessing	the	qualifications,	experience	and	background,	etc.	of	
the candidate;
(xx) Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee;
(xxi) Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/investment by the holding company in the subsidiary exceeding  
rupees 100 crore or 10% of the asset size  of  the  subsidiary,  whichever  is  lower  including  existing  loans/advances/
investments existing as on the date of coming into force of this provision;
(xxii) Consider	and	comment	on	rationale,	cost-benefits	and	impact	of	schemes	involving	merger,	demerger,	amalgamation	etc.	
on the Company and its shareholders;
(xxiii) Reviewing	management	discussion	and	analysis	of	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations;
(xxiv) Reviewing management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors; 
(xxv) Reviewing internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses;
(xxvi) Reviewing the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal auditor;
(xxvii) Reviewing statement of deviations:
a) Quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to stock exchange(s) 
in terms of Regulation 32(1) of SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015.
b) Annual statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice in 
terms of Regulation 32(7) of SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015.

[page 58]
|| 55 ||
 For	fulfilling	the	above	role,	the	Audit	Committee	has	powers	to	investigate	any	activity	within	its	terms	of	reference,	to	seek	
information from employees of the company, to obtain outside legal & professional advice and has full access to information 
contained in the records of the Company.
	 During	 the	financial	year	under	review,	six	(6)	meetings	of	AC	were	held	on	04.04.2025,	15.05.2025,	01.08.2025,	12.11.2025,	
26.12.2025 and 22.01.2026. The intervening gap between any two consecutive meetings did not exceed one hundred and 
twenty (120) days and necessary quorum was present at all these meetings. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of 
AC. The internal auditor of the Company reports functionally to the AC. The meetings of the AC are also attended by the Internal 
Auditor,	Chief	Financial	Officer	and	representatives	of	the	Statutory	Auditor	as	special	invitees.
 Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Chairman of AC attended the previous Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 30.09.2025.
 The composition of the AC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the details of the meetings held and 
attendance	of	the	members	of	the	AC	during	the	financial	year	under	review	is	given	below:-
Name of 
Chairperson & 
Members Category
Date of meetings Meetings 
Held 
during the 
year 
Meetings 
Attended 04.04.2025 15.05.2025 01.08.2025 12.11.2025 26.12.2025 22.01.2026
Sh. Ajit Singh 
Chatha, 
Chairman
Independent 
Director ü û ü û û û 6 2
Sh. Shashi 
Bhushan 
Gupta, Member
Independent 
Director û ü ü ü ü ü 6 5
Sh. Virander 
Kumar Arya, 
Member
Independent 
Director û ü ü ü ü ü 6 5
Sh. Siddharth 
Bansal, 
Member 
Independent 
Director ü û û û ü û 6 2
Sh. Manohar 
Lal Jain, 
Member
 Executive 
Director ü ü ü ü ü ü 6 6
Sh. Mohan 
Joshi, Member* 
Executive 
Director ü ü ü ü ü û 6 5
 *Sh. Mohan Joshi ceased to be member of the Audit Committee with effect from close of business hours of 03.06.2026, 
consequent to his resignation as a Director of the Company.
II. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (NRC)
 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) of the Company is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 19 
of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read with Section 178 of the Act and Rules framed thereunder (including any amendment(s) 
thereof). Its terms of reference is in compliance with the governing provisions of the Act and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, 
which includes the following:
(i) Formulation	of	the	criteria	for	determining	qualifications,	positive	attributes	and	independence	of	a	director	and	recommend	
to the Board of Directors a policy relating to the remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel and other 
employees;
(ii) For every appointment of an independent director, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the 
balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of 
the role and capabilities required of an independent director. The person recommended to the Board for appointment as 
an	independent	director	shall	have	the	capabilities	identified	in	such	description.	For	the	purpose	of	identifying	suitable	
candidates, the Committee may:
a) use the services of an external agencies, if required;
b) consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
c) consider the time commitments of the candidates.
(iii) Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of Independent Directors and the Board of Directors;
(iv) Specify the manner for effective evaluation of performance of Board, its committees and individual directors to be carried 
out either by the Board, by the NRC or by an independent external agency and review its implementation and compliance;
(v) Devising a policy on diversity of board of directors;

[page 59]
|| 56 ||
(vi) Identifying	persons	who	are	qualified	to	become	directors	and	who	may	be	appointed	in	senior	management	in	accordance	
with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board of Directors their appointment and removal;
(vii) Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of report of performance 
evaluation of independent directors.
(viii) Recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management.
(ix) Carrying	out	any	other	function	as	is	mandated	by	the	Board	from	time	to	time	and/or	enforced	by	any	statutory	notification,	
amendment	or	modification,	as	may	be	applicable.	
The NRC has carried out the evaluation of performance of Board as a whole, its committees and individual directors (including 
Independent Directors). Further, the Board of Directors have also carried out the evaluation of the performance of the Board 
as a whole, its committees and all the Individual Directors i.e. Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, Independent 
Directors as well as the Chairperson of the Company. The details of which are given in Board’s Report that forms part of this 
Annual Report.
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	three	(3)	meetings	of	NRC	were	held	i.e.	on	09.05.2025,	01.08.2025	and	12.11.2025.	
Necessary quorum was present at all the meetings. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of NRC.
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Chairman of NRC attended the previous Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 30.09.2025.
The composition of the NRC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the details of the meetings held and 
attendance	of	the	members	of	the	NRC	during	the	financial	year	under	review	is	given	below:-
Name of 
Chairperson & 
Members
Category
Dates of Meetings Meetings held 
during the 
year
Meetings 
Attended09.05.2025 01.08.2025 12.11.2025
Sh. Ajit Singh 
Chatha, Chairman 
Independent 
Director ü ü ü 3 3
Sh. Virander 
Kumar Arya, 
Member 
Independent 
Director ü ü ü 3 3
Sh. Shashi 
Bhushan Gupta,
Member 
Independent 
Director ü ü ü 3 3
Performance evaluation criteria for Independent Directors
The NRC evaluates the performance of Independent Directors as required under Schedule IV of the Act read with Regulation 17(10) 
of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The performance evaluation criteria for independent directors is determined by the NRC on 
the basis of the provisions contained in the Act, SEBI Regulations, SEBI Master Circular and Guidance Note. The indicative list of 
criteria on which evaluation was carried includes the following:
•	 Qualification
•	 Experience
•	 Knowledge and competency
•	 Fulfillment	of	functions
•	 Leadership
•	 Attendance and Participation
•	 Ability to keep Shareholders Interest in mind
•	 Distribution of Roles & Responsibility
•	 Contribution and Initiative
•	 Commitment 
•	 Availability
•	 Independence
•	 Initiative taking capability
•	 Safeguarding	of	the	Confidential	information

[page 60]
|| 57 ||
•	 Safeguarding interest of Whistle blowers under Vigil Mechanism
•	 Compliance with policies and disclosures of interest
•	 Fulfillment	of	other	obligations	imposed	by	the	Law
•	 Integrity including adherence to Code of Conduct 
•	 Ability to function as team
•	 Independent views and judgement 
•	 Guidance/support to Management outside board
On the basis of the report of the performance evaluation of Independent Directors, the NRC determines whether to extend or 
continue the terms of appointment of Independent Directors.
Nomination and Remuneration Policy
The Nomination and Remuneration Policy (“Policy”) is formulated by the NRC and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company 
as per the provisions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and the Act. The Policy of the Company as duly amended has been 
uploaded on the website of the Company under the web link https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/nomination.pdf. The Policy 
of the Company is designed to create a high performance culture. It enables the Company to attract, retain and motivate employees 
to achieve results. The guiding principle of the Policy is that the level and composition of remuneration shall be reasonable and 
sufficient	to	attract,	retain	and	motivate	Directors,	Key	Managerial	Personnel	and	Senior	Management.
NRC determines and recommends to the Board for approval, individual remuneration packages for Executive Directors, KMPs and 
Senior Management of the Company on the basis of the scope of their duties, the role and nature of responsibilities, the level of skill, 
knowledge and experience of individual, their performance, business performance and practices in comparable companies, having 
due	regard	to	financial	and	commercial	health	of	the	company	as	well	as	prevailing	laws	and	regulations/other	guidelines.
Remuneration	may	comprise	of	fixed	component	only	or	combination	of	both	fixed	and	variable	component.	Fixed	component	
may	include	salary,	allowances,	perquisites	and	other	statutory/non-statutory	benefits.	The	NRC	may	in	its	discretion	structure	any	
portion	of	remuneration	to	link	rewards	to	corporate	and	individual	performance,	fulfillment	of	specified	improvement	targets	or	
the	attainment	of	certain	financial	or	other	objectives	set	by	the	Board.	The	amount	payable	is	determined	by	the	NRC,	based	on	
performance	against	pre-determined	financial	and	non-financial	metrics.
Remuneration	to	Managing	Director	of	the	Company	may	comprise	of	both	fixed	as	well	as	variable	components	including	commission	
by	way	of	certain	percentage	on	Net	profit	of	the	Company	as	calculated	under	Section	198	of	the	Act.	
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
(i) Remuneration to Managing Director and Executive Directors
 The remuneration to Managing Director and Executive Directors of the Company is governed by the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and subsequent approvals obtained from the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
of the Company.
	 During	the	financial	year	2025-26,	the	company	has	paid	remuneration	to	its:
•	 Managing	Director	by	way	of	salary,	benefits,	perquisites	and	allowances	(fixed	component)	and	commission	(variable	
component)	@	5%	on	Net	Profit	of	the	company	as	calculated	under	Section	198	of	the	Act,	inclusive	of	fixed	component	
of the salary. 
•	 Executive	Directors	by	way	of	salary,	benefits,	perquisites	and	allowances	(fixed	component	only).
 On the basis of the performance evaluation of the Managing Director and Executive Directors, business performance of the 
Company	and	practices	in	comparable	companies,	financial	and	commercial	health	of	the	company	as	well	as	prevailing	laws	
and regulations/other guidelines, the NRC decides the Annual Increments within the salary structure already approved by the 
shareholders of the Company and then recommends the same to the Board of Directors of the Company for its approval.

[page 61]
|| 58 ||
Details of Remuneration of Managing Director (MD), Deputy Managing Director and Executive Director (ED) for the 
financial year 2025-26:                      
 (Rs. in lakhs)
Particulars Sh. Dheeraj 
Garg, MD
Sh. Mohan Joshi,
Deputy Managing 
Director (ED)*
Sh. Manohar 
Lal Jain, ED
Basic Salary 480.00 41.04 52.80
House Rent Allowance Nil 16.42 18.48
Special Allowance Nil 15.12 13.72
Medical allowance Nil 0.15 0.15
Perquisites Nil Nil Nil
Contribution to Provident Fund 57.60 4.92 6.34
Commission 791.87 Nil Nil
Total 1329.47 77.65 91.49
Stock Options – Perquisite value of options exercised under 
ESOS 2021 Nil 138.97 Nil
Total 1329.47 216.62 91.49
Date of Original appointment 29.04.1993 29.08.2024 01.08.2013
Date of Appointment/Re-appointment 01.06.2023 29.08.2024 01.07.2023
Tenure Up to* 31.05.2028 N.A. 30.06.2028
 *Sh. Mohan Joshi ceased to be Director of the Company with effect from 03.06.2026, consequent to his resignation.
(ii) Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors
 The Non-Executive Directors are entitled to sitting fees for attending the Board Meetings and Audit Committee Meetings as 
permissible under Rule 4 of the Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. As decided 
by	the	Board,	during	the	financial	year,	the	Non-Executive	Directors	were	paid	sitting	fees	amounting	to	Rs.	50,000/-	and	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
Rs. 10,000/- for attending each Board Meeting and Audit Committee Meeting, respectively, of the Company.
 The Company also reimburses the out of pocket expenses incurred by Directors for attending the meetings.
 There has been no pecuniary relationship or transactions except the entitlement to the dividend declared by the company on 
the equity shares held by them, if any, and/or the payment of sitting fees to the Non-Executive Directors for attending the Board 
and Audit Committee Meetings of the Company during the year under review.
 Details of sitting fees paid to the Non-Executive Directors during the financial year 2025-26 are as follows:-
Name of Director
Dates on which Board Meetings were held Aggregate 
Sitting fees 
(in Rs.)15.05.2025 01.08.2025 12.11.2025 26.12.2025 22.01.2026
Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg ü ü ü ü ü 2,50,000
Sh. Sanjay Garg ü ü ü ü ü 2,50,000
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya ü ü ü ü ü 2,50,000
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha û  ü û û û 50,000
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta ü ü ü ü ü 2,50,000
Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy ü û û û ü 1,00,000
Sh. Siddharth Bansal û û û ü û 50,000
Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna ü ü ü ü ü 2,50,000
Total 14,50,000
Name of Director
Dates on which Audit Committee Meetings were held Aggregate 
Sitting fees 
(in Rs.)04.04.2025 15.05.2025 01.08.2025 12.11.2025 26.12.2025 22.01.2026
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha ü û ü û û û 20,000
Sh. Virander Kumar 
Arya û ü ü ü ü ü 50,000
Sh. Shashi Bhushan 
Gupta û ü ü ü ü ü 50,000
Sh. Siddharth Bansal ü û û û ü û 20,000
Total 1,40,000

[page 62]
|| 59 ||
 Sh. Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni, nominated by Tata Steel Limited (Equity Investor), ceased to be the Director of the Company 
with effect from 18.03.2026. Further, he was not entitled to get any sitting fees for attending the Board Meeting of the Company, 
as per the policy of Tata Steel Limited.
 Service Contracts, notice period, severance fees:
	 Sh.	 Dheeraj	Garg	was	re-appointed	as	the	Managing	Director	for	a	period	of	five	(5)	years	w.e.f.	01.06.2023	by	the	Board	of	
Directors in their meeting held on 26.05.2023, and subsequently, his re-appointment was approved by the shareholders by way 
of special resolution in the 37th	Annual	General	Meeting	held	on	23.08.2023.	The	term	of	his	office	is	liable	to	retire	by	rotation.	
	 Sh.	 Mohan	Joshi	was	appointed	as	Executive	Director,	designated	as	Deputy	Managing	Director,	for	a	term	of	five(5)	years	
effective from 29.08.2024 by the Board of Directors in their meeting held on 29.08.2024. Subsequently, his appointment was 
approved by the members of the company by way of special resolution in the 38th Annual General Meeting held on 30.09.2024. 
The	term	of	his	office	is	liable	to	retire	by	rotation.	However,	Sh.	Mohan	Joshi	has	ceased	to	be	the	Director	of	the	company	due	
to resignation with effect from close of business hours of 03.06.2026.
	 Sh.	 Manohar	Lal	Jain	was	re-appointed	as	an	Executive	Director	of	the	Company	for	a	period	of	five	(5)	years	w.e.f.	01.07.2023	
by the Board of Directors in their meeting held on 26.05.2023, and subsequently, his re-appointment was approved by the 
shareholders by way of special resolution in the 37th	Annual	General	Meeting	held	on	23.08.2023.	The	term	of	his	office	is	liable	
to retire by rotation.
 The appointment of Managing Director and Executive Director/Whole-time Director(s) is governed by the Articles of Association 
of the Company, the resolutions passed by the Board of Directors and shareholders of the Company.
 Services of the Managing Director and Executive Directors may be terminated by either party by giving one month notice. There 
is no provision for payment of severance fee. 
 Notice period/severance fee is not applicable to Non-Executive Director and Independent Directors of the Company.
 Details of Stock Options issued/granted to the Directors:
 The Company has not issued/granted stock options to any of its Promoters or Independent/Nominee/Non-Executive/Executive 
Directors	during	the	financial	year	under	review.	
 Further, the Allotment Committee of the Board in its meeting held on 23.06.2025 had allotted 58400 equity shares of FV          
Rs. 1/- each to Sh. Mohan Joshi, the then Executive Director of the Company upon exercise of equal number of options held by 
him at an exercise price of Rs. 20/- each under the Steel Strips Wheels Limited- Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 
2021). These options were granted by the ECC on 16.03.2024 and were vested on 16.03.2025 after completion of one (1) year 
from the date of grant. 
III. STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE (SRC)
 The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee (SRC) is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 20 of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015 read with Section 178 of the Act and Rules framed thereunder (including any amendments thereof). The role 
of SRC includes resolving the grievances of shareholders and ensuring expeditious processing of all the investor requests in 
adherence to the regulatory timelines. 
 Its terms of reference are in compliance with the governing provisions of the Act, SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, which inter-
alia, includes the following: 
(i) To consider and resolve the grievances of the security holders of the Company including complaints related to transfer/
transmission	of	shares,	non-receipt	of	annual	report,	non-receipt	of	declared	dividends,	issue	of	new/duplicate	certificates,	
general meetings etc.;
(ii) To review measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders;
(iii) To review adherence to the service standards adopted by the Company in respect of various services being rendered by 
the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent;
(iv) To review the measures and initiatives taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and 
ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the Company.
	 During	 the	financial	year	under	review,	one(1)	meeting	of	SRC	was	held	on	09.05.2025	and	necessary	quorum	was	present	at	
the said Committee meeting. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of SRC. 
 Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Chairman of SRC attended the previous Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 30.09.2025.
 The composition of the SRC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the details of the meetings held and 
attendance of the members of the SRC during the year is given below:-

[page 63]
|| 60 ||
Name of Chairperson & Members Category Date of Meeting
09.05.2025
Meeting Held 
during the year
Meeting 
attended
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Chairman Independent Director ü 1 1
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Member Independent Director ü 1 1
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Member Executive Director ü 1 1
	(i)				Name,	Designation,	Address	&	E-mail	of	Compliance	Officer:	
								Ms.	Kanika	Sapra,	Company	Secretary	&	Compliance	Officer
        Steel Strips Wheels Limited
								Corporate	Office:	SCO:	49-50,	Sector	–	26,	Madhya	Marg,	Chandigarh	-	160019
        Telephone No. 0172- 2793112
        E-mail: kanika.sapra@sswlindia.com                
(ii)			Detail	of	shareholder’s	complaints	received	and	redressed	during	the	financial	year	2025-26:
Opening Balance as on April 
01, 2025
Received during the 
year
Resolved during the year Closing Balance as on March 
31, 2026
1 16 16 1*
	 *The	 complaint	pending	for	resolution	at	the	close	of	financial	year,	received	on	25.03.2026,	was	resolved	in	the	month	of	April,	
2026. 
	 INVESTOR GRIEVANCE RESOLUTION MECHANISM 
	 SEBI	 has	requested	shareholders	to	approach	the	Company	directly	at	the	first	instance	for	the	redressal	of	their	grievances.	
Accordingly, in this regard the Company has taken following steps for the investors for redressal of their grievances:-
•	 The	contact	details	of	the	Company	officials/Company’s	RTA	for	grievance	redressal	is	available	on	the	website	of	the	
Company at https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/E-mail-address-for-Grievance-Redressal-and-other-relevant-details.pdf . 
•	 The Company and its RTA constantly monitor the Investor Complaints Module as available on the BSE Listing Portal, 
NSE Electronic Application Processing System (“NEAPS”) Portal, SEBI SCORES Portal and Online Dispute Resolution 
(“ODR”) Portal to track and redress the investor complaints and disputes in a prompt manner. 
•	 The Company has authorised the SRC of the Board of Directors of the Company to examine and redress complaints by 
the shareholders and investors. 
 Further, the status of quarterly complaints is also placed before the Board of Directors of the Company at its meetings.
 Thus, if the Company does not resolve the complaint of the shareholders within stipulated time, then the shareholders/ 
investors may lodge the complaint on the SEBI SCORES Portal or other platforms for further action.
•	 SCORES
 SCORES is an online grievance redressal facilitation platform provided by Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). 
Complainants can lodge grievances pertaining to securities market against SEBI regulated entities like listed companies 
or Registered Intermediaries. 
 The revised framework for handling and monitoring of investor complaints received through SCORES Portal by the 
Company and designated stock exchanges is provided by SEBI in its Master Circular for Registrars to an Issue and 
Share Transfer Agents vide No. HO/38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026 dated 6th February 2026. The new version 
of SCORES 2.0 can be accessed by the investors at https://scores.sebi.gov.in/ as well as through SEBI SCORES mobile 
app available on both “Google Play Store” and “App Store”.
•	 ONLINE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PORTAL
 SEBI had introduced the Online Dispute Resolution (‘ODR’) Portal through which an aggrieved party can initiate the 
resolution of disputes, after exercising the primary options to resolve its issue, directly with the Company and through the 
SEBI Complaint Redressal System (‘SCORES’) platform. The process for online resolution of disputes in the securities 
market has been provided by SEBI in its Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-3/P/CIR/2023/195 dated 
December 28, 2023 read with Master Circular for Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents vide No. HO/38/13/
(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026 dated 6th February 2026 .
 The Company has complied with the aforementioned circular and the same is available at the website of the Company at 
https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-information#online-dispute-resolution-odr-scores-20.
 With the said Circular, the existing dispute resolution mechanism has been streamlined with the existing process of 

[page 64]
|| 61 ||
dispute resolution mechanism in the Indian securities market under the aegis of Stock Exchanges and Depositories by 
expanding their scope and establishing a common Online Dispute Resolution Portal (“ODR Portal”) which harnesses 
online Conciliation and online arbitration for resolution of disputes.
   Further, the shareholders can access the ODR portal at https://smartodr.in/login or through company’s website by following 
the link https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-information#online-dispute-resolution-odr-scores-20.
IV. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE (CSRS COMMITTEE)
 In accordance with provisions of Section 135 of the Act and relevant rules made thereunder, the Board of the company 
has constituted the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee named as Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability 
Committee (CSRS Committee).
 The terms of reference of the CSRS Committee in accordance with the Act and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015  inter alia, 
includes the following: -
(i) to formulate and recommend to the Board, a CSR Policy which shall indicate the activities to be undertaken by the 
company	in	areas	or	subject	specified	in	Schedule	VII	of	the	Companies	Act,	2013;
(ii) to recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on CSR activities referred to in clause (i) ;
(iii) to monitor CSR Policy of the Company from time to time;
(iv) to review and monitor Company’s sustainability practices; and
(v) discharge such duties and functions as indicated in the section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made thereunder 
from time to time and such other functions as may be delegated to the Committee by the Board from time to time.
 The CSR policy is available on the Company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/csr-policy.pdf. Pursuant 
to Section 135 of the Act read with rules made thereunder, Annual report on the CSR activities for the Financial Year 2025-26 
as per the prescribed format is annexed as Annexure-V to the Board Report, forming part of this Annual Report. Further, the 
details	of	the	CSR	activities	undertaken	during	the	financial	year	under	review	is	also	available	on	the	Company’s	website	at	
https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-social-responsibility. 
	 During	 the	financial	year	under	review,	five	(5)	meetings	of	CSRS	Committee	were	held	on	04.04.2025,	15.05.2025,	21.07.2025,	
23.10.2025 and 05.01.2026. Necessary quorum was present at all the Committee meetings. The meetings of the CSRS 
Committee	are	also	attended	by	the	Chief	Financial	Officer	(CFO)	and	Head-CSR	as	special	invitees.	The	Company	Secretary	
acts as the Secretary of CSRS Committee.
 The composition of the CSRS Committee (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the details of the meetings 
held	and	attendance	of	the	members	of	the	CSRS	Committee	during	the	financial	year	under	review	is	given	below:-
Name of 
Chairperson 
& Members
Category Dates of meetings Meetings 
Held 
during 
the year
Meetings 
Attended 04.04.2025 15.05.2025 21.07.2025 23.10.2025 05.01.2026
Sh. Virander 
Kumar Arya, 
Chairman
Independent 
Director
ü ü ü ü ü 5 5
Sh. Manohar 
Lal Jain, 
Member
Executive 
Director
ü ü ü ü ü 5 5
Sh. Shashi 
Bhushan 
Gupta, 
Member 
Independent 
Director
ü ü ü ü ü 5 5
Sh. Mohan 
Joshi, 
Member*
Executive 
Director
ü ü ü ü ü 5 5
 *Sh. Mohan Joshi ceased to be member of the CSRS Committee with effect from close of business hours 03.06.2026, 
consequent to his resignation as a Director of the Company.
V. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (RMC)
 The Company has duly constituted a Risk Management Committee (RMC) in concurrence with the provisions of Regulation 21 
of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 The Company recognizes that Risk Management is an essential and integral part of good management practice which helps in 
efficiently	achieving	business	goals	and	deriving	utmost	benefits	from	market	opportunities.	Risk	Management	is	attempting	to	
identify and then manage threats that could severely impact or bring down the organization. Generally, this involves reviewing 

[page 65]
|| 62 ||
operations of the organization, identifying potential threats to the organization and the likelihood of their occurrence, and 
subsequently, taking appropriate actions to address the most likely threats.
 The terms of reference of RMC, inter alia includes the following: -
(i) To formulate a detailed risk management policy which shall include:
a) A	framework	for	identification	of	internal	and	external	risks	specifically	faced	by	the	Company,	in	particular	including	
financial,	operational,	sectoral,	sustainability	(particularly,	ESG	related	risks),	information,	cyber	security	risks	or	any	
other risk as may be determined by the Committee.
b) Measures	for	risk	mitigation	including	systems	and	processes	for	internal	control	of	identified	risks.
c) Business continuity plan.
(ii) To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated 
with the business of the Company;
(iii) To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management policy, including evaluating the adequacy of risk 
management systems;
(iv) To periodically review the risk management policy, at least once in two years, including by considering the changing 
industry dynamics and evolving complexity;
(v) To keep the board of directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations and actions to 
be taken;
(vi) The	appointment,	removal	and	terms	of	remuneration	of	the	Chief	Risk	Officer	(if	any)	shall	be	subject	to	review	by	the	
Risk Management Committee.
	 During	 the	financial	year	under	review,	two	(2)	meetings	of	RMC	were	held	i.e.	on	09.05.2025	&	28.11.2025	and	the	intervening	
gap between the two consecutive meetings did not exceed two hundred and ten (210) days. Necessary quorum was present 
at the said meetings. The Company Secretary acts as a Secretary of the RMC.
 The composition of the RMC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the details of the meetings held and 
attendance	of	the	members	of	the	RMC	during	the	financial	year	under	review	is	given	below:-
Name of Chairperson & 
Members Category
Dates of meetings Meetings Held 
during the year/ 
tenure
Meetings 
Attended09.05.2025 28.11.2025
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta, 
Chairman Independent Director ü ü 2 2
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Member Executive Director ü ü 2 2
Sh. Naveen Sorot, Member 
(upto 12.09.2025) 
Chief Financial 
Officer(CFO) ü NA 2 1
Sh. Mohan Joshi, Member* Executive Director ü ü 2 2
Sh. Sanjay Garg, Member** Non-Executive Director NA NA NA NA
 *Sh. Mohan Joshi ceased to be member of the RMC, consequent to his resignation as a Director of the Company with effect 
from with effect from close of business hours of 03.06.2026.
 **Sh. Sanjay Garg was appointed as the member of the RMC with effect from 03.06.2026.
VI. EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE (ECC)
 The Company has constituted Employee Compensation Committee (ECC) to formulate detailed terms and conditions of the 
Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) which, inter alia includes the following:
(i) The quantum of options to be offered and granted per employee and in aggregate under ESOS Scheme(s) to employee;
(ii) The conditions under which options may vest in employees and may lapse in case of termination of employment for 
misconduct;
(iii) The exercise period within which the employee can exercise the options and that options would lapse on failure to 
exercise the same within the exercise period;
(iv) The	specified	time	period	within	which	the	employee	shall	exercise	the	vested	options	in	the	event	of	termination	or	
resignation of an employee;
(v) The right of an employee to exercise all the options vested in him at one time or at various points of time within the 
exercise period;

[page 66]
|| 63 ||
(vi) The procedure for making fair and reasonable adjustment to the entitlement including adjustment to the number of 
options and to the exercise price in case of corporate actions such as rights issues, bonus issues, split or sub-division, 
merger, sale of division and others;
(vii) The grant, vesting and exercise of options in case of employees who are on long leave;
(viii) The procedure for funding the exercise of options;
(ix) Any other matter, which may be relevant for administration of Employee Stock Option Schemes (ESOS) from time to 
time. 
	 During	 the	financial	year	under	review,	one	(1)	meeting	of	ECC	was	held	i.e.	on	15.09.2025.	Further,	necessary	quorum	was	
present at the said meeting. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of ECC. 
 The composition of the ECC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the details of the meetings held and 
attendance	of	the	members	of	the	ECC	during	the	financial	year	under	review	is	given	below:-
Name of Chairperson & Members Category Date of Meeting
15.09.2025
Meetings Held 
during the year Meetings Attended 
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Chairman Independent 
Director ü 1 1
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Member Independent 
Director ü 1 1
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta, Member Independent 
Director ü 1 1
VII. SHARE TRANSFER COMMITTEE (STC)
 The Board of Directors of the Company has constituted Share Transfer Committee (STC) to approve and expedite the process 
of	share	transfers,	issue	of	share	certificate/	Letter	of	Confirmation	pursuant	to	duplicate/remat/renewal/exchange	of	share	
certificates/name	deletion	requests,	etc.	as	and	when	received	by	the	company.	During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	
STC met Twenty Two (22) times i.e. on 12.04.2025, 14.04.2025, 24.04.2025, 09.05.2025, 16.05.2025, 29.05.2025, 01.07.2025, 
26.08.2025, 15.09.2025, 22.09.2025, 13.10.2025, 21.11.2025, 16.12.2025, 31.12.2025, 07.01.2026, 21.01.2026, 29.01.2026, 
20.02.2026, 09.03.2026, 16.03.2026, 23.03.2026 and 31.03.2026. The necessary quorum was present at all the meetings. All 
the investor service requests were processed within the prescribed timelines. The Company Secretary acts as a Secretary of 
the STC. 
  The composition of the STC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the details of the meetings held and 
attendance	of	the	members	of	the	STC	during	the	financial	year	under	review	is	given	below:	-
Name of Chairperson & Members Category Meetings Held during 
the year
Meetings 
Attended 
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Chairman Independent Director 22 22
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Member Executive Director 22 22
Sh. Sanjay Garg, Member Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director 22 22
VIII. FINANCE COMMITTEE
 The	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company	has	constituted	a	Finance	Committee	(FC).	During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	
Board of Directors in its meeting held on 15.05.2025 have reviewed the terms of reference of the FC and amended the same 
which inter-alia includes the following: 
- to borrow sum or sums of money not exceeding Rs. 2000.00 crores, from time to time, for the purpose of the business 
of the Company, from any Indian or Foreign Bank(s), Financial Institution(s) and /or any other Indian or foreign lending 
institutions	or	persons,	firms,	bodies	corporate,	or	any	other	person	on	such	terms	and	conditions	and	with	or	without	
security	as	it	may	in	its	discretion	think	fit;
- to do all the necessary act, deeds, things as may be required for the purpose to avail borrowing facilities and to create 
security on the assets of the Company; 
- to	open,	close	and	authorize	various	officials	of	the	Company	to	operate	various	bank	accounts	(Current/Cash	Credit/	
Escrow/any other account) of the Company either electronically (E-net/net banking) and/or by way of manual/physical 
submission of documents;
- to manage exchange rate and interest rate exposures of the Company through entering into following transactions with 
various banks:- 
i. Foreign Exchange Cash, Tom, Spot and Forward Contracts
ii. Currency Swaps including Cross-Currency Swaps

[page 67]
|| 64 ||
iii. Interest Rate Swaps and Forward Rate Agreements
iv. Interest	rate	caps	and	floors
v. Interest Rate Options
vi. Swaption
vii. Combination of two or more aforementioned products including cost reduction structures
viii. Permitted	/	Structured	derivative	products	as	defined	by	Master	Direction	–	Reserve	Bank	of	India	(Market-makers	
in OTC Derivatives) Directions, 2021’
          any other Product which is permitted under the extant regulatory guidelines
	 During	 the	financial	year	under	review,	the	FC	met	Twelve	(12)	times	on	16.04.2025,	02.05.2025,	30.05.2025,	21.07.2025,	
28.07.2025, 28.08.2025, 04.10.2025, 17.10.2025, 27.11.2025, 11.12.2025, 03.02.2026 and 21.02.2026. Necessary quorum 
was present at all the Finance Committee Meetings. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of FC.  
 The composition of the FC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the details of the meetings held and 
attendance	of	the	members	of	the	FC	during	the	financial	year	under	review	is	given	below:-
Name of Chairperson & Members Category Meetings Held during the 
year/tenure
Meetings 
Attended
Sh. Mohan Joshi*, Chairman Executive Director 12 12
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya**, Member 
(Chairman w.e.f. 03.06.2026) Independent Director 12 12
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Member Executive Director 12 12
Sh. Sanjay Garg, Member Non-Executive, Non-Independent 
Director 12 12
 *Sh. Mohan Joshi ceased to be Chairman & member of the Finance Committee with effect from 03.06.2026, consequent to his 
resignation as a Director of the Company.
 **Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Member of FC was designated as the Chairman of the Finance committee in place of Sh. Mohan 
Joshi with effect from 03.06.2026.
IX. ALLOTMENT COMMITTEE
 The Board of Directors of the Company have constituted an Allotment Committee of the Board of Directors for allotment of 
shares to the employees of the Company who have exercised the stock options granted to them under Employee Stock Option 
Scheme(s) of the Company.
	 During	 the	financial	year	under	review,	one	(1)	meeting	of	the	Allotment	Committee	was	held	on	23.06.2025.	Necessary	
quorum was present at the said meeting. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of Allotment Committee.
 The composition of the Allotment Committee (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the details of the meeting 
held	and	attendance	of	the	members	during	the	financial	year	under	review	is	given	below:-
Name of Chairperson & Members Category Date of Meeting 
23.06.2025
Meetings Held during 
the year
Meetings 
Attended
Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Chairman    Managing Director ü 1 1
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Member Independent Director ü 1 1
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta, Member Independent Director ü 1 1
 SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY:
 In accordance with Clause 5B of Schedule V of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the particulars of the senior management 
personnel	(SMP)	as	on	31.03.2026	and	changes	therein	since	the	close	of	the	previous	financial	year	are	as	follows:
S 
No.
Name of the Senior Management 
Personnel Designation Nature Of Change  During the FY 
2025-26
1 Sh. Sushil Gupta Senior Executive Director (Marketing) -
2. Sh. Rajesh Trikha Senior Executive Director (Projects) Superannuation w.e.f. 10.04.2025
3 Sh. R. Ravi Shankar President (Research & Development) -
4 Sh. Aditya Deepak Dixit Executive Director( Marketing) -
5 Sh. Ganesh Niranjan Dhamode Executive Vice President(Projects) -
6 Sh. Shaman Jindal  President (Commercials)  -

[page 68]
|| 65 ||
7 Sh. Anirudh Laroiya General Manager (Information 
Technology) -
8 Sh. Rahul Kumar Chief	Financial	Officer	(CFO	;	KMP) Appointed w.e.f. 12.11.2025
9 Ms. Kanika Sapra Company Secretary (CS, KMP)  -
 After the closure of Financial Year under review, there were following changes in the category of SMP:
(i) Sh. Vineet Aggarwal, Executive Director (Operations) of the Company, was appointed as Senior Management Personnel 
of the Company w.e.f. 03.09.2026
(ii) Sh. Amit Kumar Sharma, Vice-President (Personnel & Administration) of the Company, was appointed as Senior 
Management Personnel of the Company w.e.f. 03.09.2026
 MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS 
 In compliance with Schedule IV to the Act and Regulation 25(3) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Independent 
Directors held their separate meeting on 09.05.2025, without the attendance of Non-Independent directors and members of 
the Management, inter alia, to discuss the following:
•  reviewed the performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board of Directors as a whole; 
•  reviewed the performance of the Chairperson of the Company, taking into account the views of Executive Directors and 
Non-Executive Directors; and 
•		 assessed	 the	quality,	quantity	and	timeliness	of	flow	of	information	between	the	management	of	the	company	and	the	
Board of Directors that is necessary for the Board of directors to effectively and reasonably perform their duties.
 All Independent Directors were present at the meeting. Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Independent Director of the Company was 
unanimously elected as the Chairman of the said meeting of Independent Directors.
 GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
 (a)  Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)
   Date,	time	and	location	of	AGMs	held	for	the	previous	three	(3)	financial	years	are	given	as	under:
 Financial year Date of Meetings Time of Meetings Location of Meetings
2024-25
(39th AGM) 30.09.2025
11:00 A.M. Village Somalheri/Lehli, P. O. Dappar, Tehsil 
Derabassi, Distt. S.A.S. Nagar Mohali, 
Punjab, 140506
2023-24
(38th AGM) 30.09.2024
2022-23  
(37th AGM) 23.08.2023
 (b)  Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM)
	 	 No	EGM	of	the	members	of	the	Company	was	held	during	the	financial	year	2025-26.
 (c) Special Resolution passed in the previous three Annual General Meetings (AGM)
	 At the 39th AGM held on 30.09.2025, Two (2) Special resolutions were passed as follows:
i. Continuation of Directorship of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827), Chairman and Non-Executive Director of 
the Company.
ii. Re-appointment of Sh. Siddharth Bansal (DIN: 02909820) as an Independent Director of the Company for a second 
term	of	five	(5)	consecutive	years	effective	from	01.10.2025	to	30.09.2030.
	 At the 38th AGM held on 30.09.2024, five (5) Special resolutions were passed as follows:
i. Appointment of Sh. Mohan Joshi (DIN: 07526082) as an Executive Director designated as Deputy Managing Director 
of	the	Company	for	a	period	of	five(5)	years	effective	from	29.08.2024	to	28.08.2029.
ii. Appointment of Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna (DIN: 10744212) as an Independent Director of the Company for a period 
of	five	(5)	consecutive	years	effective	from	01.10.2024	to	30.09.2029.
iii. Re-appointment and continuation of Directorship of Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta (DIN: 00154404) as an Independent 
Director	of	the	Company	for	a	second	term	of	five	(5)	consecutive	years	effective	from	01.10.2024	to	30.09.2029.
iv. Re-appointment of Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha (DIN: 02289613) as an Independent Director of the Company, notwithstanding 
that	he	has	attained	the	age	of	seventy-five	(75)	years	for	a	second	term	of	five(5)	consecutive	years	effective	from	
01.10.2024 to 30.09.2029.

[page 69]
|| 66 ||
v. Re-appointment of Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy (DIN: 08763741) as an Independent Director of the Company for a 
second	term	of	five(5)	consecutive	years	effective	from	01.10.2024	to	30.09.2029.
	 At the 37th AGM held on 23.08.2023, five (5) Special resolutions were passed as follows:
i. To Re-appoint Sh. Dheeraj Garg, (DIN: 00034926), as Managing Director of the Company for a period of 5 years 
effective from 01.06.2023 till 31.05.2028.
ii. To Re-appoint and Continue the Directorship of Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan (DIN: 02498195) as Deputy Managing 
Director of the Company for a period of 5 years effective from 01.01.2024 till 31.12.2028.
iii. To Re-appoint and Continue the Directorship of Sh. Manohar Lal Jain (DIN: 00034591) as Executive Director of the 
Company for a period of 5 years effective from 01.07.2023 till 30.06.2028.
iv. To Re-appoint and Continue the Directorship of Sh. Virander Kumar Arya (DIN: 00751005) as Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company for the second term of three (3) consecutive years effective from 01.10.2023 
to 30.09.2026.
v. To Continue the Directorship of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827), Chairman and Non-Executive Director 
of the Company.
 SPECIAL RESOLUTION PASSED THROUGH POSTAL BALLOT, THE PERSONS WHO CONDUCTED THE POSTAL 
BALLOT EXERCISE, DETAILS OF THE VOTING PATTERN AND PROCEDURE OF POSTAL BALLOT
 During the FY 2025-26, no resolution was passed by way of Postal Ballot. Hence, disclosure under this section is not applicable.
 SPECIAL RESOLUTION PROPOSED TO BE CONDUCTED THROUGH POSTAL BALLOT 
 None of the business proposed to be transacted at the ensuing AGM requires passing of the special resolution through postal ballot.
 MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
 The Company recognizes the importance of two-way communication with Shareholders and of giving a balanced reporting 
of	results	and	progress.	Timely	disclosure	of	consistent,	comparable,	relevant	and	reliable	information	on	corporate	financial	
performance is at the core of good governance. Towards this end, major steps taken are as under:
 Financial Results:	The	quarterly,	half-yearly	and	yearly	financial	results	of	the	company	are	generally	published	in	two	
newspapers i.e. ‘Financial Express’ (English) & ‘Desh Sewak’ (Punjabi) and are also submitted to the stock exchanges within 
the statutory time period from the conclusion of the Board Meeting(s) at which these are considered and approved. Further, 
they are also posted on the website of the Company at https://sswlindia.com/investors/financial-performance#quarterly-annual-
results for ready reference of all the stakeholders. Earnings call with Analysts/ Investors are also held and its recording & 
presentations are uploaded on the company’s website.
 Other Information: The Company discloses to the stock exchanges, all information required to be disclosed under Regulation 
30 read with Part ‘A’ and Part ‘B’ of Schedule III of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 including material information having a 
bearing on the performance/ operations of the Company and other price sensitive information. 
	 All	 the	information	is	filed	electronically	with	the	stock	exchanges	where	the	company’s	equity	shares	are	listed	i.e.	at	the	online	
portal of BSE Limited– Corporate Compliance & Listing Centre (BSE Listing Centre) as well as the online portal of National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) – NSE’s Electronic Application Processing System (NEAPS), which can be accessed 
at https://www.bseindia.com/ and https://www.nseindia.com/ , respectively.
 Website:  The Company’s website https://sswlindia.com/ contains a separate dedicated section titled as “Investors” wherein 
information for shareholders is readily available. The Quarterly/Annual Financial Results, annual reports, analysts’ presentations, 
investor	forms,	stock	exchange	information,	shareholding	pattern,	corporate	governance,	corporate	benefits,	polices,	contact	
details, details of unclaimed dividend and shares transferred to IEPF, updated credit ratings, news releases, SEBI Circulars, 
etc., are posted on the website in compliance to the provisions under Regulation 46 of the SEBI(LODR), Regulations, 2015.
 Analyst/Institutional Investors Presentations:	All	the	official	news	released	and	presentations	made	to	analysts/institutional	
investors, submitted by the Company to the stock exchanges are also displayed on the website of the Company. Further, as 
per the SEBI (LODR)Regulations, 2015, audio recordings and transcripts of post earnings/quarterly calls are also submitted to 
the stock exchanges and uploaded on the website of the Company at https://sswlindia.com/investors/analysts-investors
 Further, the Company’s RTA has implemented various investor initiatives given below as part of their endeavor to enhance 
investor servicing. The shareholders may avail the facility as per their requirements:
 Investor Service Portal: “SWAYAM” is a secure, user-friendly web-based application. Investors are requested to get registered 
and	have	first-hand	experience	of	the	portal.	It	can	be	accessed	at	https://swayam.in.mpms.mufg.com/.
 Chatbot : “iDIA” is a Chatbot that utilizes conversational technology to provide investors with a round-the-clock intuitive platform 
to ask questions and get information about queries, Investors may talk to iDIA by accessing https://in.mpms.mufg.com/.

[page 70]
|| 67 ||
 FAQs:  The RTA’s website has detailed answers to almost all possible investor queries, which is available at link https://web.
in.mpms.mufg.com/faq.html.
 GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
(i) Annual General Meeting for Financial Year 2025-26
Date
Day
Time
Venue
Mode
30.09.2026
Wednesday
11:00 A.M.   (IST)
Registered	 Office	 i.e.	 Village	 Somalheri/	 Lehli,	 P.O.	
Dappar, Teh. Derabassi, Distt.  S.A.S. Nagar (Mohali), 
Punjab, 140506
Physical
(ii) Financial Year 1st April to 31st March
(iii) Year Ending 31.03.2026
(iv) Financial Calendar (tentative) for Results for
      Quarter ending June, 2026
      Quarter ending September, 2026 
      Quarter ending December, 2026
      Quarter ending March, 2027
3rd week of July, 2026
3rd week of October, 2026
3rd week of January, 2027
4th week of May, 2027
(v) Record date for Dividend Entitlement 23.09.2026
(vi) Book Closure 24.09.2026 to 30.09.2026 (both days inclusive)
(vii) Dividend Payment date On or before  29.10.2026 (Subject to the approval of 
shareholders at the AGM)
(viii) Name and Address of Stock Exchange at which 
Company’s securities are Listed
(a) BSE Ltd. (BSE), 
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,       
Mumbai-400001, Maharashtra, India
(b) National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE),
      Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, Block-G,        Bandra-
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051, 
Maharashtra, India
(ix) Annual Listing fees The Company has paid Annual listing fees to both the 
aforesaid stock exchanges and there is no outstanding 
payment as on date.  
(x) Stock Code
        BSE Ltd. (BSE)
        National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
513262
SSWL
(xi) ISIN of the Company’s shares in Demat form INE802C01033 (with NSDL and CDSL)
	 		The	Company’s	shares	were	not	suspended	from	trading	during	the	financial	year	under	review.
(xii) Registrar and Share Transfer Agents (RTA):  Members may correspond with the Company’s registrar and share transfer agent 
(RTA), MUFG Intime India Private Limited (‘MUFG’), quoting their folio numbers/ DP ID &Client ID at the following address:-
  Name and address  :     MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd.
        (Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd) 
                                          Noble Heights 1st Floor,
                                          Plot No. NH-2, C-1 Block,
                                          LSC Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri,
                                         New Delhi - 110058
 Phone Number      :       011-49411000, 41410592, 93, 94
        Fax                    :      011-41410591
 Email               :       investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com 
        Website              :       https://in.mpms.mufg.com 
(xiii) Share Transfer System 
 Trading in equity shares of the Company through recognized stock exchanges is permitted only in dematerialised form. 
Securities of the listed companies can be transferred only in dematerialised form w.e.f. April 1, 2019. All Investor Service 
Requests viz Transfer, Transmission, Name deletion, Dematerialisation, etc. are handled by M/s MUFG Intime India Private 
Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited), Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) of the Company. 

[page 71]
|| 68 ||
 Further, SEBI in continuation of its efforts to enhance ease of dealing in securities market by investors vide its Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022 read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/
MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 7, 2024, has mandated the listed entities to issue securities for the following service 
requests	only	in	dematerialized	form	and	through	issue	of	Letter	of	confirmation:	
(i) Issue	of	duplicate	securities	certificate;	
(ii) Claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account;
(iii) Renewal/	Exchange	of	securities	certificate;	
(iv) Endorsement; 
(v) Sub-division/Splitting	of	securities	certificate;	
(vi) Consolidation	of	securities	certificates/folios;
(vii) Transmission and Transpositions
 In order to simplify the process for credit of securities pursuant to investor service requests by reducing the timelines, risk of 
loss and pilferage, SEBI vide its circular no. HO/38/13/(3)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3763/2026 dated January 30, 2026 has decided 
to	do	away	with	the	requirement	of	issuance	of	“Letter	of	Confirmation”	(LOC)	with	effect	from	02.04.2026.
 Special Window for re-lodgement of transfer of physical shares
 SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated July 5, 2025, had mandated to open a special 
window only for re-lodgement of transfer deeds, which were lodged prior to the deadline of April 1, 2019 and rejected/returned/
not	attended	to,	due	to	deficiency	in	the	documents/process/or	otherwise,	for	a	period	of	six	months	from	July	7,	2025	till	
January 6, 2026. Later, SEBI vide its Circular No. HO/38/13/11(2)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3750/2026 dated January 30, 2026, has 
prescribed to open another special window for transfer and dematerialisation of physical securities which were sold/purchased 
prior to April 1, 2019. This special window shall be open for a period of one year from February 5, 2026 to February 4, 2027. 
In adherence to the above SEBI Circulars, the Company has made necessary newspaper advertisements to publicise the 
opening of the special window. 
 The applicability of this window has been explained as below:-
Execution Date of 
Transfer Deed Lodged for transfer before April 01, 2019? Original Security 
Certificate Available?
Eligible to lodge in 
the current window?
Before April 01, 2019 No (it is fresh lodgement) Yes ü
Before April 01, 2019 Yes (it was rejected/ returned earlier) Yes ü
Before April 01, 2019 Yes No û
Before April 01, 2019 No No û
 Further, investors please note that the following cases will not be considered under this window: 
•	 Cases involving disputes between transferor and transferee;
•	 Securities which have been transferred to Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF).
 During this special window, the re-lodged transfer requests that are found to be in order and complete in all respects in line 
with the SEBI circular, will be issued only in dematerialised form and shall be under lock-in for a period of one year from the 
date of registration of transfer. Such shares shall not be transferred/ lien-marked/pledged during the said lock-in period.
 Details of shares transferred to / released from SEDA: 
	 In	 compliance	to	the	SEBI	circular	SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37	dated	7th	May	2024,	during	the	financial	year	
under review, the company transferred certain shares, wherein the request for dematerialisation of shares was not received 
within	timeline	of	120	days	from	the	date	of	issuance	of	Letter	of	Confirmation,	to	Suspense	Escrow	Demat	Account	(“SEDA”)	
of the Company opened for the said purpose, as per the following details:
Particulars No. of Shareholders No. of Shares
No. of shareholders and their shares lying in SEDA as on April 1, 2025 9 12000
No. of shareholders and their shares transferred to SEDA during FY 2025-26 NIL NIL
No. of shareholders to whom shares were transferred from SEDA during FY 2025-26 7 7500
No. of shareholders and their shares lying in SEDA as on March 31, 2026 2 4500
 Doing away with the requirement of issuance of “Letter of Confirmation”
 In order to simplify the process for credit of securities pursuant to investor service requests by reducing the timelines, risk of 
loss and pilferage, SEBI vide its circular no. HO/38/13/(3)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3763/2026 dated January 30, 2026 has decided 
to	do	away	with	the	requirement	of	issuance	of	“Letter	of	Confirmation”	(LOC)	with	effect	from	02.04.2026.	Further,	in	the	said	
circular SEBI has further implemented that the Depositories shall develop a process/system to enable RTAs/listed companies to 

[page 72]
|| 69 ||
credit the securities directly to the demat account of the investor after necessary due-diligence by RTAs/listed companies. Such 
investor service request shall be accompanied with a copy of the Client Master List(“CML”) of the demat account, which shall 
be duly attested by the Depository Participant and not older than two months. Any LOC issued before April 02, 2026, may be 
submitted	by	the	investors	to	DP	for	dematerialization	within	the	specified	timeline	i.e.	120	days	from	the	date	of	issuance	of	LOC.
 The manner and process of making application as per the revised framework and operational guidelines thereto is available 
on the website of the RTA at https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/client-downloads.html and the Company at https://sswlindia.com/
investors/corporate-information#investor-service-request-forms
 Updation of PAN, KYC and Nomination details
 SEBI vide its Master Circular No. HO/38/13/(4)2026-MIRSDPOD/I/4298/2026 dated February 06,2026 which supersedes 
the circulars issued earlier in this regard, has made mandatory for holders of physical securities to furnish PAN, Postal 
Address with PIN code, Mobile Number, Bank Account details, Specimen Signature before getting any investor service request 
processed. Updation of Email Address and Nomination of shareholders is optional, the security holders are advised to register 
Nomination and email address to avail online services. In case of non-updation of PAN or Contact Details (Postal Address with 
PIN code) or Mobile Number or Bank Account Details or Specimen Signature in respect of physical folios, dividend/interest etc. 
shall be paid only through electronic mode with effect from April 01, 2024, upon furnishing all the aforesaid details in entirety.
 Members may refer to the FAQs provided by SEBI in this regard, for investor awareness, on its website at https://www.sebi.
gov.in/sebi_data/faqfiles/jan-2026/1767611333081.pdf
 Members who are yet to update details in their physical folios are, therefore, requested to update their details with Company/
RTA by submitting Form ISR-1 which is available on website of the Company at https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-
information#investor-service-request-forms
 The Company has sent individual letters to all the members holding shares in physical form to furnish their PAN, Nomination, 
Contact details, Bank A/c details and Specimen signature. The relevant circular(s) and necessary forms in this regard have 
been made available on the website of the Company at https://sswlindia.com/investors  under the head ‘Investor Service 
Request’ and RTA’s website at https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html Members are advised to register/update 
their details with the Company/RTA, in compliance with the said circular for smooth processing of their service requests.
 In view of above, to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and for ease of portfolio management, members holding 
shares in physical form are advised to consider converting their holdings to dematerialised form. The members are accordingly 
requested to get in touch with any Depository Participant having registration with SEBI to open a Demat account to seek 
guidance in the demat procedure. Also members can contact the Company or RTA, for assistance in this regard. 
(xiv) Distribution of Shareholding
(a) Class-wise Distribution of Equity Shares as on 31.03.2026:
Shares/Debentures Holding of 
Nominal Value No. of Shareholders* Number of Shares held % of Shareholding
1 to  500 50,496 50,33,518 3.20
501   - 1000 4,403 37,60,188 2.39
1001 - 2000 2,047 32,79,079 2.09
2001 - 3000 636 16,52,214 1.05
3001 - 4000 277 10,11,103 0.64
4001 - 5000 276 12,98,383 0.83
5001 - 10000 424 30,52,829 1.94
10001  and  above 309 13,80,93,111 87.86
 Total 58,868 15,71,80,425 100.00
 * Without consolidating the folios on the basis of PAN
(b) Shareholding Pattern as on 31.03.2026:
S. No. Particulars No. of Shares held % age of Total
1. Promoter and Promoter Group 9,61,03,152 61.14
2. Mutual Funds & Other Financial Institutions/Insurance 
Companies /Alternative Investment Fund 79,77,771 5.08
3. Foreign Direct Investment/ Foreign Portfolio Investor 1,29,11,551 8.22
4. Directors and their relatives 2,70,692 0.17
5. Indian Body Corporate 1,20,33,292 7.66
6. Individuals 2,23,04,288 14.19

[page 73]
|| 70 ||
7.
Any other:
Non Residents
Clearing Members
HUF
Trust
IEPF
LLP
Unclaimed or Suspense or Escrow Account
16,86,600
1,16,968
7,63,099
3,31,223
24,37,741
2,39,548
4500
1.07
0.07          
0.49
0.21 
1.55
0.15
0.00
           Total 15,71,80,425 100.00
(xv) Dematerialization of Shares and Liquidity
 As on 31.03.2026, there were 58,868* equity shareholders of the Company. Out of these, 57,950* shareholders were holding 
15,60,03,645 (99.25%) equity shares in the dematerialized form and rest of them i.e. 918* shareholders were holding 11,76,780 
(0.75%) equity shares in physical form. The non-promoters holding as on 31.03.2026 is 38.86% and the stock is liquid. 
       The Company’s scrip forms part of the compulsory demat segment for all investors and can only be traded in dematerialized 
form. The Company has established connectivity with both the depositories viz. National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) 
and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) through its Registrar and Share Transfer Agent i.e. M/s MUFG Intime 
India Private Limited (MUFG) (formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited). The Company had also appointed MUFG 
as common Agency to look after dematerialization of shares as well as for physical transfer of shares. 
 *The number of shareholders have been considered on the basis of folio and not on PAN basis.
 (xvi) Outstanding Global Depository Receipt(GDR)/American Depository Receipt (ADR) or warrants or any convertible 
instruments, conversion date and likely impact on equity
 As on 31.03.2026, the Company has no outstanding Global Depository Receipt(GDR)/American Depository Receipt (ADR) or 
warrants or any other convertible instruments.  
(xvii) Corporate Identification Number(CIN)      :            L27107PB1985PLC006159
(xviii) Plant Location :   (a)   Village Somalheri/ Lehli, P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi,District SAS Nagar (Mohali), Punjab, 140506
                                         (b)   Plot No. A-10, SIPCOT Industrial Growth Centre, Oragadam,Vallam Village, Sriperumbudur Taluk, 
                                       District Kancheepuram, Tamil Nadu, 602105
  (c)  Plot No. 733, 734, 735, 747 Mouza Jojobera, P. O. & P. S. Chhota Govindpur East Singhbhum, District     
Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, 831015
(d) Plot No. 77,78,136B,394,Village- Martoli/ Tejpura, Taluka – Jotana,District – Mehsana, Gujarat, 
India, 384430
(e) Village-Muria, P.O.- Kolabira Thana No.-150 District Saraikela- Kharsawan, Jharkhand, 833220
(f)   Administrative Building, Bhuj-Bhachau Road, Near Village Kannaiyabe, Kachchh, Bhuj, Gujarat, 
India, 370020 (Proposed plants for Alloy Wheels & Aluminum Steering Knuckles)
(xix) Address for Correspondence:
To the Registrar & Share Transfer Agents To the Company (Corporate Office)
MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd. 
(Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd) 
Noble Heights 1st Floor,
Plot No. NH-2, C-1 Block,
LSC Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri,
New Delhi - 110058
Phone Number: 011-49411000, 41410592,93,94 
Fax Number:  011-41410591 
Email: investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
Contact Person  :   Sh. Swapan Kumar Naskar 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
S.C.O 49-50, Sector 26
Madhya Marg,   
Chandigarh-160019
Phone No.: 0172- 2793112
Email ID: kanika.sapra@sswlindia.com 
Contact Person: Ms. Kanika Sapra
                          
(xx) LIST OF ALL CREDIT RATINGS OBTAINED BY THE ENTITY ALONG WITH ANY REVISIONS THERETO DURING THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR UNDER REVIEW, FOR ALL DEBT INSTRUMENTS OF SUCH ENTITY OR ANY FIXED DEPOSIT 
PROGRAMME OR ANY SCHEME OR PROPOSAL OF THE LISTED ENTITY INVOLVING MOBILIZATION OF FUNDS, 
WHETHER IN INDIA OR ABROAD 
 Details of Instrument
	 During	 the	financial	year	2025-26,	the	Company	obtained	credit	rating	from	India	Ratings	and	Research	Pvt.	Ltd.	(Ind-Ra)	(a	
100% owned subsidiary of Fitch Group) for credit facilities, the details of which are as follows:

[page 74]
|| 71 ||
Instrument Type Size of Issue (million) Rating/ Outlook Rating Action
Bank loan facilities INR 2,750 IND AA-/Stable Assigned
Bank loan facilities INR 13,415 (reduced from INR 13,429) INDAA-/Stable/IND A1+ Affirmed
 Detailed rationale of the rating action
 The	affirmation	reflects	SSWL’s	strong	market	position	as	an	alloy	and	steel	wheel	rim	manufacturer,	sustained	improvement	
in	SSWL’s	revenue,	and	resilient	operating	profitability	with	rangebound	EBITDA	margins.	Additionally,	there	is	an	increased	
share	of	higher-margin	business	(alloy	wheels)	in	the	revenue.	The	company’s	credit	metrics	remained	elevated	with	the	net	
adjusted	leverage	(net	debt	adjusted	for	letter	of	credit	(LC)	acceptances/EBITDA)	exceeding	2.5x	over	FY24-FY25,	amid	the	
ongoing	capex,	and	it	is	likely	to	remain	above	the	same	over	FY26-FY27.		
 The above rating can be accessed at India Ratings and Research’s website at https://www.indiaratings.co.in/pressrelease/81504  
as well as on the Company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-governance#credit-ratings
OTHER DISCLOSURES
(i)  Related Party Transactions
	 During	 the	financial	year	2025-26,	all	contracts	/	arrangements	/	transactions	entered	into	by	the	Company	with	related	
parties were in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis and there were no material related party 
contracts / arrangements / transactions entered by the Company with related parties. Further, the related party transactions 
undertaken by the Company during the year under review were in compliance with the provisions set out in the Act read with 
the rules issued thereunder and Regulation 23 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 All related party transactions were placed before the Audit Committee for their prior approval in accordance with the 
requirements of the applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Necessary details for each of the 
Related	Party	Transactions	as	applicable	along	with	the	justification	were	provided	to	the	Audit	Committee	in	terms	of	the	
Company’s Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with Related Party Transactions and as required under SEBI Master Circulars 
issued	from	time	to	time.	The	Audit	Committee,	during	the	financial	year	2025-26,	has	approved	related	party	transactions	
along with granting omnibus approval in line with the Company’s Policy on materiality of Related Party Transactions and 
dealing with related party transactions and the applicable provisions of the Act read with the Rules issued thereunder and 
the	SEBI	(LODR)	Regulations,	2015	(including	any	statutory	modification	(s)	or	re-enactment	(s)	thereof	for	the	time	being	in	
force). The transactions entered into pursuant to such approval were placed periodically before the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors.  
 The policy on materiality of related party transactions and dealing with related party transactions as approved and adopted 
by the Board is uploaded on the website of the Company under the link https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/
relatedparty_transaction.pdf
 Disclosure as required under IND AS 24 has been made in Note 41 of the both Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Company. Further, as per the Regulation 23(9) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Company has also 
submitted the disclosures of Related Party transactions to the Stock Exchanges on which the equity shares of the company 
are listed in the prescribed format and also published it on the website of the Company.
 None of the Directors has any pecuniary relationships or transactions vis-à-vis the Company except remuneration, sitting 
fees and dividend on the shares held by them.
(ii) No penalties, strictures were imposed on the Company by Stock Exchanges or SEBI, or any other statutory authority, on any 
matter related to capital markets, during the last three (3) years. 
(iii) The Company has established the Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy of the Company in line with the Section 177(9) 
& 177(10) of the Act and in accordance with Regulation 22 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable SEBI 
Regulations, enabling employees to report insider trading violations as well as reporting of instances of leak of Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information and has established the necessary vigil mechanism for directors and employees to report their 
genuine concerns. No personnel have been denied access to the audit committee. This mechanism provides for adequate 
safeguards against victimization of director (s) /employee (s) or any other person, who avail the said mechanism and also 
provides for direct access to the Ethics Counsellor or Chairman of the audit committee in appropriate and exceptional 
cases. The policy with the details of the Ethics Counsellor or Chairman of the Audit Committee has been communicated to 
the employees by uploading the same on the website of the Company. The employees can directly contact the Chairman 
of the Audit Committee on the email address as mentioned in the ‘Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy’ uploaded on the 
Company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/whistleblower.pdf	.	During	the	financial	year	2025-26,	the	
Company has not received any instances of genuine concerns from Directors or employees.
(iv) In Compliance with the Regulation 24A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
read with Annexure 15 of SEBI’s Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14/(7)2025-CFD-POD2/1/3762/2026 dated January 30, 
2026, the Company has obtained an Annual Secretarial Compliance Report from its secretarial Auditor i.e. Sh. Sushil Kumar 

[page 75]
|| 72 ||
Sikka,	Proprietor	of	M/s.	S.K	Sikka	&	Associates,	Practicing	Company	Secretaries,	confirming	compliances	with	all	applicable	
SEBI	Regulations,	Circulars	and	Guidelines	for	the	financial	year	ended	March	31,	2026.
(v) The	Company	has	complied	with	all	the	mandatory	requirements	specified	in	Regulations	17	to	27	and	clauses	(b)	to	(i)	of	
Regulation 46(2) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
(vi) Details	of	adoption	of	the	non-mandatory	requirement	as	specified	in	Part	E	of	Schedule	II:
(a) The	Non-Executive	Chairperson	of	the	company	has	been	provided	a	Chairperson’s	office	at	the	corporate	office	of	
the Company at Company’s expenses and also allowed reimbursement of expenses incurred in performance of his 
duties.
(b) During	the	year	under	review,	there	is	no	audit	qualification	on	the	Company’s	financial	statements.	The	Company	
continues	to	adopt	best	practice	to	ensure	regime	of	financial	statements	with	unmodified	audit	opinion.
(c) The Internal Auditor of the Company has direct access to the Audit Committee and presents his internal audit report 
to the Audit Committee. 
(vii)  In compliance to the Regulation 26(5) of SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Senior Management of the Company have 
made	disclosures	to	the	Board	of	Directors	confirming	that	no	material,	financial	and	commercial	transactions,	have	been	
entered	into	by	them	with	the	Company,	where	they	have	personal	interest,	which	could	have	potential	conflict	of	interest	with	
the Company at large.
(viii)  The Company has not adopted any alternative accounting treatment prescribed differently from the  Indian Accounting 
Standard	(IND	AS)	laid	down	by	the	Institute	of	Chartered	Accountants	of	India	(ICAI)	in	preparation	of	its	financial	statements.
(ix)  Risk Management: The Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee (RMC) for the risk assessment and to 
decide on risk minimization procedures. These procedures are periodically reviewed by the RMC to ensure that executive 
management	controls	risk	through	means	of	a	properly	defined	framework.
(x) Disclosure on Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities:
 The Company is in the business of manufacturing of wheel rims and knuckles. Steel and Aluminum being the primary raw 
material	is	the	key	to	Company’s	profitability.	Presently,	the	Company	imports	some	of	the	raw	material	and	that	impacts	the	
profitability	due	to	adverse	currency	movement.	The	Company	is	already	taking	steps	to	indigenize	the	imported	raw	material	
by developing it with Indian vendors and de-risking the business model.
	 As	 regards	foreign	exchange	risk,	a	significant	portion	of	the	Company’s	inflows	and	outflows	are	in	foreign	currency,	the	
exchange	rate	fluctuations	between	the	Indian	rupee	and	the	foreign	currency	affects	the	company’s	results	of	operation.	
Therefore, keeping in view the position of rupee vis-à-vis foreign currency, the Company has been assertive in taking forward 
cover for exports and imports. 
 The Company regularly informs the Board of Directors about the risk assessment, if any, along with recommendations to 
reduce the risk.
 Exposure of the Company to commodity and commodity risks faced by the entity throughout the year under review:
a.  Total exposure of the Company to commodities in INR:
    The Value of total inventory held by the Company for Raw Material, Work in Progress and Finished Goods (including 
stock in trade) as on 31.03.2026 was Rs. 63,151.98 lakhs.
b.  Exposure of the Company to various commodities:
Commodity Name 
(Inventory as on 
31.03.2026)
 
 
Exposures in INR 
(lakhs) 
towards the 
Particular 
Commodity 
 
Exposures 
in qty (MT) 
terms towards 
the Particular 
Commodity
 
 
% of such exposure hedged through commodity 
derivatives  
Domestic Market International Market
  TOTAL
 OTC EXCHANGE OTC EXCHANGE
Raw Material 37,403.39 44,099.24 NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Work in Progress            12,185.97	   6,304.75	 NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Finished Goods              8,326.27	 4,365.63 NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Scrap    5,236.35	   3,128.62	 NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Misc. Stocks 0 0 NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL

[page 76]
|| 73 ||
c. Commodity risks faced by the Company during the year and how they have been managed:
 The commodity prices are determined through basic supply and demand factors in the marketplace. However, 
Company is fairly insulated from any impact of adverse move in commodity prices due to provision of clean pass 
through	of	price	fluctuations	to	our customers.	Further,	one	of	the	key	supplier	of	the	main	commodity	that	we	consume	
(Steel)	also	happens	to	be	our	stakeholder	thereby	alleviating	any	risk	with	respect	to	availability	of	raw	material. 
(xi) During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	Company	has	not	raised	any	funds	through	preferential	allotment	or	qualified	
institutions	placement	as	specified	under	Regulation	32(7A)	of	the	SEBI	(LODR)	Regulations,	2015.
(xii) A	certificate	has	been	received	by	the	Company	from	Sh.	Sushil	Kumar	Sikka,	(Membership	No.	4241,	Certificate	of	practice	
no.	3582	and	Peer	review	certificate	no.	7636/2026)	proprietor	of	M/s	S.K.	Sikka	and	Associates,	Practicing	Company	
Secretaries,	that	none	of	the	Directors	on	the	Board	of	the	Company	has	been	debarred	or	disqualified	from	being	appointed	
or continuing as directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any 
such statutory authority(ies). (Annexed herewith as part of this report)
(xiii) During	the	financial	year	2025-26,	there	have	been	no	instances	in	the	Company,	where	the	board	has	not	accepted	any	
recommendation of any committee of the board which is mandatorily required.
(xiv) M/s AKR & Associates, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 021179N) have been appointed as the Statutory 
Auditors	of	the	Company	as	well	the	company’s	wholly	owned	subsidiary.	Accordingly,	during	the	financial	year	2025-26,	the	
total fees for all the services paid by the company and its subsidiary, on a consolidated basis, to the Statutory Auditors and 
to	all	entities	in	the	network	firm/	network	entity	of	which	the	statutory	auditor	is	a	part,	is	given	below:
     (Rs. In Lakhs)
Particulars Amount
Statutory Audit Fee 9.00
Tax Audit Fee 3.00
Certificate	charges* 3.35
	 *Certificate	charges	include	Rs.	1.35	Lakhs	for	DVA 	certification	under	PLI	scheme	as	given	to	the	customers.
(xv) The Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace and has adopted a policy on prevention, prohibition 
and redressal of sexual harassment at workplace in line with the provisions of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the Rules framed there under. All employees (including permanent, 
contractual & temporary trainees) are covered under this policy. The Company has complied with provisions relating to the 
constitution of Internal Complaints Committee under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013. Details in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition And 
Redressal) Act, 2013 are as under:
Particulars Number
Number	of	complaints	filed	during	the	financial	year	under	review 0
Number	of	complaints	disposed	off	during	the	financial	year	under	review 0
Number	of	complaints	pending	as	on	end	of	the	financial	year	under	review 0
(xvi)  The Company does not have any material subsidiary company in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 16(1)(c) 
of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Therefore, disclosure for details regarding material subsidiaries of the company is not 
applicable to the Company. The Company has in place a Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries in terms of Regulation 
16(1)(c) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The Policy, as approved by the Board, is uploaded on the website of the 
Company at https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/Policy_for_Determining_Material_Subsidiary.pdf
(xvii)		 The	Company	has	not	extended	any	loans	or	advances	to	any	firm/company	in	which	the	Directors	are	interested.
(xviii)  The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements as applicable to it along with the compliance with the 
requirements of Part C (sub paras 2 to 10) of Schedule V of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
(xix)  Disclosure with respect to Demat suspense account/ unclaimed suspense account: Not applicable 
 CODE OF CONDUCT
 The Board of Directors has laid down Code of Conduct (“Code”) for all board members and senior management personnel of 
the Company. The said Code incorporated the duties of directors including independent directors as laid down in the Act and 
is available on the website of the Company under the link https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/code_of_conduct.pdf. 
	 All	 board	members	and	senior	management	personnel	have	affirmed	the	compliance	with	the	Code	applicable	to	them	during	
the year ended on 31.03.2026. The Annual Report of the Company contains a Declaration by the Managing Director in terms 
of	SEBI	(LODR)	Regulations,	2015,	based	on	the	affirmations	received	from	the	board	members	and	senior	management	
personnel.

[page 77]
|| 74 ||
 DISCLOSURE OF CERTAIN TYPE OF AGREEMENTS BINDING LISTED ENTITIES:
 The Company has not been informed of any agreement under Regulation 30A(1) read with clause 5A of paragraph A of Part 
A of Schedule III of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Accordingly, there was no requirement for disclosing the same.
 INSIDER TRADING
 The Company has in place a Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading formulated to regulate, monitor and report 
trading by Designated Persons and a Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive 
Information in accordance with SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 {“SEBI (PIT) Regulations”}. The said 
codes are in line with the SEBI (PIT) Regulations, as amended from time to time, and are available on the website of the 
Company. 
 Web link for Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading is:
 https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/code_insider_trading.pdf 
 Web link for Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information is https://
sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/code_unpublished_price.pdf 
 The Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading lays down guidelines advising the management, staff and other 
connected persons, and procedures to be followed and disclosures to be made by them while dealing in the equity shares of 
the company and cautioning them of the consequences of violations. 
 Pursuant SEBI (PIT) Regulations, the Company has also adopted a Policy for Procedure of Inquiry in Case of Leak of 
Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (“UPSI”). The policy is formulated to maintain ethical standards in dealing with 
sensitive information of the Company by persons who have access to UPSI. The rationale of the policy is to strengthen the 
internal control systems to ensure that the UPSI is not communicated to any person except in accordance with the SEBI (PIT) 
Regulations. The Policy also provides an investigation procedure in case of any leak/suspected leak of UPSI.
 RECONCILATION OF SHARE CAPITAL AUDIT
	 As	 required	by	the	SEBI	(Depositories	and	Participants)	Regulations,	2018,	during	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	
Statutory Auditor of the Company carried out a Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit to reconcile the total admitted equity 
share capital with the National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and the Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
(CDSL) (collectively referred to as ‘Depositories’) and the total issued and listed equity share capital, on quarterly basis. 
The	audit	report	confirms	that	the	total	issued	and	paid	up	capital	is	in	agreement	with	the	total	number	of	shares	in	physical	
form and dematerialized form held with NSDL and CDSL. Further, the said Audit Report was disseminated to the stock 
exchanges on quarterly basis well within the stipulated time limit as prescribed in this regard and was also placed before the 
Board of Directors of the Company.
 SUBMISSION OF QUARTERLY COMPLIANCE REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 In compliance to the Regulation 27(2) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI vide Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
CFD-PoD-2/CIR/P/2024/185 dated December 31, 2024 and BSE Notice No. 20250102-4 dated January 02, 2025 and NSE 
circular NSE/CML/2025/07 dated February 28, 2025, respectively, the Company has submitted quarterly Integrated corporate 
governance,	duly	signed	by	the	Company	Secretary/Compliance	Officer	of	the	Company,	to	both	the	stock	exchanges	i.e.	
BSE and NSE wherein the equity shares of the Company are listed within thirty days from the end of  the quarter. The said 
quarterly reports were also placed before the Board of Directors of the Company for taking note of the same.
 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION
 As required under Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Managing 
Director,	Deputy	Managing	Director	(Executive	Director)	&	Chief	Financial	Officer	of	the	Company	have	given	appropriate	
certifications	for	the	financial	year	2025-26	and	the	same	was	placed	before	the	Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company	in	its	
meeting held on 29.05.2026.
 CONSTITUENTS OF RELATED PARTIES
 Following named Companies, Individuals, HUF and Trust constitute the related parties of the Company:
 Promoter Group Companies:
 Indian Acrylics Limited, SAB Industries Limited, Steel Strips Infrastructures Limited, Steel Strips Industries Limited (earlier 
known as Steel Strips Leasing Limited), Indlon Chemicals Limited, SAB Developers Pvt. Ltd., Malwa Chemtex Udyog 
Limited,  SAB Udyog Limited,  Steel Strips Mercantile Pvt. Limited, Indian Acrylics Investments Limited,  Munak International 
Pvt. Limited, Steel Strips Financiers Pvt. Limited, S.S. Credits Pvt. Limited, Malwa Holdings Pvt. Limited, S. J. Mercantile 

[page 78]
|| 75 ||
Pvt. Limited, Munak Investments Pvt. Limited, Steel Strips Holdings Pvt. Limited, Munak Financiers Pvt. Limited, Chandigarh 
Developers Pvt. Ltd., DHG Marketing Pvt. Ltd. and Chandigarh Aircraft Management Services Pvt. Limited. 
 Promoter Group Individuals:
 Ms. Maya Louise Garg, Ms. Amiya Jain and Mr. Taavissh Jain
 Promoters Individuals:
 Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg, Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Smt. Sunena Garg and Ms. Priya Garg.  
 Hindu Undivided Family (HUF):
 R. K. Garg & Sons (HUF) 
 Trust:
 Hansraj Trust
 Others:
 Associate Company: Clean Max Astria Private Limited(CMAPL)
 Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company: AMW Autocomponent Limited (AACL)
 TRANSFER OF UNCLAIMED DIVIDEND/SHARES TO INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
 Pursuant to provisions of the Act read with Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer 
and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”), as amended from time to time, all unpaid or unclaimed dividends are required to 
be transferred by the Company to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”) established under sub-section (1) 
of section 125 of the Act, after completion of seven years from the date of transfer to Unclaimed Dividend Account of the 
Company. Further, according to the Rules, the shares in respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed by the 
shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to the demat account of the IEPF Authority. The 
said	requirement	does	not	apply	to	shares	in	respect	of	which	there	is	a	specific	order	of	Court,	Tribunal	or	Statutory	Authority,	
restraining transfer of the shares.
 The Company has been paying dividend starting from the year 1996-97 (except for the year 2008-09 & 2019-20). Some 
amount of the dividend remains unpaid or unclaimed in the “Unpaid Dividend Accounts” being maintained by the Company 
with HDFC Bank Ltd. and Yes Bank Ltd.
 In accordance with the above mentioned provisions, during the year under review, the company had sent  reminder by sending 
notice individually and also by publishing the same in national (English) and local (Punjabi) newspapers, seeking action from 
the shareholders who have not claimed their dividends for seven consecutive years or more. In order to avoid transfer of 
dividend/Shares to said Authority, a list of unclaimed dividend and shareholders whose shares were liable to be transferred 
to the IEPF Authority was also placed on the website of the Company in the interest of the shareholders. Accordingly, during 
the year 2025-26, the Company had transferred the unpaid/unclaimed dividends and corresponding shares to the IEPF as 
follows: -
Particulars Amount of Dividend No. of equity shares (FV Rs. 1/-)
2017-18 (Final Dividend) Rs. 5,84,132.00 95747
 The complete details of shareholders whose shares transferred to the IEPF Authority until now is available on the website of 
the company at https://sswlindia.com/investors/investor-education-protection-fund#transfer-of-shares-to-iepf  
 No claim shall lie against the Company in respect of unclaimed dividend and equity shares transferred to IEPF Authority. 
Shareholders/claimant may claim the dividend and corresponding equity shares transferred to IEPF Authority including all 
benefits	accruing	on	such	shares,	if	any,	from	IEPF	Authority	by	making	an	online	application	in	prescribed	form	IEPF-5	
available on the website of IEPF Authority  ( www.iepf.gov.in) after obtaining the entitlement letter from the Company. The 
detailed procedure to claim the shares/unpaid dividend from the IEPF Authority is also available on Company’s website at 
https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/Procedure_for_claiming_shares_from_IEPF_Authority.pdf The Shareholders/
claimant	can	file	only	one	consolidated	claim	in	a	financial	year	as	per	the	rules.
 Process of claiming shares and dividend from IEPF
 In	accordance	with	the	Office	Memorandum	dated	20th	July,	2022	issued	by	IEPF	Authority,	the	claimant(s)	are	now	advised	
to	first	approach	the	Company	for	issuance	of	Entitlement	Letter	by	providing	all	the	required	documents	before	filing	of	claim	
application with the IEPF Authority.
	 Once	 the	Company	has	received	and	verified	all	the	requisite	documents	it	will	then	issue	an	entitlement	letter,	duly	signed	
by	the	Nodal	Officer	of	the	company,	along	with	all	the	required	details	to	file	web	form	IEPF-5	within	a	period	of	30	days.	The	
claimant(s)	shall	thereafter	file	claim	in	web	Form	No.	IEPF-5	available	on	www.iepf.gov.in / www.mca.gov.in. The claimant 

[page 79]
|| 76 ||
shall be required to submit the form with entitlement letter and other supporting documents. The claimant(s) shall then submit 
the self-attested copy of Form IEPF-5, its acknowledgment receipt and duly executed Indemnity Bond in an envelope marked 
as	“Claim	for	refund	from	IEPF	Authority”	at	the	registered	office	address	of	the	Company	in	the	name	of	the	“Nodal	Officer	of	
the	Company”,	to	enable	the	Company	to	file	the	e-verification	report	of	the	claim	within	the	prescribed	timeline	of	30	days.
 Advisory by IEPF Authority:
 An advisory on April 05, 2024 has been issued by the IEPF Authority wherein it has reiterated that the companies may reject 
the	claims	which	have	been	filed	by	claimant	without	attaching	proper	entitlement	letter.	
 Accordingly, the claimants are requested to adhere to the process of claiming shares from the IEPF Authority after obtaining 
entitlement	letter	from	the	company’s	nodal	officer	for	submitting	the	same	while	filing	Form	IEPF-5	with	the	IEPF	Authority.
	 During	 the	financial	year	2026-27,	the	company	would	be	transferring	unpaid	or	unclaimed	dividend	amount	for	the	financial	
year 2018-19 (Final) within 30 days from the due date of transferring the amount to IEPF i.e. 05.11.2026. Further, in the 
financial	year	2026-27,	the	Company	is	also	required	to	transfer	the	shares	in	respect	of	which	dividends	have	not	been	
claimed for seven (7) consecutive years from the Financial Year 2018-19 (Final), to the demat account of the IEPF Authority. 
The Company has given individual intimations to concerned shareholders indicating that such shares shall be transferred 
to IEPF Authority and also advertised in the newspapers seeking action from said shareholders. Accordingly, the concerned 
shareholders are requested to claim the unclaimed dividend for FY 2018-19 (Final) on or before 24.10.2026. 
 The details of unpaid dividend for the FY 2018-19 (Final) & onwards and the details of shares/ shareholders against which 
dividends is unclaimed for seven consecutive years from the FY 2018-19 (Final) are provided on the website of the Company 
at https://sswlindia.com/investors/investor-education-protection-fund#unpaid-unclaimed-dividend. The shareholders are 
requested to verify their records and claim their unclaimed dividends for the past years, if not claimed.
 Shareholders are also requested to note the following date(s) for claiming the unpaid or unclaimed dividend declared by the 
company for the FY 2018-19 and thereafter:
Financial year Date of declaration of 
Dividend
Dividend per share
(Amount in Rs.)
Proposed date for transfer of 
dividend to IEPF 
2018-19 30-09-2019 4.00 05-11-2026
2020-21 30-09-2021 2.00 05-11-2028
2021-22 30-09-2022 3.75 05-11-2029
2022-23 23-08-2023 1.00 29-09-2030
2023-24 30-09-2024 1.00 05-11-2031
2024-25 30-09-2025 1.25 05-11-2032
 Members who have not encashed the dividend warrants/demand drafts so far in respect of the dividend of the aforesaid 
period(s) are requested to make their claim to RTA on or before the above mentioned last date for claiming unpaid/unclaimed 
dividend.
 Details of Nodal Officer
 The	details	of	the	nodal	officer	appointed	by	the	Company	under	the	provisions	of	the	Act	and	IEPF	Rules,	2016	are	given	
below and the same is disseminated on the website of the Company https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/particulars-
of-nodal-officer.pdf 
Name	of	the	Company	Secretary	designated	as	Nodal	Officer Ms. Kanika Sapra
Phone No. 0172-2793112 (Extn : 430)
Email ID kanika.sapra@sswlindia.com  
Address SCO 49-50, Sector-26, Madhya Marg, 
Chandigarh-160019
AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Auditor’s	Certificate	on	compliance	of	conditions	of	Corporate	Governance	is	enclosed	herewith	and	forms	part	of	this	report.
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors  
Steel Strips Wheels Limited                         
Rajinder Kumar Garg    
  Chairman
Date:  03.09.2026                                                                                                                                                          DIN: 00034827
Place: Chandigarh

[page 80]
|| 77 ||
AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To,
The Members of 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
1. We, AKR & Associates, Chartered Accountants, the Statutory Auditors of Steel Strips Wheels Limited (“the Company”), have 
examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year ended on March 31, 2026, as 
stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of regulation 46(2) read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”).
 Managements’ Responsibility
2. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes 
the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions 
of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.
 Auditor’s Responsibility
3. Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring 
compliance	with	the	conditions	of	the	Corporate	Governance.	It	is	neither	an	audit	nor	an	expression	of	opinion	on	the	financial	
statements of the Company.
4. We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the 
purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.
5. We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on 
Certification	of	Corporate	Governance	issued	by	the	Institute	of	the	Chartered	Accountants	of	India	(the	ICAI),	the	Standards	
on	Auditing	specified	under	Section	143(10)	of	the	Companies	Act	2013,	in	so	far	as	applicable	for	the	purpose	of	this	certificate	
and	as	per	the	Guidance	Note	on	Reports	or	Certificates	for	Special	Purposes	issued	by	the	ICAI	which	requires	that	we	comply	
with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
6. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control 
for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services 
Engagements.
 Opinion
7. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the 
representations provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate 
Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of regulation 46(2) read with Schedule V of the 
Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2026.
8. We	state	that	such	compliance	is	neither	an	assurance	as	to	the	future	viability	of	the	Company	nor	the	efficiency	or	effectiveness	
with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
                             
                                                                                           
For AKR & Associates  
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No: 021179N
 
 Sd/-
   (Kailash Kumar)
Date:  03.09.2026      Partner 
Place: Chandigarh  M. No. 505972
 UDIN: 26505972GTWDHM6395 
                          

[page 81]
|| 78 ||
DECLARATION REGARDING COMPLIANCE BY THE BOARD MEMBERS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL WITH 
COMPANY’S CODE OF CONDUCT
The Company has adopted the Code of Conduct for all the Board members and Senior Management of the Company which is 
available on the website of the Company at https://sswlindia.com/investors 
I	confirm	that	the	Company	has	in	respect	of	the	financial	year	ended	31.03.2026,	received	from	its	Board	members	as	well	as	
Senior Management Personnel, a declaration of compliance with the code of conduct as applicable to them. 
 For Steel Strips Wheels Limited  
 Sd/-
  (Dheeraj Garg)
Date:  03.09.2026      Managing Director
Place: Chandigarh  DIN: 00034926
 CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant	to	the	provisions	of	Regulation	34(3)	and	Schedule	V	Para	C	Clause	(10)	(i)	of	the	SEBI	(Listing	Obligations	and	
Disclosure	Requirements)	Regulations,	2015
To
The Members,
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Steel Strips Wheels 
Limited (hereinafter	referred	to	as	‘the	Company’),	having	CIN:	L27107PB1985PLC006159	and	having	registered	office	at	Village	
Somalheri/Lehli, P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi, Distt. S.A.S Nagar(Mohali), Punjab, 140506 produced before me by the Company 
for	the	purpose	of	issuing	this	Certificate,	in	accordance	with	Regulation	34(3)	read	with	Schedule	V	Para-C	Sub-clause	10(i)	of	the	
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In	my	opinion	and	to	the	best	of	my	information	and	according	to	the	verifications	{including	Directors	Identification	Number	(‘DIN’) 
status at the portal www.mca.gov.in}	as	considered	necessary	and	explanations	furnished	to	me	by	the	Company	&	its	officers,	I	
hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the year ended 31 st March, 2026, have 
been	debarred	or	disqualified	from	being	appointed	or	continuing	as	Directors	of	companies	by	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Board	
of India (‘SEBI’), Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) or any such statutory authority(ies).
S. No. Name of Director DIN
1. Mr. Rajinder Kumar Garg 00034827
2. Mr. Dheeraj Garg 00034926
3. Mr. Mohan Joshi 07526082
4. Mr. Manohar Lal Jain 00034591
5. Mr. Sanjay Garg 00030956
6. Mr. Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni* 08263029
7. Mr. Virander Kumar Arya 00751005
8. Mr. Ajit Singh Chatha 02289613
9. Mr. Shashi Bhushan Gupta 00154404
10. Mrs. Deva Bharathi Reddy 08763741
11. Mr. Siddharth Bansal 02909820
12. Mrs. Sukhvinder Khanna 10744212
*Sh. Sanjay Surajpraksh Sahni, nominated by Tata Steel Ltd. (Equity Investor) ceased to be the Director of the Company with effect 
from	18.03.2026.
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the 
Company.	My	responsibility	is	to	express	an	opinion	on	these	based	on	my	verification.	This	certificate	is	neither	an	assurance	as	
to	the	future	viability	of	the	Company	nor	of	the	efficiency	or	effectiveness	with	which	the	management	has	conducted	the	affairs	of	
the Company.
 For S. K. SIKKA & ASSOCIATES 
Company	Secretaries 
Sd/-
  (Sushil Kumar Sikka)
      Proprietor
 FCS 4241, CP No. 3582                                                                                                                                     
Date:  03.09.2026 UDIN: F004241H001350894
Place: Chandigarh Peer	Review	Certificate:	7636/2026

[page 82]
|| 79 ||
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY 
                                      AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY2025-26
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
I. Details of the listed entity
1. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Company L27107PB1985PLC006159
2. Name of the Company Steel Strips Wheels Limited (SSWL)
3. Year of Incorporation 28-02-1985
4. Registered Office Address Village Somalheri/Lehli, P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi, 
District S.A.S Nagar (Mohali), Punjab-140506
5. Corporate Address SCO 49-50, Madhya Marg, Sector-26, 
Chandigarh-160019
6. Email Address ssl_ssg@glide.net.in
7. Telephone 0172-2793112
8. Website https://sswlindia.com/
9. Financial Year for which reporting is being  done 01.04.2025 to 31.03.2026
10. Name of the Stock Exchanges where shares are listed • National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
• BSE Limited (BSE)
11 Paid-up Capital Rs 15,71,80,425/- as on 31.03.2026
Rs.15,72,65,105/- as on date of this report
12.
Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the 
person who may be contacted in case of any queries on the 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Sh. Surinder Singh
(8872739944, surinder.singh@sswlindia.com)
13.
Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report 
made on a standalone basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on 
a consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and all the entities 
which form a part of its consolidated financial statements, 
taken together).
The disclosures under this report are made on a 
standalone basis for SSWL.
14. Name of assurance provider Intertek India Private Limited
15. Type of assurance obtained Reasonable Assurance on BRSR Core
II. Products/Services
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
S. No. Description of Main 
Activity Description of Business Activity % of turnover of 
the Company
1. Manufacturing Manufacturing of auto components i.e. Steel Wheel rims, 
Alloy Wheel rims and Aluminium Steering Knuckle 100%
17. Products/Services sold by the Company (accounting for 90% of the Company’s turnover):
S. No. Product/Service NIC Code % of total turnover 
contributed
1. Steel Wheel rims, alloy wheel rims, aluminium Steering Knuckle 29301 100%
III. Operations
18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the Company are situated:
Location Number of plants Number of offices Total
National 05* 27** 32
International 0 0 0
*		In	addition	to	this,	the	company	is	setting	up	a	new	plant	at	Bhuj,	Gujarat.
** Includes 22 Warehouses.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 83]
|| 80 ||
19. Markets served by the Company
a. Number of locations
Locations Number
National (No. of States) 18 States and 3 Union Territories
International (No. of Countries) 22
b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the Company?
 8.75%
c. A brief on types of customers
 The Company is the leader in designing & manufacturing automotive wheel rims under both steel & alloy categories. It sells its 
products to customers across the globe, and the Company’s products cater to various customers engaged in manufacturing 
automotive and auto components. 
IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of the Financial Year 31.03.2026:
a. Employees and workers (including differently abled):
S .No. Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A)
EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent (D) 2431 2355 96.87% 76 3.13%
2. Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
3. Total employees (D+E) 2431 2355 96.87% 76 3.13%
   WORKERS
4. Permanent (F) 632 632 100.00% 0 0.00%
5. Other than Permanent (G) 7151 7046 98.53% 105 1.47%
6. Total workers (F+G) 7783 7678 98.65% 105 1.35%
b. Differently abled Employees and workers:
S. No. Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A)
DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent (D) 3 3 100.0% 0 0.00%
2. Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
3. Total differently abled employees (D+E) 3 3 100.0% 0 0.00%
DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS
4. Permanent (F) 11 11 100.00% 0 0.00%
5. Other than Permanent (G) 2 2 100.00% 0 0.00%
6. Total differently abled workers (F+G) 13 13 100.00% 0 0.00%
21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of Women
Total (A) No. and percentage of Females
No. (B) % (B/A)
Board of Directors 11 2 18.18%
Key Management Personnel (KMP) * 5 1 20%
* KMP here includes CS, CFO & Executive Directors.

[page 84]
|| 81 ||
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers
 (Disclose trend for past 3 years)
Turnover Rate FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent Employees 31.3% 39.4% 31.5% 20.95% 17.54% 20.87% 25% 13% 25%
Permanent Workers 1.7% 0% 1.7% 3.93% 0% 3.93% 1% 1% 1%
 Note: This includes employees/workers who have retired during the year.
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
23. Name of holding/subsidiary/associate companies/joint ventures
S. 
No.
Name of the holding/ subsidiary/ 
associate      companies/ joint ventures (A)
Indicate whether 
Holding/
Subsidiary/ 
Associate/Joint 
Venture
% of shares 
held by the 
company
Does the entity indicated at 
column A participate in the 
Business Responsibility 
initiatives of the Company 
(Yes/No)
1  Clean Max Astria Private Limited (CMAPL) Associate 26.00% No
2  AMW Autocomponent Limited (AACL) Subsidiary 100.00% No
VI. CSR Details
24. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 (Yes/No): Yes
i. Turnover	(in	₹)	for	the	year	ended	March	31,	2026:	 ₹ 51,82,80,24,615
ii. Net	worth	(in	₹)	for	the	year	ended	March	31,	2026:	 ₹	16,81,98,05,627
VII. Transparency and Disclosure Compliances
25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible 
Business Conduct:
Stakeholder 
group from whom 
complaints  received
Remarks
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
No. of 
complaints  
filed during  
the year
No. of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution at 
close of the 
year
Remarks
No. of 
complaints  
filed during     
the year
No. of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks
Communities
Yes; 
https://sswlindia.com/
investor-docs/policies/
code_of_conduct_for_
business_partners.pdf 
0 0 - 0 0 -
Investors (other than 
shareholders)
Yes; 
https://sswlindia.com/
investor-docs/policies/
Investor-Grievance-
Policy.pdf 
0 0 - 0 0 -
Shareholders*
Yes; 
https://sswlindia.com/
investor-docs/policies/
Investor-Grievance-
Policy.pdf 
16 1
The complaint pending 
for resolution at the 
close	 of	 the	 financial	
year, received on 
25.03.2026, was 
resolved in April 2026.
5 1
The 
complaint 
pending for 
resolution at 
the close of 
the year was 
resolved in 
April 2025.
Employees and            
workers
Yes;
https://sswlindia.com/
investor-docs/policies/
whistleblower.pdf 
58 0 - 61 0 -

[page 85]
|| 82 ||
Customers
Yes; 
https://sswlindia.com/
investor-docs/policies/
code_of_conduct_for_
business_partners.pdf 
21 0 - 43 0 -
Value Chain Partners
Yes; 
https://sswlindia.com/
investor-docs/policies/
code_of_conduct_for_
business_partners.pdf 
0 0 - 0 0 -
Others (please specify) Not Applicable - - - - - -
* The number of complaints reported above represents genuine and agreed complaints.
26. Overview of the Company’s material responsible business conduct issue
 Material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues on environmental and social matters that present a risk or an 
opportunity to the business of the Company, rationale for identifying the same approach to adapt or mitigate the risk along with 
its	financial	implications,	are	given	below:
S. No.
Material 
Issue 
Identified
Indicate 
whether 
Risk/ 
Opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the material issue as risk/ 
opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt 
or mitigate
Financial 
implications 
of the risk or 
opportunity
1 Ethics and 
Compliance
Risk The Company expects all 
employees to adhere to the 
SSWL Code of Conduct and 
uphold the highest standards 
of ethical behaviour. The 
Company maintains a zero-
tolerance approach toward 
any non-compliance, as 
such actions may have a 
significant	adverse	impact	on	
its operations, reputation, and 
stakeholders.
Given the dynamic nature of 
applicable laws, regulations, 
and statutory requirements, 
the Company needs to 
ensure ongoing compliance. 
Any failure to comply with 
these requirements may 
result	in	legal,	financial,	and	
reputational risks, thereby 
adversely affecting the 
Company.
SSWL’s Code of Conduct, Whistle 
Blower Policy, Code of Conduct 
for Prevention of Insider Trading, 
Code of Practices and Procedures 
for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information, Policy 
on Materiality of Related Party 
Transactions, and Grievance 
Redressal Mechanism collectively 
promote ethical conduct and 
ensure compliance with applicable 
laws, regulations, and corporate 
governance requirements.
These codes and policies provide 
a robust framework to guide 
employees and other stakeholders 
in conducting business with integrity, 
transparency, and accountability. 
The Company regularly monitors 
amendments to applicable laws, 
rules, and regulations to ensure 
continued compliance. Any revisions 
to these policies and codes are 
promptly incorporated and effectively 
communicated to the relevant 
stakeholder groups, ensuring 
awareness and adherence across 
the organization.
Negative

[page 86]
|| 83 ||
2 Health and 
Safety
Risk Managing occupational health 
and safety is a top priority 
at SSWL. The Company is 
committed to providing a safe, 
healthy, and secure workplace, 
recognizing that the well-being 
of its employees and workers 
is fundamental to operational 
excellence, productivity, 
and sustainable business 
performance.
Risk assessment is an 
ongoing process at SSWL, 
with potential hazards being 
systematically	identified,	
evaluated, and mitigated 
through appropriate preventive 
and control measures. The 
Company continuously strives 
to strengthen its health and 
safety management practices 
to minimize workplace 
risks, prevent incidents and 
occupational illnesses, and 
ensure the health, safety, and 
well-being of all employees 
and workers.
To mitigate occupational health 
and safety risks, the Company 
strictly adheres to the policies, 
procedures, and controls established 
under its robust Health and Safety 
Management System. Regular 
risk assessments, inspections, 
and preventive measures are 
implemented to ensure a safe and 
healthy working environment across 
all operations.
The Company conducts periodic 
training and awareness programmes 
to reinforce safe work practices, 
enhance employees’ and workers’ 
understanding of occupational 
hazards, and build a strong culture 
of safety. In addition, routine 
health check-ups are organized, 
and in-house occupational health 
centres are maintained to monitor 
and promote the physical well-
being of employees and workers. 
These initiatives support the early 
identification	of	health	concerns,	
encourage preventive healthcare, 
and contribute to a healthier and 
safer workplace.
Negative
3 Employees 
Productivity 
and 
Retention
Opportunity 
and Risk
Employee engagement 
and productivity are key 
drivers of the Company’s 
sustainable growth and long-
term success. Achieving 
organizational objectives 
and meeting customer 
expectations require a skilled, 
motivated, and engaged 
workforce. Employees who 
bring creativity, innovation, 
and expertise across diverse 
functions are valuable assets 
that	contribute	significantly	to	
the Company’s operational 
excellence and competitive 
advantage.
The Company recognizes 
that the loss of skilled talent 
can adversely affect business 
continuity, productivity, 
innovation, and overall 
organizational growth. 
Accordingly, it is committed 
to fostering an inclusive, 
supportive, and performance-
driven work environment 
that promotes employee 
engagement, professional 
development, and talent 
retention.
The Company adopts a focused 
approach to employee engagement 
and talent retention through a 
range of initiatives, including cross-
functional exposure, continuous 
learning and development 
opportunities, skill enhancement 
programmes, performance 
recognition, and career development 
initiatives. These efforts aim to 
foster employee growth, enhance 
capabilities, and build a high-
performing workforce.
SSWL is committed to promoting 
an inclusive and diverse workplace 
where equal opportunities are 
provided to all employees, 
irrespective of age, gender, race, 
colour, religion, disability, or any 
other legally protected characteristic. 
The Company believes that a diverse 
workforce enriches perspectives, 
drives innovation, and strengthens 
organizational performance while 
ensuring a fair, respectful, and 
equitable work environment for all.
Both

[page 87]
|| 84 ||
4 Competition Risk and 
Opportunity
The automotive component 
industry continues to face 
intense competition, resulting 
in	significant	pricing	pressure	
and margin compression. 
Failure to meet customer 
expectations in terms of 
product quality, pricing, timely 
delivery, innovation, and 
design may lead to customer 
dissatisfaction and loss of 
market share.
At the same time, the 
increasing shift from 
the unorganized market 
to organized, brand-
driven product offerings 
present	significant	growth	
opportunities. The Company’s 
continued focus on product 
innovation, development of 
new components, operational 
excellence, and customer-
centric solutions enables it 
to strengthen its competitive 
position, expand its market 
presence, and capitalize on 
emerging opportunities in the 
evolving automotive industry.
The Company continuously strives 
to	enhance	its	operational	efficiency	
through process improvements, 
stringent quality control measures, 
and the development of 
technologically advanced products 
and components that provide 
a competitive advantage in the 
marketplace.
SSWL works closely with its key 
customers throughout the product 
development lifecycle to understand 
evolving requirements and deliver 
innovative, value-added solutions. 
By investing in technology, 
research and development, and 
continuous innovation, the Company 
remains at the forefront of industry 
advancements. It is well-positioned 
to meet changing customer 
expectations while sustaining its 
competitive edge.
Both
5 Social costs Risk SSWL’s assumptions while 
estimating social costs like 
gratuity funding are subject to 
capital market  and actuarial 
risks, and any shortfall    could 
put	pressure	on	the	financial	
performance of the Company.
A framework to manage social cost 
risks has been deployed to ensure 
that obligations remain affordable 
and sustainable.
Negative
6 Community 
Well-being
Opportunity The Company believes in 
corporate excellence and 
social welfare. This corporate 
philosophy is the force for 
integrating Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) into the 
Company’s values, culture, 
operations, and business 
decisions at all levels of 
the organization. Being a 
responsible corporate citizen, 
the Company has a value 
system of giving back to 
society and improving the 
quality of life of communities 
and the surrounding 
environment. The company 
is committed to its social 
responsibility by taking 
various	initiatives	in	the	fields	
of education, public health, 
environment and community 
welfare, etc., which would 
benefit	society	at	large.
- Positive

[page 88]
|| 85 ||
7 Climate and 
Environment
Risk and 
opportunity
Manufacturing sectors are 
generally  associated with 
high pollution during the 
manufacturing processes. 
Growing environmental 
concerns have made 
companies focus their 
investments on renewable 
sources of energy and 
controlling & modifying various 
manufacturing processes that 
have adverse impacts on the 
environment.
SSWL is committed to reducing 
its environmental footprint through 
initiatives focused on renewable 
energy adoption, water conservation 
and recycling, and the increased use 
of returnable packaging to minimize 
waste and promote resource 
circularity. The Company continues 
to accelerate its transition from fossil 
fuel-based electricity to renewable 
energy sources as part of its long-
term sustainability strategy.
To support this transition, the 
Company has invested in Clean Max 
Astria Pvt. Ltd. (CMAPL), a Special 
Purpose Vehicle (SPV) engaged 
in the generation, supply, and 
distribution of wind, solar, and hybrid 
renewable energy. This investment 
enables SSWL to procure renewable 
electricity for captive consumption, 
thereby reducing its dependence 
on conventional energy sources 
and lowering its greenhouse gas 
emissions.
In addition, rooftop solar photovoltaic 
systems have been installed across 
all manufacturing plants, resulting in 
a	significant	increase	in	the	share	of	
renewable energy in the Company’s 
overall electricity consumption. The 
Company has also upgraded all 
manufacturing facilities with high-
transmittance	polycarbonate	roofing	
sheets to improve natural daylight 
(lux levels), thereby reducing 
the	need	for	artificial	lighting	and	
enhancing	overall	energy	efficiency.
Through these initiatives, SSWL 
continues to strengthen its 
environmental performance while 
advancing its commitment to 
sustainable manufacturing and 
responsible resource management.
Both
8. Water 
security
Risk Fresh water is an important 
input for both manufacturing 
processes and domestic 
purposes of the Company. 
Processes such as paint booths 
are water-intensive processes 
in the automotive industry. It is 
important to use quality water 
to maintain paint quality. Water 
scarcity is India’s silent crisis, 
and unpredictable rainfall across 
India makes the manufacturing 
plants more vulnerable to water 
shortages. Hence, insulating 
against water risk is one of the 
identified	business	risks	and	
priorities.
The Company strives to mitigate the 
water risk by adopting the following 
methods:
•	 Optimum usage of water in 
all operations through various 
water	efficiency	measures	
adopted, such as low-volume 
water taps, arresting leakages 
in pipelines, amongst others.
•	 Rainwater harvesting: By 
increasing rainwater storage 
capacity.
•	 Recycling: By installing ETP/
STP and RO plants, we strive 
to increase our water recycling 
capacity.
Negative

[page 89]
|| 86 ||
Groundwater recharge: By installing 
specially designed deep aquifer pits 
for improving groundwater tables to 
ensure the availability of water for 
the community.
9 Supply Chain 
Management
Risk The complexity and global 
span of automotive industry 
supply chains expose 
companies	to	significant	
sustainability and disruption 
risks, impacting operational 
continuity and leading to a 
decline in sales and margins.
SSWL aims to develop a 
resilient supply chain framework 
by diversifying suppliers and 
integrating sustainability criteria 
into supplier selection. At SSWL, 
we have implemented transparent 
supply chain practices to ensure 
compliance with environmental and 
social standards, thereby reducing 
potential risks.
Negative
10 Energy 
Management
Risk and 
opportunity
The use of energy is 
an inevitable part of the 
Company’s operations.
However,	efficient	use	and	
the implementation of our own 
renewable energy sources 
will help in improving the 
Company’s operations. In the 
short term, there may be a 
negative impact from investing 
in renewable energy sources; 
however, in the long term, 
there would be a positive 
impact from the methodical 
use of these energy sources 
and alignment with industry 
expectations.
SSWL is constantly striving 
to convert its fossil fuel power 
consumption to renewable 
resources. The Company is actively 
engaged in energy management. 
The Company has invested in Clean 
Max Astria Pvt. Ltd. (CMAPL), a 
special purpose vehicle engaged 
in the business of production, 
generation, supply and distribution 
of wind, solar and/or hybrid power 
to off-take Electricity generated by 
it under captive consumption. The 
Company has installed rooftop solar 
facilities at all its plants. All plants 
have moved completely to fresh 
polycarbonate sheets to improve 
working conditions and save power 
consumption.
Both
11 Information/ 
Cyber 
security
Risk Given the fast pace at which 
the auto sector is growing 
at present, it is bound to 
face concerns relating to 
Internet Protocols, data 
privacy and risk-shifting for 
warranty issues that would 
need to be addressed to 
settle uncertainties amongst 
stakeholders. Further, 
threats of external cyber-
attacks, hacking and internal 
leakage,	modification	of	
information, and failure to 
protect information are other 
concerns.
The Company focuses on 
continuous	protection	of	confidential	
information across the IT landscape 
to	prevent	loss/theft	of	confidential	
data through installation and regular 
updating of various antivirus and 
malware protection software, 
firewalls,	etc.	Periodic	audits	are	
conducted to ensure adherence 
to the processes. Additionally, the 
company has obtained ISO- 27001 
certification	to	comply	with	best-in-
class IT norms.
Negative

[page 90]
|| 87 ||
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards adopting the 
NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
NGRBC PRINCIPLES
PRINCIPLE 1(P1) Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity and in a manner that is Ethical, 
Transparent, and Accountable.
PRINCIPLE 2 (P2) Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe.
PRINCIPLE 3 (P3) Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value 
chains.
PRINCIPLE 4 (P4) Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all their stakeholders.
PRINCIPLE 5 (P5) Businesses should respect and promote human rights.
PRINCIPLE 6 (P6) Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment.
PRINCIPLE 7 (P7) Businesses,	when	engaging	in	influencing	public	and	regulatory	policy,	should	do	so	in	a	manner	that	is	
responsible and transparent.
PRINCIPLE 8 (P8) Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development.
PRINCIPLE 9 (P9) Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner.
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Policy and management processes
1.
a. Whether the Company’s policy/
policies cover each principle and its 
core elements of the NGRBCs. (Yes/
No)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes* Yes Yes
b. Has the policy been approved by 
the Board? (Yes/No) Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
c. Web-link of the policies, if available
Yes
The requisite policies are available on SSWL’s Website under the 
Investor head.
https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-governance#codes-policies
2. Whether the Company has translated 
the     policy into procedures. (Yes/No) Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
3. Do the enlisted policies extend to the 
Company’s value chain partners? (Yes/No)
Yes, the Code of Conduct for business partners extends to value chain 
partners.
4. Name of the national and international 
codes/	certifications/	labels/	standards	
(e.g., Forest     Stewardship Council, 
Fairtrade, Rainforest      Alliance, Trustea) 
standards (e.g., SA 8000, OHSAS, 
ISO, BIS) adopted by the Company and 
mapped to each principle.
The policies are based on prescribed principles and conformance to the 
spirit of International Standards, including ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 
27001, ISO 45001, ISO 50001, GRI standards, and ILO principles.
5.
Specific	commitments,	goals	and	
targets	set	by	the	Company	with	defined	
timelines, if any.
The Company has set targets for ESG commitments for years to come, inter 
alia, related to product stewardship, Water neutrality, Energy conservation, 
Nature positive, Safe workplace, Energizing, equitable & inclusive workplace, 
Good Governance, Ethics, transparency, quality and accountability, and 
Sustainable supply chain management. The Company monitors the 
performance	against	specific	commitments	on	an	ongoing	basis.
6. Performance of the Company against 
the	specific	commitments,	goals	and	
targets along with reasons, in case the 
same are not met.
The Company constantly monitors its performance towards ESG 
commitments. The Company has been able to achieve the majority of 
its ESG targets and goals set last year.
*Considering	 the	 nature	 of	 the	 Company’s	 business,	 this	 principle	 has	 limited	 applicability.	 The	 Company	 complies	 with	
Regulations governing its operations and has taken initiatives to promote inclusive growth and environmental sustainability.

[page 91]
|| 88 ||
Governance, leadership and oversight
7. Statement by Director, responsible for the Business Responsibility Report, highlighting ESG-related challenges, 
targets,  and achievements:
Environment
The Company is putting its efforts towards conserving natural resources, reducing pollution and sustaining the environment. 
The Company is taking various initiatives to reduce its carbon footprint, conserve water, use alternative energy sources, 
etc. The Company continues to promote sustainable development through its business decisions and actions.
Social
The Company is socially responsible towards its employees and the community at large. The Company encourages 
the creation and maintenance of a diverse, inclusive, and vibrant work environment that nurtures and motivates its 
employees. For the community, the Company’s CSR policy intends to focus its efforts on socio-economic backward 
groups of the society by innovatively supporting them through programmes designed in the domains of education, health 
and environment.
Governance
The Company’s philosophy in relation to Corporate Governance is to ensure transparent disclosures and reporting that 
conforms fully to laws, regulations and guidelines and to promote ethical conduct throughout the organization with the 
primary objective of enhancing stakeholders’ value while being a responsible corporate citizen. The Company has always 
strived to build trust with shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers, regulators, and other stakeholders based on the 
principles of good Corporate Governance.
8.
Details of the highest authority responsible for 
implementation and oversight of the Business 
Responsibility policy(ies).
Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainability Committee 
(CSRSC)
9. Does	the	Company	have	a	specified	Committee	of	the	
Board/Director responsible for decision-making on 
sustainability-related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide 
details.
The Board of Directors has empowered the Corporate Social 
Responsibility and Sustainability Committee (CSRSC) to 
exercise oversight on the implementation of targets under ESG 
as well as to assess the BRSR performance. The committee 
is	led	by	Sh.	Virander	Kumar	Arya,	Independent	 Director,	
with	 members	 Sh.	 Shashi	 Bhushan	 Gupta,	 Independent   	
Director, Sh. Mohan Joshi*, Deputy Managing Director and 
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive Director, of the Company.
*Sh. Mohan Joshi, ceased to be member of the CSRSC w.e.f. 
03.06.2026, post his resignation from the Directorship of the 
company.
10 Details of review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for review
Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director/Committee of 
the Board/any other Committee.
Frequency (Annually/Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any other please 
specify)
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against 
above policies and 
follow-up action
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Quarterly
Compliance with 
statutory requirements 
of relevance to 
the principles, and 
rectification	of	any	non-
compliances
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Quarterly
The Managing Director & the Executive Directors review the performance of the systems and processes in place for 
NGRBC-related principles. The Audit Committee reviews the performance and grievance redressal mechanisms as per 
the Company’s Code of Conduct.

[page 92]
|| 89 ||
11.
Has the entity carried out 
independent assessment /
evaluation of the working of its 
policies by an external agency? 
(Yes/No).
If yes, provide the name of the 
agency.
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
No
12.   If the answer to question (1) above is ‘No’ i.e. not all Principles are covered by a Policy, reasons to be stated:
Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P 7 P8 P9
The entity does not consider the principles material to its 
business (Yes/No)
Not 
applicable.
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to 
formulate	and	 implement	 the	 policies	on	 specified	
principles (Yes/No)
The	entity	does	not	have	the	financial	or/human	and	
technical resources available for the task (Yes/No)
It	is	planned	to	be	done	in	the	next	financial	year	(Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify)

[page 93]
|| 90 ||
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping entities demonstrate their performance in integrating the Principles and Core Elements with key 
processes	and	decisions.	The	information	sought	is	categorized	as	“Essential”	and	“Leadership”.	While	the	essential	indicators	are	
expected	to	be	disclosed	by	every	entity	that	is	mandated	to	file	this	report,	the	leadership	indicators	may	be	voluntarily	disclosed	by	
entities which aspire to progress to a higher level in their quest to be socially, environmentally and ethically responsible.
PRINCIPLE 1: BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT AND GOVERN THEMSELVES WITH INTEGRITY AND IN A MANNER THAT 
IS ETHICAL, TRANSPARENT, AND ACCOUNTABLE.
Essential Indicator
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the financial year:
Segment
Total number 
of training 
and awareness 
programmes  held
Topics/principles covered under the training  
and its impact
% age of persons 
in respective 
category covered 
by the awareness 
programmes
Board of Directors 5
Business & Financial performance, Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR), assessments of Risks 
associated with Business, Evaluation of internal 
financial	 controls,	 compliance,	 and	 governance	
parameters, Companies Act, 2013, SEBI Regulations 
as applicable to the Company, Code of Conduct for 
Employees and Prevention of Sexual Harassment at 
Workplace (POSH) etc.
100%
Key Managerial 
Personnel 5 100%
Employees other 
than Board of 
Directors and 
KMPs
5302
POSH, water and energy conservation, IT security, 
incident investigation, productivity, environment 
protection, digitization, health and safety-related 
sessions, and sensitization of compliances under 
Code of Conduct to regulate, monitor, regulatory 
compliances, Skill development,  Policy Advocacy, 
Time management and report trading by Designated 
Persons etc.
100%
Workers 4519
Awareness Programmes on E n v i r o n m e n t ,  5 S , 
Health and Safety, Wellness sessions, Human 
Rights, Work Place Etiquette,  digitization, POSH  
and On-skill Development Programmes etc.
100%
2. Details of fines /penalties/punishment/award/compounding fees/settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the entity 
or by Directors/KMPs) with regulators/law enforcement agencies/judicial institutions, in the financial year in the 
following format :
	 (Note:	 the	entity	shall	make	disclosures	based	on	materiality	as	specified	in	Regulation	30	of	SEBI	(Listing	Obligations	and	
Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s website)
Monetary
NGRBC
Principle
Name of the regulatory/ 
enforcement agencies/ 
judicial institutions
Amount (in   
INR)
Brief of the  
Case
Has an appeal 
been preferred? 
(Yes/No)
Penalty / Fine
NILSettlement
Compounding Fee
Non-monetary
NGRBC
Principle
Name of the regulatory/ enforcement 
a g e n c i e s /  j u d i c i a l                               i n s t i t u t i o n sBrief of the Case
Has an appeal 
been     preferred? 
(Yes/No)
Imprisonment NILPunishment
*	During	FY2025-26,	no	fines	or	penalties	were	imposed	on	or	paid	by	the	Company,	which	are	breaching	the	materiality	thresholds	
mentioned	 under	 Regulation	 30	 of	 SEBI	 (Listing	 Obligations	 and	 Disclosure	 Requirements)	 Regulations,	 2015	 {SEBI	 (LODR)	
Regulations,	2015}.	In	terms	of	SEBI	(LODR)	Regulations,	2015,	fines	paid	during	the	year	that	are	below	the	materiality	thresholds	

[page 94]
|| 91 ||
have	 been	 disclosed	 in	 the	 quarterly	 Corporate	 Governance	 Reports,	 prepared	 and	 filed	 with	 the	 Stock	 Exchanges	 in	 terms	 of	
Regulation	27	of	SEBI	(LODR)	Regulations,	2015,	and	the	same	are	available	on	the	website	of	the	Company	www.sswlindia.com.
3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/Revision preferred in cases where monetary or 
non-monetary action has been appealed.
Case Details Name of the regulatory / enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions
Not Applicable
4. Does the Company have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, 
provide web link to the policy.
 Yes, the Company has an Anti- Bribery and Corruption Policy, which is available on the Company’s website at https://sswlindia.
com/investor-docs/anti_bribery_corruption_policy.pdf. The purpose of the policy is to ensure the conduct of all our business 
honestly and ethically. We take a zero-tolerance approach to Bribery and Corruption. We are committed to acting professionally, 
fairly and with integrity in all our business dealings and relationships wherever we operate, as well as implementing and 
enforcing effective systems to counter bribery. The Policy is mandatory for all the Company’s employees and other business 
partners of the Company.                 
5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement 
agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Directors
0 0KMPs
Employees
Workers
6. Details of complaints about conflict of interest
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints received in 
relation	to	issues	of	Conflict	of	Interest	
of the Directors
0 Not Applicable 0 Not Applicable
Number of complaints received in 
relation	to	issues	of	Conflict	of	Interest	
of the KMPs
0 Not Applicable 0 Not Applicable
7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines/penalties/action taken by 
regulators/law enforcement agencies/judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflict of interest.
 Not applicable.
8. Number of days of accounts payable ((Accounts payable*365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following 
format: 
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Number of days of accounts payable 83.76 74.73
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
        Yes,	Intertek	India	Pvt.	Ltd.
9. Openness of business
 Provide details of the concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along with loans 
and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format.
Parameters Metrics FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Concentration 
of Purchases
a. Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases 3.11% 2.41%*
b. Number of trading houses where purchases are made from 726 789*
c. Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total purchases from trading 
houses 39.07% 28.96%*

[page 95]
|| 92 ||
Concentration 
of Sales
a. Sales to dealers/ distributors as % of total sales - -
b. Number of dealers/ distributors to whom sales are made - -
c. Sales to top 10 dealers/ distributors as % of total sales to dealers/ distributors - -
Share of RPTs 
in
a. Purchases (Purchases with related parties/ Total Purchases) 0.16% 0.28%*
b. Sales (Sales to related parties / Total Sales) 0.00% 0.00%
c.  Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related parties/Total loans & 
advances)
0.00% 0.00%
d. Investments (Investments in related parties/Total Investments made) 0.00% 100%
*Previous year value re-stated 
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) 
If yes, name of the external agency. 
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Ltd.
Leadership Indicators    
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the principles during the financial year:
Total number 
of  awareness 
programmes  held
Topics/principles covered under the 
training
%age of value chain partners covered (by the 
value of business done with such partners) under 
the              awareness programmes
0
2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? (Yes/
No) If yes, provide details of the same.
 Yes, the Company has a Code of Conduct for Employees, Senior Management and Directors, which requires the Employees, 
Senior Management and Directors of the Company to take utmost care when participating in any transaction directly or indirectly 
in	which	they	have	a	direct	or	indirect	interest	that	conflicts,	or	may	conflict,	with	the	interests	of	the	Company.	They	are	
expected to:
i. Avoid	conflicts	of	interest
ii. Refrain	from	accepting	benefits	from	third	parties
iii. Disclose	interest	in	a	proposed	transaction	or	arrangement	(transactional	conflicts)
iv. Declare interest in an existing transaction or arrangement.
	 Every	 member	of	the	Board	and	Senior	Management	is	required	to	submit	an	affirmation	of	compliance	with	the	provisions	of	
the Code of Conduct annually. Further, the company also receives disclosures of interest at regular intervals from the Board of 
the Company.

[page 96]
|| 93 ||
PRINCIPLE 2: BUSINESSES SHOULD PROVIDE GOODS AND SERVICES IN A MANNER THAT IS SUSTAINABLE AND SAFE 
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental 
and social impacts of products and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.
FY  2025-26 FY  2024-25 Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts
R&D 0.13% 11.13%
•	 Developed processes that are safe, non-infringing, cost-effective, 
scalable, and have low environmental impacts.
•	 Improvement of existing processes by adopting the latest technology to 
reduce waste and generate value-added products.
•	 Developed lighter wheels to reduce environmental impacts.
Capex 
Including R&D 
Exp
1.60% 7.37%
The capital expense includes investments in renewable energy, installation 
of	 environmental	 monitoring	 systems,	 expenditure	 on	 energy-efficient	
equipment, waste reduction & treatment infrastructure, and automation of 
laborious activities, among others.
2. a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)
 Yes, the Company has established policies and procedures for sustainable sourcing. Environmental, Social, Ethical, and 
Governance (ESG) considerations are integrated into the supplier selection, evaluation, and monitoring process. Suppliers 
are expected to comply with the Company’s Supplier Code of Conduct, Sustainable Procurement Policy, and applicable 
legal requirements. The Company communicates its sustainability expectations to suppliers and service providers and works 
collaboratively with them to promote responsible business practices and continuous improvement across the supply chain.
b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
   Approximately 85%
3. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reuse, recycling, and disposing at the end of life, 
for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste, and (d) other waste.
Type of waste Processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reuse, recycling, and disposing at the end of life
Plastics (including 
packaging)
At the end of the lifecycle, plastics are given to the authorized waste vendor, where some quantities of 
the	plastics	are	reused.	The	company	has	always	prioritized	finding	innovative	ways	to	convert	single-
use packaging into reusable packaging.
E-waste At the end of the lifecycle, e-waste is given to the authorized waste vendor, where the e-waste is 
disposed off.
Hazardous waste At the end of the lifecycle, hazardous waste is given to the authorized waste vendor, where it is 
disposed off.
Other waste At the end of the lifecycle, all other waste is given to the authorized waste vendor, and carton boxes are 
reused. The rest is given to the authorized waste vendor for recycling and reclamation.
4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) applies to the entity’s activities (Yes/ No). If yes, whether the waste 
collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? 
If not, provide steps taken to address the same.
 Yes, SSWL is covered under the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) framework as a Producer/Importer/Brand Owner 
(PIBO) for applicable categories of plastic waste packaging.
 The Company’s waste collection and management approach is aligned with EPR Action Plans submitted to the Central Pollution 
Control Board (CPCB) and relevant State Pollution Control Boards (SPCBs). 
 The Company has further established collection systems, including partnerships with authorized recyclers and waste 
management agencies, to meet regulatory targets and ensure effective compliance.

[page 97]
|| 94 ||
Leadership Indicators
1. Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for the manufacturing 
industry) or for its services (for the service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format.
NIC
Code
Name of Product /
Service
% of total 
Turnover 
contributed
Boundary for which the 
Life Cycle Perspective / 
Assessment was conducted
Whether conducted by 
an independent external 
agency (Yes/No)
Results communicated 
in public domain (Yes/
No)
If yes, provide the web 
link.
29301 Alloy Wheel Rim – 
Car 6.5J X 17 7.25% Cradle to Gate Yes No
29301
Steel Wheel Rim – 
Car 6JX15 3.58% Cradle to Gate Yes No
2. If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your 
products/ Services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, 
briefly describe the same along with action taken to mitigate the same.
Name of Product / Service Description of the risk/
concern Action Taken
Alloy Wheel Rim – Car 6.5J X 17 
and
Steel Wheel Rim – Car 6J X 15
N.A.
Since our products include both MS (Mild Steel) and 
Aluminum Alloy, at the end of life, these materials can be 
recycled, replacing an equivalent amount of virgin material. 
This contributes positively to the environment by reducing 
the need for new raw materials and lowering the overall 
carbon footprint.
3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing 
industry) or providing services (for service industry).
Indicate input material Recycled or re-used input material to total material
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Flat Steel 9% 9%
Aluminum Ingot (In-house Recycled) 40% 25%
4. Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tons) reused, recycled, and 
safely disposed, as per the following format:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024- 25
Re - Used Recycled Safely 
Disposed Re - Used Recycled Safely 
Disposed
Plastics (Including Packaging) (MT) - 254.8 - - 171.5 -
E-waste (MT) - 4.78 - - - 0.33
Hazardous Waste (MT) - 2,114 1,232 - 2129* 1,187*
Other Waste (MT) - 92,636 - - 84,550.1 -
*Previous year values re-stated
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
Indicate product category Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of total products sold in respective 
category
Not Applicable

[page 98]
|| 95 ||
PRINCIPLE 3: BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE THE WELL-BEING OF ALL EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING 
THOSE IN THEIR VALUE CHAINS.
Essential Indicators
1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
% of Employees Covered By
Category Total (A)
Health Insurance Accident Insurance Maternity Benefits Paternity Benefits Day Care Facilities
Number 
(B) % (B / A) Number 
(C) % (C / A) Number 
(D) % (D / A) Number 
(E) % (E / A) Number 
(F) % (F / A)
Permanent Employees
Male 2355 2355 100% 2355 100% 0 0% 2355 100% 0 0%
Female 76 76 100% 76 100% 76 100% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 2431 2431 100% 2431 100% 76 3.13% 2355 96.87% 0 0%
Other than Permanent Employees
Male 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Female 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
% of Workers Covered By
Category Total (A)
Health Insurance Accident 
Insurance Maternity Benefits Paternity Benefits Day Care Facilities
Number 
(B)
% (B / 
A)
Number 
(C)
% (C / 
A)
Number 
(D)
% (D / 
A)
Number 
(E)
% (E / 
A)
Number 
(F)
% (F / 
A)
Permanent Workers
Male 632 632 100% 632 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 632 632 100% 632 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Other than Permanent Workers
Male 7046 0 0% 7046 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 105 0 0% 105 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 7151 0 0% 7151 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
c. Spending on measures towards the well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than 
permanent) in the following format-
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 
Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of the total revenue of the company. 0.04% 0.06%
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
        Yes,	Intertek	India	Pvt.	Ltd.
2. Details of retirement benefits, for the Current Financial Year and Previous Financial Year.
Benefits
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
No. of 
employees 
covered as
a % of total 
employees
No. of 
workers 
covered as 
a  % of total 
workers
Deducted and 
deposited with 
the authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
No. of 
employees 
covered as      
a % of total 
employees
No. of 
workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workers
Deducted and 
deposited with  
the authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF 100% 100% Y 100 % 100 % Y
Gratuity 100% 100% Y 100 % 100 % Y
ESI 1.6% 0% Y 5% 27% Y
Other Please Specify NA NA NA NA NA NA

[page 99]
|| 96 ||
3. Accessibility of workplaces:
 Are the premises/offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements 
of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether the entity is taking any steps in this regard.
 Yes, the appropriate infrastructural facilities and amenities are provided to employees and workers with disabilities to enable 
them to discharge their duties safely and effectively in the establishment.
4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide 
a web link to the policy.
 Yes, the Company has adopted an Equal Employment Opportunities Policy, which is available on its website at 
 https://sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/equal_employment_opportunities_policy.pdf 
5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Gender
Permanent Employees Permanent Workers
Return to work rate Retention rate Return to work rate Retention rate
Male 100% 100%
Not ApplicableFemale 100% 100%
Total 100% 100%
6. Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and 
workers? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Yes/No (If yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers Yes
Other than Permanent Workers Yes
Permanent Employees Yes
Other than Permanent Employees Yes
 SSWL’s policies provide opportunities for employees and workers to communicate their concerns freely. Grievances received 
from workers are duly recorded in the appropriate registers maintained at the plant premises. The Company also conducts 
programmes that allow employees/workers to communicate their concerns with team members and the top management. It 
also enables quick resolution of various issues. To improve the working environment, various committees - canteen committee, 
safety committee, Town hall committees, etc. have been formed. The grievances are addressed periodically. Further, in 
accordance with the Vigil Mechanism and Whistle-Blower Policy, any employee/worker can approach the Ethics Counsellor or, 
in exceptional circumstances, have direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company.
7. Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognized by the Company:
Category
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total 
employees/ 
Workers in 
the respective 
category (A)
No. of employees/
workers in the respective 
category, who are part 
of the association(s) or 
Union (B)
% (B/A)
Total employees/ 
Workers in 
the respective 
category (C)
No. of employees/workers 
in the respective category, 
who are part of the 
association (s) or Union (D)
% (D/C)
Total Permanent Employees
Male 2355 0 0% 2310 0 0%
Female 76 0 0% 66 0 0%
Total Permanent Workers
Male 632 632 100% 651 651 100%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0 0%

[page 100]
|| 97 ||
8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
Category
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total
(A)
On Health and safety 
measures On Skill upgradation Total
(D)
On Health and safety 
measures On Skill upgradation
No (B) % (B/A) No (C) % (C/A) No (E) % (E/D) No (F) % (F/D)
Employees
Male 2355 2355 100% 2355 100% 2310 1910 82.68% 1764 76.36%
Female 76 76 100% 76 100% 66 36 54.55% 31 46.97%
Total 2431 2431 100% 2431 100% 2376 1946 81.90% 1795 75.55%
Workers
Male 7678 7678 100% 7678 100% 8026 6629 82.59% 5101 63.56%
Female 105 105 100% 105 100% 81 81 100% 81 100%
Total 7783 7783 100% 7783 100% 8107 6710 82.77% 5182 63.92%
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and workers:
Category
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A) No. (B) % (B/A) Total (C) No. (D) % (D/C)
Employees
Male 2355 2355 100% 2310 2310 100%
Female 76 76 100% 66 66 100%
Total 2431 2431 100% 2376 2376 100%
Workers
Male 7678 7678 100% 8026 8026 100%
Female 105 105 100% 81 81 100%
Total 7783 7783 100% 8107 8107 100%
10. Health and safety management system:
a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented in the entity? (Yes/ No). If 
yes, the coverage of such a system?
 Yes. SSWL has implemented an Occupational Health and Safety Management System (OHSMS) across all manufacturing 
locations. The system is aligned with ISO 45001:2018 and covers all employees and workers. 
	 It	 includes	hazard	identification	and	risk	assessment,	operational	controls,	emergency	preparedness	and	response,	incident	
reporting and investigation, occupational health surveillance, safety training, contractor safety management, periodic audits, 
legal compliance, and continual improvement to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis by 
the entity?
 To ensure adherence to prescribed safety norms, teams visit workplaces/locations to carry out inspections and assessments 
of potential hazards that could harm workers. They also interact with the workers and explain hazards and risks involved in 
allocated	activities	through	toolbox	talks.	The	Company	also	has	a	HIRA	(Hazard	Identification	and	Risk	Assessment)	process	
that involves identifying existing and potential workplace hazards, assessing risks, and determining & implementing controls, 
with	periodic	reviews.	Hazards	related	to	working	at	heights,	working	in	confined	spaces,	hot	areas,	conveyor	belts,	heat	
stress, inadequate guarding, etc. are covered under the HIRA policies.
c. Whether you have processes for workers to report work-related hazards and to remove themselves from such 
risks.(Y/N)
 Yes
d. Do the employees/workers of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Yes/ 
No)
 Yes

[page 101]
|| 98 ||
11. Details of safety-related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number Category* FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million      person-hours 
worked)
Employees 0.26 0.13
Workers 0.15 0.37
Total recordable work-related  injuries
Employees 2 1
Workers 3 6
No. of fatalities
Employees 0 0
Workers 0 1
High-consequence work-related injury or ill health (excluding  fatalities)
Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
 *Including in the contract workforce.
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
        Yes,	Intertek	India	Pvt.	Ltd.
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
 The company has taken the following measures to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
i. Various	safety	training	and	awareness	programs	like	HIRA	(Hazard	Identification	&	Risk	Assessment),	Emergency	Preparedness	
Mock Drills, and Fire safety drills are carried out.
ii. The Company has designated team members to monitor activities, and safety work permits are continuously issued by safety 
officers	for	high-risk	activities,	including	work	at	height,	Confined	space,	Hot	work	area,	on	moving	machinery,	and	other	critical	
activities, along with the implementation of the Lock-out & Tag-out system.
iii. Across the plants of SSWL, an applause system is followed, wherein employees and workers are felicitated for sharing the 
best	ideas,	the	highest	number	of	near-miss	incidents,	initiatives	for	environmental	improvement	and	energy	efficiency.
iv. Daily	safety	patrolling	by	the	Plant	Head,	Maintenance	Head	and	Safety	Officers	to	identify	unsafe	acts	and	conditions.
v. The Medical rooms are equipped with basic emergency care equipment and medicines.
vi. Safety	audit	process	by	plant	safety	officers
vii. Regular	checks	of	the	critical	equipment,	machinery	and	testing	&	certification	by	a	Competent	Person	as	per	statutory	norms.
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution at the         
end of the year
Remarks Filed during  
the year
Pending 
Resolution at the 
end of the year
Remarks
Working Conditions 25 0 - 45 0 -
Health & Safety 33 0 - 16 0 -
14. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory 
authorities or third parties)
Health and safety practices 100%
Working Conditions 100%
15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on significant 
risks/ Concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.
 As a proactive measure, several activities such as free medical treatment, organization of medical camps and awareness 
programmes on various aspects (preventive health care, plastic waste, sanitation, AIDs, and so on) are undertaken by 
the Company. The Company continuously monitors and assesses its health & safety practices and working conditions. 
An investigation is conducted in case any incident is reported using various methodologies to identify the root cause. The 

[page 102]
|| 99 ||
investigation team presents corrective and preventive measures, which are reviewed at various levels by management. Various 
safety protocols/SOPs are in place to ensure workplace safety and the safety of the team members. All leading and lagging 
indicators are captured, and accordingly, corrective & preventive actions are planned & implemented across all operations. 
Leadership Indicators
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of the death of (A) Employees 
(Y/N) (B) Workers (Y/N).
 Employees: Yes
 Workers: Yes
2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the 
value chain partners.
 Every contract issued by SSWL has “Standard Terms and Conditions” which need to be followed by the value chain partners. 
The Purchase/Service Order is binding on the value chain partners for adherence to the payment of statutory dues. The 
provisions include but are not limited to – payment of “Taxes & Duties,” “Audit Provisions”, “Compliance with Laws”, “Compliance 
with	Statutory	Obligations”,	“Intellectual	Property	Rights”,	“Data	Privacy”,	“Indemnification”	etc.	
3. Provide the number of employees/workers having suffered high-consequence work-related injury / ill-health / fatalities 
(as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or 
whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:
Total no. of affected 
employees/workers
No. of employees/workers that are rehabilitated and placed   
i in suitable employment or whose family members have been      
placed in suitable employment
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Employees 0 0 0 0
Workers 0 1 0 0
4. Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management of 
career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No)
 No
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were 
assessed
Health and safety practices 0
Working Conditions 0
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from 
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.
 No such assessments were undertaken during the year under review. 

[page 103]
|| 100 ||
PRINCIPLE 4: BUSINESS SHOULD RESPECT THE INTERESTS OF AND BE RESPONSIVE TO ALL ITS STAKEHOLDERS.
Essential indicators
1) Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the Company.
 Stakeholder mapping is undertaken at various levels, covering the Company’s plant level and corporate level. SSWL 
identified	key	stakeholder	groups	by	considering	individuals	or	entities	that	have	a	significant	interest	in,	or	influence	over,	our	
activities,	operations,	or	success.	The	list	of	identified	stakeholders	includes	the	Employees,	Communities,	Suppliers	/	Service	
Providers, Opinion Leaders / Experts / Academic Institutions, Media, Customers, Investors, Shareholders and Regulators / 
Government Authorities. 
2) List stakeholder groups identified as key for the Company and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder 
group.
Stakeholder Group
Whether 
identified as 
vulnerable & 
marginalized 
group (Yes/
No)
Channels of 
communication    
(Emails, SMS, 
Newspapers, 
Pamphlets, 
Advertisements, 
Community Meetings, 
Notice Board, 
Website, Others)
Frequency of 
engagement 
(Annually, 
Half yearly, 
quarterly /
others- 
please 
specify)
Purpose and scope of engagement               
including key topics and concerns  
raised during such engagement
Regulatory bodies/ 
Government/ 
Industry 
Associations
             No
Emails, Conferences, 
Representations, One-to-
one meetings, 
Meetings in Industry 
Forum
As per 
statutory 
requirements
(Need-based)
Compliance-related requirements  such 
as	the	filing	of	periodic	returns,	reports,	
payment of taxes, etc.
Opinion Leaders / 
Experts / Academic 
Institutions
No Emails, One-to-one 
meetings Need-based
Compliance with legal requirements, 
and advice on business, legal, tax, and 
environment related issues.
Investors/ Funders/ 
Shareholders No
Annual General 
Meetings, Notices, 
Advertisements,  Annual 
report, Regulatory 
	filings,	Website,	Investor	
presentations, Investor 
Meets, Investor Calls, 
Emails, Grievance Forum
Annual, 
Quarterly, 
Monthly, 
Need-based
Regulatory	compliances,	financial	
performance and business updates
Vendors/ Suppliers/ 
Contractors/ Sellers No
Emails, Supplier meets, 
one-to-one interaction 
Annual, 
Quarterly, 
Monthly, 
Need-based
To share and understand mutual needs 
and expectations,including quality, 
cost & delivery, and growth in business 
avenues. Also, to ensure compliance 
with ethical practices.
Customers No
Customer Meets, 
Feedback calls, Training 
Forums, Direct Visits
Need-based
Promote and grow business by 
educating them about the product, 
services, and new initiatives (if any). 
Understanding their expectations 
about products and services and ways 
to	improve	them.	Fulfill	transactions	
involved in doing business.
Local communities Yes
Meeting with Local 
Community, Public 
Hearing, CSR Initiatives
Annual, 
Quarterly, 
Monthly, 
Weekly, Daily
SSWL	has	identified	the					disadvantaged,	
vulnerable, and marginalized 
stakeholders in its areas    of operation. 
Based on their needs, the Company 
engages in initiatives related to 
healthcare, education, infrastructure 
development, rural area development 
etc. These   objectives are achieved 
through the Company’s CSR initiatives.

[page 104]
|| 101 ||
Employees No
Sunrise and sunset 
meetings, weekly/
monthly reviews, 
HR forum, town hall 
meetings, focused group 
discussion meetings, 
emails
Annual, 
Quarterly, 
Monthly, 
Weekly, Daily
Employee well-being, enhancing 
efficiency	and	productivity,	imparting	
training through regular programmes; 
increasing awareness of all aspects 
of the business (codes, values, etc.), 
Health and safety, Rewards and 
recognition.
Media/NGOs No Community Meeting Need-based
Maintaining quality standards, health, 
well-being, and inclusive growth in the 
community. Interacts with NGOs to 
conduct a needs analysis for the CSR 
project related to the local community 
and communicates with local media for 
awareness.
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social 
topics or, if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
 The Company’s senior management engages in regular dialogues with key stakeholders, including customers, investors, 
employees, suppliers and government authorities. Senior management engages in informed discussions and continuously 
offers feedback to the Managing Director and Executive Director of the Company. 
 Further, the Company has also established a CSRSC (Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability Committee) at the 
Board Level. The Committee is responsible for keeping the Board informed about various economic, environmental and social 
developments and seeking inputs from the directors. 
2. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental and social 
topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the input received from stakeholders on these topics 
were incorporated into the policies and activities of the entity.
 Yes. Based on the consultation, SSWL has adopted policies that include the CSR Policy, Environmental Policy, and 
SSWL’s Code of Conduct.
	 SSWL 	has	implemented	various	CSR	projects,	energy	and	water	efficiency	projects,	adopted	principles	of	circular	economy,	
and continuously improved HR practices. We take this feedback from the stakeholders to improve our performance.
3. Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to address the concerns of vulnerable/ marginalized 
stakeholder groups.
	 The	 Company	has	identified	avenues	to	meaningfully	engage	with	communities	through	structured	projects	to	improve	their	
livelihoods through education, skill-based training, and health awareness programs. Under CSR, the Company has been driving 
various activities to uplift the marginalized and vulnerable community. Details of CSR initiatives are available at the Company’s 
website https://sswlindia.com/investors/corporate-social-responsibility  .

[page 105]
|| 102 ||
PRINCIPLE 5: BUSINESS SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE HUMAN RIGHTS.
Essential Indicators
1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in the 
following  format:
Category
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A) No. of employees/
workers covered (B) % (B/A) Total (C) No. of  employees/
workers covered (D) % (D/C)
                                                                            Employees
Permanent 2431 2431 100% 2376 2376 100%
Other than Permanent 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total Employees 2431 2431 100% 2376 2376 100%
Category
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total 
(A)
No. of employees/
workers covered (B) % (B/A) Total (C) No. of employees/
workers covered (D) % (D/C)
Workers
Permanent 632 632 100% 651 651 100%
Other than Permanent 7151 7151 100% 7456 7456 100%
Total Workers 7783 7783 100% 8107 8107 100%
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
  Category
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A)
Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum Wage Total 
(D)
Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than Minimum 
Wage
No. (B) % 
(B/A) No. (C) % 
(C/A) No. (E) % (E/D) No. (F) % (F/D)
                                                           Employees
                                                        Permanent
Male 2355 0 0% 2355 100% 2,310 0 0% 2310 100%
Female 76 0 0%  76 100% 66 0 0% 66 100%
Other than Permanent
Male 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
                                                            Workers
                                                        Permanent
Male 632 0 0%  632 100% 651 0 0% 651 100%
Female 0 0 0% 0 100% 0 0 0% 0 100%
                                                                Other than Permanent
Male 7,046 0 0% 7046 100% 7375 0 0% 7375 100%
Female 105 0 0% 105 100% 81 0 0% 81 100%
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages, in the following format:
a. Median remuneration/ wages:
Male                   Female
Number
Median remuneration/salary/ 
wages (Per Annum) of the 
respective    category 
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Number
Median remuneration/salary/
wages (Per Annum) of the 
respective category
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Board of Directors (BoD) 3       216.62 0 Not Applicable
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) 4      154.05 1 10.63
 Employees other than BoD         and KMP  2351      4.76 75 3.7
Workers 632     5.03 0 Not Applicable
 														

[page 106]
|| 103 ||
b.  Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:            
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages 1.61% 1.41%
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
        Yes,	Intertek	India	Pvt.	Ltd.
4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues 
caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)
 Yes. The HR Head at the plant level is the focal point responsible for addressing human rights related issues. However, the Company 
employs	stringent	measures	to	ensure	that	there	are	no	human	rights	violations	in	its	area	of	influence.	The	Company	has	
complied with provisions relating to the constitution of the Internal Complaints Committee(ICC) under the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, which is active throughout the organization, including 
the plants, and monitors activities, conducts training, and carries out investigations to minimize irregularities. Employees are 
also allowed the opportunity to lodge complaints or grievances via email as per the Vigil Mechanism and Whistle Blower policy 
of the Company. Human rights concerns within the organization are addressed at the level of the Plant Head, HR Head, the Ethics 
Counsellor, the Chairman of the Audit Committee, and the Managing Director. At the corporate level, HR Head, Ethics Counsellor, 
Chairman of the Audit Committee, and the Managing Director shoulder the responsibility.
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
 As stated above, employees have the freedom to lodge complaints or express their concerns and grievances via email, as per the 
Vigil Mechanism and Whistleblower Policy and the Company’s Human Rights Policy. Human rights concerns within the organization 
are addressed by the Plant Head, HR Head, Ethics Counselor, Chairman of the Audit Committee, and the Managing Director.
 The detailed mechanism of the Company’s Vigil Mechanism and Whistle Blower Policy is available at - https://sswlindia.com/
investor-docs/policies/whistleblower.pdf . And the Human Rights Policy of the company is available at  https://sswlindia.com/
investor-docs/policies/human_rights_policy.pdf 
	 Further,	 as	per	the	SSWL’s	POSH	Policy,	each	complaint	of	sexual	harassment	is	dealt	with	utmost	confidentiality	and	on	
a priority basis by the ICC. The ICC maintains a register to endorse the complaints received by it and keeps the contents 
confidential,	if	so	desired,	except	to	use	the	same	for	discreet	investigation.
6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Filed during 
the year
Pending resolution at 
the end of the year Remarks Filed during 
the year
Pending resolution at 
the end of the year Remarks
 Sexual Harassment 0 0 NA 1 0 NA
 Discrimination at workplace 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
 Child Labour 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Forced Labour/Involuntary              
Labour 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
 Wages 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
 Other human-related issues 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
7. Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 
2013, in the following format:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH) 0 1
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees/workers 0 0.64%
Complaints on POSH upheld 0 1
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
        Yes,	Intertek	India	Pvt.	Ltd.

[page 107]
|| 104 ||
8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
 Please see the answer to question number 5 above. Further, the company has established Human Rights and Equal 
Employment Opportunities Policies which help in creating a non-discriminatory and harassment free workplace. If any complaint 
related	to	discrimination	and	harassment	arises,	it	is	dealt	with	utmost	confidentiality	in	compliance	with	these	policies.
9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)
 Yes 
10. Assessment for the year:
% of the Company’s plants and offices that were assessed
(By the Company or statutory authorities or third parties)
 Child Labour 100 %
 Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour 100  %
 Sexual Harassment 100  %
 Discrimination at workplace 100  %
 Wages 100  %
 Other- please specify NA
11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from the 
assessments at Question 10 above.
 Not Applicable
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of a business process being modified/introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/complaints.
	 The	 company	has	not	received	any	grievances/complaints	on	human	rights	issues.	 Hence,	no	business	modifications	
were required.
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due diligence conducted.
 The company has not received any grievances/complaints on human rights issues. Hence, no due diligence was required.
3. Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of 
Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?
 Yes
4. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such 
partners) that were  assessed
Sexual Harassment
0%*
Discrimination at workplace
Child Labour
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour
Wages
Others – please specify
 * In accordance with the Company’s policy on Code of Conduct for Business Partners, all business partners must treat all 
employees with respect & dignity and exhibit zero tolerance towards sexual harassment, workplace discrimination, and must 
not engage in Child Labour, Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour, etc. They must provide a safe and healthy workplace for their 
employees and contractors. Business Partners must be compliant with local and national laws and regulations on Minimum 
wages, Occupational Health & Safety, and have the required permits, licenses, and permissions granted by local and national 
statutory authorities. They must also provide their employees with safe and humane working conditions.
5. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from 
the assessments at Question 4 above.
 Not Applicable.

[page 108]
|| 105 ||
PRINCIPLE 6: BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND MAKE EFFORTS TO PROTECT AND RESTORE THE ENVIRONMENT.
Essential Indicators
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Giga Joules) and energy intensity, in the following format:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A) 1,56,341 1,57,681
Total fuel consumption(B) - -
Energy consumption through other sources (C) - -
Total energy consumption from renewable sources (A+B+C) 1,56,341 1,57,681
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D) 5,22,135 4,53,357
Total fuel consumption(E) 7,62,914 6,72,718
Energy consumption through other sources (F) - -
Total energy consumption from non-renewable sources (D+E+F) 12,85,049 11,26,075
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) 14,41,390 12,83,756
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy consumption/ turnover in GJ/ 
Lakhs rupees) 2.78 2.89
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)  
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) * 56.57 59.88
Energy intensity in terms of physical output (Total energy consumed / Total 
Production in GJ/MT) 3.68 3.63
Energy intensity (optional) NA NA
 *For	 India,	 PPP	 conversion	 factor	 is	 20.34	 and	 20.66  	 for	 the	 years	 2026	 and	 2025,	 respectively,	as	 per	 the	 Implied	 PPP	
conversion rate available at https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC/IND
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency?  
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
 Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Ltd.
2. Does the entity have any sites/facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve 
and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme 
have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any  
 Not applicable, as the company does not fall in the category of industries mandated under the PAT Scheme.
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
(i) Surface water 3,36,578 2,43,334
(ii) Groundwater 1,02,159 1,05,338
(iii) Third party water 1,12,956 1,30,174
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water - -
 (v) Others 35,828 45,837
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kiloliters) (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 5,87,521 5,24,683
Total volume of water consumption (in kiloliters) 5,87,521 5,24,683
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / revenue from operations) in 
KL/ Lakhs Rupees. 1.13 1.18
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)**  
(Total  water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) 23.06 24.47
Water intensity in terms of physical output 
Water intensity in terms of physical output (KL/Tonnes) 1.50 1.48
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity NA NA
		 *For	 India,	 PPP	 conversion	 factor	 is	 20.34	 and	 20.66  	 for	 the	 years	 2026	 and	 2025,	 respectively,	as	 per	 the	 Implied	 PPP	
conversion rate available at https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC/IND
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
 Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Ltd.

[page 109]
|| 106 ||
4. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water discharged:
 Parameter FY 2025-26 FY2024-25
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) To Surface water
None of the 
plants of the 
company 
discharges 
water outside 
the plant
None of the 
plants of the 
company 
discharges 
water outside 
the plant
No treatment 
With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(ii) To Groundwater
No treatment 
With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iii) To Seawater
No treatment 
With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iv) Sent to third parties
No treatment 
With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(v) Others
No treatment 
With treatment – please specify level of treatment
Total water discharged (in kilolitres)
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
 Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Ltd.
5. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and 
implementation.
	 SSWL 	has	implemented	robust	Zero	Liquid	Discharge	(ZLD)	systems	comprising	ETP	(Effluent	Treatment	Plant)	and	STP	
(Sewage Treatment Plant) at its manufacturing facilities. The treated water is effectively recycled for on-site use, minimizing 
overall water consumption and environmental impact.
6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity:
Parameter Unit FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
NOx kg 11,069 6,452
SOx kg 5,501 3,311
Particulate matter (PM) kg 7,375 12,366
Persistent organic pollutants (POP) NA NA NA
Volatile organic compounds (VOC) NA NA NA
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP) NA NA NA
Others- please specify NA NA NA
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
 Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Ltd.
7. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity:
Parameter Unit FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, 
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent            49,457         43,676
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, 
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent       1,02,977         91,553
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per rupee of turnover 
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from 
operations)
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent per 
Lakhs Indian rupees
               0.29             0.31
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee of 
turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity  (PPP)
 (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from 
operations adjusted for PPP)
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent per 
rupee of turnover 
adjusted for PPP
              5.98              6.31

[page 110]
|| 107 ||
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of 
physical output
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent per 
Metric Tonnes of 
production
    0.39           0.38
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity (optional)– the 
relevant metric may be selected by the entity NA NA NA
 *For	 India,	 PPP	 conversion	 factor	 is	 20.34	 and	 20.66  	 for	 the	 years	 2026	 and	 2025,	 respectively,	as	 per	 the	 Implied	 PPP	
conversion rate available at https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC/IND
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
 Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Ltd.
8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If yes, then provide details.
	 Yes,	 SSWL	has	undertaken	several	initiatives	to	reduce	greenhouse	gas	emissions.	Our	focus	areas	include	energy	efficiency	
improvements in manufacturing processes, waste reduction, and the adoption of cleaner technologies. We have successfully 
reduced our carbon footprint through these initiatives. A few of the initiatives taken by the company to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions include the following:
•	 Adoption of Renewable energy through solar and windmills
•	 Adoption of clean energy, i.e., through switching over from HSD to PNG/Propane
•	 Replacement of conventional air circulators with BLDC technology air circulators
•	 Radiant cooling system to optimize the HVAC operating load
•	 Replacement of old conventional lights with LEDs
•	 Installation	of	an	energy	efficient	air	compressor
•	 Replacement	of	old	motors	with	premium	efficiency	IE3	motors
•	 Switching from diesel operated forklifts to battery-operated forklifts
•	 Installation	of	energy	efficient	inverter	split	ACs
•	 Installation of auto shut-off valves for compressed air
•	 Waste heat recovery from air compressors/ melting furnace/ heat treatment furnace
•	 Plantation drives across all our locations
9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) 254.8 171.5
E-Waste (B) 4.78 0.33
Bio-Medical Waste (C) 0.07 0.07
Construction and demolition waste (D) 566.9 150
Battery Waste (E) - -
Radioactive waste (F) - -
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) – Lube Oil from DG Sets                 3,345.20      3,315
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify if any.
- Dry and Wet Waste         92,069     85,000
Total (A+B+C+D+E+F+G+H)*         96,241      88,637
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated / Revenue from operations) 
Tonnes per Lakhs Rupees                        0.19                   0.20
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total 
waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)                        3.78                   4.13
Waste intensity in terms of physical output 
(Waste per production in Waste Tonnes per Tonnes)                        0.25                    0.25
Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity NA NA

[page 111]
|| 108 ||
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations 
(in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
Recycled            95,009         84,887
Re-used - -
Other recovery operations (safely disposed) *             1,232            3,749
Total          96,241         88,636
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by type of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
Incineration                          0.07               365
Landfilling - -
Other disposal operations*           1,232             3,384
Total           1,232             3,749
For	 India,	 PPP	 conversion	 factor	 is	 20.34	 and	 20.66  	 for	 the	 years	 2026	 and	 2025,	 respectively,	as	 per	 the	 Implied	 PPP	
conversion rate available at https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC/IND
*We have a contract with an authorized waste management vendor. All waste is segregated and handed over to them for proper and safe 
disposal, in accordance with local regulatory guidelines.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Ltd.
10.  Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by 
your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices 
adopted to manage such wastes.
 SSWL is committed to environmental stewardship and sustainable waste management. Our approach encompasses waste 
minimization, recovery, and responsible disposal.
 Waste Minimization:
•	 Continuous evaluation of production processes to identify and eliminate waste generation.
•	 Implementation of lean manufacturing principles to optimize resource utilization.
•	 Substitution of hazardous materials with environment friendly alternatives wherever feasible.
•	 Regular training sessions are conducted for all employees on waste management, covering the types and quantities 
of hazardous waste generated, safe handling and storage practices, waste segregation, regulatory requirements, and 
measures to minimize waste generation and promote environmentally responsible disposal.
 Waste Recovery and Recycling:
•	 Segregation of waste at source to facilitate recycling and recovery.
•	 Collaboration	with	certified	recyclers	for	metal	scrap	and	other	recyclable	materials.
•	 Recovery of reusable materials for internal use or sale.
 Waste Disposal:
•	 Adherence to all applicable environmental regulations and permits.
•	 Safe and responsible disposal of non-recyclable waste in authorized facilities.
•	 Minimization of hazardous waste generation and proper disposal in accordance with regulations.
•	 By adopting a circular economy approach, SSWL aims to reduce its environmental footprint and contribute to a sustainable 
future.
11.  If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, 
biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental 
approvals/clearances are required, please specify details in the following format:
S. No. Location of 
operations/ offices
Type of 
operations
Whether the conditions of environmental approval/ clearance 
are being complied with? (Y/N)
If no, the reasons thereof and corrective action taken, if any.
Not Applicable

[page 112]
|| 109 ||
12.  Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the 
current financial year:
Name & brief 
details of project
EIA 
Notification 
No.
Date
Whether conducted 
by independent 
external agency (Yes 
/ No)
Results 
communicated in 
public domain
(Yes / No)
Relevant Web link
Not Applicable
13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the Water 
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment Protection Act 
and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
 Yes , the Company is compliant with all applicable regulations and compliances.
S. 
No.
Specify the law/regulation/
guidelines that were not 
complied with
Provide details 
of the non-
compliance
Any fines/penalties/action taken 
by regulatory agencies such as 
pollution control boards / by courts
Corrective 
action taken
Not Applicable
Leadership Indicators
1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kiloliters):
For each facility/plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:
(i) Name of the area: Not Applicable as none of the plants of the company is situated in a water stress region
(ii) Nature of operations: Designing & Manufacturing Automotive Wheels 
(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
(i) Surface water
None of the 
company’s plants 
is situated in 
a water stress 
region.
None of the 
company’s plants 
is situated in 
a water stress 
region.
(ii) Groundwater
(iii) Third party water
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water
(v) Others
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kiloliters)
Total volume of water consumption (in kiloliters)
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / turnover)
Water intensity – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kiloliters)
(i) Into Surface water
None of the plants 
of the company is 
situated in a water 
stress  region
None of the plants 
of the company is 
situated in a water 
stress          region
   - No treatment
   - With treatment, please specify level of treatment
(ii) Into Groundwater
     - No treatment
    - With treatment,  please specify level of treatment
(iii) Into Seawater
      - No treatment
- With treatment, please specify level of treatment
(iv) Sent to third parties
      - No treatment
      - With treatment level of treatment, please specify level of treatment
(v) Others
      - No treatment
      - With treatment, please specify level of treatment
Total water discharged (in kiloliters) NA NA
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
 Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Ltd.

[page 113]
|| 110 ||
2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format: 
Parameter Unit FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into 
CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available) Metric tonnes of CO2  equivalent 16,01,300 14,16,935
Total Scope 3 emissions per lakh rupees of turnover Metric tonnes of CO2  equivalent 
per lakh Indian  rupees 3.09 3.2
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (optional) – the 
relevant metric may be selected by the entity
Metric tonnes of CO2    equivalent 
per tonnes production 4.09 4.01
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, the name of the external agency. 
 Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Ltd.
3. With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide details 
of significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and remediation 
activities. 
 Not Applicable
4. If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource 
efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions/effluent discharge/waste generated, please provide details of the same 
as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format: 
S. No Initiative 
undertaken
Details of the initiative (Web-link, may be provided 
along with summary) Outcome of the initiative
1 Use of Solar & 
Wind Energy
SSWL Chennai Plant has sourced 76.83% of its 
electricity requirement from renewable energy during FY 
2025–26 through a combination of on-site rooftop solar 
power and off-site renewable energy procured under 
Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs). This initiative 
supports the Company’s decarbonization strategy and 
transition towards clean energy.
Reduced dependence on 
conventional grid electricity, 
resulting in lower Scope 2 GHG 
emissions and a reduced carbon 
footprint.
2 Installation of 
Waste heat 
recovery system
SSWL Mehsana Plant has implemented a waste heat 
recovery system to utilize waste heat from furnace 
flue	gases	to	heat	process	water.	Gas	consumption	is	
reduced.
Reduces gas consumption.
3 Energy 
Conservation 
through 
introducing VFD
Introduced Variable Frequency Drives (VFDs) in various 
processes to optimize energy usage and improve 
operational	efficiency.
Reduces the Scope-2 GHG 
Emissions.
4 Use of hybrid 
power under 
captive 
consumption
The Company has invested in Clean Max Astria Private 
Limited, a special purpose vehicle, to procure power 
generated by it through solar/wind/hybrid energy for 
usage at the Company’s Mehsana plant.
This investment has resulted 
in substantial conversion of 
fossil fuel power consumption to 
renewable sources. 
5 Water Neutrality 
– Rainwater 
Harvesting
The Company has adopted nearby ponds for rainwater 
harvesting to enhance groundwater recharge, improve 
local water availability, and promote sustainable water 
resource management. Furthermore, various water 
conservation initiatives have been implemented across 
operations to reduce freshwater consumption and 
improve	water	use	efficiency.	
These efforts support the 
Company’s commitment to 
achieving Water Neutrality by 
2030.
5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link. 
 Yes, SSWL has a robust Onsite Emergency Plan (OEP) in place, aligned with ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018 standards. 
This plan outlines emergency response procedures, roles and responsibilities, and resource allocation to minimize potential 
impacts from various emergencies.

[page 114]
|| 111 ||
6. Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation 
or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard. 
 SSWL is committed to minimizing its environmental impact throughout the value chain. We have implemented rigorous supplier 
assessment and selection processes to ensure that our partners share our commitment to sustainability. While we have not 
identified	any	significant	adverse	environmental	impacts	from	our	value	chain	to	date,	we	maintain	ongoing	monitoring	and	
evaluation to address potential issues proactively.
 By adhering to strict environmental standards and collaborating with our suppliers, we strive to create a positive environmental 
footprint.
7. Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for environmental 
impacts. 
 85%
8. How many Green Credits have been generated or procured: 
a. By the listed entity - Nil
b. By the top ten (in terms of value of purchases and sales, respectively) value chain partners – Nil

[page 115]
|| 112 ||
PRINCIPLE 7: BUSINESSES, WHEN ENGAGING IN INFLUENCING PUBLIC AND REGULATORY POLICY, SHOULD DO SO IN 
A MANNER THAT IS RESPONSIBLE AND TRANSPARENT.
Essential indicators
1.  a.  Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/associations.
   One (1)
b.  List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/associations (determined based on the total members of such 
bodies) the Company is a member of/affiliated to.
S. 
No. Name of the trade and industry chambers/associations Reach of trade and industry chambers/ 
associations (State/ National)
1. Automotive Component Manufacturing Association (ACMA) National
2.  Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the 
Company, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Name of the authority Brief of the case Corrective action taken
                                                                            Nil
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the Company:
S. 
No.
Public Policy 
advocated
Method resorted 
to for such 
advocacy
Whether information 
available in public domain? 
(Yes/ No)
Frequency of Review by Board 
(Annually/Half yearly/Quarterly/ 
Others- please specify)
 Web Link, if  
available
Nil
PRINCIPLE 8: BUSINESSES SHOULD PROMOTE INCLUSIVE GROWTH AND EQUITABLE DEVELOPMENT.
Essential Indicators
1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the Company, based on applicable laws, in the 
current financial year.
Name and 
brief details 
of project
SIA Notification
No.
Date of
notification
Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Yes / No)
Results communicated 
in public domain (Yes 
/ No)
Relevant 
Web-link
Not Applicable
2. Provide information on the project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken 
by the   Company, in the following format:
S. No. Name of Project for 
which R&R is ongoing State District
No. of Project 
Affected Families 
(PAFs)
% of PAFs 
covered by R&R
Amounts paid to 
PAFs in the FY (In 
INR)
Not Applicable
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
	 The	 Company	works	closely	with	the	community	in	the	identified	areas	of	contribution	in	the	thrust	areas	for	carrying	out	the	
Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives. Within the area of work, the employees of the Company work with the communities 
to	understand	the	impact	of	the	initiatives	on	the	intended	beneficiaries.	These	interactions	provide	ample	opportunities	for	
the	Company	to	gauge	and	address	community	concerns.	Based	on	these	interactions,	we	have	not	encountered	any	specific	
grievances from the community at present.
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Directly sourced from MSMEs/Small Producers 7.18% 6.00%
Sourced directly from within India 84.26% 83.02%
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
        Yes,	Intertek	India	Pvt.	Ltd. 

[page 116]
|| 113 ||
5. Job creation in smaller towns- Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed 
on a permanent or non- permanent/ on contractual basis) in the following locations, as % of total wages cost.
Location FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Rural 48.00% 43.55%
Semi-Urban 40.44% 43.93%
Urban 0.00% 0.00%
Metropolitan 11.56% 12.52% 
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
        Yes,	Intertek	India	Pvt.	Ltd.
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments 
(Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):
Details of negative social impact identified Corrective action taken
Not applicable as no social impact assessment was carried out during FY 2025-26
2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by the Company in the designated aspirational districts 
as identified by government bodies:
S. No. State Aspirational District Amount spent (In INR)
1 Jharkhand East Singhbhum 26,35,694/-
3. (a) Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising 
marginalized/ vulnerable groups? (Yes/No)
 No
(b) From which marginalized/vulnerable groups do you procure?
 Not applicable
(c) What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?
 Not applicable
4. Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by the Company (in the 
current financial year), based on traditional knowledge:
S. No. Intellectual Property based on                            
traditional knowledge
Owned/ Acquired 
(Yes/ No)
Benefit shared
(Yes/No)
Basis of calculating
benefit share
Not applicable
5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes 
wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
Name of authority Brief of the Case Corrective action taken
   Not applicable
6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
 The Company actively interacts with the community and performs need-based assessments for the implementation of CSR 
activities.	The	details	of	all	CSR	activities	undertaken	by	the	Company	during	the	financial	year	2025-26	can	be	accessed	in	the	
Annual Report  on CSR forming part of the Directors’ Report.
S.
No.  CSR Project
No. of persons 
benefitted from 
CSR  Projects
% of beneficiaries 
from vulnerable and 
marginalized groups
1 Gyan Setu Program for migrant Children Brick Kilns and slum areas 634 100%
2 Medical Financial assistance 4 100%
3 Special Education Program for Underprivileged Children 45 100%

[page 117]
|| 114 ||
4 School for Underprivileged Non-School Going Tribal Children, 
Jamshedpur 120 100%
5 Skill development & employability enhancement, Govt. ITI Moonak 120 100%
6 Environment Sustainability 85000 100%
7 Strengthening of Rural Health Centre Building, Jeoli & Dhakoli 8462 100%
8 Promoting nationally recognized sports & rural sports 130135 100%
9 Rural Health Clinic Syalikhet 1680 100%
10 Construction of new school building at Government Primary School,                    
Chandheri, Punjab 110 100%
11 Construction of New classroom at Government Primary School 
Hasanpur, Punjab 540 100%
12 Construction of School at Martoli, Mehsana 90 100%
13 Procurement of automatic fogging machine to Primary Health Centre 
Katosan, Mehsana 26000 100%
14 Nutrition Kit support to 100 TB patients, Jamshedpur 100 100%
15 Annual scholarship for needy children-paid fee and other education 
expenses of needy children  2 100%
16 Financial support given to needy students 2 100%
17 School development project 2488 100%
18 Construction of community centre 500 100%
PRINCIPLE 9: BUSINESSES SHOULD ENGAGE WITH AND PROVIDE VALUE TO THEIR CONSUMERS IN A RESPONSIBLE 
MANNER
Essential indicators
1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
 SSWL has a comprehensive mechanism in place to receive and respond to consumer feedback and complaints. SSWL is 
a B2B company, and we are in direct contact with the OEMs. We have various channels, such as direct feedback, email 
addresses, and meetings. All customer complaints are jointly handled by the Company’s Quality, Marketing, and Research & 
Development Departments, whose primary responsibility is to address customer grievances and arrive at prompt and workable 
resolutions. Each complaint is documented using a complaint form that captures important details about the kind and scope 
of the concern. The said departments promptly resolve each complaint by performing the root cause analysis and escalating 
the	matter	to	the	appropriate	officials	(as	applicable).	The	entire	process	is	closely	monitored	and	tracked	until	a	satisfactory	
resolution is provided to the customer.
2. Turnover of products and/services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about:
As a percentage of total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product Not applicable, as the wheel & Aluminum Steering Knuckle 
are a part of an automobile. SSWL  is a B-to-B company, 
and the customer furnishes necessary information as per 
applicable requirement.
Safe and responsible usage
Recycling and/or safe disposal
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
FY 2025-26
Remarks
FY 2024-25
RemarksReceived
during 
the year
Pending
resolution at 
end of year
Received 
during  the 
year
Pending
resolution at 
end of year
Data privacy 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Advertising 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Cyber- security 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Delivery of essential services Not Applicable Not Applicable
Restrictive Trade Practices 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Unfair Trade Practices 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Other (product related) 21 0 - 43 0 -

[page 118]
|| 115 ||
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls 0 NA
Forced recalls 0 NA
5. Does the Company have a framework/policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available, 
provide a web link of the policy.
 Yes, SSWL has a framework on cyber security and data privacy. The same is available on the website of the company  at https://
sswlindia.com/investor-docs/policies/information_security_policy.pdf .	The	Company	has	also	been	certified	for	the	Information	
Security Management System Standard: ISO/IEC 27001.
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential 
services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty/action 
taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products/services.
 Not applicable
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a. Number of instances of data breaches, along with impact
 Nil
b. Percentage	of	data	breaches	involving	personally	identifiable	information	of	customers
 Not applicable
c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches
  Not applicable
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
        Yes,	Intertek	India	Pvt.	Ltd.
Leadership Indicators
1. Channels/platforms where information on products and services of the Company can be accessed (provide web-link, 
if available).
 Adequate information regarding the Company’s products is available on the Company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/products
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
 We adopt globally recognized standards like IT- TAC (Indian Technical Tyre Advisory Committee) and ETRTO (European 
Tyre Rim Technical Organization), TRA (Tyre Rim Association) and other National and International good practices. Product 
Responsibility aspects are considered from product concept and development stages until delivery, in accordance with RoHS/
REACH/GADCL	or	customer-specific	requirements.	We	declare	the	material	and	upload	the	data	on	the	IMDS	platform	for	specific	
customer requirements. We label the wheels as per the IS Standards (IS 9436:2018, IS 9438:2018, IS 16192:2014 Part 2) and 
applicable statutory requirements (for example, BIS for India, SNI for Indonesia, Inmetro for Brazil, DOT for the USA, etc.) and 
customer-specific	requirements	(as	applicable).	SSWL	manufactures	wheels	that	are	fitted	on	cars,	MUVs,	tractors,	commercial	
vehicles, two-wheelers, OTR vehicles, etc. SSWL leverages digital media to educate customers and other stakeholders by 
sharing information related to its product through catalogues, which eventually leads to the selection of the right wheel category.
3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.
 Not Applicable 
4. a.  Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? 
(Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. 
 No
b. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products/services 
of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity, or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)
 No

[page 119]
|| 116 ||
Independent Reasonable Assurance Statement to Steel Strips Wheels Limited on their Business 
Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR) - FY2025-26
To,
The Management,
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Introduction
Intertek India Private Limited (“Intertek”) was engaged by Steel Strips Wheels Limited (“SSWL”) to provide an independent reasonable 
assurance on its Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR) for FY2025-26 (“the Report”). The scope of the Report 
comprises the reporting periods of FY2025-26. The Report is prepared by SSWL based on BRSR guidelines issued by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). The assurance was performed in accordance with the requirements of International Federation 
of Accountants (IFAC) International Standard on Assurance Engagement (ISAE) 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements Other 
than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information.
Objective
The	objectives	of	this	reasonable	assurance	engagement	were,	by	review	of	objective	evidence,	to	confirm	whether	the	sustainability	
related disclosures in the Report are in alignment with the BRSR Core disclosures requirements laid down by SEBI and were accurate, 
complete, consistent, transparent and free of material errors or omission in accordance with the criteria outlined below.
Intended Users
This Assurance Statement is intended to be a part of the Annual Report of Steel Strips Wheels Limited.
Responsibilities
The management of SSWL is solely responsible for the development of the Report and its presentation. Management is also 
responsible for the design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls relevant to the preparation of the Report so that it 
is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Intertek’s responsibility, as agreed with the management of SSWL, is to provide assurance and express an opinion on the data and 
assertions	in	the	Report	based	on	our	verification	following	the	assurance	scope	and	criteria	given	below.	Intertek	does	not	accept	
or assume any responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person or organization. This document represents Intertek’s 
independent and balanced opinion on the content and accuracy of the information and data held within.
Assurance Scope
The assurance has been provided for selected sustainability performance disclosures as per BRSR core disclosures with reference 
to Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting by listed entities as per SEBI Master Circular no. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-
CFDPOD2/ I/3762/2026 on 30th January 2026 presented by SSWL in its Report. The assurance boundary included data and 
information	for	the	projects	and	operations	of	SSWL	in	its	5	Plants	and	Corporate	Office	located	in	different	states	in	India,	in	
accordance with SEBI’s BRSR guidelines.
Our	scope	of	assurance	included	verification	of	internal	control	systems,	data	and	information	on	core	disclosures	reported,	as	
summarized below:
BRSR-Core Disclosures
Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent 
and Accountable
•	 Number of days of accounts payable
•	 Concentration of purchases & sales done with trading houses, dealers, and related parties.
•	 Loans and advances & investments with related parties
Principle 3: Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
•	 Cost incurred on well-being measures of employees and workers as a percentage of total revenue of the company
•	 Safety related incidents for employees and workers (LTIFR + Fatality + Permanent Disabilities) including contractual 
workforce
Principle 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
•	 Gross wages paid to females as percentage of total wages paid
•	 Complaints on POSH
Principle 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
•	 Total scope 1 and scope 2 emissions

[page 120]
|| 117 ||
•	 GHG emissions intensity (scope 1 and 2)
•	 Total water consumption, water consumption Intensity and water discharge by destination and levels of treatment
•	 Total energy consumed, percentage of energy consumed from renewable sources and energy intensity
•	 Total waste generated (category wise), waste intensity, Total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other 
recovery	operations;	Total	waste	disposed	by	nature	of	disposal	method;	waste	diverted	from	landfill.
Principle 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
•	 Input material sourced (from MSMEs/ small producers and from within India)
•	 Job creation in smaller towns– Wages paid to persons employed in smaller towns (permanent or non-permanent /
on contract) as % of total wage cost
Principle 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
•	 Instances involving loss / breach of data of customers as % of total data breaches or cyber security events
Assurance Criteria
Intertek conducted the assurance work in accordance with requirements of ‘Reasonable Assurance’ procedures as per the following 
standard:
•	 International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (revised) for ‘Assurance Engagements other than Audits or 
Reviews of Historical Financial Information’.
•	 International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3410 for ‘Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statement
A reasonable assurance engagement involved assessing the risks of material misstatement of the agreed indicators/parameters 
whether due to fraud or error, responding to the assessed risks as necesaary in the circumtances. A materiality threshold level of 
5% was applied. Assessment of compliance and materiality was undertaken against the stated calculation methodology and criteria.
Limitations
We have relied on the information, documents, records, data, and explanations provided to us by SSWL for the purpose of our 
review.
The assurance scope excludes:
•	 Any	disclosures	beyond	those	specified	in	the	Scope	section	above.
•	 Data	and	information	falling	outside	the	defined	reporting	period.
•	 Data	pertaining	to	the	Company’s	financial	performance,	strategy,	and	associated	linkages	articulated	in	the	Report.
•	 Assertions made by the Company encompassing expressions of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, forward-looking 
statements, and claims related to Intellectual Property Rights and other competitive issues.
While we considered the effectiveness of management’s internal controls when determining the nature and extent of our procedures, 
our assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls.
The procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to checking aggregation or calculation of 
data within software/IT systems.
Methodology
Intertek performed assurance work using risk-based approach to obtain the information, explanations and evidence that was 
considered necessary to provide a reasonable level of assurance. The assurance was conducted by desk reviews, visit to SSWL’s 
site	in	Mehsana,	Dappar	and	Head	office	Chandigarh	and	stakeholder	interviews	with	regards	to	the	reporting	and	supporting	records	
for the FY2025-26. Our assurance task was planned and carried out during July-August 2026. The assessment included the following:
•	 Review of the Report that was prepared in accordance with the SEBI’s BRSR guidelines.
•	 Review of processes and systems used to gather and consolidate data.
•	 Examined and reviewed documents, data and other information with respect to all operational sites of SSWL made available in 
both	physical	and	digital	form	at	selected	SSWL’s	operational	site	in	Mehsana,	Dappar	and	head	office	in	Chandigarh.
•	 Conducted physical and online interviews with key personnel responsible for data management pertaining to all operational 
sites of SSWL at the selected SSWL’s operational site.
•	 Assessment of appropriateness of various assumptions, estimations and thresholds used by SSWL for data analysis.
•	 Review of BRSR core disclosures for the duration from 1 st April 2025 to 31st March 2026 for SSWL was carried out at SSWL’s 
selected location.
•	 Appropriate documentary evidence was obtained to support our conclusions on the information and data reviewed and details 
provided in a separate report.

[page 121]
|| 118 ||
Conclusions
Intertek reviewed BRSR for core disclosures provided by SSWL in its Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) in 
annual report FY2025-26. Based on the data and information provided by SSWL, Intertek concludes that the sustainability data and 
information is fairly presented in all material aspects as on the reporting standards.
Intertek’s Competence and Independence
Intertek is a global provider of assurance services with a presence in more than 100 countries employing approximately 43,500 
people. The Intertek assurance team included competent sustainability assurance professionals, who were not involved in the 
collection and collation of any data except for this assurance opinion. Intertek maintains complete impartiality towards any people 
interviewed.
For Intertek India Pvt. Ltd.
Pulak Mishra Shilpa Naryal Sandeep Vig
Verifier	Intertek	India Head of Sustainability Intertek South Asia & 
MENAP
Director-Business Assurance Intertek 
India & MENAP
03.09.2026 03.09.2026 03.09.2026
No	member	of	the	verification	team	(stated	above)	has	a	business	relationship	with	Steel	Strips	Wheels	Ltd.	stakeholders	beyond	
that	is	required	of	this	 assignment.	No	form	of	bribe	has	been	accepted	before,	throughout	and	after	performing	the	verification.	The	
verification	team	has	not	been	intimidated	to	 agree	to	do	this	work,	change	and/or	alter	the	results	of	the	verification.	The	verification	
team	 has	 not	 participated	 in	 any	 form	 of	 nepotism,	 self-dealing	 and/or	 tampering.	 If	 any	 concerns	 or	 conflicts	 were	 identified,	
appropriate	mitigation	measures	were	put	in	place,	documented	and	presented	with	the	final	report.	The	 process	followed	during	the	
verification	is	based	on	the	principles	of	impartiality,	evidence,	fair	presentation	and	documentation.	The	documentation	received	
and reviewed supports the conclusion reached and stated in this opinion.

[page 122]
|| 119 ||
MANAGEMENT 
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
India’s Economic Growth Story Continues
India’s economic growth story continues to command global attention, underpinned by robust macroeconomic fundamentals and 
sustained performance across key sectors. As per provisional estimates released by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme 
Implementation	(MoSPI)	in	June	2026,	India’s	real	GDP	—	output	adjusted	for	inflation	—	grew	by	7.7%	in	FY	2025–26,	accelerating	
from 7.1% in FY 2024–25. The manufacturing sector was a standout performer, expanding in double digits at 10.7%, while services 
and	private	consumption	also	recorded	strong	gains,	reflecting	resilient	domestic	demand.
Looking ahead, the Reserve Bank of India has projected overall GDP growth to moderate to 6.6% in FY 2026–27, citing headwinds 
from	the	West	Asia	conflict,	elevated	energy	prices,	and	global	supply-chain	disruptions.	Global	conditions,	meanwhile,	remain	
fragile amid persistent geopolitical and economic policy uncertainty, with trade tensions, rising energy costs, and a below-normal 
monsoon outlook posing near-term risks. Even so, India is expected to retain its position as the fastest-growing major economy in 
the world.
Automobile Sector: Highest-Ever Sales Across All Segments
The	automobile	industry	emerged	as	one	of	the	clearest	beneficiaries	of	this	momentum.	According	to	the	Society	of	Indian	Automobile	
Manufacturers (SIAM), FY 2025–26 saw every major vehicle category — passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, three-wheelers, 
and	two-wheelers	—	post	their	highest-ever	annual	sales,	the	first	such	industry-wide	record	in	seven	years.	Notably,	the	year	
began on a subdued note, with a slight de-growth across categories in H1, before staging a powerful turnaround in H2 (passenger 
vehicles up by 16.7%, two-wheelers up by 21.5%). Exports also hit record levels, reinforcing India’s position as a global automotive 
manufacturing hub.
Domestic Sales Trends (in numbers)
Category 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25 2025-26 
Passenger Vehicles 27,11,457 30,69,523 38,90,114 42,18,750 43,01,848 46,43,439
Commercial Vehicles 5,68,559 7,16,566 9,62,468 9,68,770 9,56,671 10,79,871
Three Wheelers 2,19,446 2,61,385 4,88,768 6,94,801 7,41,420 8,36,231
Two Wheelers 1,51,20,783 1,35,70,008 1,58,62,771 1,79,74,365 1,96,07,332 2,17,05,974
Quadricycles -12 124 725 725 120 4
Grand Total 1,86,20,233 1,76,17,606 2,12,04,846 2,38,57,411 2,56,07,391 2,82,65,519
Export Outlook (in numbers)
Category 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25 2025-26 
Passenger Vehicles 4,04,397 5,77,875 6,62,891 6,72,105 7,70,364 9,05,200
Commercial Vehicles 50,334 92,297 78,645 65,818 80,986 94,793
Three Wheelers 3,93,001 4,99,730 3,65,549 2,99,977 3,06,914 4,60,567
Two Wheelers 32,82,786 44,43,131 36,52,122 34,58,416 41,98,403 51,80,429
Quadricycles 3,529 4,326 2,280 4,178 6,422 6696
Grand Total 41,34,047 56,17,359 47,61,487 45,00,494 53,63,089 66,47,685
Overall Industry — Domestic Sales vs. Exports (Grand Totals)
Year Domestic Sales Exports Total (Dom. + 
Exports) Domestic YoY Export YoY
2020-21 1,86,20,233 41,34,047 2,27,54,280 -13.58% -12.94%
2021-22 1,76,17,606 56,17,359 2,32,34,965 -5.38% +35.88%
2022-23 2,12,04,846 47,61,487 2,59,66,333 +20.36% -15.24%
2023-24 2,38,57,411 45,00,494 2,83,57,905 +12.51% -5.48%
2024-25 2,56,07,391 53,63,089 3,09,70,480 +7.34% +19.17%
2025-26 2,82,65,519 66,47,685 3,49,13,204 +10.38% +23.95%
Key Growth Drivers
●	 GST 2.0 reforms, which lowered rates and improved vehicle affordability across categories
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 123]
|| 120 ||
●	 Successive	RBI	repo	rate	cuts,	easing	financing	costs	and	total	cost	of	ownership,	particularly	benefiting	commercial	vehicle	
fleet	operators
●	 Income tax relief announced in the Union Budget, boosting household purchasing power
●	 Rising	EV	adoption,	with	electric	passenger	vehicle	registrations	up	over	80%	during	the	financial	year
●	 Sustained capacity expansion, including new manufacturing investments from Hyundai, Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki, and 
others, alongside enhanced PLI scheme allocations for auto and auto components
Industry View
FY	2025–26	stands	out	as	a	genuine	inflection	point	for	India’s	automobile	industry	rather	than	an	incremental	improvement.	A	few	
things distinguish it from the preceding years of the trend:
A rare industry-wide “clean sweep.” Unlike previous years where growth was often led by one or two segments, FY 2025–26 saw 
every	single	category	post	record	annual	sales	simultaneously,	for	the	first	time	since	FY	2018–19,	suggesting	demand	recovery	
was	structural	(policy-driven)	rather	than	segment-specific.
A textbook “K-shaped” year that resolved upward. The year opened with de-growth in H1 across most categories, driven by 
subdued sentiment and high base effects, before a sharp H2 reversal once GST 2.0 and repo rate cuts took hold — one of the 
sharpest H1-to-H2 swings seen in the dataset, comparable in shape to the FY 2020–21 to FY 2021–22 recovery, but starting from 
a much higher base.
Exports outpacing domestic growth again, continuing the pattern last seen in FY 2021–22 — a signal that Indian OEMs are 
increasingly competitive on cost and quality in overseas markets, not just riding a domestic upcycle. Three-wheeler exports (+50%) 
and two-wheeler exports (crossing 51 lakh units) were the biggest surprises.
Two-wheelers remain the structural backbone of the industry, consistently accounting for roughly 75–77% of total domestic 
volumes	across	the	six-year	window	—	meaning	rural	and	semi-urban	demand,	financing	availability,	and	fuel/EV	price	dynamics	
will continue to be the single biggest swing factor for overall industry health.
Near-term risk to watch: the	West	Asia	conflict’s	pass-through	to	commodity,	fuel,	and	freight	costs	is	the	main	variable	that	
could soften FY 2026–27 growth from these record FY 2025–26 levels, even as underlying domestic demand fundamentals — 
affordability,	financing,	EV	transition	—	remain	intact.
Opportunities and Threats
Opportunities
Accelerating EV transition. Electric passenger vehicle registrations rose over 80% in FY 2025-26, supported by PM E-DRIVE, the 
PLI scheme for auto and auto components, and expanding charging infrastructure. The EV ecosystem represents a multi-billion-
dollar investment opportunity through 2030, with India positioning itself as a manufacturing and export base for electric mobility.
Export market expansion. Automobile exports grew an estimated 24% in FY 2025-26, with three-wheelers and two-wheelers 
leading	the	surge.	Trade	agreements	such	as	the	India-UK	FTA	are	reducing	tariff	barriers	on	finished	vehicles	while	encouraging	
localisation, and OEMs are increasingly using India as a global manufacturing and export hub rather than a purely domestic-demand 
play.
Capacity and capital investment momentum. Major OEMs — Hyundai, Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki, and others — have committed 
large multi-year capex programmes to expand production capacity, launch new models, and localise components, positioning the 
industry for sustained volume growth well into FY 2026-27 and beyond.
Policy tailwinds. GST 2.0 rationalisation, income tax relief, and successive RBI repo rate cuts have structurally improved vehicle 
affordability	and	financing	conditions	—	tailwinds	that	are	expected	to	persist	into	FY	2026-27	given	continued	government	focus	on	
manufacturing and consumption-led growth.
Resilient domestic demand base. With over 70% of industry revenue still anchored in domestic demand, the sector retains a 
strong	buffer	against	external	shocks,	while	rural	and	semi-urban	markets	—	the	core	of	two-wheeler	demand	—	continue	to	benefit	
from improving agricultural incomes and rural consumption.
Threats
Geopolitical and energy price risk. The	prolonged	West	Asia	conflict	has	already	driven	up	crude	oil	prices	and	disrupted	global	
supply chains, with knock-on effects for fuel prices, freight rates, and input costs across the auto value chain — a key factor behind 
the RBI’s downward revision of its FY 2026-27 GDP growth forecast to 6.6%.
Trade policy uncertainty and tariffs. Rising protectionism in key export markets, including proposed US tariff actions, poses a 
risk to India’s growing auto export base, particularly for OEMs with meaningful exposure to North American and Western markets.
Monsoon and agricultural output risk. A below-normal southwest monsoon outlook for FY 2026-27 could weigh on rural incomes 
and, by extension, two-wheeler and entry-level passenger vehicle demand, given how closely this segment tracks agricultural 
performance.

[page 124]
|| 121 ||
Input cost and margin pressure. Elevated commodity and energy prices, combined with currency volatility, could compress 
operating margins across the value chain, particularly for export-oriented manufacturers and component suppliers with thinner 
buffers.
High base effect. With FY 2025-26 having set records across every vehicle category, sustaining double-digit growth rates into FY 
2026-27	will	be	inherently	more	difficult,	and	a	moderation	in	headline	growth	numbers	should	be	read	in	that	context	rather	than	
as a sign of weakening fundamentals.
Financial Performance with respect to Operational Performance 
A	brief	on	the	financial	performance	of	your	company	during	the	financial	year	under	review	on	both	standalone	and	consolidated	
basis is given as below: -
On standalone basis:
•	 the Total Income	for	the	financial	year	under	review	rose	to	Rs.		5,19,467.31	lakhs	as	compared	to	Rs.	4,44,243.74	lakhs	in	FY	
2024-25, thereby recording an increase of 16.93%. 
•	 In terms of number of wheel rims,	the	Company	has	achieved	sale	of	196.96	Lakh	units	for	the	financial	year	under	review	as	
against 190.91 lakh units during the FY 2024-25, thereby recording an increase of 3.17%.
•	 In terms of number of Aluminum Steering knuckles (“Knuckle”) , the Company has achieved sale of 257147 units for the 
financial	year	under	review	as	against	46952	units	during	the	FY	2024-25.
•	 Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) 	for	the	financial	year	under	review	rose	to	Rs.	
52,295.60 lakhs as compared to Rs. 50,025.36 lakhs in FY 2024-25, thereby recording an increase of 4.54%.
•	 the Profit before Tax	for	the	financial	year	under	review	has	slightly	decreased	to	Rs.	27,095.01  lakhs from Rs. 28,201.37 
lakhs in FY 2024-25 marking a decline of 3.92%.The Profit after Tax (before Other Comprehensive Income) has also slightly 
decreased to Rs. 20,208.73 lakhs from Rs. 20,995.01 lakhs, thereby resulting in a decrease of 3.75%.
On consolidated basis:
•	 the Total Income	for	the	financial	year	under	review	rose	to	Rs.	5,18,596.67	lakhs	as	compared	to	Rs.	4,43,216.59	lakhs	in	FY	
2024-25, thereby recording an increase of 17.01%.
•	 EBITDA	for	the	financial	year	under	review	stood	at	Rs.	51,340.04	lakhs	as	compared	to	Rs.	48,750.75	lakhs	in	FY	2024-25,	
thereby recording an increase of 5.31%.
•	 The Profit before Tax 	after	exceptional	item	for	the	financial	year	under	review	decreased	to	Rs.	25,414.45	lakhs	from	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
Rs. 25,899.28 lakhs in FY 2024-25 thereby recording a decrease of 1.87%. Similarly, the Profit after Tax (before comprehensive 
income)	for	the	financial	year	under	review	decreased	to	Rs.	19,021.80	lakhs	from	Rs.	19,528.45	lakhs	in	FY	2024-25,	thereby	
recording a decrease of 2.60%.
Outlook
Steel	&	Aluminum	is	the	primary	raw	material	for	the	products	of	the	Company,	and	is	a	very	significant	part	of	the	final	product	cost	
of Steel Wheels, Aluminum wheels and Aluminum Steering Knuckles. Volatility in prices of Steel & Aluminum continue to be a reality 
and	pose	a	challenge	to	inventory	and	financial	management	for	the	Company	in	this	competitive	auto	component	sector.	
Factor of global growth has become a key linkage between economies and the consumer sentiment. Global growth is still limping on 
weak wicket and manufacturing output is still shrinking for a large part of the globe. The world economies are currently facing large 
headwinds on account of geo-political and trade tariff issues popping up over the past year. The uncertainties will restrict investments 
and surely hurt the demand sentiments across the globe. In the near term, hazy outlooks will restrict growth opportunities for all the 
automobile industry.
The Company is diversifying towards European Region alongwith newer products to counter the trade tariff impacts. 
Top customer concentration is a risk, as 85% of revenues come from domestic market customers and Company is increasing its 
footprints in Export markets by catering to wide ranges of segment and customers. Company is aggressively working on New 
Product Developments to widen its reach across domestic and export customers. 
Foreign currency movement also poses the risk towards the corporate performance as global currencies swings are extreme due 
to various macro issues persisting in current environment. This may act as a headwind for some time to come till situation becomes 
normal and volatility among global currency recedes to normalized levels.
To mitigate the risk, the Company continues to strive to improve its operational performance and develop new components, which 
are technologically superior and have an edge over the competitors. 

[page 125]
|| 122 ||
Return on Net Worth (PAT/Net Worth)
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 Detailed Explanation
12.01% 13.60% Lower PAT was due to increase in Depreciation and Interest Cost which results in lower 
return on Net Worth
Key Financial Ratios
Key Financial 
Ratio
FY          
2025-26
FY          
2024-25 % Change Calculation formula Detailed Explanation in case 
change is more than 25%
Debtors 
Turnover 32.80 days 30.89 days 6.18%
Average trade 
Receivables/Gross 
Revenue from 
operations
-
Inventory 
Turnover 59.71 days 59.34 days 0.62%
Average Inventory/ 
Sale of Products in 
days
-
Interest 
Coverage Ratio 2.11 1.92 9.54%
Net	profit	after	taxes	
+ Non-cash operating 
expenses+	finance	
cost / Debt service 
= Finance cost+ 
Schedule Repayment 
(excluding prepayment)
-
Current Ratio 1.17 1.11 5.47%
Current Assets/Current 
Liabilities(excluding 
Current Maturities of 
Long term Debt)
-
Debt Equity 
Ratio 0.16 0.19 -12.21%
Long Term Debt 
(excluding Current 
Maturities of Long term 
Debt)/ Shareholder’s 
Equity(excluding 
Revaluation reserve)
-
Operating	Profit	
Margin (%) 7.61%  9.01% -15.54%
Profit	before	tax	&	
interest/Net Sales=Total 
sales-sales return
-
Net	Profit	
Margin (%) 3.90% 4.74% -17.74% Net	Profit/Net	Sales=	
Total sales - sales 
return 
-
SEGMENT REPORTING
The Company is primarily engaged in the business of manufacturing Wheel Rims and other automotive components. The inherent 
nature of activities is governed by the same set of risk and returns, hence these have been grouped as a single segment. The said 
treatment is in accordance with the principle enunciated in the IND AS 108- Operating Segments.

[page 126]
|| 123 ||
RISKS & CONCERNS
The Company’s business is exposed to many internal and external risks and it has consequently put in place robust systems and 
processes, along with appropriate review mechanisms to actively monitor, manage and mitigate these risks. Some of the key 
existing and emerging risks affecting the Company are as follows:
Risks Type Key Risks Impact on SSWL Mitigation
Strategic Risk
Global Economic 
Scenario
Vehicle purchase across different 
segment has strong correlations with 
GDP growth. The decision to purchase 
a passenger vehicle comes under 
customers’ discretionary spending 
which is linked to their perception 
of business outlook. Depressed 
economic outlook can impact this 
spending and thereby constrain the 
Company’s growth potential.
Diversified	 product	 mix,  segment	 mix	
and customer mix. Target newer market 
segments which might provide counter-
cyclical support.
Long term growth 
dependent on  
capacity expansion
Capacities utilization across all the 
plants are inching up gradually and 
with business environment turning 
favorable growth in long term will be 
dependent on Capacity addition. 
Debottlenecking exercise across all the 
facilities are being carried every quarter. 
Optimum	 scheduling	 of  production	 across	
different products thereby improving yield. 
Possibility of setting up new lines wherein 
Company has project Management expertise. 
Operation Risk
Supply chain 
management
The complexity and global span of 
automotive industry supply chains 
expose	 companies	 to	 significant	
sustainability and disruption risks, 
impacting operational continuity 
and leading to decline in sales and 
margins.
SSWL aims to develop a resilient supply 
chain framework by diversifying suppliers and 
integrating sustainability criteria into supplier 
selection. At SSWL we have implemented 
transparent supply chain practices to ensure 
compliance with environmental and social 
standards, thereby reducing potential risks.
Employee 
Productivity and 
retention
Employees’ engagement and 
productivity contribute to the growth of 
the Company. To meet the organization 
goals and customer expectations, 
employees with creativity, innovative 
ideas and expertise in different areas 
are an asset to the Company. Attrition 
of talent has a negative impact on the 
growth of the company.
Focused approach on employee 
engagement and retention of talent through 
multiple initiatives includes     providing cross 
functional access, training opportunities, 
recognitions and skill development. The 
Company continuously makes efforts  
to promote diversity and offer equal  
opportunities to all irrespective of  their age, 
gender, colour or religion etc.
Competition
Competition in the business has 
increased	significantly	causing	a	serious	
adverse impact on the  margins of 
the auto component manufacturers. 
Customer dissatisfaction with price, 
quality,delivery performance, and design  
could lead to a loss of market share. 
In contrary to above, shift of the  un-
organized market to brand-based product 
offerings and developing new components 
turn  the competition into opportunity.
The Company continues to strive to improve 
its operational performance, strict quality 
controls and develop new components, 
which are  technologically superior and have  
an edge over its competitors.
The Company works closely with its key 
customers on product development and 
remains ahead on the technology curve. 

[page 127]
|| 124 ||
Climate and 
Environment
Manufacturing sectors are generally 
associated with high pollution during 
the manufacturing processes. 
Growing environmental concerns 
have made the Companies to focus 
its investments on renewable sources 
of energy and controlling & modifying 
of various manufacturing processes 
having adverse impacts on the 
environment.
SSWL is working on alternate sources of 
energy, water recycling and enhanced use of 
returnable packaging to minimize waste and 
maximize reuse. The Company is constantly 
striving ahead in converting its fossil fuel 
based power consumption to renewable 
resources. The Company has invested in 
special purpose vehicles engaged in the 
business of production, generation, supply 
and distribution of wind, solar and/or hybrid 
power in order to off-take Electricity generated 
by them under captive consumption. The 
Company has installed rooftop solar facilities 
at all its plants.  The implementation of which 
has resulted in substantial conversion of 
fossil fuel power consumption to renewable 
sources. All plants have moved completely 
on fresh polycarbonate sheets to improve lux 
levels and save power consumption.
Water security
Fresh water is an important input for 
both manufacturing processes and 
domestic purposes of the Company. 
Processes such as paint booths 
are water intensive processes in 
automotive industry. It is important to 
use quality water to maintain the paint 
quality. Water scarcity is India’s silent 
crisis and unpredictable rainfall across 
India makes the manufacturing plants 
more vulnerable for water shortages. 
Hence, insulating against water risk 
is	one	of	the	identified	business	risks	
and priorities.
The Company strives to mitigate the water 
risk by adopting following methods: 
Optimum usage of water in all operations 
through	various	water	efficiency	measures	
adopted such as low volume water taps, 
arresting leakages in pipelines, amongst 
others.
Rainwater harvesting: By increasing 
rainwater storage capacity.
Recycling: By installing ETP/STP and RO 
plants, we strive to increase our water 
recycling capacity.
Ground water recharge: By installing 
specially designed deep aquifer pits for 
improving ground water table to ensure the 
availability of water for the community.
Energy Management
The use of energy is an inevitable 
part of the Company’s operations. 
However,	 efficient	 use	 and	 the	
implementation of our own renewable 
energy sources will help in improving 
the Company’s operations. In the 
short-term, there may be a negative 
impact from investing in renewable 
sources of energy; however, in the 
long-term there would be a positive 
impact from methodical use of these 
energy sources and aligning with 
industry expectations.
SSWL is constantly striving ahead in 
converting its fossil fuel power consumption 
to renewable resources. The Company is 
actively engaged in energy management. 
The Company has invested in Clean 
Max Astria Pvt. Ltd. (CMAPL), a special 
purpose vehicle engaged in the business 
of production, generation, supply and 
distribution of wind, solar and/or hybrid 
power to off-take Electricity generated by it 
under captive consumption. The Company 
has installed rooftop solar facilities at all its 
plants.   All plants have moved completely 
on fresh polycarbonate sheets to improve 
working conditions and save power 
consumption.

[page 128]
|| 125 ||
Financial Risk
Currency Volatility
Volatility in currency exchange 
movements resulting in transaction 
and translation exposure.
Close monitoring of hedging strategy by risk 
management committee.
Quarterly assessment of foreign exchange 
exposure by Board.
Debt Burden
The Company’s outstanding 
indebtedness in an adverse 
environment	 can	 have	 significant	
impact	 on	 financial	 flexibility	 and	
business as a whole.
Close	 monitoring	 of	 debt	 profile	 and	
continuous effort to bring the cost in line with 
industry. Continuous effort to maintain the 
impeccable credit history. Quarterly review 
of	financial	leverage	and	efforts	are	on	to	
move towards industry benchmark.
Credit Rating Failure to maintain credit ratings could 
adversely affect cost of funds.
Regular exchange of information and 
updates with agency. Focused approach to 
work on areas of improvement and to build 
upon areas of strength. Close monitoring of 
triggers highlighted in rating rationale.
Social costs
SSWL’s assumptions while estimating 
social costs like gratuity funding are 
subject to actuarial risks and any short 
fall								could	put	pressure	on	financial	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	
performance of the Company.
A framework to manage social cost risks has 
been deployed to ensure that obligations 
remain affordable and sustainable.
Credit Risk
Customer default can pose a 
significant	challenge	and	impact	the	
bottom line of the Company.
Systems are in place to assess the credit 
worthiness of new as well as existing 
customers. 
Financial Fraud
Financial fraud can challenge the 
reputation as well as existence of 
the Company besides denting the 
confidence	on	the	systems	in	place.
Adequate	Internal	financial	control	systems	
are in place. Adequate accounting records are 
in place to safeguard the assets of Company 
and for preventing and detecting frauds. Vigil 
Mechanism	in	place 	that	provides	a	formal	
mechanism for all Directors, employees 
and	vendors	of	the	Company to	 approach	
the	Ethics Counselor/Chairman	of	the Audit	
Committee of the Board and make protective 
disclosures about the unethical behavior, 
actual or suspected fraud.
Legal Risk Ethics and 
Compliance
The Company expects all its 
employees to adhere to the Code of 
Conduct of SSWL and practice Ethical 
behaviour. The Company follows zero 
tolerance for any non-compliance as 
this will have an adverse impact on the 
Company. Due to the dynamic nature 
of laws, rules and regulations, it has 
become imperative for the Company 
to ensure their compliance. Any failure 
to comply with the same may impact 
on the reputation of the Company  
adversely.
SSWL’s Code of Conduct, Whistle Blower 
Policy, Code of Conduct for prevention 
of insider trading, code of practices and 
procedures for fair disclosure of unpublished 
price sensitive information, Policy on 
materiality of Related Party Transaction and 
Grievance Redressal across stakeholders 
ensures ethical behavior and compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations. 
The said Codes and policies provide for 
a framework for employees and other 
stakeholders to ensure that business is 
governed only by ethical practices. Further, 
any amendments to the laws, rules and 
regulations are checked on a regular basis. 
The said policies and code of conduct 
alongwith any changes thereon are duly 
communicated to the concerned stakeholder 
groups.

[page 129]
|| 126 ||
Health and 
Safety Health and Safety
Managing safety and health is a top 
priority at SSWL. Safe places and the 
good health of employees at work 
contribute to better productivity. 
Risk Assessment is a continuous 
process followed by measures to 
effectively control them   to ensure 
safety and good health of our 
employees at work.
To mitigate the risk, we strictly follow the 
rules and procedures laid down by our 
stringent health and safety management 
systems. We regularly conduct trainings to 
create awareness of safe working conditions 
and	building	confidence	of	the	employees.	
Further, the Company, conducts routine 
health check-ups and maintains internal 
health centers to monitor the well-being of 
our employees.
Information/ 
Cyber security
Information/Cyber 
security
The fast pace at which auto sector is 
growing at present, it is bound to face 
concerns relating to IP, data privacy and 
risk-shifting for warranty issues that 
would need to be addressed to settle 
uncertainties amongst stakeholders. 
Further, threats to external cyber-
attacks/ hacking and internal leakage/ 
modification	of	information/	failure	to	
protect information are other concern 
issues.
Continuous	 protection	 of	 confidential	
information across the IT landscape to 
prevent	 loss	 of	 confidential	 data	 through	
installation of various antivirus and malware 
protection softwares, etc. 
Periodic audits are conducted to ensure 
adherence to the processes. 
Additionally, the company has obtained ISO-
27001	certification	to	comply	best	in	class	IT	
norms.
INTERNAL CONTROLS AND THEIR ADEQUACY
The Company has adequate internal control procedures commensurate with size, nature of its business and complexity of its 
operations.	These	internal	policies	ensure	efficient	use	and	protection	of	the	assets	and	resources,	compliances	with	policies	and	
statutes	and	ensure	reliability	as	well	as	promptness	of	financial	and	operational	reports.	The	Internal	auditor	of	the	Company	makes	
continuous assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls and systems across the Company.
DEVELOPMENT IN HUMAN RESOURCES
Growth without human capital development will be in-complete growth. Your Company is attempting to match the human capital 
growth improvement amid intense competition. Talent retention has become an increasingly vital tool for matching customer 
expectations and will drive future growth of the Company. SSWL is extremely proud of its workforce for all the resilience shown 
throughout	the	period	under	review.	The	motivation	of	leading	from	the	front	from	the	top	leaders	of	the	Company	exemplified	the	
efforts towards this journey of this recovery. 
SSWL is increasing sensitivity towards the EHS factor of human capital and is working extensively towards worker safety and happy 
mind. Various initiatives towards improving the health quotient and health awareness amongst workers are being taken up. The 
Company works towards inclusive growth which comes with healthy mind at work. All the plants of SSWL are aggressively working 
towards improving well-being and health score of the employees.
The	Company	firmly	believes	the	culture	of	meritocracy	and	working	extensively	towards	employee	trainings	for	enhancing	their	job	
skills. Firm targets for On-Job training along with class room trainings are being taken up by each unit to ensure improvement in 
the learning curve of the employees. Various internal job rotations are deployed for enhancing the work culture and promoting the 
meritocracy. As on March 31, 2026, the Company had 3063 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company. 
DISCLAIMER
This report contains certain statements that the Company believes and may be considered as forward looking statements. These 
forward	looking	statements	may	be	identified	by	their	use	of	words	like	‘	plan’,	‘hope’,	‘will’,	‘expect’,	‘aim’	or	such	similar	words	or	
phrases. All such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to vary materially from those 
contemplated by the relevant forward looking statements.
For and on behalf of the Board
Date: 03.09.2026         (Rajinder Kumar Garg)
Place: Chandigarh                       Chairman                      
DIN: 00034827

[page 130]
|| 127 ||
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S 
                                                 REPORT
To The Members of 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
1. Opinion
	 We	 have	audited	the	accompanying	standalone	financial	statements	of	Steel	Strips	Wheels	Limited	(“the	Company”),	which	
comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31 st	March	2026,	and	the	Statement	of	Profit	and	Loss,	including	Other	Comprehensive	
Income, the Cash Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and notes to the standalone 
financial	statements,	including	a	summary	of	material	accounting	policies	and	other	explanatory	information.
 In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Standalone 
Financial Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required and give 
a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act, (“Ind AS”) and 
other	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	India,	of	the	state	of	affairs	of	the	Company	as	at	March	31,	2026	and	its	profit,	
total	comprehensive	income,	changes	in	equity	and	its	cash	flows	for	the	year	ended	on	that	date.
2. Basis for Opinion
	 We	 conducted	our	audit	of	the	standalone	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	the	Standards	on	Auditing	specified	under	
section 143(10) of the Act (SAs). Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibility 
for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance 
with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the ethical requirements 
that	are	relevant	to	our	audit	of	the	standalone	financial	statements	under	the	provisions	of	the	Act	and	the	Rules	made	there-	
under,	and	we	have	fulfilled	our	other	ethical	responsibilities	in	accordance	with	these	requirements	and	the	ICAI’s	Code	of	
Ethics.	We	believe	that	the	audit	evidence	obtained	by	us	is	sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide	a	basis	for	our	audit	opinion	
on	the	standalone	financial	statements.	
3. Key Audit Matters
	 Key	 audit	matters	are	those	matters	that,	in	our	professional	judgment,	were	of	most	significance	in	our	audit	of	the	standalone	
financial	statements	of	the	current	period.	These	matters	were	addressed	in	the	context	of	our	audit	of	the	standalone	financial	
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have 
determined that there are no key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
4. Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
•	 The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included	in	the	Annual	Report,	but	does	not	include	the	standalone	financial	statements	and	our	auditor’s	report	thereon.
•	 Our	opinion	on	the	standalone	financial	statements	does	not	cover	the	other	information	and	we	do	not	express	any	form	
of assurance conclusion thereon.
•	 In	connection	with	our	audit	of	the	standalone	financial	statements,	our	responsibility	is	to	read	the	other	information	and,	in	
doing	so,	consider	whether	such	other	information	is	materially	inconsistent	with	the	standalone	financial	statements	or	our	
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, 
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
5. Management’s Responsibility for the Standalone Financial Statements  
 The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation 
of	these	standalone	financial	statements	that	give	a	true	and	fair	view	of	the	financial	position,	financial	performance	including	
other	comprehensive	income,	cash	flows	and	changes	in	equity	of	the	Company	in	accordance	with	the	accounting	principles	
generally	accepted	in	India,	including	the	Indian	Accounting	Standards	(Ind	AS)	specified	under	section	133	of	the	Act	read	
with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. This responsibility also includes maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and 
for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 131]
|| 128 ||
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal	financial	controls,	that	were	operating	effectively	for	ensuring	the	accuracy	and	completeness	of	the	accounting	records,	
relevant	to	the	preparation	and	presentation	of	the	standalone	financial	statements	that	give	a	true	and	fair	view	and	are	free	
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
	 In	 preparing	the	standalone	financial	statements,	management	is	responsible	for	assessing	the	Company’s	ability	to	continue	
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
	 The	Board	of	Directors	are	also	responsible	for	overseeing	the	Company’s	financial	reporting	process.
6. Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
	 Our	 objectives	are	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	standalone	financial	statements	as	a	whole	are	free	from	
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always 
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, 
individually	or	in	the	aggregate,	they	could	reasonably	be	expected	to	influence	the	economic	decisions	of	users	taken	on	the	
basis	of	these	standalone	financial	statements.	
 As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout 
the audit. We also:
• Identify	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	standalone	financial	statements,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	error,	
design	and	perform	audit	procedures	responsive	to	those	risks,	and	obtain	audit	evidence	that	is	sufficient	and	appropriate	
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control.
• Obtain	an	understanding	of	internal	financial	control	relevant	to	the	audit	in	order	to	design	audit	procedures	that	are	
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on	whether	the	Company	has	adequate	internal	financial	controls	system	in	place	and	the	operating	effectiveness	of	such	
controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence	obtained,	whether	a	material	uncertainty	exists	related	to	events	or	conditions	that	may	cast	significant	doubt	on	
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to 
draw	attention	in	our	auditor’s	report	to	the	related	disclosures	in	the	standalone	financial	statements	or,	if	such	disclosures	
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate	the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the	standalone	financial	statements,	including	the	disclosures,	
and	whether	the	standalone	financial	statements	represent	the	underlying	transactions	and	events	in	a	manner	that	
achieves fair presentation.
 We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit	and	significant	audit	findings,	including	any	significant	deficiencies	in	internal	control	that	we	identify	during	our	audit.
 We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
	 From	 the	matters	communicated	with	those	charged	with	governance,	we	determine	those	matters	that	were	of	most	significance	
in	the	audit	of	the	standalone	financial	statements	of	the	current	period	and	are	therefore	the	key	audit	matters.	We	describe	
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely 
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences 
of	doing	so	would	reasonably	be	expected	to	outweigh	the	public	interest	benefits	of	such	communication.
7. Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of India in 
terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013, we give in the “Annexure A” to this report a statement 
on	the	matters	specified	in	paragraphs	3	and	4	of	the	Order,	to	the	extent	applicable.

[page 132]
|| 129 ||
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit we report that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from 
our examination of those books. 
c) The	Balance	Sheet,	the	Statement	of	Profit	and	Loss	including	Other	Comprehensive	Income,	the	Cash	Flow	Statement	
and Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account.
d) In	our	opinion,	the	aforesaid	standalone	financial	statements	comply	with	the	Accounting	Standards	specified	under	
Section 133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on 31st March, 2026 taken on record by the 
Board	of	Directors,	none	of	the	directors	is	disqualified	as	on	31stMarch, 2026 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
f) With	respect	to	the	adequacy	of	the	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	of	the	Company	and	the	operating	
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “ Annexure B”.	Our	report	expresses	an	unmodified	
opinion	on	the	adequacy	and	operating	effectiveness	of	the	Company’s	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	
reporting.
g) In our opinion, the managerial remuneration for the year ended March 31, 2026 has been paid / provided by the 
Company to its directors in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act; 
h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us: 
i. The	Company	does	not	have	any	pending	litigations	which	would	impact	its	financial	position.	
ii. The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material 
foreseeable losses.
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company
iv. (a)  The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material 
either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds 
or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, 
including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that	the	Intermediary	shall,	whether,	directly	or	indirectly	lend	or	invest	in	other	persons	or	entities	identified	in	
any	manner	whatsoever	by	or	on	behalf	of	the	Company	(“Ultimate	Beneficiaries”)	or	provide	any	guarantee,	
security	or	the	like	on	behalf	of	the	Ultimate	Beneficiaries;
(b)  The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material 
either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the 
Company	shall,	whether,	directly	or	indirectly,	lend	or	invest	in	other	persons	or	entities	identified	in	any	
manner	whatsoever	by	or	on	behalf	of	the	Funding	Party	(“Ultimate	Beneficiaries”)	or	provide	any	guarantee,	
security	or	the	like	on	behalf	of	the	Ultimate	Beneficiaries;
(c)  Based on the audit procedures that we have considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations as provided under (a) 
and (b) above, contain any material misstatement. 
v. The	final	dividend	declared	and	paid	by	the	Company	during	the	year	in	respect	of	the	previous	financial	year	is	in	
accordance with section 123 of the Act 2013 to the extent it applies to payment of dividend. 
	 The	 Board	of	Directors	of	the	Company	have	proposed	final	dividend	for	the	year	which	is	subject	to	the	approval	
of the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance with section 123 
of the Act to the extent it applies to declaration of dividend.

[page 133]
|| 130 ||
vi. Based on our examination which included test checks, the Company has used an accounting software for 
maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has 
operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, during the course of 
our audit, we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with. Additionally, the audit trail 
has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
For AKR & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021179N
per  Kailash Kumar
Partner 
Membership No.:  505972
Place  : Chandigarh                                                                                                                               UDIN: 26505972DDLMOF2261
Date: 29.05.2026

[page 134]
|| 131 ||
ANNEXURE A TO INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT OF EVEN DATE ON THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OF STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.03.2026
[Referred to in paragraph 7 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ in the Independent Auditors’ Report] 
i) a) A) The company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of 
property, plant and equipment.
    B) The company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
  b)   All	property,	plant	and	equipment	have	not	been	physically	verified	by	the	management	during	the	year	but	there	is	a	
regular	programme	of	verification	which,	in	our	opinion,	is	reasonable	having	regard	to	the	size	of	the	Company	and	the	
nature	of	its	assets.	No	material	discrepancies	were	noticed	on	such	verification.		
  c)   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, the title deeds of immovable properties (other than immovable properties where the Company is the lessee 
and	the	lease	agreements	are	duly	executed	in	favour	of	the	lessee)	disclosed	in	the	standalone	financial	statements	
are held in the name of the Company.
  d)   The company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right of use assets) or intangible assets or 
both during the year.
  e)   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, there are no proceedings initiated or pending against the Company for holding any benami property under 
the Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder
ii) a)   The	inventories	were	physically	verified	by	the	management	during	the	year	at	reasonable	intervals.	In	our	opinion	
and	according	to	the	information	and	explanations	given	to	us,	the	coverage	and	procedure	of	such	verification	by	the	
management is appropriate having regard to the size of the company and the nature of its operations. No discrepancies 
of	10%	or	more	in	aggregate	of	each	class	of	inventories	were	noticed	on	such	physical	verification	of	inventories	when	
compared with the books of accounts.
  b)   The	company	has	been	sanctioned	working	capital	limit	in	excess	of	five	crore	rupees	in	aggregate	from	banks/financial	
institutions on	the	basis	of	the	security	of	the	current	assets	of	the	company.	The	quarterly	returns/statements	filed	by	
the	company	with	such	banks/ financial	institutions are	in	agreement	with	the	books	of	accounts	of	the	company.
iii) a)   During the year, the company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, not provided guarantee or 
not provided security to any parties hence clause 3(iii)(a) is not applicable to the company 
b)   During the year, the investments made and the terms and conditions of the grant of all loans and advances in the nature 
of	loans	and	investments	to	companies,	firms,	Limited	Liability	Partnerships	or	any	other	parties	are	not	prejudicial	to	
the Company’s interest. 
c)   In respect of the loans outstanding to the wholly owned subsidiary as at the Balance Sheet date, loans amounting to Rs. 
14141.53 Lakhs are repayable on demand. During the year, the Company demanded interest on the aforesaid loans, 
in part, and the interest so demanded has been duly paid by the subsidiary. As informed to us, the Company has not 
demanded repayment of the principal amount of the loan during the year. Accordingly, there has been no default on the 
part of the party to whom the money has been lent. 
d)   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, there is no overdue amount for more than ninety days in respect of loans given.
e)   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, there is no loan or advance in the nature of loan granted falling due during the year, which has been renewed 
or extended or fresh loans granted to settle the over dues of existing loans given to same parties.
f)   According to the information and explanation provided to us, the Company has granted loans/advances in the nature 
of loans repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment. The details of the same are as 
follows:
All Parties Promoters Related Parties ( Subsidiary)
Aggregate amount of loans/ advances in
nature of loans – 
- Repayable on demand (A)
- Agreement does not specify any terms or period 
of repayment (B)
14141.53
     -
-
-
14141.53
    -
Total (A+B) 14141.53 14141.53
Percentage of loans/ advances in nature of loans 
to the total loans
100% 0% 100%

[page 135]
|| 132 ||
iv)     In our opinion, and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has complied with the 
provisions of Sections 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of the loans and investments made, and 
guarantees and security provided by it, as applicable.
v)     In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any 
deposits from the public within the meaning of Sections 73, 74, 75 and 76 of the Act and the rules framed there under.
vi)     According to the information and explanations given to us, the Central Government has not prescribed the maintenance 
of cost records under Section 148(1) of the Act for the products manufactured by it. Accordingly, clause 3(vi) of the Order 
is not applicable
vii) a)   The Company is regular in depositing with appropriate authorities undisputed statutory dues including goods and 
services tax, provident fund, employee’s state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of 
excise, value added tax, cess and other statutory dues applicable to it. According to the information and explanations 
given to us and based on audit procedures performed by us, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of these 
statutory dues were outstanding, at the year end, for a period of more than six months from the date they became 
payable
  b)   According to the information and explanation given to us, the statutory dues referred in foregoing paragraph vii)(a) which 
have not been deposited on account of any dispute, are as follows:
                                                                                                                                              ( Amt in Lakh)
Nature of 
Statute  Nature of Dues  Amount 
 Amt paid 
under 
Protest 
 Period to which 
the amount relates 
 Forum where 
dispute is pending 
Central Excise Tax        11.07      -   2016-17 CESTAT
Custom Tax          12.08        -   2019 Tribunal
Goods and 
Service tax
Tax, Interest, 
penalty 2,285.06            -   2017-18 High Court
Goods and 
Service tax Tax & penalty           7.71 0.49 2020-21 Commissioner Appeal
Central Excise Tax  58.52            -   2016-17 CESTAT
Goods and 
Service tax
Tax, Interest, 
penalty             8.25    0.43 2019-20 Tribunal Appeal
Goods and 
Service tax Penalty    6.81           6.81 2022-23 Commissioner Appeal
Goods and 
Service tax
Tax, Interest, 
penalty       96.73   4.61 2018-19 Commissioner Appeal
Goods and 
Service tax
Tax, Interest, 
penalty           5.07             1.78 2019-20 Commissioner Appeal
Goods and 
Service tax
Tax, Interest, 
penalty           36.13            1.82 2019-20 Commissioner Appeal
Goods and 
Service tax
Tax, Interest, 
penalty            2.40            0.14 2021-22 Commissioner Appeal
Goods and 
Service tax Interest 81.26             -   2022-23 Commissioner Appeal
                                                                                                                                            
viii)     According to the information and explanations given to us, there are no transactions which are not accounted in the 
books of account which have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in Tax Assessment of the 
Company. Also, there are no previously unrecorded income which has been now recorded in the books of account. 
Hence, the provision stated in paragraph 3(viii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company
ix) a)   In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not defaulted in 
repayment of loans or borrowings or in payment of interest thereon to any lender.
  b)   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our audit procedures, we report that the 
company	has	not	been	declared	wilful	defaulter	by	any	bank	or	financial	institution	or	government	or	any	government	
authority.
  c)   In our opinion and according to the information explanation provided to us, money raised by way of term loans during 
the year have been applied for the purpose for which they were raised.

[page 136]
|| 133 ||
  d)   According to the information and explanations given to us and the procedures performed by us, and on an overall 
examination	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	company,	we	report	that	no	funds	raised	on	short	term	basis	have	been	
used for long term purposes by the company.
  e)   According	to	the	information	and	explanation	given	to	us	and	on	an	overall	examination	of	the	standalone	financial	
statement of the company, we report that the Company has taken funds from following entities and persons on account 
of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures as per details below:  
Nature of 
fund taken
Name of 
Lender 
Amount 
involved
Name of 
subsidiaries
Relation Nature of such 
transactions for 
which fund utilized
Remarks, if 
any
Term Loan HDFC 
bank 
Limited
10000.00 
Lakh
AMW 
Autocomponents 
Ltd
Subsidiary Acquisition of AMW 
Autocomponent Ltd
Related to FY 
2023-24
  f)   According to the information and explanations given to us and procedures performed by us, we report that the Company 
has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate 
companies.
x) a)   The Company did not raise any money by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments) 
during the year. Accordingly, the provisions stated in paragraph 3 (x)(a) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
  b)   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible debentures 
(fully, partially or optionally convertible) during the year hence the clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable. 
xi) a)   During the course of our audit, examination of the books and records of the Company, carried out in accordance with the 
generally accepted auditing practices in India, and according to the information and explanations given to us, we have 
neither come across any instance of fraud by the Company nor on the Company.
  b)   We have not come across of any instance of fraud by the Company or on the Company during the course of audit of the 
standalone	financial	statement	for	the	year	ended	March	31,	2026,	accordingly	the	provisions	stated	in	paragraph	(xi)
(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company. 
  c)   As represented to us by the management, there are no whistle-blower complaints received by the Company during the 
year. Accordingly, the provisions stated in paragraph (xi)(c) of the Order is not applicable to company. 
xii)     In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. 
Accordingly, the provisions stated in paragraph 3(xii) (a) to (c) of the Order are not applicable to the Company. 
xiii)     The Company has entered into transactions with related parties in compliance with the provisions of section 177 and 
188	of	the	Act.	The	detail	of	such	related	party	transactions	have	been	disclosed	in	the	financial	statements	as	required	
under	Indian	accounting	standards	(Ind	AS)	24,	Related	Party	Disclosures	specified	under	Section	133	of	the	Act,	read	
with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rule, 2014.
xiv) a) In our opinion and based on our examination, the company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size 
and nature of its business.
  b)   We have considered the internal audit report of the company issued till date for the period under audit.
xv)     According to the information and explanations given to us, in our opinion during the year the Company has not entered 
into non-cash transactions with directors or persons connected with its directors and hence, provisions of section 192 
of the Act are not applicable to company. Accordingly, the provisions stated in paragraph 3(xv) of the Order are not 
applicable to the Company. 
xvi) a)   According to the information and explanations given to us, the provisions of section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India 
Act, 1934 are not applicable to the Company 
  b)   The Company is not engaged in any Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance activities. Accordingly, the requirement 
to report on clause 3 (xvi)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
  c)   The	Company	is	not	a	Core	Investment	Company	(CIC)	as	defined	in	the	regulations	made	by	the	Reserve	Bank	of	
India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
  d)   According to the information and explanations provided to us during the course of audit, the Group does not have any 
CIC. Accordingly, the requirements of clause 3(xvi)(d) are not applicable.
xvii)     Based on the overall review of standalone financial	statements,	the	Company	has	not	incurred	cash	losses	in	the	current	
financial	year	and	in	the	immediately	preceding	financial	year.	Hence,	the	provisions	stated	in	paragraph	clause	3	(xvii)	
of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
xviii)    There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year and accordingly, requirement to report on Clause 
3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

[page 137]
|| 134 ||
xix)     According	to	the	information	and	explanations	given	to	us	and	on	the	basis	of	the	financial	ratios,	ageing	and	expected	
dates	of	realisation	of	financial	assets	and	payment	of	financial	liabilities,	other	information	accompanying	the	financial	
statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examination of the 
evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material 
uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that the Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing 
at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, 
however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting 
is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all 
liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and 
when they fall due.
xx) a) There are no unspent amounts towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) on other than ongoing projects requiring 
a	transfer	to	a	Fund	specified	in	Schedule	VII	to	the	Companies	Act	in	compliance	with	second	proviso	to	sub-section	
(5) of Section 135 of the said Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable for the year.
b) There	are	no	unspent	amounts	towards	Corporate	Social	Responsibility	(CSR)	as	at	the	end	of	financial	year		on	ongoing	
projects requiring a transfer to a Special account in compliance with Section 135 (6) of the Act and the Company has 
transferred	unspent	Corporate	Social	Responsibility	(CSR)	amount	as	at	the	end	of	the	previous	financial	year,	to	a	
Special	account	within	a	period	of	30	days	from	the	end	of	the	said	financial	year	in	compliance	with	the	provision	of	
section 135(6) of the Act.
For AKR & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021179N
per  Kailash Kumar
Partner 
Membership No.:  505972
Place  : Chandigarh 
Date  : 29.05.2026                                                                                                                             

[page 138]
|| 135 ||
Annexure B to Independent Auditor’s Report Referred to in paragraph 7 of our Report of even date
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act 
1. We	have	audited	the	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	of	Steel	Strips	Wheels	Limited	(“the	Company”)	as	of	
March	31,	2026	in	conjunction	with	our	audit	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	Company	for	the	year	ended	on	that	date.
 Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
2. The	Company’s	management	is	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	internal	financial	controls	based	on	the	internal	
control	over	financial	reporting	criteria	established	by	the	Company	considering	the	essential	components	of	internal	control	
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial	controls	that	were	operating	effectively	for	ensuring	the	orderly	and	efficient	conduct	of	its	business,	including	adherence	
to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and 
completeness	of	the	accounting	records,	and	the	timely	preparation	of	reliable	financial	information,	as	required	under	the	act.
 Auditors’ Responsibility
3. Our	responsibility	is	to	express	an	opinion	on	the	company’s	internal	financial	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	our	
audit.	We	conducted	our	audit	in	accordance	with	the	Guidance	Note	on	audit	of	internal	financial	control	over	financial	reporting	
(the “Guidance Notes”) and the standards on auditing deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the act to the extent 
applicable	to	an	audit	of	internal	financial	controls,	both	applicable	to	an	audit	of	internal	financial	controls	and	both	issued	by	the	
ICAI. Those standards and the guidance notes require that we comply with ethical requirements and planned and performed the 
audit	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about	whether	adequate	internal	financial	control	over	financial	reporting	was	established	
and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
4. Our	audit	involves	performing	procedures	to	obtain	audit	evidence	about	the	adequacy	of	the	internal	financial	controls	system	
over	financial	reporting	and	their	operating	effectiveness.	Our	audit	of	internal	financial	controls	system	over	financial	reporting	
included	obtaining	an	understanding	of	internal	financial	controls	system	over	financial	reporting,	assessing	the	risks	that	
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of the internal control based on the 
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatements	of	the	financial	statements,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	error.
5. We	believe	that	the	audit	evidence	we	have	obtained	in	our	audits	is	sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide	a	basis	for	our	audit	
opinion	on	the	company’s	internal	financial	controls	system	over	financial	reporting.
 Meaning of Internal financial controls over financial reporting
6. A	company’s	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	
the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	
accepted	accounting	principles.	A	company’s	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	includes	those	policies	and	
procedures	that	(1.)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that,	in	reasonable	detail,	accurately	and	fairly	reflect	the	transactions	
and dispositions of the assets of the company (2.) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary 
to	permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	receipts	and	
expenditure of the company are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors of the company 
; and (3.) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition 
of	the	company’s	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
 Inherent Limitation of Internal financial controls over financial reporting
7. Because	of	the	Inherent	limitation	of	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting,	including	the	possibility	of	collusion	or	
improper management over-ride of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projection	of	any	evaluations	of	the	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	
the	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the	
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 Opinion
8. In	our	opinion,	the	company	has,	in	all	material	respects,	an	adequate	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	and	
such	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	were	operating	effectively	as	at	March	31st,	2026	based	on	the	internal	
financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	criteria	established	by	the	company	considering	the	essential	components	of	internal	
control	stated	in	the	guidance	note	on	audit	of	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	issued	by	the	Institute	of	
Chartered Accountants of India.
For AKR & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021179N
per  Kailash Kumar
Place  : Chandigarh                                                                                                                                                                    Partner 
Date  : 29.05.2026                                                                                                                                        Membership No.:  505972
                                                                                                                        

[page 139]
|| 136 ||
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
                                                      As On 31st March 2026
(All amounts ₹	in Lakhs, unless stated otherwise)
 
Particulars  Note no. 
 As at  
31st March 2026 
 Audited 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
 Audited 
ASSETS     
Non-current Assets      
a) Property, plant and equipment 3                      1,82,188.73            1,62,609.22 
b) Capital work-in-progress 4                         14,170.57                               27,105.38 
c) Other Intangible assets 5                               63.00                                      77.58 
d) Right to use Assets 5(a)                             323.07                                      89.80 
e) Financial assets      
i) Investments 6                          1,608.51                                 1,608.51 
ii) Loans 7                                    -                                             -   
iii) Other Financial assets 8                          1,853.50                                 1,374.56 
f) Other non-current assets 9                          4,381.77                                 2,898.79 
Total Non-Current Assets                        2,04,589.15 1,95,763.84 
       
Current Assets      
a) Inventories 10                         95,252.71                               74,313.34 
b) Financial assets      
i) Trade receivables 11                         60,895.74                               48,637.38 
ii) Cash and Cash equivalents 12                             151.25                                      41.37 
iii) Bank balances other than above 13                             500.89                                    265.26 
iv) Loans 14                         14,471.32                               14,277.10 
					v)	Other	financial	asset 15                                 6.39                                           -   
c) Current tax assets (net) 16                                    -                                      346.31 
d) Other current assets 17                          5,808.87                                 2,897.88 
Total Current Assets                        1,77,087.17          1,40,778.64 
Total Assets                        3,81,676.32                3,36,542.48 
       
       
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES      
a) Equity Share capital 18                          1,571.80                                 1,569.29 
b) Other equity 19                      1,71,906.87           1,52,809.11 
Total Equity                        1,73,478.67                1,54,378.40 
       
Non-current Liabilities      
a) Financial liabilities      
i) Borrowings 20                         27,593.18                               27,862.15 
	ii)	Others	financial	liabilities 21                          1,706.59                                 2,038.74 
 iii) Lease Liability 21(a)                             241.85                                           -   
b) Provisions 22                          1,202.58                                    616.61 
c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 23                         15,197.33                               15,266.07 
Total Non-Current Liabilities                           45,941.53                               45,783.57 
       
Current Liabilities      
a) Financial liabilities      
i) Borrowings 24                         54,996.94                               54,881.22 
ii) Lease Liability 24(a)                                 4.96                                      20.20 
iii) Trade and other payables      
 -  Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 25                          5,078.92                                 3,586.68 
  - Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises                           95,098.31                               71,620.85 
iv)	other	financial	liabilities	 26                             123.72                                      47.36 
b) Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 27                          1,122.37                                           -   
c) Provisions 28                             143.46                                    618.74 
d) Other current liabilities 29                          5,687.44                                 5,605.46 
Total Current Liabilities                        1,62,256.12 1,36,380.51 
Total Equity and Liabilities                        3,81,676.32               3,36,542.48 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements   (1-54)
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board
 
For  AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Sanjay Garg Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Ajit Singh Chatha
Virander Kumar Arya Mohan Joshi
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Deputy Managing Director
Sukhvinder Khanna
per Kailash Kumar Deva Bharathi Reddy Manohar lal Jain
Partner Directors Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _

[page 140]
|| 137 ||
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS 
                                                  For Year Ended 31st March, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
S.No. Particulars Notes  Year Ended  
31st March 2026 
 Year Ended                                
31st March 2025 
I Revenue from operations 30                  5,18,280.25                4,42,899.83 
II Other Income 31                      1,187.06                     1,343.91 
  Total income(I+II)                    5,19,467.31                4,44,243.74 
       
III Expenses      
a Cost of materials consumed 32                  3,46,317.75                2,87,808.68 
b Change	in	inventories	of	finished	goods,	stock	in	trade	and	
work -in-progress 33                     (6,463.02)                   (1,989.29)
c Employee	benefit	expense 34                     42,979.86                   37,980.03 
d Finance costs 35                     12,321.67                   11,723.11 
e Depreciation and amortisation expense 36                     12,878.92                   10,100.88 
f Other expenses 37                     84,337.12                   70,418.96 
  Total Expenses III(a to f)                   4,92,372.30                4,16,042.37 
       
IV Profit/(loss)	before	exceptional	items	and	tax	(I+II-III)                       27,095.01                   28,201.37 
V Exceptional items 38                                -                                -   
VI Profit/(loss)	before	tax	after	exceptional	items(IV-V)                       27,095.01                   28,201.37 
VII Tax expense: (refer note 51)      
  (1) Current tax                        6,516.00                     6,602.85 
  (2) Deferred tax                           362.27                        606.20 
  Prior years tax Adjustments                               8.01                          (2.69) 
VIII Profit/(loss)	for	the	period	after	Tax	(VI-VII)                      20,208.73                   20,995.01 
IX Other Comprehensive Income/ (Loss)                             75.73                        (77.70)
A (i)	Items	that	will	not	be	reclassified	to	profit	or	loss      
  -Re-measurement	gains	(losses)	on	defined	benefit	plans	                           101.20                      (103.84)
  -Income tax relating to above items                            (25.47)                        26.14 
       
X
Total Comprehensive Income for the period (VIII+IX)
(Comprising	Profit/(Loss)	and	Other	Comprehensive	Income	
for the period)
                     20,284.46                   20,917.31 
XI Paid-up equity share capital (Face value of Rs.1 per share)                        1,571.80                     1,569.29 
XII Earnings per equity share in Rs. (refer note 39)      
  (1)	Basic	(in	₹)                             12.86                         13.38 
  (2)	Diluted	(in	₹)                             12.82                         13.32 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements   (1-54)
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board
 
For  AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Sanjay Garg Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Ajit Singh Chatha
Virander Kumar Arya Mohan Joshi
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Deputy Managing Director
Sukhvinder Khanna
per Kailash Kumar Deva Bharathi Reddy Manohar lal Jain
Partner Directors Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 141]
|| 138 ||
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _
STANDALONE CASH FLOW STATEMENT  
                                                       For the Period Ended 31st March 2026
(All amounts ₹	in Lakhs, unless stated otherwise)  
S. 
No. Particulars
 Audited 
  Year Ended  
31st March 2026
 Audited 
 Year Ended 
31st March 2025
A. Cash Flow from Operating activities        
  Profit	before	tax              27,095.01                      28,201.37 
  Depreciation          12,878.92             10,100.88  
  Other Comprehensive Income                  75.73                   (77.70)  
  Loss/(Profit)	on	Sale	of	assets              (149.22)                    13.82  
  Expense on employee Stock Option Scheme                730.31                  462.86  
  Interest (Received)              (985.88)             (1,250.12)  
  Financial charges paid          12,321.67            24,871.53           11,723.11                    20,972.85 
  Operating profit before working capital changes              51,966.54                      49,174.22 
  Adjustment for        
   - (Increase)/ decrease in inventory         (20,939.37)             (4,618.14)  
   - (Increase)/ decrease in trade and other receivables         (12,264.75)             (4,664.36)  
  	-	Current	Financial	Liabilities	and	financial	Assets           (3,227.93)                  124.93  
  	-	Non	Current	Financial	Liabilities	and	financial	Assets           (1,902.32)               3,471.61  
   - Changes in Tax Provision           (1,286.34)                 (444.69)  
   - Increase/ (decrease) in trade payables          24,969.70           (14,651.01)           15,216.72                       9,086.07 
  Cash inflow from Operations              37,315.53                      58,260.29 
  Taxes paid(Net of Refunds)                 4,200.00                         6,500.00 
  Net cash from / (used) in operating activities              33,115.53                      51,760.29 
           
B Cash Flow from Investing Activities        
  Purchase	of	fixed	assets         (20,820.97)           (21,225.88)  
  Sale	of	fixed	assets            1,326.57               1,504.50  
  Purchase of investments in Subsidiaries and Associates                         -                   (693.10)  
  Profit	on	sale	of	investments	/	Assets                149.22                   (13.82)  
  Interest Received/(Paid)                985.88               1,250.12  
  Net cash from / (used) in investing activities            (18,359.30)                    ( 1 9 , 1 7 8 . 1 8 )
           
C Cash Flow from Financing Activities        
  Proceeds from issue of equity shares incl premium                  50.22                           -    
  Proceeds from long term borrowings          13,175.00                           -    
  Repayment	of	long	term	borrowings	(net	of	fluctuation)         (12,063.96)           (11,582.77)  
  Changes in working capital loans/short term 
borrowings           (1,264.24)           (10,467.01)  
  Payment of interest portion of lease liabilities                   (8.22)                     (4.53)  
  Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities                (21.31)                   (25.11)  
  Dividend paid           (1,964.76)             (1,569.29)  
  Financial charges paid         (12,313.45)           (11,718.58)  
  Net cash from / (used) in financing activities            (14,410.72)                    ( 3 5 , 3 6 7 . 2 9 )
  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents                    345.51                      (2,785.18)
  Cash and cash equivalents as at beginning of the 
year                    306.63                        3,091.81 
  Cash and cash equivalents as at end of the year                    652.14                            306.63 
Notes
1) The	above	Cash	flow	statement	has	been	prepared	under	the	“Indirect	Method”	as	set	out	in	Indian	Accounting	Standard-
7,”Statement of Cash Flows.
Components of cash and cash equivalents
Balances With banks  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
In Current account                  262.72                            81.26 
In Deposit Accounts                  377.17                          217.90 
Cheque in hand                           -                                     -   
Cash in hand                    12.25                              7.47 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements   (1-54)
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board
For  AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Sanjay Garg Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Ajit Singh Chatha
Virander Kumar Arya Mohan Joshi
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Deputy Managing Director
Sukhvinder Khanna
per Kailash Kumar Deva Bharathi Reddy Manohar lal Jain
Partner Directors Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer

[page 142]
|| 139 ||
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
                                                 For the Period Ended 31st March 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
 (₹ In lacs) 
A. Equity Share Capital
As at 31st March, 2024                 1,569.29 
Changes in equity share capital during the year                          -   
As at 31st March, 2025                 1,569.29 
Changes in equity share capital during the year                       2.51 
As at 31st March, 2026                 1,571.80 
B. Other Equity
PARTICULARS
Reserve and surplus
Share 
Forfeiture 
Reserve
Securities 
premium 
reserve
Capital 
Reserve
General 
Reserve
Share Option 
Outstanding 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings Total
(a) Balance as at  31st 
March,2024 2,237.85 14,594.66 5,358.59 93,219.74                  289.26 17,298.10 1,32,998.20 
(i) Profit	for	the	year                          -                            -                      -                      -                           -   20,995.04 20,995.04 
(ii)
Other comprehensive 
income for the year, net of 
income tax
                         -                            -                      -                      -                           -       (77.70)      (77.70)
(b) Total comprehensive 
income for the year                          -                            -                      -                      -                           -   20,917.34 20,917.34 
(iii) Deductions during the year                          -                            -                      -                      -                           -                       -                       -   
(iv) Dividends including tax 
thereon                          -                            -                      -                      -                           -   (1,569.29) (1,569.29)
(v) Transfer to General 
Reserve/Other Reserve                          -                      -   21,989.50                         -   (21,989.50)                     -   
(vi) Shares issued/options 
exercised                          -                            -                      -                      -                    462.86                     -      462.86 
(c) Balance as at  31st 
March,2025 2,237.85 14,594.66 5,358.59 1,15,209.24                   752.12 14,656.65 1,52,809.11 
(vii) Profit	for	the	year                          -                            -                      -                      -                           -   20,208.77 20,208.77 
(viii)
Other comprehensive 
income for the year, net of 
income tax
                         -                            -                      -                      -                           -                  75.73                75.73 
(d) Total comprehensive 
income for the year                          -                            -                      -                      -                           -   20,284.50 20,284.50 
(ix) Deductions during the year                          -                            -                      -                      -                           -                       -                       -   
(x) Dividends including tax 
thereon                          -                            -                      -                      -                           -   (1,964.76) (1,964.76)
(xi) Transfer to General 
Reserve/Other Reserve                          -                            -                      -   20,995.04                 (495.91) (20,995.04)        (495.91)
(xii) Shares issued/options 
exercised                          -   543.62                    -                      -                    730.31                     -             1,273.93 
(e) Balance as at  31st 
March,2026 2,237.85 15,138.28 5,358.59 1,36,204.28                  986.52 11,981.35 1,71,906.87 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements   (1-54)
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board
 
For  AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Sanjay Garg Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Ajit Singh Chatha
Virander Kumar Arya Mohan Joshi
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Deputy Managing Director
Sukhvinder Khanna
per Kailash Kumar Deva Bharathi Reddy Manohar lal Jain
Partner Directors Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 143]
|| 140 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
 Steel Strips Wheels Limited (the Company) is a public limited Company incorporated on 28th February 1985 under the Companies 
Act, 1956. Its Shares are listed on both Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange. The Company is a leading 
manufacturer of Automotive Wheel Rims and other auto components. 
	 These	financial	statements	were	approved	for	issue	in	accordance	with	a	resolution	of	the	board	of	directors	on	29 th May 2026.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
	 This	 note	provides	a	list	of	the	significant	accounting	policies	adopted	in	the	preparation	of	these	Indian	Accounting	Standards	
(Ind-AS)	financial	statements.	These	policies	have	been	consistently	applied	to	all	the	years	except	where	newly	issued	
accounting standard is initially adopted.
2.01) BASIS OF PREPARATION
	 The	 standalone	financial	statements	of	the	Company	have	been	prepared	in	accordance	with	Indian	Accounting	Standards	
(Ind	AS)	notified	under	the	Companies	(Indian	Accounting	Standards)	Rules,	2015	(as	amended	from	time	to	time)	and	
presentation requirements of Division II of schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 (Ind AS compliant schedule III) as applicable 
to	these	standalone	financial	statements.
	 The	 Company	has	prepared	the	standalone	financial	statements	on	the	basis	that	it	will	continue	to	operate	as	going	concern.	
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
	 The	 standalone	financial	statements	have	been	prepared	on	a	historical	cost	basis,	except	for	the	following	assets	and	
liabilities 
(i) Certain	financial	assets	and	liabilities	that	is	measured	at	fair	value.
(ii) Assets held for sale-measured at fair value less cost to sell 
(iii) Defined	benefit	plans-plan	assets	measured	at	fair	value	
(iv) Share based payments.
2.02) Current versus non-current classification 
	 The	 Company	presents	assets	and	liabilities	in	the	balance	sheet	based	on	current/non-	current	classification.	An	asset	is	
treated as current when it is:
-  Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle - Held primarily for purpose of 
trading 
-  Expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting period, or 
-  cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after 
the reporting period.
	 All	other	assets	are	classified	as	non-current.	
 A liability is current when:
-  It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle
-  It is held primarily for purpose of trading 
-  It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period, or 
-  There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.
	 All	other	liabilities	are	classified	as	non-current.	
 The term of the liability that could, at the option of counterparty, result in its settlement by the issue of equity instruments do 
not	affect	its	classification.	
	 Deferred	tax	assets	and	deferred	tax	liabilities	are	classified 	as	non-	current	assets	and	liabilities.
 The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash and cash 
equivalents.	The	Company	has	identified	twelve	months	as	its	operating	cycle.
2.03) Revenue from contract with customers
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer at 
an	amount	that	reflects	the	consideration	to	which	the	Company	expects	to	be	entitled	in	exchange	for	those	goods	or	services.
 A receivable is recognized when the control of the product is transferred as the consideration is unconditional and payment 
becomes due upon passage of time as per the terms of contract with customers. The Company collects GST on behalf of the 
government	and,	therefore,	it	is	not	an	economic	benefit	flowing	to	the	Company.	Hence,	it	is	excluded	from	revenue

[page 144]
|| 141 ||
 Revenue from sales of products.
 Revenue from sale of products is recognized at the point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, 
generally	on	delivery	of	the	goods	and	there	are	no	unfulfilled	obligations.
  The Company considers, whether there are other promises in the contract in which there are separate performance obligations, 
to which a portion of the transaction price needs to be allocated. In determining the transaction price for the sale of equipment, 
the	Company	considers	the	effects	of	variable	consideration,	the	existence	of	significant	financing	components,	noncash	
consideration, and consideration payable to the customer, if any.
 Variable consideration 
 If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the Company estimates the amount of consideration to which 
it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract 
inception	and	constrained	until	it	is	highly	probable	that	a	significant	revenue	reversal	in	the	amount	of	cumulative	revenue	
recognized will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Some 
contracts	for	the	sale	of	product	provide	customers	with	a	right	of	return	the	goods	within	a	specified	period.	The	Company	
also provides retrospective volume rebates to certain customers once the quantity of product purchased during the period 
exceeds	the	threshold	specified	in	the	contract.	The	rights	of	return	and	volume	rebates	give	rise	to	variable	consideration.	The	
Company uses the expected value method to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best predicts 
the amount of variable consideration to which the Company will be entitled. The requirements in Ind AS 115 on constraining 
estimates of variable consideration are also applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be 
included in the transaction price. For goods that are expected to be returned, instead of revenue, the Company recognizes a 
refund liability. A right of return asset (and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognized for the right to recover 
products from a customer.
 Warranty obligations 
 The Company generally provides for warranties for general repair of defects that existed at the time of sale. These warranties 
are assurance-type warranties under Ind AS 115, which are accounted for under Ind AS 37 (Provisions, Contingent Liabilities 
and Contingent Assets).
 Significant Financing Components
 In respect of short-term advances from its customers, using the practical expedient in Ind AS 115, the Company is not required 
to	adjust	the	promised	amount	of	consideration	for	the	effects	of	a	significant	financing	component	because	it	expects,	at	
contract inception, that the period between the transfer of the promised good or service to the customer and when the 
customer pays for that good or service will be within normal operating cycle.
 Sale of service 
 The Company recognizes revenue from sales of services over period of time, because the customer simultaneously receives 
and	consumes	the	benefits	provided	by	the	Company.	Revenue	from	services	related	activities	is	recognized	as	and	when	
services are rendered and on the basis of contractual terms with the parties.     
 Contract assets 
 Contract assets is right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer and performance 
obligation	satisfied.	If	the	Company	performs	by	transferring	goods	or	services	to	a	customer	before	the	customer	pays	
consideration or before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional. 
Upon completion of the attached condition and acceptance by the customer, the amounts recognized as contract assets is 
reclassified	to	trade	receivables	upon	invoicing.	A	receivable	represents	the	Company’s	right	to	an	amount	of	consideration	
that is unconditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment. Refer to accounting policies on impairment of 
financial	assets	in	section	(Financial	instruments	–	initial	recognition	and	subsequent	measurement).	
 Contract liabilities 
 A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Company has received consideration 
(or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer or has raised the invoice in advance. If a customer pays consideration 
before the Company transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is made 
or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Company performs under 
the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer). 
 Trade receivables 
 A trade receivable is recognised if an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of time is required 
before	payment	of	the	consideration	is	due).	Refer	to	accounting	policies	of	financial	assets	in	section	(Financial	instruments).	 	 	 	 	
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 145]
|| 142 ||
2.04) Other Operating Revenues 
 Export incentives 
	 Revenue	 from	export	benefits	arising	from	duty	drawback	scheme,	rodtep	scheme,	remission	of	duties	and	taxes	on	exported	
product scheme are recognised on export of goods in accordance with their respective underlying scheme at fair value of 
consideration received or receivable.
2.05) LEASES
 The Company assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the 
right	to	control	the	use	of	an	identified	asset	for	a	period	of	time	in	exchange	for	consideration.	
 Company as a lessee 
 The Company applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases 
of low-value assets. The Company recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing 
the right to use the underlying assets. For these short-term and low value leases, the Company recognises the lease payments 
as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
i) Right-of-use assets 
 The Company recognizes right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset 
is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment 
losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount 
of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement 
date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter 
of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets. If ownership of the leased asset transfers 
to	the	Company	at	the	end	of	the	lease	term	or	the	cost	reflects	the	exercise	of	a	purchase	option,	depreciation	is	
calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset. The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment. Refer to 
the	accounting	policies	in	section	‘Impairment	of	non-financial	assets’.	
ii) Lease Liabilities  
 At the commencement date of the lease, the Company recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of 
lease	payments	to	be	made	over	the	lease	term.	The	lease	payments	include	fixed	payments	(including	in	substance	
fixed	payments)	less	any	lease	incentives	receivable,	variable	lease	payments	that	depend	on	an	index	or	a	rate,	and	
amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a 
purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, 
if	the	lease	term	reflects	the	Company	exercising	the	option	to	terminate.	Variable	lease	payments	that	do	not	depend	on	
an index or a rate are recognized as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which 
the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs. 
 In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease 
commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement 
date,	the	amount	of	lease	liabilities	is	increased	to	reflect	the	accretion	of	interest	and	reduced	for	the	lease	payments	
made.	In	addition,	the	carrying	amount	of	lease	liabilities	is	re-measured	if	there	is	a	modification,	a	change	in	the	lease	
term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used 
to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset. 
	 Lease	 payments	are	allocated	between	principal	and	finance	cost.	The	finance	cost	is	charged	to	profit	or	loss	over	the	
lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. 
The	Companies’	lease	liabilities	are	included	in	other	current	and	non-current	financial	liabilities.	
	 Variable	 lease	payments	that	depend	on	sales	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in	which	the	condition	that	
triggers those payments occurs.
iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets 
 The Company applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have 
a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies 
the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on 
short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
2.06) ACCOUNTING FOR TAXES ON INCOME
 Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current income-tax is measured at the amount expected to be paid to the 
tax authorities in accordance with the Income-tax Act, 1961 enacted in India and tax laws prevailing in the respective tax 
jurisdictions where the company operates. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted 
or substantively enacted, at the reporting date.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 146]
|| 143 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
	 Deferred	 income	taxes	reflect	the	impact	of	timing	differences	between	taxable	income	and	accounting	income	originating	
during the current year and reversal of timing differences for the earlier years. Deferred tax is measured using the tax rates 
and the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
 Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable timing differences. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible 
timing	differences	only	to	the	extent	that	there	is	reasonable	certainty	that	sufficient	future	taxable	income	will	be	available	
against which such deferred tax assets can be realized. In situations where the company has unabsorbed depreciation or carry 
forward tax losses, all deferred tax assets are recognized only if there is virtual certainty supported by convincing evidence that 
they	can	be	realized	against	future	taxable	profits.
 At each reporting date, the Company re-assesses unrecognized deferred tax assets. It recognizes unrecognized deferred tax 
asset	to	the	extent	that	it	has	become	reasonably	certain	or	virtually	certain,	as	the	case	may	be,	that	sufficient	future	taxable	
income will be available against which such deferred tax assets can be realized. 
 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date. The Company writes-down the carrying 
amount of deferred tax asset to the extent that it is no longer reasonably certain or virtually certain, as the case may be, that 
sufficient	future	taxable	income	will	be	available	against	which	deferred	tax	asset	can	be	realized.	Any	such	write-down	is	
reversed	to	the	extent	that	it	becomes	reasonably	certain	or	virtually	certain,	as	the	case	may	be,	that	sufficient	future	taxable	
income will be available.
 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set-off current tax assets against 
current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation 
authority.
 MAT credit is recognized as an asset only when and to the extent there is convincing evidence that the company will pay 
normal	income	tax	during	the	specified	period.		In	the	year	in	which	the	Minimum Alternative tax (MAT)  credit becomes 
eligible to be recognized as an asset in accordance with the recommendations contained in guidance Note issued by the 
Institute	of	Chartered	Accountants	of	India,	the	said	asset	is	created	by	way	of	a	credit	to	the	profit	and	loss	account	and	shown	
as MAT Credit Entitlement. The Company reviews the same at each balance sheet date and writes down the carrying amount 
of MAT Credit Entitlement to the extent there is no longer convincing evidence to the effect that Company will pay normal 
Income	Tax	during	the	specified	period.
2.07) IMPAIRMENT OF NON FINANCIAL ASSETS
A. At each Balance Sheet date, the carrying amount of assets is tested based on internal/external factors, for impairment 
so as to determine:
(i)  The provision for impairment loss, if any; and
(ii)  The reversal of impairment loss recognized in previous periods, if any,
B. Impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. Recoverable 
amount is determined:
(i)  In the case of an individual asset, higher of the net selling price and the value in use.
(ii)		 In	the	case	of	a	cash	generating	unit	(a	group	of	assets	that	generates	identified,	independent	cash	flows),	at	the	
higher of the cash generating unit’s net selling price and the value in use.
	 (Value	 in	use	is	determined	as	the	present	value	of	estimated	future	cash	flows	discounted	to	their	present	value	at	the	
weighted average cost of Capital, from the continuing use of an asset and from its disposal at the end of its useful life).
 Post impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised carrying value of the asset over its remaining useful life. 
2.08) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
	 Cash	 and	cash	equivalents	balances	include	cash	in	hand,	fixed	deposits,	margin	money	deposits,	earmarked	balances	with	
banks, other bank balances such as dividend accounts, which have restrictions on repatriation, highly liquid investments with 
original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an 
insignificant	risk	of	change	in	value.
	 For	 the	purpose	of	presentation	in	the	statement	of	cash	flows,	cash	and	cash	equivalents	includes	cash	on	hand,	deposit	held	
at	call	with	financial	institutions,	other	short	-	term,	highly	liquid	investments	with	original	maturities	of	three	months	or	less	that	
are	readily	convertible	to	known	amounts	of	cash	and	which	are	subject	to	an	insignificant	risk	of	changes	in	value,	and	bank	
overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet
2.09) INVENTORIES
a)  Basis of valuation: 
I)  Inventories other than scrap materials are valued at lower of cost or net realisable value after providing cost of 
obsolescence, if any. The comparison of cost and net realisable value is made on an item-by-item basis. 

[page 147]
|| 144 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
 b)       Method of Valuation:
i) Cost of raw materials has been determined by using moving weighted average cost method and comprises all 
costs of purchase, duties, taxes (other than those subsequently recoverable from tax authorities) and all other 
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. 
ii) 	Cost	of	finished	goods	and	work-in-progress	includes	direct	labour	and	an	appropriate	share	of	fixed	and	variable	
production overheads. Fixed production overheads are allocated on the basis of normal capacity of production 
facilities. Cost is determined on moving weighted average basis
iii)  Cost of traded goods has been determined by using moving weighted average cost method and comprises all 
costs of purchase, duties, taxes (other than those subsequently recoverable from tax authorities) and all other 
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. 
iv) Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of 
completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale. The net realisable value of work-in-progress is 
determined	with	reference	to	the	selling	prices	of	related	finished	products.	Raw	materials	and	other	supplies	held	
for	use	in	the	production	of	finished	products	are	not	written	down	below	cost	except	in	cases	where	material	prices	
have	declined	and	it	is	estimated	that	the	cost	of	the	finished	products	will	exceed	their	net	realisable	value.	
v)  Appropriate adjustments are made to the carrying value of damaged, slow moving and obsolete inventories based 
on management’s current best estimate.
2.10) FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT
	 A 	financial	instrument	is	any	contract	that	gives	rise	to	a	financial	asset	of	one	entity	and	a	financial	liability	or	equity	instrument	
of another entity.
i)  Financial Assets 
	 The	Company	classifies	its 	financial	assets	in	the	following	measurement	categories:
-		 those	 to	be	measured	subsequently	at	fair	value	(either	through	other	comprehensive	income,	or	through	profit	or	
loss) 
-  those measured at amortised cost 
	 The	 classification	of	financial	assets	at	initial	recognition	depends	on	the	financial	asset’s	contractual	cash	flow	characteristics	
and the Company’s business model for managing them. 
	 For	 assets	measured	at	fair	value,	gains	and	losses	will	either	be	recorded	in	profit	or	loss	or	other	comprehensive	income.	For	
investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the group has made an irrevocable 
election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI.
 Initial recognition and measurement 
	 Financial	 assets	are	classified,	at	initial	recognition,	as	subsequently	measured	at	amortised	cost,	fair	value	through	other	
comprehensive	income	(OCI),	and	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss.	
	 The	 classification	of	financial	assets	at	initial	recognition	depends	on	the	financial	asset’s	contractual	cash	flow	characteristics	
and	the	Company’s	business	model	for	managing	them.	With	the	exception	of	trade	receivables	that	do	not	contain	a	significant	
financing	component,	the	Company	initially	measures	a	financial	asset	at	its	fair	value	plus,	in	the	case	of	a	financial	asset	not	
at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss,	transaction	costs.	Trade	receivables	that	do	not	contain	a	significant	financing	component	
are measured at the transaction price determined under Ind AS 115. Refer to the accounting policies in section “Revenue from 
contracts with customers”. 
	 In	 order	for	a	financial	asset	to	be	classified	and	measured	at	amortised	cost	or	fair	value	through	OCI,	it	needs	to	give	rise	to	
cash	flows	that	are	‘solely	payments	of	principal	and	interest	(SPPI)’	on	the	principal	amount	outstanding.	This	assessment	
is	referred	to	as	the	SPPI	test	and	is	performed	at	an	instrument	level.	Financial	assets	with	cash	flows	that	are	not	SPPI	are	
classified	and	measured	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss,	irrespective	of	the	business	model.	
	 The	 Company’s	business	model	for	managing	financial	assets	refers	to	how	it	manages	its	financial	assets	in	order	to	generate	
cash	flows.	The	business	model	determines	whether	cash	flows	will	result	from	collecting	contractual	cash	flows,	selling	the	
financial	assets,	or	both.
	 Financial	 assets	classified	and	measured	at	amortised	cost	are	held	within	a	business	model	with	the	objective	to	hold	financial	
assets	in	order	to	collect	contractual	cash	flows	while	financial	assets	classified	and	measured	at	fair	value	through	OCI	are	
held	within	a	business	model	with	the	objective	of	both	holding	to	collect	contractual	cash	flows	and	selling.	
 Subsequent measurement 
	 For	purposes	of	subsequent	measurement	financial	assets 	are	classified	in	following	categories:

[page 148]
|| 145 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
-  Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments) 
-  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) with recycling of cumulative gains and 
losses (debt instruments)
 -  Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI with no recycling of cumulative gains and losses upon derecognition 
(equity instruments)
	-		 Financial	assets	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	
 Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
	 	A	‘financial	asset’	is	measured	at	the	amortised	cost	if	both	the	following	conditions	are	met:	
a) Business	Model	Test:	The	objective	is	to	hold	the	financial	asset	to	collect	the	contractual	cash	flows	(rather	than	to	sell	
the instrument prior to its contractual maturity to realise its fair value changes) and
b) Cash	flow	characteristics	test:	The	contractual	terms	of	the	financial	asset	give	rise	on	specific	dates	to	cash	flows	that	
are solely payments of principal and interest on principal amount outstanding. 
	 This	 category	is	most	relevant	to	the	Company.	After	initial	measurement,	such	financial	assets	are	subsequently	measured	at	
amortised cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount 
or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of EIR. EIR is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated 
future	cash	receipts	over	the	expected	life	of	the	financial	instrument	or	a	shorter	period,	where	appropriate,	to	the	gross	
carrying	amount	of	the	financial	asset.	When	calculating	the	effective	interest	rate,	the	Company	estimates	the	expected	cash	
flows	by	considering	all	the	contractual	terms	of	the	financial	instrument	but	does	not	consider	the	expected	credit	losses.	The	
EIR	amortisation	is	included	in	other	income	in	profit	or	loss.	The	losses	arising	from	impairment	are	recognised	in	the	profit	
or loss. This category generally applies to trade and other receivables. 
 Financial assets at fair value through OCI (FVTOCI) (debt instruments) 
	 A 	‘financial	asset’	is	classified	as	at	the	FVTOCI	if	both	of	the	following	criteria	are	met:	
a) Business Model Test: The	objective	of	financial	instrument	is	achieved	by	both	collecting	contractual	cash	flows	and	
selling	the	financial	assets;	and	
b) Cash flow characteristics test:	The	contractual	terms	of	the	Debt	instrument	give	rise	on	specific	dates	to	cash	flows	
that are solely payments of principal and interest on principal amount outstanding. 
 Debt instrument included within the FVTOCI category are measured initially as well as at each reporting date at fair value. 
Fair value movements are recognised in the other comprehensive income (OCI), except for the recognition of interest income, 
impairment	gains	or	losses	and	foreign	exchange	gains	or	losses	which	are	recognised	in	statement	of	profit	and	loss	and	
computed	in	the	same	manner	as	for	financial	assets	measured	at	amortised	cost.	The	remaining	fair	value	changes	are	
recognised	in	OCI.	Upon	derecognition,	the	cumulative	fair	value	changes	recognised	in	OCI	is	reclassified	from	the	equity	to	
profit	or	loss.	
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
	 	Financial	assets	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	are	carried	in	the	balance	sheet	at	fair	value	with	net	changes	in	fair	value	
recognised	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss.	This	category	includes	derivative	instruments	and	listed	equity	investments	
which the Company had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through OCI. Dividends on listed equity investments 
are	recognised	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss	when	the	right	of	payment	has	been	established.
 Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI (equity instruments) 
 Upon initial recognition, the Company can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity instruments designated 
at	fair	value	through	OCI	when	they	meet	the	definition	of	equity	under	Ind	AS	32	Financial	Instruments:	Presentation	and	are	
not	held	for	trading.	The	classification	is	determined	on	an	instrument-by-instrument	basis.	Equity	instruments	which	are	held	
for trading and contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which Ind AS103 applies are 
classified	as	at	FVTPL.	
	 Gains	 and	losses	on	these	financial	assets	are	never	recycled	to	profit	or	loss.	Dividends	are	recognised	as	other	income	in	
the	statement	of	profit	and	loss	when	the	right	of	payment	has	been	established,	except	when	the	Company	benefits	from	
such	proceeds	as	a	recovery	of	part	of	the	cost	of	the	financial	asset,	in	which	case,	such	gains	are	recorded	in	OCI.	Equity	
instruments designated at fair value through OCI are not subject to impairment assessment.
 Derecognition
		 A 	financial	asset	(or,	where	applicable,	a	part	of	a	financial	asset	or	part	of	a	Company	of	similar	financial	assets)	is	primarily	
derecognised	(i.e.	removed	from	the	Company’s	statement	of	financial	position)	when:	
-		 The	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	the	asset	have	expired,	or	

[page 149]
|| 146 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
-		 the	 Company	has	transferred	its	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	the	asset	or	has	assumed	an	obligation	to	pay	the	
received	cash	flows	in	full	without	material	delay	to	a	third	party	under	a	“pass	through”	arrangement	and	either;	
(a)  the Company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or
 (b) the Company has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has 
transferred control of the asset. 
	 When	 the	Company	has	transferred	its	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	an	asset	or	has	entered	into	a	pass-through	
arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither 
transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Company 
continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Company’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Company 
also	recognises	an	associated	liability.	The	transferred	asset	and	the	associated	liability	are	measured	on	a	basis	that	reflects	
the rights and obligations that the Company has retained. 
 Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original 
carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Company could be required to repay. 
 Impairment of financial assets 
 In accordance with IND AS 109, the Company applies expected credit losses(ECL) model for measurement and recognition 
of	impairment	loss	on	the	following	financial	asset	and	credit	risk	exposure	-	Financial	assets	measured	at	amortised	cost;	
-  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income(FVTOCI);
	-		 Trade	 receivables	or	any	contractual	right	to	receive	cash	or	another	financial	asset	that	result	from	transactions	that	are	
within the scope of Ind AS 115 
-  Loan commitments which are not measured as at FVTPL 
-  Financial guarantee contracts which are not measured as at FVTPL
 ECLs	are	based	on	the	difference	between	the	contractual	cash	flows	due	in	accordance	with	the	contract	and	all	the	cash	flows	
that the Company expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash 
flows	will	include	cash	flows	from	the	sale	of	collateral	held	or	other	credit	enhancements	that	are	integral	to	the	contractual	terms. 
	 ECLs	 are	recognised	in	two	stages.	For	recognition	of	impairment	loss	on	financial	assets	other	than	mentioned	below	and	
risk	exposure,	the	Company	determines	that	whether	there	has	been	a	significant	increase	in	the	credit	risk	since	initial	
recognition.	If	credit	risk	has	not	increased	significantly,	12-month	ECL	is	used	to	provide	for	impairment	loss.	For	those	credit	
exposures	for	which	there	has	been	a	significant	increase	in	credit	risk	since	initial	recognition,	a	loss	allowance	is	required	for	
credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL). 
	 If,	 in	a	subsequent	period,	credit	quality	of	the	instrument	improves	such	that	there	is	no	longer	a	significant	increase	in	credit	
risk since initial recognition, then the entity reverts to recognising impairment loss allowance based on 12-month ECL 
	 The	Company	follows	“simplified	approach”	for	recognition	 of	impairment	loss	allowance	on:	
-  Trade receivables or contract revenue receivables; 
-  All lease receivables resulting from the transactions within the scope of Ind AS 116 -Leases 
	 Under	 the	simplified	approach,	the	Company	does	not	track	changes	in	credit	risk.	Rather,	it	recognized	impairment	loss	
allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition. The Company uses a provision matrix 
to determine impairment loss allowance on the portfolio of trade receivables. The provision matrix is based on its historically 
observed default rates over the expected life of trade receivable and is adjusted for forward looking estimates. At every 
reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward looking estimates are analyzed. 
 ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised during the period is recognised as income/ expense in the statement 
of	profit	and	loss.	The	balance	sheet	presentation	for	various	financial	instruments	is	described	below:	
(a) Financial assets measured as at amortised cost, contractual revenue receivables and lease receivables : ECL 
is presented as an allowance, i.e., as an integral part of the measurement of those assets in the balance sheet. The 
allowance reduces the net carrying amount. Until the asset meets write-off criteria, the Company does not reduce 
impairment allowance from the gross carrying amount. 
(b)  Loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts: ECL is presented as a provision in the balance sheet, i.e. as 
a liability.
 (c)  Debt instruments measured at FVTOCI: For debt instruments measured at FVTOCI, the expected credit losses do not 
reduce the carrying amount in the balance sheet, which remains at fair value. Instead, an amount equal to the allowance 
that would arise if the asset was measured at amortised cost is recognises in other comprehensive income as the 
accumulated impairment amount. 

[page 150]
|| 147 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
ii)  Financial liabilities: 
 Initial recognition and measurement 
	 Financial	 liabilities	are	classified	at	initial	recognition	as	financial	liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss,	loans	and	
borrowings,	and	payables,	net	of	directly	attributable	transaction	costs.	All	financial	liabilities	are	recognised	initially	at	fair	
value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs. The Company 
financial	liabilities	include	loans	and	borrowings,	trade	payables,	trade	deposits,	retention	money,	liabilities	towards	services,	
sales incentive and other payables. 
 Subsequent measurement 
	 For	purposes	of	subsequent	measurement,	financial	liabilities	are	classified	in	two	categories:	
(i)		 Financial	liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	
(ii)  Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
	 Financial	 liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	include	financial	liabilities	held	for	trading	and	financial	liabilities	designated	
upon	initial	recognition	as	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss.	Financial	liabilities	are	classified	as	held	for	trading	if	they	
are	incurred	for	the	purpose	of	repurchasing	in	the	near	term.	This	category	also	includes	derivative	financial	instruments	
entered	into	by	the	Company	that	are	not	designated	as	hedging	instruments	in	hedge	relationship	as	defined	by	Ind	AS	109.	
The	separated	embedded	derivate	are	also	classified	as	held	for	trading	unless	they	are	designated	as	effective	hedging	
instruments. 
	 Gains	or	losses	on	liabilities	held	for	trading	are	recognised 	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss.	
	 Financial	 liabilities	designated	upon	initial	recognition	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	are	designated	as	such	at	the	initial	
date	of	recognition,	and	only	if	the	criteria	in	IND	AS	109	are	satisfied.	For	liabilities	designated	as	FVTPL,	fair	value	gains/	
losses attributable to changes in own credit risk are recognised in OCI. These gains/ loss are not subsequently transferred to 
profit	and	loss.	However,	the	Company	may	transfer	the	cumulative	gain	or	loss	within	equity.	All	other	changes	in	fair	value	of	
such	liability	are	recognised	in	the	statement	of	profit	or	loss.	the	Company	has	not	designated	any	financial	liability	as	at	fair	
value	through	profit	and	loss.	
 Financial liabilities at amortized cost (Loans and borrowings) 
 After initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the Effective interest 
rate	method.	Gains	and	losses	are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	when	the	liabilities	are	derecognised	as	well	as	through	the	
Effective interest rate amortisation process. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on 
acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the Effective interest rate. The Effective interest rate amortisation is 
included	as	finance	costs	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss.	
 Trade Payables 
	 These	 amounts	represent	liabilities	for	goods	and	services	provided	to	the	Company	prior	to	the	end	of	financial	year	which	
are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually payable basis varying trade term. Trade and other payables are 
presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised 
initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using Effective interest rate method. 
 Financial Guarantee Contracts: 
 Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Company are those contracts that requires payment to be made to reimburse the 
holders	for	a	loss	it	incurs	because	the	specified	debtors	fail	to	make	a	payment	when	due	in	accordance	with	the	term	of	debt	
instrument. 
 Financial guarantee contracts are recognised initially as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction cost that are directly 
attributed to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is measured at the higher of the amount of loss allowance 
determined as per impairment requirement of IND AS 109 and the amount recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative 
amount of income recognised in accordance with principles of IND AS 115.
 Derecognition 
	 A 	financial	liability	is	derecognised	when	the	obligation	under	the	liability	is	discharged	or	cancelled	or	expires.	When	an	
existing	financial	liability	is	replaced	by	another	from	the	same	lender	on	substantially	different	terms,	or	the	terms	of	an	
existing	liability	are	substantially	modified,	such	an	exchange	or	modification	is	treated	as	the	derecognition	of	the	original	
liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement 
of	profit	and	loss.

[page 151]
|| 148 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
 Offsetting of financial instruments 
	 Financials	 assets	and	financial	liabilities	are	offset	and	the	net	amount	is	reported	in	the	balance	sheet	if	there	is	a	currently	
enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realise the assets 
and settle the liabilities simultaneously. 
 Reclassification of financial assets/ financial liabilities 
	 The	 Company	determines	classification	of	financial	assets	and	liabilities	on	initial	recognition.	After	initial	recognition,	no	
reclassification	is	made	for	financial	assets	which	are	equity	instruments	and	financial	liabilities.	For	financial	assets	which	
are	debt	instruments,	a	reclassification	is	made	only	if	there	is	a	change	in	the	business	model	for	managing	those	assets.	
Changes to the business model are expected to be infrequent. The Company’s senior management determines change 
in	the	business	model	as	a	result	of	external	or	internal	changes	which	are	significant	to	the	Company’s	operations.	Such	
changes are evident to external parties. A change in the business model occurs when the Company either begins or ceases to 
perform	an	activity	that	is	significant	to	its	operations.	If	the	Company	reclassifies	financial	assets,	it	applies	the	reclassification	
prospectively	from	the	reclassification	date	which	is	the	first	day	of	the	immediately	next	reporting	period	following	the	change	
in business model. The Company does not restate any previously recognised gains, losses (including impairment gains or 
losses) or interest.
2.11) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (PPE)
 Fixed assets are stated at original cost net of tax/duty credit availed, if any, less accumulated depreciation and cumulative 
impairment and those which have been revaluated are stated at the values determined by the values less accumulated 
depreciation and cumulative impairment. Cost of acquisition is inclusive of freight and other incidental expenses and interest 
on loan taken for the acquisition of qualifying assets up to the date of commissioning of assets.
	 Subsequent	 expenditure	related	to	PPE	is	capitalized	only	when	it	is	probable	that	future	economic	benefits	associated	with	
these	will	flow	to	the	company	and	cost	of	the	item	can	be	measured	reliably.	All	other	expenses	on	existing	fixed	assets,	
including	day	to	day	repair	and	maintenance	expenditure	and	cost	of	replacing	parts,	are	charged	to	the	statement	of	profit	
and loss for the period during which such expenses are incurred.
	 Gain	 or	losses	arising	from	de-recognition	of	fixed	assets	are	measured	as	the	difference	between	the	net	disposable	proceeds	
and	the	carrying	amount	of	the	asset	and	are	recognized	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss	when	the	asset	is	derecognized.
 The exchange differences arising on reporting of long term foreign currency monetary items at rates different from those at 
which	they	were	initially	recorded	during	the	period,	or	reported	in	previous	financial	statements,	in	so	far	as	they	relate	to	the	
acquisition of a depreciable capital asset, have been added to or deducted from the cost of the asset and shall be depreciated 
over the balance useful life of the asset.
 Die Tooling, developed in-house, includes cost of material and other direct/ incidental expense on in-house development.
 Tangible Assets not ready for the intended use on the date of the balance Sheet are disclosed as “capital work in progress”. 
  DEPRECIATION / AMORTIZATION ON TANGIBLE FIXED ASSETS
 Depreciation is the systematic allocation of the depreciable amount of an asset over useful life. The depreciable amount of an 
asset is the cost of an asset or other amount substituted for cost, less its residual value.
A. OWNED ASSETS 
(i) Pursuant to applicability of Schedule II, of Companies Act 2013, with effect from 1 st April 2014, Management has 
reassessed the useful life of tangible assets based on the internal and external technical evaluation. The Depreciation 
on	fixed	assets	is	provided	on	straight	line	method	in	accordance	with	applicable	Schedule	of	the	Companies	Act,	2013.
(ii) Depreciation for addition to/ deductions from, owned assets is calculated on pro-rata basis from the date of such addition 
or, as the case may be, up to the date on which such asset has been sold, discarded, demolished or destroyed.
(iii) Residual values of assets have been considered at 5% of the original cost of the assets.
(iv) Difference	of	Exchange	Rate	fluctuation	on	imported	plant	and	machineries	procured	out	of	long	term	foreign	currency	
loans is amortized over the residual life of relevant plant and machineries.
(v) The depreciation calculation is based on the balance useful lives of assets and shift working. Depreciation on assets 
used on double shift basis have been increased by 50% for that period and Depreciation on assets used in triple shift 
basis have been increased by 100% for that period, except for assets in respect of which no extra shift depreciation is 
permitted (indicated by NESD in Part C of the schedule).

[page 152]
|| 149 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
(vi) The estimated useful lives for the categories of property, plant and equipment are: 
Particulars Estimated useful life (years)
Buildings 30-60 Years
Plant and machinery 15-28 Years
Furniture	and	fixtures 3-10 Years
Office	Equipment 3-10 Years
Vehicles 5-8 Years
B.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND AMORTIZATION
 Intangible assets are stated at original cost net of tax/duty credit availed, if any, less accumulated amortization and cumulative 
impairment.	Intangible	assets	are	recognized	when	it	is	probable	that	the	future	economic	benefits	are	attributable	to	the	asset	
will	flow	to	the	enterprise	and	the	cost	of	asset	can	be	measured	reliably.	Intangible	assets	are	amortized	over	their	estimated	
useful	life.	The	estimated	useful	life	of	an	identifiable	intangible	asset	is	based	on	number	of	factors	including	the	effects	of	
obsolescence etc.
 Intangible Assets not ready for the intended use on the date of balance sheet are disclosed as “intangible assets under 
development”
2.12) Investment properties
 Investment properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment 
properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. The cost includes 
the cost of replacing parts and borrowing costs for long-term construction projects if the recognition criteria are met. When 
significant	parts	of	the	investment	property	are	required	to	be	replaced	at	intervals,	the	Company	depreciates	them	separately	
based	on	their	specific	useful	lives.	All	other	repair	and	maintenance	costs	are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	as	incurred.	The	
Company depreciates building on a straight line basis over a period of 30 years from the date of original purchase.
 Though the Company measures investment property using cost based measurement, the fair value of investment property is 
disclosed in notes. Fair values are determined based on an annual evaluation performed by an accredited external independent 
valuer applying a valuation model recommended by the international valuation standards committee. 
 Investment properties are derecognised either when they have been disposed of or when they are permanently withdrawn 
from	use	and	no	future	economic	benefit	is	expected	from	their	disposal.	The	difference	between	the	net	disposal	proceeds	
and	the	carrying	amount	of	the	asset	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	of	derecognition.	
 Transfers are made to (or from) investment properties only when there is a change in use. Transfer between investment 
property and owner occupied property do not change the carrying amount of the property transferred and they do not change 
the cost of that property for measurement or disclosure purpose.
2.13) BORROWINGS
 Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at 
amortized cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognized in 
profit	or	loss	over	the	period	of	the	borrowings	using	the	effective	interest	method.	Fees	paid	on	the	establishment	of	loan	
facilities are recognized as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be 
drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable 
that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalized as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortized 
over	the	period	of	the	facility	to	which	it	relates.	Borrowings	are	removed	from	the	balance	sheet	when	the	obligation	specified	
in	the	contract	is	discharged,	cancelled	or	expired.	The	difference	between	the	carrying	amount	of	a	financial	liability	that	has	
been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or 
liabilities	assumed,	is	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	as	other	income	or	finance	costs.
	 Borrowings 	are	classified	as	current	liabilities	unless	the	Company	has	an	unconditional	right	to	defer	settlement	of	the	liability	
for at least 12 months after the reporting period.
2.14) BORROWING COST
 Borrowing cost includes interest and other costs incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds and charged to Statement 
of	Profit	&	Loss	on	the	basis	of	effective	interest	rate	(EIR)	method.	Borrowing	cost	also	includes	exchange	differences	to	the	
extent regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing cost. 
 Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial 
period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized as part of the cost of the respective asset. All other 
borrowing costs are recognized as expense in the period in which they occur.

[page 153]
|| 150 ||
2.15) PROVISION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
 PROVISIONS
 Provisions are recognized when the company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is 
probable that the company will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the 
obligation.
 The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at 
the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision 
is	measured	using	the	cash	flows	estimated	to	settle	the	present	obligation,	its	carrying	amount	is	the	present	value	of	those	
cash	flows	(when	the	effect	of	the	time	value	of	money	is	material).
	 When	 some	or	all	of	the	economic	benefits	required	to	settle	a	provision	are	expected	to	be	recovered	from	a	third	party,	
a receivable is recognized as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the 
receivable can be measured reliably.
 CONTINGENT LIABILITES
 Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from past events whose existence will be 
confirmed	by	the	occurrence	or	non-occurrence	of	one	or	more	uncertain	future	events	not	wholly	within	the	control	of	the	
Company	or	a	present	obligation	that	arises	from	part	events	where	it	is	not	probable	that	an	outflow	of	resources	will	be	
required to settle the obligation. A contingent liability also arises in extremely rare cases where there is a liability that cannot 
be recognized because it cannot be measured reliably.
2.16) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
 Short-term obligations
	 Liabilities	 for	wages	and	salaries,	including	non-monetary	benefits	that	are	expected	to	be	settled	wholly	within	12	months	after	
the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognized in respect of employees’ services up 
to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The 
liabilities	are	presented	as	current	employee	benefit	obligations	in	the	balance	sheet.	
 Provident Fund & Employee State Insurance 
	 Retirement	 benefit	in	the	form	of	provident	fund	is	a	defined	contribution	scheme.	the	Company	has	no	obligation,	other	than	
the contribution payable to the provident fund. The Company recognises contribution payable through provident fund scheme 
as an expense, when an employee renders the related services. If the contribution payable to scheme for service received 
before	the	balance	sheet	date	exceeds	the	contribution	already	paid,	the	deficit	payable	to	the	scheme	is	recognised	as	
liability after deducting the contribution already paid. If the contribution already paid exceeds the contribution due for services 
received before the balance sheet date, then excesses recognised as an asset to the extent that the prepayment will lead to, 
for example, a reduction in future payment or a cash refund.
 Gratuity
	 The	 Employee’s	Gratuity	Fund	Scheme,	which	is	defined	benefit	plan,	is	managed	by	Trust	with	its	investments	maintained	
with Life Insurance Corporation of India. The liabilities with respect to Gratuity Plan are determined by actuarial valuation on 
projected unit credit method on the balance sheet date, based upon which the Company contributes to the Gratuity Scheme. 
The difference, if any, between the actuarial valuation of the gratuity of employees at the year end and the balance of funds is 
provided	for	as	assets/	(liability)	in	the	books.	Net	interest	is	calculated	by	applying	the	discount	rate	to	the	net	defined	benefit	
liability	or	asset.	The	Company	recognizes	the	following	changes	in	the	net	defined	benefit	obligation	under	Employee	benefit	
expense	in	statement	of	profit	or	loss:
a)  Service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments and non-routine 
settlements. 
b)  Net interest expense or income. 
 Re-measurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling, excluding amount included in net 
interest	on	the	net	defined	benefit	liability	and	the	return	on	plan	assets	(excluding	amounts	included	in	net	interest	on	the	
net	defined	benefit	liability),	are	recognised	immediately	in	the	Balance	Sheet	with	a	corresponding	debit	or	credit	to	retained	
earnings	through	other	comprehensive	income	in	the	period	in	which	they	occur.	Re	measurements	are	not	reclassified	to	
profit	or	loss	in	subsequent	periods
 Compensated Absences
 Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed within 12 months from the end of the 
year	end	are	treated	as	short	term	employee	benefits.	The	obligation	towards	the	same	is	measured	at	the	expected	cost	of	
accumulating compensated absences as the additional amount expected to be paid as a result of the unused entitlement as at 
the year end. Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed beyond 12 months from the 
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 154]
|| 151 ||
end	of	the	year	end	are	treated	as	other	long	term	employee	benefits.	The	Company’s	liability	is	actuarially	determined	(using	
the	Projected	Unit	Credit	method)	at	the	end	of	each	year.	The	present	value	of	the	defined	benefit	obligation	is	determined	
by	discounting	the	estimated	future	cash	outflows	using	interest	rates	of	government	bonds.	Actuarial	gains	and	losses	arising	
from	experience	adjustments	and	changes	in	actuarial	assumptions	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in	which	they	
arise.	Past-service	costs	are	recognized	immediately	in	profit	or	loss.
 Other Long term incentive plan – Employee stock option plan 
 The Company provides long term incentive plan to employees via equity settled share based payments. The cost of equity-
settled transactions is determined by the fair value at the date when the grant is made using an appropriate valuation model. 
That cost is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in employee stock option reserves in other equity, over the 
period	in	which	the	performance	and/or	service	conditions	are	fulfilled	in	employee	benefits	expense.	
 The amount recognised as expense is based on the estimate of the number of awards for which the related service and non-
market vesting conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an expense is based on the 
number of awards that do meet the related service and non-market vesting conditions at the vesting date. For share-based 
payment	awards	with	non-vesting	conditions,	the	grant	date	fair	value	of	the	share-based	payment	is	measured	to	reflect
2.17) Foreign currency translation
i) Functional and Presentation currency
	 The	 functional	currency	of	the	Company	is	Indian	Rupee.	These	financial	statements	are	presented	in	Indian	Rupee	
(rounded off to lakhs).
ii)  Transaction and balances
 The foreign currency transactions are recorded, on initial recognition in the functional currency, by applying to the foreign 
currency amount the spot exchange rate between the functional currency and the foreign currency at the date of the 
transaction.
 The foreign currency monetary items are translated using the closing rate at the end of each reporting period. Non-
monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency shall be translated using the exchange 
rate at the date of the transaction. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating 
monetary items at rates different from those at which they were translated on initial recognition during the period or in 
previous	financial	statements	shall	be	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in	which	they	arise.
(iii)  Exchange differences
	 Foreign	 exchange	differences	recorded	as	an	adjustment	to	borrowing	costs	are	presented	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	
loss,	within	finance	cost.	All	other	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	are	presented	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss	on	
net basis.
2.18) SEGMENT REPORTING
 The Company deals in only one business segment of manufacturing and sale of auto ancillary equipment’s and the chief operating 
decision maker (CODM) reviews the operations of the Company as a whole, hence there is no reportable segments as per Ind 
AS 108 “Operating Segments”. The management considers that the various goods and services provided by the Company 
constitutes single business segment, since the risk and rewards from these services are not different from one another.
2.19) EARNING PER SHARE
	 Basic	 earnings	per	share	are	calculated	by	dividing	the	net	profit	or	loss	for	the	year	attributable	to	equity	shareholders	(after	
deducting attributable taxes and dividend on cumulative preference shares for the year) by the weighted average number of 
equity shares outstanding during the year.  Partly paid equity shares are treated as a fraction of an equity share to the extent 
that they were entitled to participate in dividends relative to a fully paid equity share during the reporting period.  The weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for event of bonus issue/right issue etc.; bonus 
element in a rights issue to existing shareholders; share split; and reverse share split (consolidation of shares).
	 For	 the	purpose	of	calculating	diluted	earnings	per	share,	the	net	profit	or	loss	for	the	period	attributable	to	equity	shareholders	
and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential 
equity shares.
2.20) SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
	 The	 preparation	of	the	standalone	financial	statements	requires	the	management	to	make	judgments,	estimates	and	
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, 
and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these judgements, assumptions and estimates could result in 
outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in future periods. 
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 155]
|| 152 ||
a )  Company as a leases 
 The Company determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by 
an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate 
the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised. 
 The Company has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The Company applies 
judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the 
lease. That is, it considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or 
termination.	After	the	commencement	date,	the	Company	reassesses	the	lease	term	if	there	is	a	significant	event	or	
change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew 
or	to	terminate	(e.g.,	construction	of	significant	leasehold	improvements	or	significant	customization	to	the	leased	asset).
b)  Taxes 
 Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of tax regulations, changes in tax laws, and the amount and timing 
of future taxable income. Given the wide range of business relationships differences arising between the actual results 
and the assumptions made, or future changes to such assumptions, could necessitate future adjustments to tax income 
and expense already recorded. The Company establishes provisions, based on reasonable estimates. The amount of 
such provisions is based on various factors, such as experience of previous tax audits and differing interpretations of tax 
regulations by the taxable entity and the responsible tax authority
c) Defined benefits Plan
	 The	 cost	of	the	defined	benefit	plan	and	other	post-employment	benefits	and	the	present	value	of	such	obligation	are	
determined using actuarial valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions that may differ from 
actual developments in future. These includes the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases, mortality 
rates	and	attrition	rate.	Due	to	the	complexities	involved	in	the	valuation	and	its	long-term	nature,	a	defined	benefit	
obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.
d) Fair value measurement of financial instrument
	 When	 the	fair	values	of	financial	assets	and	financial	liabilities	recorded	in	the	balance	sheet	cannot	be	measured	based	
on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including the Discounted 
Cash Flow (DCF) model. The inputs to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, but where this 
is not feasible, a degree of judgment is required in establishing fair values. Judgments include considerations of inputs 
such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair 
value	of	financial	instruments.
e)  Impairment of financial assets 
 The	impairment	provisions	of	financial	assets	are	based	on	assumptions	about	risk	of	default	and	expected	loss	rates.	the	
Company uses judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on 
Company’s past history existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. 
f)  Impairment of non-financial assets 
 The Company assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any 
indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Company estimates the asset’s 
recoverable amount.
  An assets recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s CGU’S fair value less cost of disposal and its value in use. 
Where the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and 
is written down to its recoverable amount. 
	 In	 assessing	value	in	use,	the	estimated	future	cash	flows	are	estimated	based	on	past	trend	and	discounted	to	their	
present	value	using	a	pre-tax	discount	rate	that	reflects	current	market	assessments	of	the	time	value	of	money	and	
the	risks	specific	to	the	asset.	In	determining	fair	value	less	costs	of	disposal,	recent	market	transactions	are	taken	
into	account.	If	no	such	transactions	can	be	identified,	an	appropriate	valuation	model	is	used.	These	calculations	are	
corroborated by valuation multiples, or other fair value indicators. 
	 The	 Company	assesses	where	climate	risks	could	have	a	significant	impact,	such	as	the	introduction	of	emission-
reduction legislation that may increase manufacturing costs. These risks in relation to climate-related matters are 
included as key assumptions where they materially impact the measure of recoverable amount, these assumptions have 
been	included	in	the	cash-flow	forecasts	in	assessing	value-in-use	amounts.	
g)  Provision for warranty 
	 Provisions 	for	warranties	is	measured	at	discounted	present	value	using	pre-tax	discount	rate	that	reflects	the	current	
market	assessments	of	the	time	value	of	money	and	the	risks	specific	to	the	liability.	Warranty	provisions	is	determined	
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 156]
|| 153 ||
based on the historical percentage of warranty expense to sales for the same types of goods for which the warranty 
is currently being determined. The same percentage to the sales is applied for the current accounting period to derive 
the warranty expense to be accrued. It is very unlikely that actual warranty claims will exactly match the historical 
warranty percentage, so such estimates are reviewed annually for any material changes in assumptions and likelihood 
of occurrence
h)  Provision for expected credit losses (ECL) of trade receivables 
 The Company uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on days 
past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by geography, product type, 
customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit insurance). The provision matrix is 
initially based on the Company’s historical observed default rates. The Company will calibrate the matrix to adjust the 
historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. At every reporting date, the historical observed default 
rates are updated and changes in the forwardlooking estimates are analyzed. 
 The assessment of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a 
significant	estimate.	The	amount	of	ECLs	is	sensitive	to	changes	in	circumstances	and	of	forecast	economic	conditions.	
The Company’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of 
customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Company’s trade receivables and contract 
assets is disclosed in Notes.
i) Property, Plant and Equipment, investment properties and intangible assets 
	 Property,	 Plant	and	Equipment,	investment	property,	and	intangible	assets	represent	significant	portion	of	the	asset	
base of the Company. The charge in respect of periodic depreciation is derived after determining an estimate of assets 
expected useful life and expected value at the end of its useful life. The useful life and residual value of Company’s 
assets are determined by Management at the time asset is acquired and reviewed periodically including at the end of 
each year. The useful life is based on historical experience with similar assets in anticipation of future events, which may 
have impact on their life such as change in technology.
j)  Leases - Estimating the incremental borrowing rate 
 The Company cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, therefore, it uses its incremental borrowing 
rate (IBR) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow 
over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-
use	asset	in	a	similar	economic	environment.	The	IBR	therefore	reflects	what	the	Company	‘would	have	to	pay’,	which	
requires	estimation	when	no	observable	rates	are	available	(such	as	for	subsidiaries	that	do	not	enter	into	financing	
transactions)	or	when	they	need	to	be	adjusted	to	reflect	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	lease.	The	Company	estimates	
the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-
specific	estimates.
k)  Revenue from contracts with customers
 The Company applies the judgements in respect to transactions relating to tooling development, Principal versus agent 
consideration	that	significant	financing	component	in	a	contract	that	significantly	affect	the	determination	of	the	amount	
and timing of revenue from contracts with customers For more details, refer accounting policy on revenue from contract 
with customers.
       
AUDITORS’ REPORT
Certified	in	terms	of	our	separate	report	of	even	date	annexed.  
For  AKR & Associates Sanjay Garg Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Ajit Singh Chatha Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Virander Kumar Arya
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Mohan	Joshi 
Sukhvinder Khanna Deputy Managing Director 
Deva Bharathi Reddy
per Kailash Kumar Directors Manohar lal Jain
Partner Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 157]
|| 154 ||
Note-3 Property, Plant and Equipment    
Particulars Freehold 
land
Leasehold 
Land Building Office 
equipments
Furniture 
and 
fixtures
Plant and 
machinery Vehicle Total
Gross Carrying Value  
Balance as at  31st March,2024 12,459.42 1,207.17 43,049.70     1,606.72    5,436.21 1,69,783.55    2,071.12 2,35,613.88 
Additions                   -                  -   819.02         105.48          195.11 27,282.45         291.65 28,693.70 
Disposals (842.75)                -                   -           (1.01)            (7.34) (1,858.08)         (70.14) (2,779.33)
Balance as at  31st March,2025 11,616.67 1,207.17 43,868.71    1,711.19   5,623.97 1,95,207.92    2,292.62 2,61,528.25 
Additions                   -                  -   5,116.47       149.42              6.03 27,825.16          91.86 33,188.95 
Disposals                   -                  -                   -        (10.68)                 -   (886.02)         (42.18) (938.87)
Balance as at  31st March,2026 11,616.67 1,207.17 48,985.19     1,849.93    5,630.00 2,22,147.07 2,342.30 2,93,778.33 
 
Accumulated Depreciation  
Balance as at  31st March,2024                   -      212.22 9,977.37  1,192.82 4,658.74 72,410.74 1,678.36 90,130.25 
Additions                   -             12.06 1,316.96    136.65          197.97  8,294.85         105.02 10,063.51 
Disposals                   -                  -                   -        (0.29)            (6.98)   (1,199.91)         (67.56) (1,274.73)
Balance as at  31st March,2025                   -      224.28 11,294.33 1,329.18   4,849.74 79,505.68   1,715.82 98,919.03 
Additions                   -             12.06 1,441.02      161.71          163.03 10,974.04          97.83 12,849.69 
Disposals                   -                  -                   -            (10.14)                 -    (131.03)         (37.93) (179.11)
Balance as at  31st March,2026                   -      236.34 12,735.35     1,480.74     5,012.77 90,348.69    1,775.71 1,11,589.61 
 
Net carrying amount  
Balance as at  31st March,2024 12,459.42       994.95 33,072.33         413.90          777.47 97,372.81        392.76 1,45,483.64 
Balance as at  31st March,2025 11,616.67      982.89 32,574.38      382.01          774.23 1,15,702.24        576.80 1,62,609.22 
Balance as at  31st March,2026 11,616.67       970.83 36,249.84    369.19          617.23 1,31,798.38        566.59 1,82,188.73 
Notes:
1)  The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee), as disclosed in Note 3 on Property, plant and equipment and Note 5 
on	Other	Intangible	Assets	to	the	financial	statements,	are	held	in	the	name	of	the	Company
2)   Land for Oragadam plant in Chennai is obtained on 99 years of lease basis from State Industrial Promotion corporation of 
Tamilnadu Limited(SIPCOT), a Government of Tamilnadu enterprises. The total cost of Lease hold land is amortised over a 
period of 99 years. Accordingly a sum of Rs. 12.06 Lacs (Previous year Rs. 12.06 Lacs) is amortised during the period.
3)   There is no change in the carrying value of Assets on the account of Revaluation of Assets.
4)   Capital expenditure incurred on R & D Centre
Particular FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana
Plant & Machinery R & D                -                   -           1,672.59          572.13   804.87               -   
Data Processing Equipments-R&D           22.56              4.89                  -                   -         40.90          15.59 
Die Tooling (R&D)                -                   -              918.16                 -   218.48               -   
Total           22.56             4.89         2,590.74 572.13 1064.24 15.59
Less: Transfer/adjustments                -                   -    -                 -                            -                 -   
Total R&D Capital Expenditure           22.56             4.89         2,590.74          572.13 1,064.24           15.59 
5) Revenue expenditure incurred on R & D Centre
Particular FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana
Salaries, Wages And Other Allowances      1,479.07          496.63         1,307.01          439.57 1,243.63         357.60 
Power & Fuel 22.54  1.39             19.91              1.45   111.87            4.77 
Travelling And Conveyance  41.14 11.87             83.72            16.86        19.51            1.50 
Total R&D Revenue Expenditure      1,542.75 509.89         1,410.64          457.88 1,375.01        363.87 
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 158]
|| 155 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Leases  As at  
31st March 2026 
As at  
31st March 2025
a) Not later than one year            12.06           12.06 
b)	Later	than	one	year	but	not	later	than	five	years            48.24          48.24 
c)	Later	than	five	years          910.53        922.59 
The company has used deemed cost exemption under Ind AS 101 as on the date of transition to Ind AS.
Note-4 Capital Work-in-Progress  
Particulars Amount
   
Balance as at  31st March,2024        34,584.48 
Balance as at  31st March,2025  27,105.38 
Balance as at  31st March,2026 14,170.57 
Notes:          
I) Ageing of Capital work in Progress is as below:
Balance as at  31st March,2026          
Particulars Less than 
1 year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 
3 Years Total
Capital work in Progress 14,170.57                       -                  -             -   14,170.57 
           
Balance as at  31st March,2025          
Particulars Less than 
1 year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 
3 Years Total
Capital work in Progress 21,214.60 5,890.78                -                        -   27,105.38 
           
II) There are no projects lying in Capital work in progress which have been exceeded from its timeline of completion.
III) There are no projects which have been suspended during the year.
Note-5 Other Intangible Assets
Particulars  Amount 
Gross Carrying Value  
Balance as at  31st March,2024                521.63 
Additions                      -   
Disposals                      -   
Balance as at  31st March,2025                521.63 
Additions                      -   
Disposals                      -   
Balance as at  31st March,2026                521.63 
   
Accumulated Depreciation  
Balance as at  31st March,2024               429.47 
Additions                 14.58 
Disposals                      -   
Balance as at  31st March,2025               444.05 
Additions                 14.58 
Disposals                      -   
Balance as at  31st March,2026               458.63 
   
Net carrying amount  
Balance as at  31st March,2024                 92.16 
Balance as at  31st March,2025                 77.58 
Balance as at  31st March,2026                 63.00 
      
Notes  
I)   There is no intangible assets under development whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost compared to its 
original plan at the end of current year and previous year.

[page 159]
|| 156 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Particulars Amount
Note-5(a) Right to Use Asset And Lease Liabilites 
Gross Carrying Value  
Balance as at  31st March,2024                129.82 
Additions                      -   
Disposals                      -   
Balance as at  31st March,2025                129.82 
Additions               247.92 
Disposals                      -   
Balance as at  31st March,2026               377.74 
 
Accumulated Depreciation  
Balance as at  31st March,2024                 28.63 
Additions                 11.39 
Disposals                      -   
Balance as at  31st March,2025                 40.02 
Additions                 14.65 
Disposals                      -   
Balance as at  31st March,2026                 54.67 
   
Net carrying amount  
Balance as at  31st March,2024                101.19 
Balance as at  31st March,2025                 89.80 
Balance as at  31st March,2026               323.07 
The movement in lease liabilities is as follows    
   
Particulars As at 31st 
March 2026
As at 31st 
March 2025
Balance at the beginning             20.20                             45.31 
Addition during the year           247.92                                  -   
Deletion during the year                  -                                    -   
Finance cost accrued during the year               8.22                               4.53 
Payment of lease liabilities            (29.53)                            (29.64)
Balance at the end           246.81                             20.20 
     
Current maturities of lease liabilities               4.96                             20.20 
Non-current lease liabilities           241.85                              (0.00)
     
Amount recognised in the statement of Profit and loss during the year:
Particulars As at 31st 
March 2026
As at 31st 
March 2025
Depreciation charge of right of use assets             14.65                             11.39 
Finance cost incurred during the year               8.22                               4.53 
Total             22.87                             15.92 
     
Notes:    
I)    The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities is 9.00% - 10.00%
II)			The	Company	does	not	face	significant	liquidity	risk	with	regard	to	its	lease	liabilities	as	the	current	assets	are	sufficient	to	
meet the obligation related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.

[page 160]
|| 157 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
 As at 
 31st March 2025 
Note 6. Non-current investments
Investment in Associates
57,151 (Previous year 57,151) Equity Shares of Face Value of Rs.10/- Each of Clean 
Max Astria Pvt Limited            1,089.11             1,089.11 
Investment in Wholly Owned Subsidiary
50,00,000 Equity Shares of Face Value of Rs 10/- each               500.00                500.00 
of AMW Autocomponent Limited (AACL)
Sub total (A)             1,589.11              1,589.11 
   
B. Others
     Unquoted equity investments valued at cost (unless otherwise stated)
Investment in Equity Shares 
112,500 (Previous year 1,12,500) Equity Shares of                 11.25                  11.25 
Rs.	10/-	each	of	Nimbua	Greenfield	(Punjab)	Association	{formerly	Nimbua	Greenfield	
(Punjab) Limited}
81,534(Previous year 81,534) equity shares of                  8.15                    8.15 
Rs. 10/- Each of Echanda Urja Pvt. Limited
Sub total (B)                 19.40                  19.40 
Grand Total            1,608.51             1,608.51 
Aggregate amount of quoted investments                      -                         -   
Aggregate amount of Un-quoted investments            1,608.51             1,608.51 
Note 7. Loans
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
Advance recoverable in cash or kind                 35.00                  35.00 
Less :- Provisions for Doubtful Advances( Other loan & advances)                 35.00                  35.00 
                     -                         -   
1)   The Company has entered into an agreement for purchase of land admeasuring 304 kanals approx at village Bir Farozari, 
Distt. Panchkula, at cost of Rs. 133.00 Lacs for setting up an auto component unit. The Land has not yet been registered in the 
name of Company . Pending the same , the advance of Rs. 35.00 Lacs paid by the Company has been shown as advances 
recoverable and being under legal suit, a provision for the same has been made. 
2)  There are no outstanding loans/advances in nature of loan to Promoters, Key Management Personnel, Director, and Related 
Party (other than mentioned in Note-14) of the Company.
Note:- 8. Other financial assets (non-current)
Security deposits            1,471.29             1,276.54 
Income tax Refundable of earlier years               382.21                  98.02 
           1,853.50             1,374.56 
Note:- 9. Other non-current assets
Capital advances            4,257.11             2,772.54 
Prepaid expenses               124.66                126.25 
           4,381.77             2,898.79 

[page 161]
|| 158 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
Note:-10 Inventories
(Valued at cost, unless otherwise stated)
a) Raw material
- Raw Material & Components (in hand)          24,089.79           17,936.79 
- Raw Material & Components (in transit)          13,313.60           11,556.81 
b) Work in Progress          12,185.97             8,410.52 
c) Finished Goods            8,326.27             8,681.18 
d) Stores & Spares          32,100.73           25,534.17 
e) Scrap            5,236.35             2,193.87 
         95,252.71           74,313.34 
     
Note:- 11 Trade receivables
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
Unsecured, considered good          60,895.74           48,637.38 
Unsecured, considered doubtful                 20.26                  20.26 
         60,916.00           48,657.64 
Less :- Provisions for Doubtful Debtors                 20.26                  20.26 
         60,895.74           48,637.38 
Ageing Schedule of Trade Receivables is as below:
As at  31st March 2026
Trade receivable Not Due Less than 
6 months
6 months 
-1 year 1-2 Year 2-3 year More than 
3 Years Total 
a) Undisputed Considered good 52,339.27      8,376.05          118.31 39.74 15.35          7.02 60,895.74 
b) Undisputed Considered Doubtful                  -                 -                   -                -             -           20.26 20.26 
c) Disputed Considered good                  -                 -                   -                -              -                -                         -   
d)Disputed Considered Doubtful                  -                 -                   -                -             -                -                         -   
Total 52,339.27      8,376.05          118.31 39.74 15.35         27.28 60,916.00 
As at 31st March 2025
Trade receivable Not Due Less than 
6 months
6 months 
-1 year 1-2 Year 2-3 year More than 
3 Years Total 
a) Undisputed Considered good 35,006.46 13,105.02          372.40 146.48 3.43          3.59 48,637.38 
b) Undisputed Considered Doubtful                  -                 -                   -                -   -           20.26 20.26 
c) Disputed Considered good                  -                 -                   -                -            -                -                         -   
d)Disputed Considered Doubtful                  -                 -                   -                -            -                -                         -   
Total 35,006.46 13,105.02          372.40 146.48   3.43         23.85 48,657.64 
Notes:
I) Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are usually on trade terms based on credit worthiness of customers as per  the 
terms of contract with customers
Note:- 12 Cash and bank balances
 
Balances with banks 
  -Current account               139.00                  33.90 
Cash in hand                 12.25                    7.47 
              151.25                  41.37 
Notes:
I) There are no restrictions with regard to cash and bank balances as at the end of the reporting period and prior period.

[page 162]
|| 159 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
Note:- 13. Other Bank Balances
Unpaid dividend accounts               123.72                  47.36 
Fixed deposits maturing within 12 months               377.17                217.90 
              500.89                265.26 
Notes:
I)    Fixed deposits with banks are held under lien against issuance of bank guarantees amounting to Rs.11.02 crores.
II)  Unpaid dividend account does not include any amount payable to Investor Education and Protection Fund which is due and 
unpaid. 
Note:- 14. Loans
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
Advances Recoverable in Cash or in Kind (Short Term)          14,471.32           14,277.10 
         14,471.32            14,277.10 
Note:- 15. Other financial assets
Interest Accrued But Not Received                  6.39                       -   
                 6.39                       -   
Note:-16. Current/Non-current tax assets/ liabilities (net)
Advance Tax/ Tax Deducted at Source                      -                  346.31 
                     -                  346.31 
Note:-17. Other  current assets
Balance with Statutory Authorities               102.64                324.67 
GST/VAT Recoverable            5,521.60             2,378.13 
Prepaid Expenses               184.63                195.08 
           5,808.87             2,897.88 
Less :- Provisions for Doubtful Advances                      -                         -   
           5,808.87             2,897.88 
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Note:- 18  Equity Share Capital
Authorised No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity Shares of Re.1/-each         19,00,00,000               1,900.00        19,00,00,000               1,900.00 
Preference shares of Rs. 145/- each Optionally Convertible 
cumulative or Non Cumulative             12,00,000               1,740.00             12,00,000               1,740.00 
 
Issued, Subscribed and Fully paid up No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity	Shares	of		₹	1/-	each		        15,71,80,425               1,571.80        15,69,29,325               1,569.29 
 
a) Reconciliation of the number of shares and amount 
outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting year No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity shares at the beginning of the year        15,69,29,325               1,569.29        15,69,29,325               1,569.29 
Add: Issued during the year (Equity shares of Rs. 1/- each )               2,51,100                     2.51 - -
Equity shares at the end of the year        15,71,80,425               1,571.80        15,69,29,325               1,569.29 
b) Rights,Preferences and restrictions attached to shares
The Company has issued only one class of shares i.e. equity shares of face value (FV) Re. 1/- per share. Each equity shareholder 
is entitled to one vote per share. All equity shares rank pari passu and carry equal rights with respect to voting and dividend. The 
dividend proposed by the board of directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, 
except in the case of interim dividend.

[page 163]
|| 160 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after 
distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders. 
Further, the Company has not issued any preference shares until now.
c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company
Name of shareholder
As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
No of shares % holding No of shares % holding
SH. DHEERAJ GARG          4,64,02,280                    29.52          4,64,02,280                    29.57 
SAB INDUSTRIES LIMITED          1,32,41,870                     8.42          1,32,41,870                     8.44 
SAB UDYOG LIMITED          1,14,25,820                     7.27          1,14,25,820                     7.28 
TATA STEEL LIMITED          1,08,69,720                     6.92          1,08,69,720                     6.93 
SUMITOMO METAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED             85,00,000                     5.41             85,00,000                     5.42 
d) Share Reserved for Issue under Options outstanding as at the end of the year  (refer note no. 47)
e) Details of Promoter’s shareholding in the Company  
S.No. Name of Promoter/Promoter Group
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
% change 
during 
the year*
No. of 
shares (FV 
@RS. 1/-
each)
% of total 
shares 
of the 
Company
No. of 
shares (FV 
@RS. 1/-
each)
% of total 
shares 
of the 
Company
  Individuals          
1 SH. DHEERAJ GARG 4,64,02,280                    29.52 4,64,02,280                    29.57          (0.05)
2 SH. R K GARG 30,55,333                     1.94 30,55,333                     1.95          (0.01)
3 MS. PRIYA GARG 8,45,620                     0.54            8,45,620                     0.54          -
4 SMT. SUNENA GARG 55,99,574                     3.56 55,99,574                     3.57          (0.01)
5 MS. MAYA LOUISE GARG - - - - -
6 MS. AMIYA JAIN - - - - -
7 SH. TAAVISSH JAIN - - - - -
8 R.K. GARG AND SONS HUF (R K GARG)                        -                           -                          -                           -   -
  TOTAL (A) 5,59,02,807                   35.57 5,59,02,807                   35.62          (0.07)
  Promoter Body Corporate          
1 SAB INDUSTRIES LIMITED 1,32,41,870                     8.42 1,32,41,870                     8.44 (0.02)
2 SAB UDYOG LIMITED 1,14,25,820                     7.27 1,14,25,820                     7.28 (0.01)
3 CHANDIGARH DEVELOPERS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 60,47,935                     3.85 60,47,935                     3.85                        -   
4 DHG MARKETING PRIVATE LIMITED 50,10,940                     3.19 50,10,940                     3.19                        -   
5 MALWA CHEMTEX UDYOG LTD 38,50,000                     2.45 38,50,000                     2.45                        -   
6 CHANDIGARH AIRCRAFT MANAGEMENT 
SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED 3,64,080                     0.23 3,64,080                     0.23                        -   
7 STEEL STRIPS FINANCIERS PVT LTD 2,00,000                     0.13           2,00,000                     0.13                        -   
8 MUNAK INTERNATIONAL PVT LTD                 22,500                     0.01                 22,500                     0.01                        -   
9 S S CREDITS PVT LTD                 16,000                     0.01                 16,000                     0.01                        -   
10 S J MERCANTILE PRIVATE LIMITED                 12,000                     0.01                 12,000                     0.01                        -   
11 MALWA HOLDINGS PVT LTD                   4,000                     0.00                   4,000                     0.00                        -   
12 MUNAK INVESTMENTS PVT LTD                   4,000                     0.00                   4,000                     0.00                        -   
13 STEEL STRIPS HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED                   1,200                     0.00                   1,200                     0.00                        -   
14 INDIAN ACRYLICS LIMITED                        -                           -                          -                           -                          -   
15 STEEL STRIPS INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED                        -                           -                          -                           -                          -   
16 INDLON CHEMICALS LIMITED                        -                           -                          -                           -                          -   
17 SAB DEVELOPERS PRIVATE LIMITED                        -                           -                          -                           -                          -   
18 STEEL STRIPS MERCANTILE PRIVATE 
LIMITED                        -                           -                          -                           -                          -   
19 INDIAN ACRYLICS INVESTMENTS LIMITED                        -                           -                          -                           -                          -   

[page 164]
|| 161 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
20 STEEL STRIPS INDUSTRIES LIMTED                         -                           -                          -                           -                          -   
21 HANSRAJ TRUST (R K GARG)                        -                           -                          -                           -                          -   
22 MUNAK FINANCIERS PVT LTD*                        -                           -                          -    -                        -   
  TOTAL (B) 4,02,00,345                   25.58 4,02,00,345                   25.62          (0.03)
  TOTAL SHAREHOLDING (A+B) 9,61,03,152                    61.14 9,61,03,152                    61.24          (0.10)
             
Notes:          
1.			 During	the	financial	year	2025-26,	the	Company	has	allotted	251100	equity	shares	of	face	value	of	Rs.	1/-	each	under	
“Steel Strips Wheels Ltd.-Employee Stock Option Scheme 2021 (ESOS 2021)”. Consequently, the paid-up equity share 
capital of the Company increased to Rs. 15,71,80,425/- (comprising of 157180425 equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each) from 
Rs. 15,69,29,325/- (comprising of 156929325 equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each). Therefore, the percentage change in the 
shareholding of the Promoters & Promoter group is solely on account of such increase in the total issued equity share capital.
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
Note:- 19 Other Equity    
Reserves & Surplus    
Share Forfeiture Reserve                2,237.85                2,237.85 
Assistance under PATSER Scheme                     50.00                     50.00 
Capital Subsidy                     27.95                     27.95 
Capital Revaluation Reserve                5,280.64                5,280.64 
                 7,596.44                7,596.44 
   
Securities Premium Reserve    
Opening Balance              14,594.64              14,594.64 
Addition on Allotment                     47.71                          -   
Addition on issue of shares under ESOP                   495.91                          -   
Closing Balance               15,138.26              14,594.64 
   
Share Options Outstanding Reserve    
Opening Balance                   752.12                   289.26 
Addition: Employees stock option scheme expense                   730.31                   462.86 
Less: Exercise and Forfeit of employees stock option                  (495.91)                          -   
Closing Balance                   986.52                   752.12 
   
General Reserves    
Opening Balance            1,15,209.23              93,219.73 
Add : Additions during the year              20,995.04              21,989.50 
Balance as at the year end            1,36,204.27            1,15,209.23 
   
Retained Earnings    
Opening Balance              14,656.68              17,298.13 
Profit	for	the	year              20,208.77              20,995.04 
Other Comprehensive Income                     75.73                   (77.70)
Dividends (including tax thereon)                1,964.76                1,569.29 
Transfer to General Reserves              20,995.04              21,989.50 
Balance as at the year end               11,981.38              14,656.68 
Total            1,71,906.87            1,52,809.11 
Nature and purpose of Reserves
(i) Securities premium
Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilised only for limited purposes in 
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

[page 165]
|| 162 ||
(ii) Retained earnings
	Retained	earnings	are	the	profits	that	the	Company	has	earned/incurred	till	date,	less	any	transfers	to	general	reserve,	dividends	
or	other	distributions	paid	to	shareholders	Retained	earnings	include	re-measurement	loss	/	(gain)	on	defined	benefit	plans,	net	
of	taxes	that	will	not	be	reclassified	to	Statement	of	Profit	and	Loss.
(iii) Share Options Outstanding reserve
The share options-based payment reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options issued to employees under 
Employee stock option plan.
(iv) General Reserve
Under	the	erstwhile	Companies	Act	1956,	general	reserve	was	created	through	an	annual	transfer	of	net	income	at	a	specified	
percentage in accordance with applicable regulations. The purpose of these transfers was to ensure that if a dividend distribution in 
a given year is more than 10% of the paid-up capital of the Company for that year, then the total dividend distribution is less than the 
total distributable results for that year. Consequent to introduction of Companies Act 2013, the requirement to mandatorily transfer 
a	specified	percentage	of	the	net	profit	to	general	reserve	has	been	withdrawn.	However,	the	amount	previously	transferred	to	the	
general	reserve	can	be	utilised	only	in	accordance	with	the	specific	requirements	of	Companies	Act,	2013.
(v) Capital revaluation reserve
Cumulative gains and losses arising on revaluation of Fixed assets measured at market value are recognised in capital revaluation 
reserve.	The	reserve	balance	represents	such	changes	recognised	net	of	amounts	reclassified	to	retained	earnings	on	disposal	
of such assets.
(vi) Equity instruments through other comprehensive income
The Company has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive 
income. These changes are accumulated within the Equity instrument through other comprehensive income  reserve within 
retained earnings.
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
Note:- 20 Non-current Borrowings  
(Refer note No: 46)  
Secured  
Rupee Term loans from  banks              27,593.18                    26,669.21 
Foreign Currency Term Loans                         -                        1,192.94 
             27,593.18                    27,862.15 
 
Note:-21 Other Financial Liabilities  
Payables for Capital Goods - Long Term                1,706.59                      2,038.74 
               1,706.59                     2,038.74 
   
Note:- 21(a) Lease Liability  
Lease Liability                  241.85                               -   
                 241.85                               -   
 
Note:- 22 Provisions  
Provision for Gratuity (refer note 43)                  828.19                        586.33 
Provision for Leave Encashment                  374.39                          30.28 
               1,202.58                         616.61 
 
Note:-23  Deferred tax liabilities (net) (refer note 51)  
Deferred tax liability arising on account of :  
Depreciation	and	fixed	assets              15,197.33                    15,266.07 
             15,197.33                    15,266.07 
 
Note:-24 Current Borrowings  
Secured  
Loan repayable on demand  
- Rupee  demand Loans from Banks              20,536.45                    18,307.20 
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 166]
|| 163 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
 
Foreign Currency Loan  
- Buyers/Suppliers Credit loan for Raw Material from Banks              12,822.40                    17,291.28 
Current maturities of long-term borrowings              10,626.39                      9,246.43 
 
Unsecured  
From Banks              11,011.70                    10,036.31 
            54,996.94                    54,881.22 
   
Note:-24(a) Lease Liability    
Current Maturities of Lease Liability                      4.96                          20.20 
                     4.96                          20.20 
 
Nature of Securities  
Loan payable on Demand  
 
Notes:  
I)					1st	pari	passu	charge	by	way	of	hypothecation	of	entire	current	asset	constituted	of	raw	materials,	stock	in	process,	finished	
goods, consumable stores, book debts, bills whether documentary or clean outstanding monies, receivables both present 
and future of the company.
      2nd pari-passu charge is on entire Fixed Assets of the company other than exclusively charged
 II)    In pursuant to borrowing taken by the company from banks on security of current assets, the companies incorporated in India 
are required to submit the information periodically which includes the stock statement, book debts statement, revenue, trade 
receivable	and	trade	payable	etc.	During	the	year	the	company	has	filed	periodic	returns	or	statements	with	the	banks	in	lieu	
of the sanctioned working capital facilities, which are in agreement with the books of accounts.
III)   The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction of charges which is yet to be registered  with ROC beyond the statutory 
period.
 
IV)		The	Company	has	not	made	any	default	in	the	repayment	of	loans	to	banks	and	other	financial	institutions	including	interest	
thereon.
 
V)   The term loans have been used for the purpose for which they were obtained and funds raised for a short term basis have 
not been used for long term purposes.
 
Foreign Currency Loan  
Buyer credit/RA Financing/Suppliers Credit loans are secured by way of lien on Non-Funds based Working Capital Limits and 
counter indemnity of the company.  
 All secured loans are further secured by personal guarantee of Managing Director of the Company. 
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at 
 31st March 2025 
Note:- 25 Trade payables    
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises                5,078.92                      3,586.68 
Others              95,098.31                    71,620.85 
            1,00,177.23                    75,207.53 
I) Ageing Schedule of Trade Payable is as below: 
           
As at 31st March 2026            
Particulars  Not Due  Less than 
1 year  1-2 year  2-3  years  More than 
3 years  Total 
Undisputed MSME 4,699.97             378.95              -                           -                           -   5,078.92 
Undisputed others 92,885.15 2,213.16              -                           -                           -   95,098.31 
Disputed MSME                    -                      -                -                           -                           -                                 -   
Disputed Others                    -                      -                -                           -                           -                                 -   

[page 167]
|| 164 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
 
As at 31st March 2025  
Particulars  Not Due  Less than 
1 year  1-2 year  2-3  years  More than 
3 years  Total 
Undisputed MSME 3,386.77             199.91              -                           -                           -   3,586.68 
Undisputed others 66,374.98 5,245.87              -                           -                           -   71,620.85 
Disputed MSME                    -                      -                -                           -                           -                                 -   
Disputed Others                    -                      -                -                           -                           -                                 -   
           
Notes:            
Information as required to be furnished as per section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 
(MSMED Act) for the year ended 31 March 2026 is given below. This information has been determined to the extent such parties 
have	been	identified	on	the	basis	of	information	available	with	the	Company:
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at 
 31st March 2025 
Principal amount due and remaining unpaid                  373.43                        197.00 
Interest due on above and the unpaid interest                      5.52                            2.91 
Interest Paid                         -                                 -   
Payment made beyond the appointed day during the year                         -                                 -   
Interest due and payable for the period of delay                         -                                 -   
Interest accrued and remaining unpaid                         -                                 -   
Amount of further interest remaining due and payable in succeeding years                         -                                 -   
                 378.95                         199.91 
  
Note:
In	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	the	company	enters	into	supplier	financing	arrangements.	These	arrangements	allow	suppliers	
to	receive	payment	of	their	invoices	through	a	third	party	financial	institution.	The	Financial	instiution	pay	the	supplier	early	at	a	
discounted rate, and the company settles the outstanding balance directly with the Financing Institution at the end of the agreed 
terms.
Additional Information about the Company’s trade paybles is provided in the table below:-  
Particulars    As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at 
 31st March 2025 
Carrying	amount	of	financial	liabilities	subject	to	supplier	finance	arrangement
Presented in Trade payables   67,650.02  44,216.15 
-	of	which	supplier	have	received	the	payment	from	the	financial	institution 49,484.33 * 
Range of payment due date     
Trade Payable subject to supplier Finance arrangemnet(days after invoice date)  0-120days  * 
Comparable Trade Payables (days after invoice date)  0-120days  * 
             
*The company applied transitional relief available under Supplier Finance arrangements(Amendment to Ind AS 7 and Ind AS 
107)	and	has	not	provided	comparative	information	in	the	first	year	of	adoption
Non Cash Changes 
There	were	no	significant	non-cash	changes	in	the	carrying	amount	of	financial	liabilities	subject	to	supplier	finance	
arrangements.
The	payments	to	the	financial	institutions	are	included	within	the	operating	cash	flows	because	they	continue	to	be	part	of	the	
normal operating cycle of the company and their principal nature remains operating i.e. payment for the purchase of goods and 
services.
Note:- 26 Other financial liabilities  
Unclaimed dividend                  123.72                          47.36 
 
                 123.72                          47.36 
   

[page 168]
|| 165 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Particulars As at       
31st March 2026
As at
31st March 2025
Note:-27. Current/Non-current tax assets/ liabilities (net)  
Advance income tax (net of prov.)                1,122.37                               -   
               1,122.37                               -   
 
Note:- 28 Provisions  
Provision	for	Employee	benefits  
i) Provision for Gratuity (refer note 43)                      1.73                        523.51 
ii) Provision for Leave Encashment                  141.73                          95.23 
                 143.46                         618.74 
 
Note:- 29 Other Current liabilities  
Due to directors                  791.87                        834.17 
Government dues                  580.21                      1,977.28 
Other Payables                4,315.36                      2,794.01 
              5,687.44                     5,605.46 
Particulars For the Year Ended           
31st March 2026
For the Year Ended           
31st March 2025
Note:- 30 Revenue from operations
Operating revenues
Sale of products 
Export                      45,351.35                     56,117.09 
Domestic                   4,72,143.14                  3,85,359.37 
                  5,17,494.49                  4,41,476.46 
Other Operating revenue
Duty Draw back Income                          495.37                      1,169.70 
Job Work Income                          290.39                         253.67 
                         785.76                      1,423.37 
                  5,18,280.25                 4,42,899.83 
Note:- 31 Other Income
Interest income                          985.88                      1,250.12 
Profit	on	disposal	of	fixed	assets                          149.22                                -   
Miscellaneous income                            51.96                           93.79 
                      1,187.06                      1,343.91 
Note:- 32 Cost of materials consumed
Imported                      50,659.51                     46,285.44 
Indigenous                   2,95,658.24                  2,41,523.24 
                  3,46,317.75                 2,87,808.68 
Note:- 33 Change in inventories of finished goods, stock in trade and work -in-progress
Opening stock
     Finished Goods                       8,681.18                      8,515.76 
     Scrap                       2,193.87                         469.57 
     Work-in-Progress                       8,410.52                      8,310.95 
Less: Closing Stock
     Finished Goods                       8,326.27                      8,681.18 
     Scrap                       5,236.35                      2,193.87 
     Work-in-Progress                      12,185.97                      8,410.52 
                    (6,463.02)                    (1,989.29)

[page 169]
|| 166 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Particulars For the Year Ended           
31st March 2026
For the Year Ended           
31st March 2025
Note:- 34. Employee benefit expense
Salaries, Wages, Bonus & Incentives etc.                      38,301.81                     34,166.56 
Contribution to Provident and Other Funds                       1,450.36                      1,253.79 
Workmen and Staff Welfare Expenses                       1,736.40                      1,545.21 
Gratuity                          760.97                         551.61 
Employee Stock Compensation Expense (refer note 47)                          730.32                         462.86 
                    42,979.86                    37,980.03 
Note:- 35 Finance costs
a) Interest Expenses
   i) Paid to Banks
   - on Term Loan                       2,221.17                      1,946.64 
   - on Working Capital  Loan                       2,680.22                      2,702.52 
   - on Foreign Currency Loan                          129.76                         265.28 
 ii) Interest Others                       6,985.42                      6,502.28 
b) Other borrowing Charges                          305.10                         306.39 
                     12,321.67                     11,723.11 
Note. 36 Depreciation and amortisation
Property, Plant and Equipment /Intangible assets                      12,878.92                     10,100.88 
                      12,878.92                     10,100.88 
Note:- 37 Other Expenses
Store Spares Consumed :
-Imported                       3,026.71                      1,982.27 
-Indigenous                      24,521.81                     18,246.06 
Other Misc. Manufacturing Exp                       7,574.49                      6,185.42 
Power, Electricity & Water Charges  (Net)
-Manufacturing                      14,039.77                     12,728.32 
-Others                            33.32                           16.85 
Repair and Maintenance
-Plant & Machinery                       6,664.40                      5,685.52 
-Repairs & Renewals                          539.32                         605.69 
-Vehicle Running, Repair & Maintenance                            47.45                           91.27 
Rent                       1,425.88                      1,237.77 
Rates and Taxes                          180.09                         166.88 
Insurance                          775.88                         626.93 
Auditors’ Remuneration                            12.35                           12.20 
Advertisement, Publicity and Sales Promotion                              1.09                             0.63 
Travel & Conveyance
-Directors                            16.37                             7.13 
-Others                       1,481.45                      1,224.77 
Legal & Professional Charges                       1,684.51                      1,547.86 
Bad debts Written Off                                 -                               0.99 
Balances Written Back/ Off (Net)                              0.07                             0.99 
Director’s Sitting Fees                            15.90                           16.90 
Loss on Sale of Assets                                 -                             13.82 
Telephone & Communication Expenses                            50.65                           53.82 
Business Promotion                            44.85                           43.49 
Forwarding Expenses                      20,035.17                     18,835.38 
Loss/(Gain) on Foreign Exchange Fluctuation                          862.49                                -   
Miscellaneous Expenses *                       1,303.10                      1,088.00 
Total                     84,337.12                    70,418.96 
* Miscellaneous Expenses includes expenses under the Corporate Social 
responsibilities under Section 135 of Companies  Act 2013(Refer Note no 45)                          634.95                         569.04 
Payment to Auditors

[page 170]
|| 167 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
As Auditor:
Audit fee                              7.00                             7.00 
Tax audit fee                              2.00                             2.00 
Certificate	Charges	*                              3.35                             3.20 
                           12.35                           12.20 
*	Certificate	charges	includes	Rs.1.35	Lacs	for	DVA	certification	under	PLI	scheme	given	to	customers	in	FY	2025-26	and	Rs.1.20	
Lacs for FY 2024-25.
Note:- 38 Exceptional items    
              -            -   
     
Note: 39 Earnings per share (EPS)
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at 
 31st March 2025 
Earnings per share (EPS)    
Basic    
Net	Profit	as	per	profit	and	loss	account                             20,208.73                  20,995.01 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year                       15,71,23,326            15,69,29,325 
Earning per Share- Basic                                      12.86                          13.38 
Diluted    
Net	Profit	as	per	profit	and	loss	account                             20,208.73                  20,995.01 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year                       15,75,81,542            15,76,28,512 
Earning per Share- Diluted                                      12.82                          13.32 
Nominal Value of Equity Share                                        1.00                             1.00 
Note:- 40 Contingent Liabilities (To the Extent not provided for)
A) CONTINGENT LIABILITES 
Letter of Credit /Bank Guarantee Outstanding for Import /Purchase of Raw materials 
, Spares and Plant and Machinery                            6,022.11                  9,201.74 
B) COMMITMENTS
Estimated amount of Contracts remaining to be executed on account of capital 
account and not provided for ( net of advances)                          15,510.57                  9,913.74 
Note:- 41 Related party disclosure
1) Related Party Disclosure
a)  Key Managerial Personnel Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Managing Director
Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan, Deputy Managing Director (till June 10, 2024)
Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing Director (w.e.f August 29, 2024)
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive Director
Sh.	Naveen	Sorot,	Chief	Financial	Officer	(Till	September	12,	2025)
Sh. Shaman Jindal, Company Secretary (Till October 29, 2024)
Ms. Kanika Sapra, Company Secretary (w.e.f October 30, 2024)
Sh.	Rahul	Kumar,	Chief	Financial	Officer	(w.e.f	November	12,	2025)
b) Relatives of the KMP Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (Chairman; Non-Executive Director), Father of     
Sh. Dheeraj Garg
Smt. Sunena Garg, Mother of Sh. Dheeraj Garg
Ms. Priya Garg, Sister of Sh. Dheeraj Garg
Sh. Vinod Kumar Mittal, Relative of Sh. Manohar Lal Jain
c) Non-Executive and Independent Directors Sh. Sanjay Garg, Non-Executive Non Independent Director
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Independent Director
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya,  Independent Director
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta, Independent Director
Sh. Surinder Singh Virdi, Independent Director (till September 30, 2024)

[page 171]
|| 168 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna, Independent Director (w.e.f October 01, 2024)
Sh. Siddharth Bansal, Independent Director
Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy, Independent Director
d) Relatives of Non-executive Director Smt. Shallu Garg, Wife of Sh. Sanjay Garg
e) Enterprises over which key 
management personnel (KMP) and their 
relatives	are	able	to	exercise	significant	
control
SAB Industries Limited, SAB Udyog Limited, Malwa Chemtex Udyog Ltd., Steel 
Strips Financiers Pvt. Ltd., Munak International Pvt. Ltd., S.S. Credits Pvt. Ltd., S.J. 
Mercantile Pvt. Ltd, Malwa Holdings Pvt. Ltd., Munak Investment Pvt. Ltd., Steel 
Strips Holding Pvt. Ltd., Chandigarh Developers Pvt. Limited, DHG Marketing Pvt. 
Ltd ,  Munak Financiers Pvt Ltd, Chandigarh Aircraft Management Services Pvt 
Limited, Steel Strips Infrastructre Limited & Hans Raj Trust.
f) Associates Clean Max Astria Private Limited (CMAPL)  
g) Subsidiary AMW Autocomponent Limited (AACL)
h) Others Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Pvt Ltd ( Holding of “CMAPL”)
Related Party Transactions
Key 
management 
Personnel 
(KMP)
 Relatives of 
KMP/ Non-
Executive 
and 
Independent 
Directors/ 
Relatives 
of Non-
executive 
Director 
 Enterprises 
over which 
KMP are 
able to 
exercise 
significant 
influences 
 Associate 
(where 
Company 
has 
significant 
influence) 
 Subsidiary 
(Entity 
where 
control 
exists) 
 
Others 
Total for 
current 
Year  
2025-26
Total for 
Previous 
Year  
2024-25
Contribution for CSR Activities                               -                                       -   315.00                   -                      -   -            315.00              319.00 
Rent Paid                               -                                       -                              -                     -               147.44  -            147.44                42.15 
Sitting Fee                               -                    15.90                            -                     -                      -      -              15.90                16.90 
Salary including commission        1,568.90                                     -                              -                     -                      -        -          1,568.90           1,637.18 
Perquisite value on Options exercised 
during the year under Employee stock 
Option Scheme, 2021
                       162.77                                     -                              -                     -                      -   -            162.77                     -   
Issue of Equity Shares including 
Premium                          13.68                                     -                              -                     -                      -     -              13.68                     -   
Dividend Paid                        582.40 120.02 502.51                   -                      -       -          1,204.93              959.63 
Interest Recevied                               -                                       -                              -                     -               870.64 -            870.64           1,027.15 
Purchase of Power                               -                                       -                              -               584.30                    -   97.59          681.89              504.70 
Purchase of Machinery & Equipment                               -                                       -                              -                     -               168.45  -            168.45              640.10 
Sale of Machinery & Equipment                               -                                       -                              -                     -                      -           -                   -                   8.55 
Security Deposit Paid                               -                                       -                              -                     -               270.00     -            270.00                     -   
Advance given for Purchase of 
Machinery & Equipment - - - - 52.48 - 52.48 -
Refund of Advance - - - - 24.16 - 24.16 -
Purchase of Goods                               -                                       -                              -                     -                      -      -                   -                  37.15 
Investment                               -                                       -                              -                     -                      -   -                   -                693.10 
2,327.75 135.92 817.51            584.30 1,533.17 97.59        5,496.24           5,885.61 
 
OUTSTANDING BALANCES
 Key 
management 
Personnel 
(KMP) 
 Relatives of 
KMP/ Non-
Executive 
and 
Independent 
Directors/ 
Relatives 
of Non-
executive 
Director 
 Enterprises 
over which 
KMP are 
able to 
exercise 
significant 
influences 
 Associate 
(where 
Company 
has 
significant 
influence) 
 Subsidiary 
(Entity 
where 
control 
exists) 
 
Others 
 Total 
Outstanding 
as at 31st 
March 2026 
 Total 
Outstanding 
as at 31st 
March  2025 
Loan to Subsidiary                               -                                       -                              -                     -   13,315.00                    
-        13,315.00         13,315.00 
Interest on Loan to Subsidiary                               -                                       -                              -                     -               826.53                    
-            826.53  584.33 
Payables towards Purchase of 
Power                               -                                       -                              -               135.24                    -    28.43          163.67   79.16 
Security Deposit                               -                                       -                              -                     -               270.00                    
-            270.00                     -   

[page 172]
|| 169 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Salary including commission                        853.57                                     -                              -                     -                      -   -            853.57              851.51 
                       853.57                                     -                              -               135.24 14,411.53 28.43  15,428.77         14,830.00 
 
Notes:  
I)    The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions. Outstanding 
balances at the year-end are unsecured and interest free except the interest bearing loan given to subsidiary company. The 
settlement for these balances occurs through payment. The Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables relating 
to amounts owed by related parties for the year ended 31st March 2026 (31st March 2025: Nil). This assessment is undertaken 
each	financial	year	through	examining	the	financial	position	of	the	related	party	and	the	market	in	which	the	related	party	
operates.
2)  There are no outstanding loans/advances in nature of loan to Promoters, Key Management Personnel, Director, and Related 
Party (other than mentioned in Point 2 above) of the Company.
Note:- 42. Prior period comprises of the following
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at 
 31st March 2025 
Expenses
Sales tax demand                            -                     -   
Raw material Expenses                            -                     -   
Total                            -                     -   
Note:- 43. Post Retirement Benefits Plans (Ind AS 19)
Defined Benefit Plan
The Company provides for gratuity for employees as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are in continuous 
service for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of gratuity payable on retirement/termination is the employees 
last drawn basic salary per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number of years of service. For 
the funded plan the Company makes contributions to recognised funds in India. The Company does not fully fund the liability and 
maintains a target level of funding to be maintained over a period of time based on estimations of expected gratuity payments.
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at 
 31st March 2025 
(i) Changes in Defined Benefit Obligation
Present value obligation as at the start of the year                3,607.60                 3,186.56 
Interest cost                   241.35                   213.18 
Current service cost                   349.42                   503.86 
Actuarial loss/(Gains) - Experience Changes                 (564.39)                    (61.59)
Actuarial loss / (Gains)- on obligations                 (110.54)                          -   
Benefits	directly	paid	by	employer                 (197.89)                    (64.74)
Benefits	directly	paid	by	trust                         -                    (169.67)
Present value obligation as at the end of the year                3,325.55                3,607.60 
(ii) Change in fair value of plan assets
Fair value of plan assets as at the start of the year                3,088.92                 2,311.69 
Interest income on plan assets                   206.65                   154.65 
Employer Contributions                         -                     750.00 
Return on plan assets greater/(lesser) than discount Rates                    28.24                     42.25 
Benefits	paid                         -                    (169.67)
Fair value of plan assets as at the end of the year                3,323.81                3,088.92 
(iii) Breakup of Actuarial gain/loss:
Actuarial	(gain)/loss	arising	from	change	in	financial	assumption                 (110.54)                          -   
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from experience adjustment                 (564.39)                    (61.59)
Return on plan assets (greater)/less than discount rate                   (28.24)                    (42.25)
                (703.17)                  (103.84)
(iv) Net Asset / (Liability) recognised in the Balance Sheet

[page 173]
|| 170 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Present value obligation as at the end of the year               (3,325.55)               (3,607.60)
Fair value of plan assets as at the end of the year                3,323.81                 3,088.92 
Net Asset / (Liability) in the Balance Sheet                     (1.73)                  (518.67)
(v) Amount recognized in the statement of profit and loss 
Current service cost                   349.42                   503.86 
Interest cost                   241.35                   213.18 
Interest income on plan assets                 (206.65)                  (154.65)
(Income)/Expense recognised in the statement of profit and loss                   384.12                   562.39 
(vi) Remeasurements recognised in the statement of Other Comprehensive 
Income (OCI)
Changes in Financial Assumptions                 (110.54)                          -   
Experience Adjustments                 (564.39)                    (61.59)
Return on plan assets (greater)/less than discount rate                   (28.24)                    (42.25)
Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income                   703.17                   103.84 
(vii) Actuarial assumptions
Discount Rate (p.a) 7.25% 6.69%
Salary Escalation Rate (p.a) 5.96% 5.96%
Attrition (At all ages) 10.00% 10.00%
Mortality Rate
 Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality         
(2012-14) 
 Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality         
(2012-14) 
(viii) Sensitivity analysis for gratuity liability
The sensitivity of the overall plan obligations to changes in the weighted key 
assumptions are:
Present value of obligation at the end of the year
Impact of the change in Discount rate (p.a)
Impact due to decrease of  1%                   204.49                   181.16 
Impact due to increase of  1%                 (182.13)                  (232.27)
Impact of change in Salary Escalation rate (p.a)
Impact due to increase of  1%                   193.62                   181.14 
Impact due to decrease of  1%                 (176.60)                  (234.97)
Weighted average duration of defined plan obligation at the end of reporting period  6.57 Years  5.73 Years 
Note:- 44. Segment Reporting
A) PRIMARY SEGMENT (BUSINESS SEGMENT)
A business segment is a distinguishable component of an enterprise that is engaged in providing an individual product or service 
or a group of related products or services and that is subject to risks and returns that are different from those of other business 
segments. The Company’s Operation predominantly comprise of only one segment i.e Manufacturing of Auto-Components. In 
view of the same, separate segmental information is not required to be given as per the requirements of IND AS 108 “Operating 
Segments”
B) SECONDARY SEGMENT (GEOGRAPHICAL SEGMENT)
The analysis of geographical segment is based on the geographical location of the customers. The Company operates primarily 
in India and has presence in international markets as well. Its business is accordingly aligned geographically, catering to two 
markets. The Company has considered domestic and exports markets as geographical segments and accordingly disclosed 
these as separate segments. 

[page 174]
|| 171 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
PARTICULARS  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at 
 31st March 2025 
GROSS SALE REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL SEGMENT
WITHIN INDIA                  5,64,125.65           4,91,043.81 
OUTSIDE INDIA                     45,351.35              56,117.09 
TOTAL                 6,09,477.00           5,47,160.90 
The	Company	has	common	fixed	assets,	other	assets	and	liabilities	for	domestic	as	well	as	overseas	market.	Hence,	separate	
figures	for	assets	and	liabilities	have	not	been	furnished.
Note: 45. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY EXPENSES  
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
A) Gross amount required to be spent by the 
Company* 552.67 562.94
B) Amount approved by the Board to be spent 634.95 569.04
C) Amount spent during the year on: In Cash
Yet to be 
paid in 
cash
Total In Cash
Yet to be 
paid in 
cash 
Total
i) Construction/Acquisition of any assets 407.17            -   407.17 432.67                        -      432.67 
ii) Purposes other than (i) above      227.78                    -      227.78  136.37                        -   136.37 
Total amount spent during the year 634.95                -    634.95 569.04                        -   569.04 
             
D) Related party transactions in relation to Corporate Social Responsibility:
Contribution to Hansraj Trust (HRT) 315.00            -   315.00 319.00                        -   319.00
     
However, the HRT has spent Rs. 314.68 Lakhs and Rs.314.84 Lakhs only towards the CSR Activities for the FY 2025-26 and 
FY 2024-25, respectively, as against to the amount contributed by the Company. Accordingly, the Company has considered the 
amount actually spent by HRT towards the CSR Activities.
E) Amount earmarked for ongoing project: NIL  NIL 
F) Details of excess amount spent Opening 
Balance  
Amount required 
to be spent during 
the year
Amount 
actually spent 
during the year
Closing 
Balance
Details of excess amount spent for the FY 2025-26 78.37 552.67 634.95 160.65
Details of excess amount spent for the FY 2024-25 72.27 562.94 569.04 78.37
G) Nature of CSR activities undertaken by the Company:
     The CSR initiatives of the Company aim towards inclusive development of the communities largely around the vicinity of its 
plants	and	Corporate	office.	During	the	year	under	review,	the	Company	has	undertaken	intiatives	in	the	areas	of	promotion	
of education, sanitation and cleanliness, healthcare facilities including preventive health care, ensuring Environment 
Sustainability through a range of structured interventions, Green area development, rural development and promotion of 
nationally recognized sports as well as rural sports.
H)	There	is	no	unspent	amount	at	the	end	of	the	year	to	be	deposited	in	specified	fund	of	Schedule	VII	under	Section	135(5)	of	
the Companies Act, 2013.
I)   Since there were no ongoing projects of the company in the FY 2025-26, no amount is required to be transferred to a special 
account in compliance of Section 135(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.
*During	the	financial	year	2024-25,	an	amount	of	Rs.	78.37	lakhs	was	spent	in	excess	towards	the	Company’s	CSR	obligation	
for	the	FY	2024-25	which	was	available	for	set-off	with	the	Company’s	CSR	obligation	for	the	FY	2025-26.	Thus,	the	net	CSR	
obligation	of	the	Company	for	the	FY	2025-26	was	Rs.	474.29	lakhs.
*During	the	financial	year	2023-24,	an	amount	of	Rs.	72.27	lakhs	was	spent	in	excess	towards	the	Company’s	CSR	obligation	
for	the	FY	2023-24	which	was	available	for	set-off	with	the	Company’s	CSR	obligation	for	the	FY	2024-25.	Thus,	the	net	CSR	
obligation	of	the	Company	for	the	FY	2024-25	was	Rs.	490.67	lakhs.
 
Note: 46. Securities and Terms of repayments for Secured Long term borrowings

[page 175]
|| 172 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
1) Nature of Securities
a) Rupee Term Loans/ Foreign currency term loan/ NBFC
Term	Loans	from	banks,	financial	institutions	and	others	are	secured	/	to	be	secured	by	equitable	mortgage	created/	to	be	created	
by deposit of title deeds of  the  Company’s immovable properties for Dappar( In Punjab),Oragadam( In Chennai) & Seraikella(In 
Jharkhand) in addition to the deed of hypothecation charging Company’s moveable properties, both present and future and 
second	charge	created	/	to	be	created	on	raw	materials,	semi-finished	goods,	consumable	stores,	finished	goods	and	book	debts	
etc on paripassu basis. However in regard to term loan taken from Banks/Financial Institutions for Mehsana (Gujarat) project, 
the	said	loan	will	be	secured	(first	charge)	through	equitable	mortgage	by	deposit	of	title	deeds	of		the		Company’s	immovable	
properties situated at Mehsana (in Gujarat) and Second pari passu charge on all other immovable properties , movable properties 
and current assets situated at  Dappar( In Punjab),Oragadam( In Chennai) unit,  & Seraikella(In Jharkhand).
All secured loans are further secured by personal guarantee of Managing Director of the Company.
2) Terms of Repayments  
Maturity	Profile	of	Secured	Term	Loans	are	as	below	:  
Particulars  1st year  2nd year  3rd year  4th year  5th year 
Term Loans - Current Year 10,626.39 9,381.12   7,817.84 4,923.55    3,781.21 
Term Loans - Previous Year 9,246.43   9,947.24 7,891.80    5,766.02 2,590.42 
3) Detail of Interest Capitalized during the year
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at   
31st March 2025 
Interest Capitalized during the year                     6.71                  1,256.05 
Note 47. Employee stock option plan
Share Reserved for Issue under Options outstanding as at the end of the year on unissued share capital
 As on 1st April, 2025, the company had 1 (one) ongoing employee Stock Options scheme i.e Steel Strips Wheels Limted- 
Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 2021).
Steel Strips Wheels Limited- Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 2021)
The Company has an ongoing Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS) titled as “Steel Strips Wheels Limited - Employee Stock 
Option Scheme, 2021” (“ESOS 2021” or “the scheme”) formulated in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Share	Based	Employee	Benefits	and	Sweat	Equity)	Regulations,	2021	{SEBI(SBEB&SE)Regulations,	2021}	which	was	approved	
by the Board of Directors and subsequently by shareholders of the Company at their 35th Annual General Meeting(AGM) held on 
30.09.2021, authorizing the company to create, offer, issue and grant, in one or more tranches, up to 5,00,000 options (now 50,00,000 
options	i.e.	adjusted	figure	after	the	sub-division	of	equity	shares)	to	the	employees	of	the	company.
As per the terms of the Scheme, all the options granted on any date shall vest not earlier than 1 (one) year and not later than 
a maximum of 4 (four) years from the respective date of grant of options as may be determined by Employee Compensation 
Committee (ECC), and each option would entitle the holder thereof to subscribe equal number of equity shares of face value 
(FV)	Rs.	10/-	each(now	FV	Rs.	1/-	i.e.	adjusted	figure	after	the	sub-division	of	equity	shares)	at	an	exercise	price	as	may	be	
determined by the ECC/ Board of Directors of the Company. Further, the Exercise period would commence from the date of 
vesting	and	will	expire	on	completion	of	5	(five)	years	from	the	respective	date	of	grant	or	such	other	shorter	period	as	may	be	
decided by “ECC” from time to time.
Thereafter, the ECC in its meeting held on 17.11.2022 had granted 500000 options (Tranche 1) to the employees of the Company. 
Each option entitled the holder thereof to subscribe one equity share of FV Rs. 1/- each at an exercise price of Rs. 20/- per share 
of the company. Out of these options, 416125 options were allotted on 12.12.2023 and 4750 options were forfeited by the ECC 
in its meeting held on 16.03.2024. Further, on 16.03.2024, ECC granted 200000 options (Tranche 2) to the employees of the 
Company.
During the financial year 2024-25:
•    The Options granted by ECC under Tranche 2 of ESOS 2021 on 16.03.2024, vested on 16.03.2025 i.e. after completion of 
one(1) year from the date of grant and exercise period commenced from date of vesting and will expire on completion of 5 
years from the date of grant.

[page 176]
|| 173 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
•    The ECC in its meeting held on 13.03.2025 have granted 5,00,000 (Tranche 3) stock options to eligible employees of the 
company in accordance with ESOS 2021.  Each option shall entitle the holder to acquire one (1) equity share of face value 
Re. 1/- each of the Company at an exercise price of Rs. 20/- per equity share. As decided by the ECC, the Options granted 
shall vest on 13.03.2026 i.e. after completion of one(1) year from the date of grant and exercise period would commence from 
date of vesting and will expire on completion of 5 years from the date of grant.
During the financial year 2025-26:
•    The Allotment Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on 23.06.2025 had allotted 251100 
equity shares (Tranche 1 & 2) of FV of Rs. 1/- each for cash at an Exercise price of Rs. 20/- per equity share of the company 
to the employees of the company who had exercised their stock options under the ESOS 2021.
•    The ECC in its meeting held on 15.09.2025 had forfeited 20000 options out of total outstanding stock options granted under 
Tranche 3 of ESOS 2021, as the employee to whom these options were granted had left the company. Accordingly, 480000 
vested options under Tranche 3 were eligible for exercise at the end of the FY 2025-26.
The Number and Weighted average exercise price of Stock Option are as follows:
Particulars
 
Year ended 31st March 2026
Tranche 1 
(Total 500000 options granted 
on 17.11.2022)
Tranche 2 
(Total 200000 options granted 
on 16.03.2024)
Tranche 3 
(Total 500000 options granted 
on 13.03.2025)
Options
Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price
Options
Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price
Options
Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price
Number Amount Number Amount Number Amount
Outstanding at the Beginning of the 
year 79125 20 200000 20 500000 20
Granted Options NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Forfeited during the year NIL NIL NIL NIL 20000 20
Exercised during the year 79125 20 171975 20 NIL NIL
Expired during the year NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Outstanding at the end of year NIL NIL 28025 20 480000 20
Exercisable at the end of the year NIL NIL 28025 20 480000 20
Number of Equity shares of Re. 
1/- each fully paidup to be issued on 
exercise of option 
NIL NIL 28025 20 480000 20
Weighted Average share price in 
respect of options excercised during 
the year
79125 257.65 171975 257.65 NA NA
Weighted average remaining 
contractual life  (in years) - -
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
             
The Number and Weighted average exercise price of Stock Option are as follows:  
Particulars
Year ended 31.03.2025
Tranche 1 
(Total 500000 options granted 
on 17.11.2022)
Tranche 2 
(Total 200000 options granted 
on 16.03.2024)
Tranche 3 
(Total 500000 options granted 
on 13.03.2025)
Options
Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price
Options
Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price
Options
Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price
Number Amount Number Amount Number Amount
Outstanding at the Beginning of the year 79125 20 200000 20 NIL NIL

[page 177]
|| 174 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Granted Options NIL NIL NIL NIL 500000 20
Forfeited during the year NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Exercised during the year NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Expired during the year NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Outstanding at the end of year 79125 20 200000 20 500000 20
Exercisable at the end of the year 79125 20 200000 20 NIL NIL
Number of Equity shares of Re. 
1/- each fully paidup to be issued on 
exercise of option 
79125 20 200000 20 500000 20
Weighted Average share price in 
respect of options excercised during 
the year
NA NA NA NA NA NA
Weighted average remaining 
contractual life  (in years)
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
3. Impact of fair Valuation method on Net Profit under EPS
In March 2005, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India had issued a guidance note on “Accounting for Employees 
Share based payments” applicable to Employee based share plan, the grant date in respect of which falls on or after April 
1, 2005. The said guidance notes requires the Pro-forma Disclosures of the impact of fair value method of accounting of 
Employee	stock	Compensation	accounting	in	the	financial	statements.	The	employee	compensation	cost	was	calculated	by	an	
Independent Valuer using the fair value method of accounting to account for the options granted under “ESOS 2021” therefore 
there	will	not	be	any	impact	on	profits	and	EPS	of	the	company.
4.  Weighted Average fair value of options granted under ESOS 2021 during the year : NA (No additional options were granted 
during	the	financial	year	under	review.)
5.		The	fair	Value	of	the	Options,	is	estimated	on	the	date	of	grant	using	the	black-	scholes	model	with	the	following	significant	
assumptions.
Particulars ESOS 2021 
(2025-26)
ESOS 2021 
(2024-25)
Weighted average Risk free interest rates ( in %)
No options 
were granted 
during the year 
2025-26
6.64%
Weighted average Expected life 5 years
Weighted average Volatility (in %) 41.38%
Weighted average Dividend Yield (%) 0.44%
Weighted average Exercise price Rs. 20.00
The Price of the underline share in market at the time of Option grant Rs. 171.86
Weighted average Fair Value of the Options Rs. 153.64
The volatility of the options is based on the historical volatility of the share price applicable to the total expected life of each option.
6.			No	Shares	out	of	the	issued,	subscribed	and	paid-up	Share	Capital	were	alloted	as	Bonus	Shares	in	the	last	five	years	by	
capitalization of Securities Premium Reserves.
7.			No	Shares	out	of	the	issued	,	subscribed	and	paid-up	Share	Capital	were	alloted	in	the	last	five	years	pursuant	to	the	various	
scheme of amalgamation without payment being received  in cash.
Note:- 48. Financial risk management objectives and policies
The	Company’s	principal	financial	liabilities	comprise	loans	and	borrowings,	trade	and	other	payables.	The	main	purpose	of	these	
financial	liabilities	is	to	finance	the	Company’s	operations	and	to	support	its	operations.	The	Company’s	financial	assets	include	
loans, trade and other receivables, and cash & cash equivalents that derive directly from its operations.
The Company is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The company’s senior management oversees the 
management of these risks. The company’s senior management is supported by a Business Risk Management committee 
that	advises	on	financial	risks	and	the	appropriate	financial	risk	governance	framework	for	the	Company.	This	Business	Risk	
Management	committee	provides	assurance	to	the	Company’s	senior	management	that	the	Company’s	financial	risk	activities	
are	governed	by	appropriate	policies	and	procedure	and	that	financial	risks	are	identified,	measured	and	managed	in	accordance	
with the Company’s policies and risk objectives. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each risk, which 
are summarised as below:

[page 178]
|| 175 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless stated otherwise)
 Market risk
a) Price Risk
Fluctuation in commodity price in global market affects directly and indirectly the price of raw material and components used by 
the Company in its products. The key raw material for the Company’s business is HR  Steel & Aluminium Ingot. The Company 
has arrangements with its major customers for passing on the price impact. The Company is also regularly taking initiatives like 
VA VE ( value addition, value engineering ) to reduce its raw material costs to meet targets set up by its customers for cost downs. 
b) Interest rate risk
Interest	rate	risk	is	the	risk	that	the	fair	value	or	future	cash	flows	of	a	financial	instrument	will	fluctuate	because	of	changes	in	
market interest rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s 
long	term	debt	obligations	with	floating	interest	rates.	The	Company	is	carrying	its	borrowings	primarily	at	variable	rate.	
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at 
 31st March 2025 
Variable rate borrowings                       27,593.18               27,862.15 
Fixed rate borrowings                                       -                                 -   
Total Borrowings                       27,593.18               27,862.15 
Interest rate sensitivity
For the Purpose of computing interest rate sensitivity on the above borrowings, management has estimated a reasonably possible 
change in interest rate as 50bps based on current as well as expected economic conditions. This analysis is based on Long Term 
Risk exposures outstanding at the reporting date and assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency exchange 
rates, remains constant. The period and balances are not necessarily representative of the average amounts outstanding during 
the periods.
Impact on Profits As at  
31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
50	bp	decrease	would	Increase	the	profit	before	tax	by                              138                       139 
50	bp	increase	would	decrease	the	profit	before	tax	by                            (138)                     (139)
c) Foreign currency risks
The company tries to manage the foreign currency risk by attaining natural hedge. The company also does selective hedging to 
hedge its risk associated with foreign currency and to address the timing difference in foreign currency collections & payments. 
i) The derivative outstanding as at the reporting date is as follows:-
Category Wise Quantitative Data
As at  
31st March 2026
Amount in Foreign 
Currency (lacs)
Forward Contracts, Options  
Forward Contract Against USD/INR (USD Sell)                                 596.95 
Forward Contract Against EUR/USD (Euro Sell)                                     0.38 
Forward Contract Against EUR/USD (Euro Buy)                                 182.76 
Forward Contract Against USD/INR (USD Buy)                                     0.34 
Put & Call Options Against (USD/INR)                                 250.00 
Foreign Currency option contracts mature within 12 months
ii) Mark to market losses / (gain) on Forwards/Options
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
Mark to Market losses/(gain)                              3,241.87 

[page 179]
|| 176 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
  d) Credit risk
  The	credit	risk	is	the	risk	of	financial	loss	to	the	Company	if	a	customer	or	counterparty	to	a	financial	instrument	fails	to	meet	
its contractual obligations towards the Company and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers 
and deposits with banking institutions. The maximum amount of the credit exposure is equal to the carrying amounts of 
these receivables.
The Company has developed guidelines for the management of credit risk from trade receivables. The Company’s primary 
customers are major Indian automobile manufacturers (OEMs) with good credit ratings. Non-OEM clients are subjected to 
credit assessments as a precautionary measure, and the adherence of all clients to payment due dates is monitored on 
an on-going basis, thereby practically eliminating the risk of default. The Company has deposited liquid funds at various 
banking institutions. Primary banking institutions are major Indian and foreign banks. In long term credit ratings these 
banking	institutions	are	considered	to	be	investment	grade.	Also,	no	impairment	loss	has	been	recorded	in	respect	of	fixed	
deposits that are with recognised commercial banks and are not past due.
 
 
 
 
 
 
  e) Liquidity risk
  The	liquidity	risk	encompasses	any	risk	that	the	Company	cannot	fully	meet	its	financial	obligations.	To	manage	the	liquidity	
risk,	cash	flow	forecasting	is	performed	in	the	operating	divisions	of	the	Company	and	aggregated	by	Company	finance.	
The	Company’s	finance	monitors	rolling	forecasts	of	the	Company’s	liquidity	requirements	to	ensure	it	has	sufficient	cash	
to	meet	operational	needs	while	maintaining	sufficient	headroom	in	its	undrawn	committed	borrowing	facilities	/	overdraft	
facilities at all times so that the Company does not breach borrowing limits or covenants (where applicable) on any of its 
borrowing facilities.
 
 
 
  Year Ended March 31, 2026 Upto 1 Year Above 1 Years Total
  Non - derivatives      
  Borrowings         54,996.94 27,593.18                     82,590.12 
  Trade Payables     1,00,177.23                                        -   1,00,177.23 
  Other Financial Liabilities                                             -                1,706.59                      1,706.59 
  Total Non Derivative Liabilities       1,55,174.17 29,299.77 1,84,473.94 
         
  Year Ended March 31, 2025      
  Non - derivatives      
  Borrowings                   54,881.22  27,862.15                     82,743.37 
  Trade Payables     75,207.53                                        -                       75,207.53 
  Other Financial Liabilities                                             -          2,038.74                      2,038.74 
  Total Non Derivative Liabilities   1,30,088.75 29,900.89 1,59,989.64 
         
  Year Ended March 31, 2024      
  Non - derivatives      
  Borrowings                     66,656.60        38,136.57 1,04,793.17 
  Trade Payables 59,990.81                                        -                       59,990.81 
  Other Financial Liabilities             43.65                1,931.85                      1,975.50 
  Total Non Derivative Liabilities 1,26,691.06            40,068.42 1,66,759.48 
Note:- 49 Capital Management
a) Risk Management
The Company’s objectives when managing capital is to safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can 
continue	to	provide	returns	for	shareholders	and	benefits	for	other	stakeholders,	and	maintain	an	optimal	capital	structure	to	
reduce the cost of capital. Consistent with peers in the industry, the Company monitors Net Debt to EBITDA ratio i.e. Net Debt 
(Total	Borrowings	net	of	Cash	and	Cash	Equivalents)	divided	by	EBITDA	(Profit	before	tax	plus	depreciation	and	amortization	
expense plus Finance costs).
The Company’s strategy is to ensure that the Net Debt to EBITDA is managed at an optimal level considering the above 
factors. The Net Debt to EBITDA ratios were as follows:
 Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
As at 
31st March 2025
Net Debt                                  81,937.98                            82,436.74 
EBITDA                                  52,295.60                            50,025.36 
Net Debt/EBITDA                                          1.57                                     1.65 

[page 180]
|| 177 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
b) Loan covenants
Under	the	terms	of	the	major	borrowing	facilities,	the	Company	is	required	to	comply	with	certain	financial	covenants	and	the	
Company has complied with those covenants throughout the reporting period.
Note:- 50.  Income Tax Expenses
The major components of income tax expense for the years ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 are:
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
(A) Income tax expense in the statement of profit and loss comprises:
Current income tax charged                 6,516.00                      6,602.85 
Adjustment in respect of current income tax of previous year                       8.01                           (2.69)
Total Current Income tax.                 6,524.01                      6,600.16 
     
Deferred Tax charge / (credit)    
Relating to origination, Timing Difference and reversal on account of new tax rates                    362.27                        606.20 
 Income tax expense reported in the statement of profit or loss                 6,886.28                     7,206.36 
     
B)Other Comprehensive Income    
Tax expense related to items recognised in Other comprehensive income 
during the year:    
Deferred	tax	on	re-measurement	loss	on	defined	benefit	plan 25.47                         (26.14)
Deferred tax on re-measurement gain on fair value of investment                                -                                       -   
Income tax related to items recognised in Other comprehensive income 
during the year                     25.47                        (26.14)
     
C) Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied  
by India’s domestic tax rate    
Accounting profit before tax               27,095.01                    28,201.37 
Applicable tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Computed Tax Expense                 6,819.27                     7,097.72 
Tax effect on Below items    
Tax Impact on Depreciation/ Temporary Difference                           -                            12.35 
Tax impact of additional deductions allowable under Income Tax Act.                    (83.85)                         (37.14)
Tax impact of items not deductible in calculating the taxable income                    142.85                        136.12 
Adjustment in respect of current income tax of previous year                       8.01                           (2.69)
Income tax charged to Statement of Profit and Loss at effective  
rate of 25.42% (31 March 2025: 25.55%)             6,886.28                  7,206.36 
Notes:
I)	Effective	tax	rate	has	been	calculated	on	profit	before	tax.
Note 51  The following is the analysis of deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
Recognised in profit and loss account and other comprehensive income
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) in 
relation to:
As at 31st March 
2025
Credit /(charge) 
to Profit or Loss.
Credit /(charge) 
to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
As at 31st March 
2026
 Property, plant and equipment                         (15,380.38)                        (383.36)                          -                    (15,763.74)
 Intangible assets                                (32.14)                                -                             -                           (32.14)
 Provision for Gratuity                                 43.95                           (80.30)                   433.39                        397.04 
 Provision for Leave Encashment                              (102.21)                           62.89                           -                           (39.31)
 Provision for Bonus                                (29.77)                           36.11                           -                              6.35 
 Recognized through OCI                               234.47                                 -                             -                          234.47 
                          ( 1 5 , 2 6 6 . 0 7 )                       (364.66)                  433.39                  (15,197.33)

[page 181]
|| 178 ||
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
 Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) in 
relation to: 
 As at 31st March 
2024 
 Credit /(charge) 
to Profit or Loss 
 Credit /(charge) 
to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
 As at 31st March 
2025 
 Property, plant and equipment                         (14,880.67)                        (499.71)                          -                    (15,380.38)
 Intangible assets                                (32.14)                                -                             -                           (32.14)
 Provision for Gratuity                                 67.75                           (49.93)                    26.13                          43.95 
 Provision for Leave Encashment                                (57.41)                          (44.80)                          -                         (102.21)
 Provision for Bonus                                (18.00)                          (11.77)                          -                           (29.77)
 Recognized through OCI                               234.47                                 -                             -                          234.47 
                          ( 1 4 , 6 8 6 . 0 0 )                       (606.20)                     26.13                  (15,266.07)
Deferred tax balances (Net)
 Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at 
31st March 2025 
 As at 
31st March 2024 
(a) Deferred tax assets                                       637.86                                 278.41                      1,095.00 
(b) Deferred tax liabilities                                  15,835.20                            15,544.48                     15,781.00 
Net Deferred Tax Asset/(Liability)                         ( 1 5 , 1 9 7 . 3 3 )                   (15,266.07)            (14,686.00)
Note:- 52. Financial Ratios are as below  
 
Particular Numerator Denominator
For the Year 
Ended 31st 
March 2026
For the Year 
Ended 31st 
March 2025
Variation in 
%age Remarks
Current Ratio Current Assets
Current Liabilities 
(Excluding Current 
Maturities of Long 
Term Debt)
                      
1.17 
                           
1.11 5.47%  
Debt Equity Ratio
Long Term 
Debt(Excluding Current 
Maturities of Long Term 
Debt)
Shareholder’s 
Equity(Excluding 
Revaluation Reserve)
                      
0.16 
                           
0.19 -12.21%  
Debt Service Coverage 
ratio
Net	profit	after	taxes	 
+ Non-cash operating 
expenses+	finance	cost
Debt service = 
Finance Cost + 
Schedule Repayment 
(Excluding 
Prepayment)
                      
2.11 
                           
1.92 9.54%  
Return on Equity Ratio Net	Profit	after	taxes Average 
shareholder’s Equity 12.74% 15.08% -15.55%  
Inventory turnover 
Ratio( in Days) Average Inventory Sale of Products in 
Days
                    
59.71 
                         
59.34 0.62%  
Trade Receivable ratio
(in Days) Average trade Receivable Gross Revenue from 
Operations
                    
32.80 
                         
30.89 6.18%  
Trade Payable Turnover 
ratio( in Days) Average Trade Payable
Total Expenses 
- Finance Cost 
- Depreciation - 
Employee	Benefit	
Expense
                    
75.64 
                         
69.29 9.16%  
Net Capital Turnover 
ratio( in Days)
Working Capital(Current 
Assets- Current 
Liabilities(Excluding 
Current Maturities of Long 
Term Debt))
Net Sales = Total 
Sales - Sales Return
                    
17.93 
                         
11.24 59.44%  
Net	Profit	ratio Net	profit	after	taxes	 Net Sales = Total 
Sales - Sales Return 3.90% 4.74% -17.74%  
Return on Capital 
Employed
Profit	before	interest	and	
taxes
Capital 
Employed=Tangible 
Net Worth + Long 
Term Debt Including 
Current Maturities of 
Long Term Debt
18.62% 20.85% -10.70%  

[page 182]
|| 179 ||
NOTE 53 ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE III OF COMPANIES ACT, 2013
I)   The Company does not have any Benami Property where any proceedings have been initiated or are pending against the 
Company for holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules made 
there under. II)		The	Company	has	not	been	declared	wilful	defaulter	by	any	bank	or	financial	institution	or	government	or	any	government	
authority.
III)  The Company do not have any balance with the companies struck off under section 248 of Companies Act, 2013 or section 
560 of Companies Act, 1956.
IV)  The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.
 V) The Company has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current or previous 
financial	year.
VI) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person or entity, including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall  a.				directly	or	indirectly	lend	or	invest	in	other	persons	or	entities	identified	in	any	manner	whatsoever	by	or	on	behalf	of	
the	group	(Ultimate	Beneficiaries)	or
	b.				provide	any	guarantee,	security	or	the	like	to	or	on	behalf	of	the	ultimate	beneficiaries
VII) The Company has not received any fund from any person or entity, including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
a.					directly	or	indirectly	lend	or	invest	in	other	persons	or	entities	identified	in	any	manner	whatsoever	by	or	on	behalf	of	the	
Funding	Party	(Ultimate	Beneficiaries)	or
b.					provide	any	guarantee,	security	or	the	like	on	behalf	of	the	ultimate	beneficiaries
 (VIII)   The Company does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered 
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as search or survey 
or any other relevant provision of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
(IX) The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year.
(X)   The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible assets or both 
during the current or previous year.
(XI)    The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with the Registrar of Companies 
beyond the statutory period.
	(XII)			The	borrowings	obtained	by	the	Company	from	banks	and	financial	institutions	have	been	applied	for	the	purposes	for	
which such loans were taken.
NOTE  54-Other
The Company has established a comprehensive system of maintenance of information and documents as required by the transfer 
pricing legislation under section 92-92F of the Income Tax Act, 1961. The management is of the opinion that its transactions 
with	the	associated	enterprises	are	at	arm’s	length	so	that	the	aforesaid	legislation	will	not	have	any	impact	on	the	financial	
statements, particularly on the amount of tax expense and that of provision for taxation.
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements   (1-54)
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board
 
For  AKR & Associates Sanjay Garg Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Ajit Singh Chatha Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Virander Kumar Arya
Shashi Bhushan Gupta  Mohan	Joshi
Sukhvinder Khanna Deputy Managing Director 
Deva Bharathi Reddy  
per Kailash Kumar Directors Manohar lal Jain
Partner Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 183]
|| 180 ||
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S 
                                                  REPORT
To The Members of 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Opinion
 We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements of Steel Strips Wheels Limited  (“the Holding 
Company”) and its subsidiary (the Holding Company and its subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”), including an 
associate company, which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, and the Consolidated Statement 
of	Profit	and	Loss	(including	other	comprehensive	income),	Consolidated	Statement	of	Changes	in	Equity	and	Consolidated	
Cash	Flow	Statement	for	the	year	then	ended,	and	notes	to	the	consolidated	Ind	AS	financial	statements	including	a	summary	
of	material	accounting	policies	and	other	explanatory	information	(hereinafter	referred	to	as	“Consolidated	Ind	AS	financial	
statements”).
	 In	 our	opinion	and	to	the	best	of	our	information	and	according	to	the	explanations	given	to	us	and	on	the	other	financial	
information	of	the	associates	company,	the	aforesaid	consolidated	financial	statements	give	the	information	required	by	the	
Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the 
accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group, and its associate company 
as	at	31st	March	2026,	their	consolidated	profit	including	other	comprehensive	income,	their	consolidated	cash	flows	and	the	
consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended on that date.
2. Basis for Opinion
	 We	 conducted	our	audit	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	the	Standards	on	Auditing	(SAs),	as	
specified	under	Section	143(10)	of	the	Act.	Our	responsibilities	under	those	Standards	are	further	described	in	the	‘Auditor’s	
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements’ section of our report. We are independent of the Group, 
associate company in accordance with the ‘Code of Ethics’ issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together 
with	the	ethical	requirements	that	are	relevant	to	our	audit	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	under	the	provisions	of	the	
Act	and	the	Rules	thereunder,	and	we	have	fulfilled	our	other	ethical	responsibilities	in	accordance	with	these	requirements	and	
the	Code	of	Ethics.	We	believe	that	the	audit	evidence	we	have	obtained	is	sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide	a	basis	for	our	
audit	opinion	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements.
3. Key Audit Matters
	 Key	 audit	matters	are	those	matters	that,	in	our	professional	judgement,	were	of	most	significance	in	our	audit	of	the	consolidated	
financial	statements	of	the	current	period.	These	matters	were	addressed	in	the	context	of	our	audit	of	the	consolidated	financial	
statements, as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have 
determined that there are no key audit matters to be communicated in our report. 
4. Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
•	 The Holding Company’s Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other information 
comprises	the	information	included	in	the	Holding	Company’s	Annual	Report,	but	does	not	include	the	Consolidated	financial	
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
•	 Our	opinion	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements	does	not	cover	the	other	information	and	we	do	not	express	any	form	
of assurance conclusion thereon.
•	 In	connection	with	our	audit	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	our	responsibility	is	to	read	the	other	information	and,	
in	doing	so,	consider	whether	such	other	information	is	materially	inconsistent	with	the	consolidated	financial	statements	or	
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
•	 If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 184]
|| 181 ||
5. Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements
	 The	 Holding	Company’s	Board	of	Directors	is	responsible	for	the	preparation	and	presentation	of	these	consolidated	financial	
statements	in	terms	of	the	requirements	of	the	Act	that	give	a	true	and	fair	view	of	the	consolidated	financial	position,	consolidated	
financial	performance	including	other	comprehensive	income,	consolidated	cash	flows	and	consolidated	statement	of	changes	
in equity of the Group including its Associate in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including 
the	Indian	Accounting	Standards	(Ind	AS)	specified	under	Section	133	of	the	Act	read	with	the	Companies	(Indian	Accounting	
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its 
Associate are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding of the assets of their respective companies and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; 
and	the	design,	implementation	and	maintenance	of	adequate	internal	financial	controls,	that	were	operating	effectively	
for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the 
consolidated	financial	statements	that	give	a	true	and	fair	view	and	are	free	from	material	misstatement,	whether	due	to	fraud	
or	error,	which	have	been	used	for	the	purpose	of	preparation	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	by	the	Directors	of	the	
Holding Company, as aforesaid.
	 In	 preparing	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	the	respective	Board	of	Directors	of	the	companies	included	in	the	Group	
and of its Associate are responsible for assessing the ability of their respective companies to continue as a going concern, 
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management 
either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
 Those respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its Associate are also responsible for 
overseeing	the	financial	reporting	process	of	their	respective	companies.
6. Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
	 Our	 objectives	are	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	consolidated	financial	statements	as	a	whole	are	
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material	if,	individually	or	in	the	aggregate,	they	could	reasonably	be	expected	to	influence	the	economic	decisions	of	users	
taken	on	the	basis	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.	
 As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout 
the audit. We also:
• Identify	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	
error,	design	and	perform	audit	procedures	responsive	to	those	risks,	and	obtain	audit	evidence	that	is	sufficient	and	
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher 
than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether 
the	Holding	Company	and	its	subsidiary	company	which	are	incorporated	in	India,	has	adequate	internal	financial	controls	
system	with	reference	to	financial	statements	in	place	and	the	operating	effectiveness	of	such	controls
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence	obtained,	whether	a	material	uncertainty	exists	related	to	events	or	conditions	that	may	cast	significant	doubt	on	
the ability of the Group and its associate to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we	are	required	to	draw	attention	in	our	auditor’s	report	to	the	related	disclosures	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up 
to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and its associate to cease to 
continue as a going concern.

[page 185]
|| 182 ||
• Evaluate	the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	including	the	disclosures,	
and	whether	the	consolidated	financial	statements	represent	the	underlying	transactions	and	events	in	a	manner	that	
achieves fair presentation.
• Obtain	sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	regarding	the	financial	information	of	the	entities	or	business	activities	within	
the	Group	and	its	associate	of	which	we	are	the	independent	auditors,	to	express	an	opinion	on	the	consolidated	financial	
statements.	We	are	responsible	for	the	direction,	supervision	and	performance	of	the	audit	of	the	financial	statements	of	such	
entities	included	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	of	which	we	are	the	independent	auditors.	For	the	other	entities	
included	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	which	have	been	audited	by	other	auditors,	such	other	auditors	remain	
responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for 
our audit opinion.
 We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities included in the 
consolidated	financial	statements	of	which	we	are	the	independent	auditors	regarding,	among	other	matters,	the	planned	scope	
and	timing	of	the	audit	and	significant	audit	findings,	including	any	significant	deficiencies	in	internal	control	that	we	identify	
during our audit.
 We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards
	 From	 the	matters	communicated	with	those	charged	with	governance,	we	determine	those	matters	that	were	of	most	significance	
in	the	audit	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	of	the	current	period	and	are	therefore	the	key	audit	matters.	We	describe	
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely 
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences 
of	doing	so	would	reasonably	be	expected	to	outweigh	the	public	interest	benefits	of	such	communication.
7. Other Matters
	 The	 consolidated	financial	statements/	financial	information	of	the	one	subsidiary	reflects	total	assets	of	Rs.	2020.10	Lakhs	as	at	
March	31,	2026,	total	revenue	of	NIL,	total	comprehensive	income/loss	(comprising	of	profit	and	other	comprehensive	income)	
of	Rs.	(1188.15)	Lakhs	and	net	cash	flows	amounting	to	Rs.	(215.00)	Lakhs	for	the	year	ended	on	that	date,	as	considered	in	the	
consolidated	financial	statements.	The	consolidated	financial	statements	also	include	the	Group’s	share	of	total	comprehensive	
income	of	Rs.	1.22	Lakhs	for	the	year	ended	March	31,	2026	as	considered	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	in	respect	
of	one	associate,	whose	financial	statements,	other	financial	information	have	been	audited	by	other	auditor	and	whose	report	
have	been	furnished	to	us	by	the	Management.	Our	opinion	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	in	so	far	as	it	relates	to	
the amounts and disclosures included in respect of the associate, and our report in terms of sub-sections (3) of Section 143 of 
the Act, in so far as it relates to the aforesaid associate, is based solely on the reports of such other auditor.
	 Our	 opinion	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	and	our	report	on	Other	Legal	and	Regulatory	Requirements	below,	is	not	
modified	in	respect	of	the	above	matters	with	respect	to	our	reliance	on	the	work	done	and	the	financial	statements/	financial	
information	certified	by	the	respective	company’s	management	and	furnished	to	us	by	the	management	of	the	Holding	Company
8. Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of India 
in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of report of the other 
auditors	on	separate	financial	statements	and	the	other	financial	information	of	the	subsidiary	companies,	incorporated	
in	India,	as	noted	in	the	‘Other	Matter’	paragraph	we	give	in	the	“Annexure	A”	a	statement	on	the	matters	specified	in	
paragraph 3(xxi) of the Order
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of report of the other auditors on the 
financial	statements	of	associate,	as	noted	in	the	‘Other	Matters’	paragraph,	we	report,	to	the	extent	applicable,	that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit of	the	aforesaid	consolidated	financial	statements. 
b) In	our	opinion,	proper	books	of	account	as	required	by	law	relating	to	preparation	of	the	aforesaid	consolidated	financial	
statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books, returns and the reports of the 
other auditors.

[page 186]
|| 183 ||
c) The	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet,	the	Consolidated	statement	of	Profit	and	Loss	including	Other	Comprehensive	
Income, the Consolidated Cash Flows Statement and the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with 
by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the 
consolidated	financial	statements.
d)		 In	our	opinion,	the	aforesaid	consolidated	financial	statements	comply	with	the	Accounting	Standards	specified	under	
Section 133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on March 31, 2026 
taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory auditors of subsidiary 
company and associate company incorporated in India, none of the directors of the Holding Company, its subsidiary 
included	in	the	group	and	its	associate	companies	incorporated	in	India	are	disqualified	as	on	March	31,	2026	from	
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
f)	 With	 Respect	to	the	Adequacy	of	Internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	of	the	Group	and	its	associate,	
incorporated in India and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure B” 
which is based on the auditor’s report of the Holding Company, subsidiary company, associate companies incorporated 
in India.
g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of section 
197(16) of the Act, as amended:
 In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid 
by the Group to their directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act read with 
schedule V to the Act.
h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us: 
i) There	were	no	pending	litigations	which	would	impact	the	consolidated	financial	position	of	the	group	and	its	
associates.
ii) The group and its associate did not have any material foreseeable losses on long-term contracts including 
derivative contracts.
iii) There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the group and its associate.
iv) (a) The respective Managements of the company and its subsidiary and associate which are companies 
incorporated	in	India,	whose	financial	statements	have	been	audited	under	the	Companies	Act,	
have represented to us and the other auditors of such associate respectively that, to the best of their 
knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been 
advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources 
or kind of funds) by the Company or any of such subsidiary and associate to or in any other person or 
entity, including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
entities	identified	in	any	manner	whatsoever	by	or	on	behalf	of	the	Company	or	any	of	such	subsidiary	
and	associate	(“Ultimate	Beneficiaries”)	or	provide	any	guarantee,	security	or	the	like	on	behalf	of	the	
Ultimate	Beneficiaries;
(b) The respective Managements of the company and its subsidiary and associate which are incorporated 
in	India,	whose	financial	statements	have	been	audited	under	the	Companies	Act,	have	represented	
to us and the other auditors of such associate respectively that, to the best of their knowledge and 
belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the 
Company or any of such subsidiary and associate from any person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company 
or any of such subsidiary and associate shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other 
persons	or	entities	identified	in	any	manner	whatsoever	by	or	on	behalf	of	the	Funding	Party	(“Ultimate	
Beneficiaries”)	or	provide	any	guarantee,	security	or	the	like	on	behalf	of	the	Ultimate	Beneficiaries;
(c)  Based on the audit procedures that we have considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances 
performed	by	us	and	the	auditors	of	the	associate	which	are	companies	incorporated	in	India	whose	financial	
statements have been audited under the Companies Act, nothing has come to our or other auditor notice 

[page 187]
|| 184 ||
that has caused us or other auditor to believe that the representations as provided under (a) and (b) above, 
contain any material misstatement.
v) The	final	dividend	declared	and	paid	by	the	Holding	company	during	the	year	in	respect	of	the	previous	financial	
year is in accordance with section 123 of the Act 2013 to the extent it applies to payment of dividend. 
	 The	 Board	of	Directors	of	the	holding	company	have	proposed	final	dividend	for	the	year	which	is	subject	to	
the approval of the members of parent at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in 
accordance with section 123 of the Act to the extent it applies to declaration of dividend
vi) Based on our examination, which included test checks and that performed by the respective auditors of the 
subsidiary	and	associate	which	are	companies	incorporated	in	India	whose	financial	statements	have	been	
audited under the Act, the company, subsidiary and associate have used an accounting software for maintaining 
its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated 
throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, during the course of our audit, 
we and respective auditors of the above referred subsidiary and associate did not come across any instance 
of audit trail feature being tampered with. Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved by the company and 
above referred subsidiary and associate as per the statutory requirements for record retention
3. The Group and its associate company have paid/ provided for managerial remuneration in accordance with the 
requisite approvals mandated by the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act.
For AKR & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021179N
per  Kailash Kumar
Partner 
Membership No.:  505972
Place  : Chandigarh                                                                                                                               UDIN: 26505972GRRIRL8798
Date: 29.05.2026

[page 188]
|| 185 ||
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor’s Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements of Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
for the year ended 31 March 2026
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even date) 
(xxi)  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, following companies incorporated in India and 
included	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	have	unfavourable	remarks,	qualification	or	adverse	remarks	given	by	the	
respective auditors in their reports under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (CARO):
Sr.
No.
Name of the entities CIN Holding Company/
Subsidiary/ JV/
Associate
Paragraph number 
in the respective 
CARO reports
1 AMW AUTOCOMPONENT LIMITED U35923GJ2009PLC057269 Subsidiary (i)(c )
For AKR & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021179N
per  Kailash Kumar
Partner 
Membership No.:  505972
Place  : Chandigarh 
Date: 29.05.2026

[page 189]
|| 186 ||
Annexure B to Independent Auditor’s Report  
Referred to the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date on the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 
31st March 2026
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act 
1. In	conjunction	with	our	audit	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	of	Steel	Strips	Wheels	Limited	(hereinafter	referred	to	
as	the	“Holding	Company”)	as	of	and	for	the	year	ended	March	31,	2026,	we	have	audited	the	internal	financial	controls	
with	reference	to	consolidated	financial	statements	of	the	Holding	Company	and	its	subsidiary	(the	Holding	Company	and	its	
subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”) and its associate, which are companies incorporated in India, as of that date.
 Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
2. The respective Board of Directors of the Holding company, its subsidiary company, its associate company which are companies 
incorporated	in	India,	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	internal	financial	controls	based	on	the	internal	control	
over	financial	reporting	criteria	established	by	the	respective	Companies	considering	the	essential	components	of	internal	
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal	financial	controls	that	were	operating	effectively	for	ensuring	the	orderly	and	efficient	conduct	of	its	business,	including	
adherence to the respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and 
errors,	the	accuracy	and	completeness	of	the	accounting	records,	and	the	timely	preparation	of	reliable	financial	information,	as	
required under the Companies Act, 2013.
 Auditors’ Responsibility
3. Our	responsibility	is	to	express	an	opinion	on	the	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	of	the	based	on	our	audit.	We	
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the 
“Guidance Note”) issued by the ICAI and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 
143(10)	of	the	Companies	Act,	2013,	to	the	extent	applicable	to	an	audit	of	internal	financial	controls.	Those	Standards	and	the	
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about	whether	adequate	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	was	established	and	maintained	and	if	such	controls	
operated effectively in all material respects.
	 Our	 audit	involves	performing	procedures	to	obtain	audit	evidence	about	the	adequacy	of	the	internal	financial	controls	system	
over	financial	reporting	and	their	operating	effectiveness.	Our	audit	of	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	included	
obtaining	an	understanding	of	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting,	assessing	the	risk	that	a	material	weakness	
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The 
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial	statements,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	error.
 We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditor of the associate 
company, which are companies incorporated in India in terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is 
sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide	a	basis	for	our	audit	opinion	on	the	internal	financial	controls	system	over	financial	reporting	
of the Holding Company, its subsidiary company and its associate company, which are companies incorporated in India
 Meaning of Internal financial controls over financial reporting
4. A	company’s	internal	financial	control	over	financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	
the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	
accepted	accounting	principles.	A	company’s	internal	financial	control	over	financial	reporting	includes	those	policies	and	
procedures	that	(1)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that,	in	reasonable	detail,	accurately	and	fairly	reflect	the	transactions	
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary 
to	permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	receipts	
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the 
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or 
disposition	of	the	company’s	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.	
 Inherent Limitation of Internal financial controls over financial reporting
5. Because	of	the	inherent	limitations	of	internal	financial	controls	with	reference	to	consolidated	financial	statements,	including	
the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur 
and	not	be	detected.	Also,	projections	of	any	evaluation	of	the	internal	financial	controls	with	reference	to	consolidated	financial	
statements	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	the	internal	financial	controls	with	reference	to	consolidated	financial	
statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or 
procedures may deteriorate

[page 190]
|| 187 ||
 Opinion
6. In our opinion to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of 
the reports of the other auditors referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, the Holding Company, its subsidiary company 
and	associate	company,	which	are	companies	incorporated	in	India,	have,	in	all	material	respects,	an	adequate	internal	financial	
controls	system	over	financial	reporting	and	such	internal	financial	controls	over	financial	reporting	were	operating	effectively	
as	at	March	31,	2026,	based	on	the	criteria	for	internal	financial	control	over	financial	reporting	established	by	the	respective	
companies considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
 Other Matters
	 Our	 aforesaid	report	under	Section	143(3)(i)	of	the	Act	on	the	adequacy	and	operating	effectiveness	of	the	internal	financial	
controls	over	financial	reporting	insofar	as	it	relates	to	one	associate	company,	which	are	company	incorporated	in	India,	is	
based solely on the corresponding reports of the auditor of such company incorporated in India.
	 Our	opinion	is	not	modified	in	respect	of	the	above	matters.
For AKR & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021179N
per  Kailash Kumar
Partner 
Membership No.:  505972
Place  : Chandigarh 
Date: 29.05.2026

[page 191]
|| 188 ||
Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities 
                                                 As On 31st March 2026
(All amounts Rs in Lakhs, unless stated otherwise)
Particulars Note no.
 As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
 Audited  Audited 
ASSETS              
Non-current Assets      
a) Property, plant and equipment 3              1,96,709.41                        1,78,068.58 
b) Capital work-in-progress 4                 15,447.65                          28,776.58 
c) Other Intangible assets 5                       63.00                                 77.58 
d) Right to use Assets 5(a)                     323.07                                 89.80 
e) Financial assets      
    i) Investments 6                   1,050.02                            1,048.80 
   ii) Loans 7                            -                                        -   
   iii) Other Financial assets 8                   1,584.30                            1,374.66 
f) Other non-current assets 9                   4,381.77                            2,898.79 
Total Non-Current Assets                2,19,559.22                        2 , 1 2 , 3 3 4 . 7 9  
       
Current Assets      
a) Inventories 10                 95,215.55                          74,276.19 
b) Financial assets      
    i) Trade receivables 11                 60,895.74                          48,637.38 
    ii) Cash and Cash equivalents 12                     639.12                               744.24 
    iii) Bank balances other than above 13                     500.89                               265.26 
    iv) Loans 14                     536.89                               377.77 
				v)	Other	financial	asset 15                         6.39                                      -   
c) Current tax assets (net) 16                            -                                 347.50 
d) Other current assets 17                   5,784.13                            2,908.15 
Total Current Assets                1,63,578.71                        1 , 2 7 , 5 5 6 . 4 9  
Total Assets                3,83,137.93                        3 , 3 9 , 8 9 1 . 2 8  
       
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES      
a) Equity Share capital 18                   1,571.80                            1,569.29 
b) Other equity 19              1,78,909.55                        1,60,998.72 
Total Equity                1,80,481.35                        1 , 6 2 , 5 6 8 . 0 1  
       
Non-current Liabilities      
a) Financial liabilities      
     i) Borrowings 20                 27,593.18                          27,862.15 
				ii)	Others	financial	liabilities 21                   1,706.59                            1,954.68 
    iii) Lease Liability 21(a)                     241.85 0.00
b) Provisions 22                   1,202.58                               616.61 
c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 23                   9,266.22                            9,828.59 
Total Non-Current Liabilities                   40,010.42                          40,262.03 
       
Current Liabilities      
a) Financial liabilities      
    i) Borrowings 24                 54,996.94                          54,881.22 
    ii) Lease Liability 24(a)                         4.96                                 20.21 
    iii) Trade and other payables      
  - Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 25                   5,079.17                            3,586.68 
  - Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises  
and small enterprises                   95,110.73                          71,714.60 
				iv)	other	financial	liabilities	 26                     123.72                                 47.36 
b) Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 27                   1,106.51                                      -   
c) Provisions 28                     143.46                               618.74 
d) Other current liabilities 29                   6,080.67                            6,192.43 
Total Current Liabilities                1,62,646.16                        1 , 3 7 , 0 6 1 . 2 4  
Total Equity and Liabilities                3,83,137.93                        3 , 3 9 , 8 9 1 . 2 8  
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Consolidated financial statements
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board
For  AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Sanjay Garg Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Ajit Singh Chatha
Virander Kumar Arya Mohan Joshi
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Deputy Managing Director
Sukhvinder Khanna
per Kailash Kumar Deva Bharathi Reddy Manohar lal Jain
Partner Directors Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 192]
|| 189 ||
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS 
                                                                  For the Year Ended 31st Macrh, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
S.No. Particulars Notes  Year Ended                                
31st March 2026 
 Year Ended                                
31st March 2025 
I Revenue from operations 30 518,280.25  442,899.83 
II Other Income 31   316.42             316.76 
       
  Total income(I+II)    518,596.67 443,216.59 
       
III Expenses   65.4%  
a Cost of materials consumed 32  346,317.75    287,808.68 
b Change	in	inventories	of	finished	goods,	stock	in	trade	and	work	
-in-progress 33 (6,463.02)    (1,989.29)
c Employee	benefit	expense 34 42,979.86    37,986.73 
d Finance costs 35 12,321.82     11,724.30 
e Depreciation and amortisation expense 36  13,604.99   11,113.26 
f Other expenses 37  84,422.04   70,659.72 
       
  Total Expenses III(a to f)    493,183.44     417,303.40 
       
IV Profit/(loss)	before	exceptional	items	and	tax	(I+II-III)   25,413.23  25,913.19 
V Exceptional items 38                            -              -   
VI Profit/(loss)	before	tax	after	exceptional	items(IV-V)    25,413.23   25,913.19 
VII Share	of	profit/(loss)	from	associates      1.22       (13.91)
VIII Profit	before	tax	(VI+VII)    25,414.45 25,899.28 
IX Tax expense: (refer note 51)      
  (1) Current tax   6,516.00   6,602.85 
  (2) Deferred tax   (131.36)       (229.33)
  Prior years tax Adjustments    8.01       (2.69)
       
X Profit/(loss)	for	the	period	after	Tax	(VIII-IX)   19,021.80    19,528.45 
XI Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)    75.73          (77.70)
A (i)	Items	that	will	not	be	reclassified	to	profit	or	loss      
  -Re-measurement	gains	(losses)	on	defined	benefit	plans	   101.20         (103.84)
  -Income tax relating to above items   (25.47)        26.14 
       
XII Total Comprehensive Income for the period (X+XI) (Comprising 
Profit/(Loss)	and	Other	Comprehensive	Income	for	the	period)    19,097.53   19,450.75 
XIII Paid-up equity share capital (Face value of Rs.1 per share)   1,571.80 1,569.29 
XIV Earnings per equity share in Rs. (refer note 39)      
  (1)	Basic	(in	₹)   12.11        12.44 
  (2)	Diluted	(in	₹)   12.07   12.39 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Consolidated financial statements   
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board
For  AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Sanjay Garg Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Ajit Singh Chatha
Virander Kumar Arya Mohan Joshi
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Deputy Managing Director
Sukhvinder Khanna
per Kailash Kumar Deva Bharathi Reddy Manohar lal Jain
Partner Directors Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 193]
|| 190 ||
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
                                                                For the Year Ended 31st March 2026
 
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)        
S. 
No. Particulars
 Audited  Audited 
 Year Ended  Year Ended 
31st March 2026 31st March 2025
A. Cash Flow from Operating activities        
  Profit	before	tax              25,414.45   25,899.28 
  Depreciation            13,604.99               11,113.26  
  Share	of	(profit)/loss	from	associates                     (1.22)                       13.91  
  Other Comprehensive Income                    75.73                     (77.70)  
  Loss/(Profit)	on	Sale	of	assets                (149.22)                       13.82  
  Expense on employee Stock Option Scheme                  730.31                    462.86  
  Interest Received                (115.24)                   (222.97)  
  Financial charges paid            12,321.82            26,467.17             11,724.30  23,027.48 
  Operating profit before working capital changes             51,881.62           48,926.76 
  Adjustment for        
   - (Increase)/ decrease in inventory (20,939.36)                (4,580.99)  
   - (Increase)/ decrease in trade and other receivables       (12,264.75)                (4,664.36)  
  	-	Current	Financial	Liabilities	and	financial	Assets             (3,545.78)                 3,622.72  
  	-	Non	Current	Financial	Liabilities	and	financial	Assets             (1,354.74)   -   
   - Changes in Tax Provision             (1,501.01)                   (445.88)  
   - Increase/ (decrease) in trade payables            24,888.62         (14,717.02)            15,305.40                   9,236.89 
  Cash inflow from Operations             37,164.60   58,163.65 
  Taxes paid(Net of Refunds)                4,000.00                     6,500.00 
  Net cash from / (used) in Operating activities             33,164.60   51,663.65 
           
B Cash Flow from Investing Activities        
  Purchase	of	fixed	assets (19,280.66)   (21,234.52)  
  Sale	of	fixed	assets                  393.00                 2,144.70  
  Purchase of investments                           -                     (693.09)  
  Profit	on	sale	of	investments	/	Assets                  149.22                     (13.82)  
  Interest Received/(Paid)                  115.24                    222.97  
  Net cash from / (used) in investing activities           (18,623.20)   (19,573.76)
           
C Cash Flow from Financing Activities        
  Proceeds from issue of equity shares incl premium                    50.22                             -    
  Proceeds from long term borrowings            13,175.00                             -    
  Repayment	of	long	term	borrowings	(net	of	fluctuation) (12,064.01)   (11,582.77)  
  Changes in working capital loans/short term 
borrowings             (1,264.20)   (10,467.00)  
  Payment of interest portion of lease liabilities                     (8.22)                       (4.53)  
  Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities                  (21.32)                     (25.11)  
  Dividend paid             (1,964.76)                (1,569.29)  
  Financial charges paid (12,313.60)   (11,719.77)  
  Net cash from / (used) in financing activities           (14,410.89)   (35,368.47)
  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                   130.51   (3,278.58)
  Cash and cash equivalents as at beginning of the year                1,009.50                     4 , 2 8 8 . 0 8  
  Cash and cash equivalents as at end of the year                1,140.01                     1 , 0 0 9 . 5 0  
Notes.      
I) The	above	Cash	flow	statement	has	been	prepared	under	the	“Indirect	Method”	as	set	out	in	Indian	Accounting	
Standard-7,“Statement of Cash Flows”.
II) Components of cash and cash equivalents             Balances With banks    
  In Current account                 750.59                      784.14 
  In Deposit Accounts                 377.17                      217.89 
       
  Cheque in hand                          -                                 -   
  Cash in hand                   12.25                           7.47 
         The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements    
  As per our report of even date attached       For and on behalf of the Board
For  AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Sanjay Garg Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Ajit Singh Chatha
Virander Kumar Arya Mohan Joshi
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Deputy Managing Director
Sukhvinder Khanna
per Kailash Kumar Deva Bharathi Reddy Manohar lal Jain
Partner Directors Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 194]
|| 191 ||
STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CHANGES IN EQUITY 
                                                For The Period Ended 31st March 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
 (₹ In lacs) 
A. Equity Share Capital
As at 31st March, 2024              1,569.29 
Changes in equity share capital during the year                        -   
As at 31st March, 2025              1,569.29 
Changes in equity share capital during the year                    2.51 
As at 31st March, 2026              1,571.80 
B. Other Equity
PARTICULARS
Reserve and surplus
Share 
Forfeiture 
Reserve
Securities 
premium 
reserve
Capital/ 
Revaluation 
Reserve
General 
Reserve
Share 
Option 
Outstanding 
Reserve
Capital 
Reserve 
Retained 
earnings Total
(a) As at 31st March, 2024 2,237.85 32,301.82 8,842.48 93,219.14 289.26                    -   5,763.81 1,42,654.36 
(i) Profit	for	the	year                        -                            -                      -                      -                           -                       -   19,528.48 19,528.48 
(ii) Addition on account of Acquisition                        -                            -                      -                      -                           -                       -                       -                       -   
(iii) Other comprehensive income for 
the year, net of income tax                        -                            -                      -                      -                           -                       -       (77.70)              (77.70)
(b) Total comprehensive income 
for the year                       -                            -                      -                      -                           -                      -   19,450.78 19,450.78 
(iv) Dividends including tax thereon                        -                            -                      -                      -                           -                       -   (1,569.29) (1,569.29)
(v) Transfer to General Reserve/
Other Reserve                          -                      -          67,468.46                         -                       -   (67,468.46)                     -   
(vi) Shares issued/options exercised                        -                            -                      -                      -   462.87                     -                       -         462.87 
(c) As at 31st March, 2025 2,237.85 32,301.82 8,842.48 1,60,687.60 752.13                    -   (43,823.16) 1,60,998.72 
(vii) Profit	for	the	year                        -                            -                      -                      -                           -                       -   19,021.84 19,021.84 
(viiii) Addition on account of Acquisition                        -   -                    -                      -                           -                       -                       -             - 
(ix) Other comprehensive income for 
the year, net of income tax                        -                            -                      -                      -                           -                       -                  75.73                75.73 
(d) Total comprehensive income 
for the year                       -                     -                    -                      -                           -                      -   19,097.57 19,097.57 
(x) Dividends including tax thereon                        -                            -                      -                      -                           -                       -   (1,964.76) (1,964.76)
(xi) Transfer to General Reserve/
Other Reserve                        -                            -                      -          19,528.47 (495.91) 36,451.69 (55,980.16) (495.91)
(xii) Shares issued/options exercised                        -   
             
543.62            
-   
                   -                      -   730.31                     -                       -           1273.93 
(e) As at 31st March, 2026 2,237.85 32,845.44 8,842.48 1,80,216.07 986.53 36,451.69 (82,670.51) 1,78,909.55 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Consolidated financial statements   
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board
 
For  AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Sanjay Garg Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Ajit Singh Chatha
Virander Kumar Arya Mohan Joshi
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Deputy Managing Director
Sukhvinder Khanna
per Kailash Kumar Deva Bharathi Reddy Manohar lal Jain
Partner Directors Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
 _ _ _ _

[page 195]
|| 192 ||
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
	 The	 consolidated	financial	statements	comprise	financial	statements	of	Steel	Strips	Wheels	Limited	(the	Parent	company)	and	
its subsidiary and associate (collectively referred as “the Group”).
 Steel Strips Wheels Limited (the Parent company) is a public limited Company incorporated on 28th February 1985 under the 
Companies Act, 1956. Its shares are listed on both Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange. The Parent and 
subsidiary companies are engaged in the manufacturing of Automotive Wheel Rims and other auto components and associate 
company is engaged in generation of renewable power. 
	 The	 consolidated	financial	statements	were	approved	for	issue	in	accordance	with	a	resolution	of	the	board	of	directors	on	29th 
May,2026.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
	 This	 note	provides	a	list	of	the	significant	accounting	policies	adopted	in	the	preparation	of	Consolidated	Financial	Statements.	
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years except where newly issued accounting standard is initially 
adopted.
2.01) Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements
	 The	 consolidated	financial	statements	of	the	Group	have	been	prepared	in	accordance	with	Indian	Accounting	Standards	(Ind	
AS)	notified	under	the	Companies	(Indian	Accounting	Standards)	Rules,	2015	(as	amended	from	time	to	time)	and	presentation	
requirements of Division II of schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 (Ind AS compliant schedule III) as applicable to these 
consolidated	financial	statements.
	 The	 Group	has	prepared	the	consolidated	financial	statements	on	the	basis	that	it	will	continue	to	operate	as	going	concern.	
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
	 The	 consolidated	financial	statements	have	been	prepared	on	a	historical	cost	basis,	except	for	the	following	assets	and	
liabilities.
		 Certain	financial	assets	and	liabilities	that	is	measured	at	fair	value.
(i) Assets held for sale-measured at fair value less cost to sell 
(ii) 	Defined	benefit	plans-plan	assets	measured	at	fair	value	
(iii)  Share based payments.
2.02) Current versus non-current classification 
	 The	 Group	presents	assets	and	liabilities	in	the	balance	sheet	based	on	current/non-	current	classification.	An	asset	is	treated	
as current when it is:
-  Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle - Held primarily for purpose of 
trading.
-  Expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting period, or 
-  cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after 
the reporting period.
	 All	other	assets	are	classified	as	non-current.	
 A liability is current when:
-  It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle.
-  It is held primarily for purpose of trading. 
-  It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period, or 
-  There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.
	 All	other	liabilities	are	classified	as	non-current.	
 The term of the liability that could, at the option of counterparty, result in its settlement by the issue of equity instruments do 
not	affect	its	classification.	
	 Deferred	tax	assets	and	deferred	tax	liabilities	are	classified 	as	non-	current	assets	and	liabilities.
 The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash and cash 
equivalents.	The	Group	has	identified	twelve	months	as	its	operating	cycle.
2.03) Basis of consolidation 
	 The	 consolidated	financial	statements	comprise	the	financial	statements	of	the	parent	company	along	with	its	subsidiary	and	
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 196]
|| 193 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
associate as at 31 March 2026. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its 
involvement	with	the	investee	and	has	the	ability	to	affect	those	returns	through	its	power	over	the	investee.	Specifically,	the	
Group controls an investee if and only if the Group has: 
(i) Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).
(ii) Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and 
(iii)  The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
 Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights result in control. To support this presumption and when 
the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts 
and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including: 
(i) The contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee 
(ii) Rights arising from other contractual arrangements    
(iii) The Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.   
(iv) The size of the group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of the holdings of the other voting rights holders.
 The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to 
one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the 
subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary 
acquired	or	disposed	off	during	the	year	are	included	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	from	the	date	the	Group	gains	
control until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary. 
	 Consolidated	 financial	statements	are	prepared	using	uniform	accounting	policies	for	like	transactions	and	other	events	in	
similar circumstances. If a member of the Group uses accounting policies other than those adopted in the consolidated 
financial	statements	for	like	transactions	and	events	in	similar	circumstances,	appropriate	adjustments	are	made	to	that	
Group	member’s	financial	statements	in	preparing	the	consolidated	financial	statements	to	ensure	conformity	with	the	Group’s	
accounting policies.  
	 The	 financial	statements	of	all	entities	used	for	the	purpose	of	consolidation	are	drawn	up	to	same	reporting	date	as	that	of	the	
parent company, i.e., year ended on  March 31st . When the end of the reporting period of the parent is different from that of 
other	group	companies,	the	other	group	companies	prepares,	for	consolidation	purposes,	additional	financial	information	as	of	
the	same	date	as	the	financial	statements	of	the	parent	company	to	enable	the	parent	to	consolidate	the	financial	information	
of the group companies, unless it is impracticable to do so.
2.04) Consolidation procedure: 
(A)  Subsidiary 
(a) Combine	like	items	of	assets,	liabilities,	equity,	income,	expenses	and	cash	flows	of	the	parent	with	those	of	its	
subsidiaries. For this purpose, income and expenses of the subsidiary are based on the amounts of the assets and 
liabilities	recognised	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	at	the	acquisition	date.	
(b) Offset (eliminate) the carrying amount of the parent’s investment in subsidiary and the parent’s portion of equity of 
subsidiary. Business combinations policy explains how to account for any related goodwill/reserves.
(c)	 Eliminate	 in	full	intragroup	assets	and	liabilities,	equity,	income,	expenses	and	cash	flows	relating	to	transactions	between	
entities	of	the	group	(profits	or	losses	resulting	from	intragroup	transactions	that	are	recognised	in	assets,	such	as	
inventory	and	fixed	assets,	are	eliminated	in	full).	Intragroup	losses	may	indicate	an	impairment	that	requires	recognition	
in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	Ind	AS	12	“Income	Taxes”	applies	to	temporary	differences	that	arise	from	the	
elimination	of	profits	and	losses	resulting	from	intragroup	transactions.
	 Profit	 or	loss	and	each	component	of	other	comprehensive	income	(OCI)	are	attributed	to	the	equity	holders	of	the	parent	
of	the	Group	and	to	the	non-controlling	interests,	even	if	this	results	in	the	non-controlling	interests	having	a	deficit	balance.	
When	necessary,	adjustments	are	made	to	the	financial	statements	of	subsidiaries	to	bring	their	accounting	policies	into	line	
with	the	Group’s	accounting	policies.	All	intra-group	assets	and	liabilities,	equity,	income,	expenses	and	cash	flows	relating	to	
transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
 (B)  Investment in Associate
	 An	 associate	is	an	entity	over	which	the	Group	has	significant	influence.	Significant	influence	is	the	power	to	participate	in	the	
financial	and	operating	policy	decisions	of	the	investee	but	is	not	control	or	joint	control	over	those	policies.	
	 The	 considerations	made	in	determining	whether	significant	influence	or	joint	control	are	similar	to	those	necessary	to	
determine control over the subsidiary. 
 The Group’s investments in its associate are accounted for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the investment 
in an associate is initially recognised at cost. The carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to recognise changes in the 

[page 197]
|| 194 ||
Group’s share of net assets of the associate since the acquisition date.
	 The	statement	of	profit	and	loss	 reflects	the	Group’s	share	of	the	results	of	operations	of	the	associate.	Any	change	in	OCI	of	
those investees is presented as part of the Group’s OCI. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the 
equity of the associate, the Group recognizes its share of any changes, when applicable, in the statement of changes in equity. 
Unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associate are eliminated to the extent of 
the interest in the associate.
 If the Group’s share of losses of an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate (which includes any long-term 
interest that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the entity discontinues recognizing its 
share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive 
obligations	or	made	payments	on	behalf	of	the	associate.	If	the	associate	subsequently	reports	profits,	the	entity	resumes	
recognizing	its	share	of	those	profits	only	after	its	share	of	the	profits	equals	the	share	of	losses	not	recognised.	
	 The	 aggregate	of	the	Group’s	share	of	profit	or	loss	of	an	associate	is	shown	on	the	face	of	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss	
outside	operating	profit.	
	 The	 financial	statements	of	the	associate	are	prepared	for	the	same	reporting	period	as	the	Group.	When	necessary,	
adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group. 
 After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an impairment loss on 
its investment in its associate. At each reporting date, the Group determines whether there is objective evidence that the 
investment in the associate is impaired. If there is such evidence, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the 
difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value, and then recognizes the loss as ‘Share of 
profit	of	an	associate	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss.	
	 Upon	 loss	of	significant	influence	over	the	associate	the	Group	measures	and	recognises	any	retained	investment	at	its	fair	
value.	Any	difference	between	the	carrying	amount	of	the	associate	upon	loss	of	significant	influence	and	the	fair	value	of	the	
retained	investment	and	proceeds	from	disposal	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.	
	 The	 Group	discontinue	the	use	of	equity	method	from	the	date	the	investment	is	classified	as	held	for	sale	in	accordance	with	
Ind AS 105 - Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations and measures the interest in associate held for 
sale at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.
(C)  Business Combinations 
 Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate 
of the consideration transferred measured at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any non-controlling interests in the 
acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair 
value	or	at	the	proportionate	share	of	the	acquiree’s	identifiable	net	assets.	Acquisition-related	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred. 
 Consideration transferred includes the fair values of the assets transferred, liabilities incurred by the Group to the previous 
owners of the acquiree, and equity interests issued by the Group. Consideration transferred also includes the fair value of 
any contingent consideration. Consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing 
relationships.	If	an	obligation	to	pay	contingent	consideration	that	meets	the	definition	of	a	financial	instrument	is	classified	
as equity, then it is not re-measured and the settlement is accounted for within other equity. Otherwise, other contingent 
consideration is re-measured at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent 
consideration	are	recorded	in	the	Standalone	Statement	of	Profit	and	Loss.	A	contingent	liability	of	the	acquiree	is	assumed	in	a	
business combination only if such a liability represents a present obligation and arises from a past event, and its fair value can 
be measured reliably. On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquiree 
either	at	fair	value	or	at	the	non-controlling	interest’s	proportionate	share	of	the	acquiree’s	identifiable	net	assets.	Transaction	
costs that the Group incurs in connection with a business combination, such as stamp duty for title transfer in the name of the 
Group,	finder’s	fees,	legal	fees,	due	diligence	fees	and	other	professional	and	consulting	fees,	are	expensed	as	incurred.	
 The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets include an input and a 
substantive	process	that	together	significantly	contribute	to	the	ability	to	create	outputs.	The	acquired	process	is	considered	
substantive if it is critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, and the inputs acquired include an organized workforce 
with	the	necessary	skills,	knowledge,	or	experience	to	perform	that	process	or	it	significantly	contributes	to	the	ability	to	
continue	producing	outputs	and	is	considered	unique	or	scarce	or	cannot	be	replaced	without	significant	cost,	effort,	or	delay	
in the ability to continue producing outputs. 
	 At	 the	acquisition	date,	the	identifiable	assets	acquired,	and	the	liabilities	assumed	are	recognised	at	their	acquisition	date	
fair values. For this purpose, the liabilities assumed include contingent liabilities representing present obligation and they are 
measured	at	their	acquisition	fair	values	irrespective	of	the	fact	that	outflow	of	resources	embodying	economic	benefits	is	not	
probable. However, the following assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination are measured at the basis indicated 
below: 
(i) Deferred	tax	assets	or	liabilities,	and	the	liabilities	or	assets	related	to	employee	benefit	arrangements	are	recognised	
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 198]
|| 195 ||
and	measured	in	accordance	with	Ind	AS	12	Income	Tax	and	Ind	AS	19	Employee	Benefits	respectively.	
(ii) Potential tax effects of temporary differences and carry forwards of an acquiree that exist at the acquisition date or arise 
as a result of the acquisition are accounted in accordance with Ind AS 12. 
(iii) Liabilities or equity instruments related to share based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share – based payments 
arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in 
accordance with Ind AS 102 Share-based Payments at the acquisition date. 
(iv) 	Assets	(or	disposal	groups)	that	are	classified	as	held	for	sale	in	accordance	with	Ind	AS	105	Non-current	Assets	Held	
for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that Standard. 
(v) Reacquired rights are measured at a value determined on the basis of the remaining contractual term of the related 
contract. Such valuation does not consider potential renewal of the reacquired right. 
 When	the	Group	acquires	a	business,	it	assesses	the	financial	assets	and	liabilities	assumed	for	appropriate	classification	and	
designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. 
 If the business combination is achieved in stages, any previously held equity interest is re-measured at its acquisition date fair 
value	and	any	resulting	gain	or	loss	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	or	OCI,	as	appropriate.	
 Business Combinations involving entities or businesses in which all the combining entities or businesses are ultimately 
controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the business combination, and where that control is not transitory 
is accounted using the pooling of interests method as enumerated below: 
(a)		 The	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	combining	entities	are	reflected	at	their	carrying	amounts.	
(b)		 No	adjustments	are	made	to	reflect	fair	values,	or	recognised	any	new	assets	or	liabilities.	The	only	adjustments	that	are	
made are to harmonies accounting policies. 
(c)		 The	 financial	information	in	the	financial	statements	in	respect	of	prior	periods	should	be	restated	as	if	the	business	
combination	had	occurred	from	the	beginning	of	the	preceding	period	in	the	financial	statements,	irrespective	of	the	actual	
date of the combination. However, if business combination had occurred after that date, the prior period information shall 
be restated only from that date.
	(d)		 The	balance	of	the	retained	earnings	appearing	in	the	financial	statements	of	the	transferor	is	aggregated	with	
corresponding	balance	appearing	in	the	financial	statements	of	the	transferee	or	is	adjusted	against	revenue	reserve.	
(e)		 The	identity	of	the	reserves	shall	be	preserved	and	shall	appear	in	the	financial	statements	of	the	transferee	in	the	same	
form	in	which	they	appeared	in	the	financial	statements	of	the	transferor.	
(f)  The difference, if any, between the amounts recorded as share capital issued plus any additional consideration in the 
form of cash or other assets and the amount of share capital of the transferor is transferred to revenue reserves/ capital 
reserves.
2.05) Revenue from contract with customers
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer at 
an	amount	that	reflects	the	consideration	to	which	the	Group	expects	to	be	entitled	in	exchange	for	those	goods	or	services.
 A receivable is recognized when the control of the product is transferred as the consideration is unconditional and payment 
becomes due upon passage of time as per the terms of contract with customers. The Group collects GST on behalf of the 
government	and,	therefore,	it	is	not	an	economic	benefit	flowing	to	the	Group.	Hence,	it	is	excluded	from	revenue.
 Revenue from sales of products.
 Revenue from sale of products is recognized at the point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, 
generally	on	delivery	of	the	goods	and	there	are	no	unfulfilled	obligations.
 The Group considers, whether there are other promises in the contract in which there are separate performance obligations, 
to which a portion of the transaction price needs to be allocated. In determining the transaction price for the sale of equipment, 
the	Group	considers	the	effects	of	variable	consideration,	the	existence	of	significant	financing	components,	noncash	
consideration, and consideration payable to the customer, if any.
 Variable consideration 
 If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it 
will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract 
inception	and	constrained	until	it	is	highly	probable	that	a	significant	revenue	reversal	in	the	amount	of	cumulative	revenue	
recognized will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Some 
contracts	for	the	sale	of	product	provide	customers	with	a	right	of	return	the	goods	within	a	specified	period.	The	Group	also	
provides retrospective volume rebates to certain customers once the quantity of product purchased during the period exceeds 
the	threshold	specified	in	the	contract.	The	rights	of	return	and	volume	rebates	give	rise	to	variable	consideration.	The	Group	
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 199]
|| 196 ||
uses the expected value method to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best predicts the amount 
of variable consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The requirements in Ind AS 115 on constraining estimates of 
variable consideration are also applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the 
transaction price. For goods that are expected to be returned, instead of revenue, the Group recognizes a refund liability. A 
right of return asset (and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognized for the right to recover products from 
a customer.
 Warranty obligations 
 The Group generally provides for warranties for general repair of defects that existed at the time of sale. These warranties are 
assurance-type warranties under Ind AS 115, which are accounted for under Ind AS 37 (Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and 
Contingent Assets).
 Significant Financing Components
  In respect of short-term advances from its customers, using the practical expedient in Ind AS 115, the Group is not required to 
adjust	the	promised	amount	of	consideration	for	the	effects	of	a	significant	financing	component	because	it	expects,	at	contract	
inception, that the period between the transfer of the promised good or service to the customer and when the customer pays 
for that good or service will be within normal operating cycle.
 Sale of service 
 The Group recognizes revenue from sales of services over period of time, because the customer simultaneously receives and 
consumes	the	benefits	provided	by	the	Group.	Revenue	from	services	related	activities	is	recognized	as	and	when	services	
are rendered and on the basis of contractual terms with the parties.     
 Contract assets 
 Contract assets is right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer and performance 
obligation	satisfied.	If	the	Group	performs	by	transferring	goods	or	services	to	a	customer	before	the	customer	pays	consideration	
or before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional. Upon completion of 
the	attached	condition	and	acceptance	by	the	customer,	the	amounts	recognized	as	contract	assets	is	reclassified	to	trade	
receivables upon invoicing. A receivable represents the Group’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional. 
Contract	assets	are	subject	to	impairment	assessment.	Refer	to	accounting	policies	on	impairment	of	financial	assets	in	
section (Financial instruments – initial recognition and subsequent measurement). 
 Contract liabilities 
 A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration 
(or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer or has raised the invoice in advance. If a customer pays consideration 
before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is made or 
the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the 
contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer). 
 Trade receivables 
 A trade receivable is recognised if an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of time is required 
before	payment	of	the	consideration	is	due).	Refer	to	accounting	policies	of	financial	assets	in	section	(Financial	instruments).	 	 	 	 	
2.06) Other Operating Revenues 
 Export incentives 
	 Revenue	 from	export	benefits	arising	from	duty	drawback	scheme,	rodtep	scheme,	remission	of	duties	and	taxes	on	exported	
product scheme are recognised on export of goods in accordance with their respective underlying scheme at fair value of 
consideration received or receivable.
2.07) LEASES
 The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right 
to	control	the	use	of	an	identified	asset	for	a	period	of	time	in	exchange	for	consideration.	
 Group as a lessee 
 The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short term leases and leases 
of low-value assets. The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the 
right to use the underlying assets. For these short-term and low value leases, the Group recognizes the lease payments as an 
operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
i)  Right-of-use assets 
 The Group recognizes right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is 
available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 200]
|| 197 ||
and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease 
liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less 
any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease 
term and the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets. If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the 
end	of	the	lease	term	or	the	cost	reflects	the	exercise	of	a	purchase	option,	depreciation	is	calculated	using	the	estimated	
useful life of the asset. The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment. Refer to the accounting policies in section 
‘Impairment	of	non-financial	assets’.	
ii)  Lease Liabilities  
 At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease 
payments	to	be	made	over	the	lease	term.	The	lease	payments	include	fixed	payments	(including	in	substance	fixed	
payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts 
expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase 
option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease 
term	reflects	the	Group	exercising	the	option	to	terminate.	Variable	lease	payments	that	do	not	depend	on	an	index	or	
a rate are recognized as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or 
condition that triggers the payment occurs. 
 In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease 
commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement 
date,	the	amount	of	lease	liabilities	is	increased	to	reflect	the	accretion	of	interest	and	reduced	for	the	lease	payments	
made.	In	addition,	the	carrying	amount	of	lease	liabilities	is	re-measured	if	there	is	a	modification,	a	change	in	the	lease	
term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used 
to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset. 
	 Lease	 payments	are	allocated	between	principal	and	finance	cost.	The	finance	cost	is	charged	to	profit	or	loss	over	the	
lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. 
The	groups’	lease	liabilities	are	included	in	other	current	and	non-current	financial	liabilities.	
	 Variable	 lease	payments	that	depend	on	sales	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in	which	the	condition	that	
triggers those payments occurs.
iii)  Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets 
 The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have a 
lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies 
the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on 
short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
2.08) ACCOUNTING FOR TAXES ON INCOME
 Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current income-tax is measured at the amount expected to be paid to the 
tax authorities in accordance with the Income-tax Act, 1961 enacted in India and tax laws prevailing in the respective tax 
jurisdictions where the group operates. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or 
substantively enacted, at the reporting date.
	 Deferred	 income	taxes	reflect	the	impact	of	timing	differences	between	taxable	income	and	accounting	income	originating	
during the current year and reversal of timing differences for the earlier years. Deferred tax is measured using the tax rates 
and the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
 Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable timing differences. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible 
timing	differences	only	to	the	extent	that	there	is	reasonable	certainty	that	sufficient	future	taxable	income	will	be	available	
against which such deferred tax assets can be realized. In situations where the group has unabsorbed depreciation or carry 
forward tax losses, all deferred tax assets are recognized only if there is virtual certainty supported by convincing evidence 
that	they	can	be	realized	against	future	taxable	profits.
 At each reporting date, the Group re-assesses unrecognized deferred tax assets. It recognizes unrecognized deferred tax 
asset	to	the	extent	that	it	has	become	reasonably	certain	or	virtually	certain,	as	the	case	may	be,	that	sufficient	future	taxable	
income will be available against which such deferred tax assets can be realized. 
 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date. The Group writes-down the carrying amount 
of	deferred	tax	asset	to	the	extent	that	it	is	no	longer	reasonably	certain	or	virtually	certain,	as	the	case	may	be,	that	sufficient	
future taxable income will be available against which deferred tax asset can be realized. Any such write-down is reversed to 
the	extent	that	it	becomes	reasonably	certain	or	virtually	certain,	as	the	case	may	be,	that	sufficient	future	taxable	income	will	
be available.
 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set-off current tax assets against 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 201]
|| 198 ||
current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation 
authority.
 MAT credit is recognized as an asset only when and to the extent there is convincing evidence that the group will pay normal 
income	tax	during	the	specified	period.		In	the	year	in	which	the	Minimum Alternative tax (MAT) credit becomes eligible to 
be recognized as an asset in accordance with the recommendations contained in guidance Note issued by the Institute of 
Chartered	Accountants	of	India,	the	said	asset	is	created	by	way	of	a	credit	to	the	profit	and	loss	account	and	shown	as	MAT	
Credit Entitlement. The Group reviews the same at each balance sheet date and writes down the carrying amount of MAT 
Credit Entitlement to the extent there is no longer convincing evidence to the effect that Group will pay normal Income Tax 
during	the	specified	period.
2.09) IMPAIRMENT OF NON FINANCIAL ASSETS
A. At each Balance Sheet date, the carrying amount of assets is tested based on internal/external factors, for impairment 
so as to determine:
(I) The provision for impairment loss, if any; and
(ii) The reversal of impairment loss recognized in previous periods, if any,
B. Impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. Recoverable 
amount is determined:
(I) In the case of an individual asset, higher of the net selling price or the value in use.
(ii)	In	the	case	of	a	cash	generating	unit	(a	group	of	assets	that	generates	identified,	independent	cash	flows),	at	the	
higher of the cash generating unit’s net selling price or the value in use.
	 (Value	 in	use	is	determined	as	the	present	value	of	estimated	future	cash	flows	discounted	to	their	present	value	at	the	
weighted average cost of Capital, from the continuing use of an asset and from its disposal at the end of its useful life).
Post impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised carrying value of the asset over its remaining useful life.
2.10) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
	 Cash	 and	cash	equivalents	balances	include	cash	in	hand,	fixed	deposits,	margin	money	deposits,	earmarked	balances	with	
banks, other bank balances such as dividend accounts, which have restrictions on repatriation, highly liquid investments with 
original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an 
insignificant	risk	of	change	in	value.
	 For	 the	purpose	of	presentation	in	the	statement	of	cash	flows,	cash	and	cash	equivalents	includes	cash	on	hand,	deposit	held	
at	call	with	financial	institutions,	other	short	-	term,	highly	liquid	investments	with	original	maturities	of	three	months	or	less	that	
are	readily	convertible	to	known	amounts	of	cash	and	which	are	subject	to	an	insignificant	risk	of	changes	in	value,	and	bank	
overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet. 
2.11) INVENTORIES
a)  Basis of valuation: 
I)  Inventories other than scrap materials are valued at lower of cost or net realisable value after providing cost of 
obsolescence, if any. The comparison of cost and net realisable value is made on an item-by-item basis.  
b)  Method of Valuation:
i) Cost of raw materials has been determined by using moving weighted average cost method and comprises all 
costs of purchase, duties, taxes (other than those subsequently recoverable from tax authorities) and all other 
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. 
ii) Cost	of	finished	goods	and	work-in-progress	includes	direct	labour	and	an	appropriate	share	of	fixed	and	variable	
production overheads. Fixed production overheads are allocated on the basis of normal capacity of production 
facilities. Cost is determined on moving weighted average basis.
iii) Cost of traded goods has been determined by using moving weighted average cost method and comprises all 
costs of purchase, duties, taxes (other than those subsequently recoverable from tax authorities) and all other 
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. 
iv) Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of 
completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale. The net realisable value of work-in-progress is 
determined	with	reference	to	the	selling	prices	of	related	finished	products.	Raw	materials	and	other	supplies	held	
for	use	in	the	production	of	finished	products	are	not	written	down	below	cost	except	in	cases	where	material	prices	
have	declined	and	it	is	estimated	that	the	cost	of	the	finished	products	will	exceed	their	net	realisable	value.	
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 202]
|| 199 ||
v) Appropriate adjustments are made to the carrying value of damaged, slow moving and obsolete inventories based 
on management’s current best estimate.
2.12) FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT
	 A 	financial	instrument	is	any	contract	that	gives	rise	to	a	financial	asset	of	one	entity	and	a	financial	liability	or	equity	instrument	
of another entity.
I)  Financial Assets 
	 The	Group	classifies	its	financial	assets	in	the	following	measurement	categories:
-  those	to	be	measured	subsequently	at	fair	value	(either	through	other	comprehensive	income,	or	through	profit	or	loss) 
-  those measured at amortised cost 
	 The	 classification	of	financial	assets	at	initial	recognition	depends	on	the	financial	asset’s	contractual	cash	flow	characteristics	
and the Group’s business model for managing them. 
	 For	 assets	measured	at	fair	value,	gains	and	losses	will	either	be	recorded	in	profit	or	loss	or	other	comprehensive	income.	For	
investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the group has made an irrevocable 
election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVTOCI.
 Initial recognition and measurement 
	 Financial	 assets	are	classified,	at	initial	recognition,	as	subsequently	measured	at	amortised	cost,	fair	value	through	other	
comprehensive	income	(OCI),	and	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss.	
	 The	 classification	of	financial	assets	at	initial	recognition	depends	on	the	financial	asset’s	contractual	cash	flow	characteristics	
and	the	Group’s	business	model	for	managing	them.	With	the	exception	of	trade	receivables	that	do	not	contain	a	significant	
financing	component,	the	Group	initially	measures	a	financial	asset	at	its	fair	value	plus,	in	the	case	of	a	financial	asset	not	at	
fair	value	through	profit	or	loss,	transaction	costs.	Trade	receivables	that	do	not	contain	a	significant	financing	component	are	
measured at the transaction price determined under Ind AS 115. Refer to the accounting policies in section “Revenue from 
contracts with customers”. 
	 In	 order	for	a	financial	asset	to	be	classified	and	measured	at	amortised	cost	or	fair	value	through	OCI,	it	needs	to	give	rise	to	
cash	flows	that	are	‘solely	payments	of	principal	and	interest	(SPPI)’	on	the	principal	amount	outstanding.	This	assessment	
is	referred	to	as	the	SPPI	test	and	is	performed	at	an	instrument	level.	Financial	assets	with	cash	flows	that	are	not	SPPI	are	
classified	and	measured	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss,	irrespective	of	the	business	model.	
	 The	 Group’s	business	model	for	managing	financial	assets	refers	to	how	it	manages	its	financial	assets	in	order	to	generate	
cash	flows.	The	business	model	determines	whether	cash	flows	will	result	from	collecting	contractual	cash	flows,	selling	the	
financial	assets,	or	both.
	 Financial	 assets	classified	and	measured	at	amortised	cost	are	held	within	a	business	model	with	the	objective	to	hold	financial	
assets	in	order	to	collect	contractual	cash	flows	while	financial	assets	classified	and	measured	at	fair	value	through	OCI	are	
held	within	a	business	model	with	the	objective	of	both	holding	to	collect	contractual	cash	flows	and	selling.	
 Subsequent measurement 
	 For	purposes	of	subsequent	measurement	financial	assets 	are	classified	in	following	categories:
-   Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments).
-  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) with recycling of cumulative gains and 
losses (debt instruments).
-   Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI with no recycling of cumulative gains and losses upon derecognition 
(equity instruments).
-			 Financial	assets	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss.	
 Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
		 A 	‘financial	asset’	is	measured	at	the	amortised	cost	if	both	the	following	conditions	are	met:	
a) Business	Model	Test:	The	objective	is	to	hold	the	financial	asset	to	collect	the	contractual	cash	flows	(rather	than	to	sell	
the instrument prior to its contractual maturity to realise its fair value changes) and
b) Cash	flow	characteristics	test:	The	contractual	terms	of	the	financial	asset	give	rise	on	specific	dates	to	cash	flows	that	
are solely payments of principal and interest on principal amount outstanding. 
	 This	 category	is	most	relevant	to	the	Group.	After	initial	measurement,	such	financial	assets	are	subsequently	measured	at	
amortised cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount 
or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of EIR. EIR is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 203]
|| 200 ||
future	cash	receipts	over	the	expected	life	of	the	financial	instrument	or	a	shorter	period,	where	appropriate,	to	the	gross	
carrying	amount	of	the	financial	asset.	When	calculating	the	effective	interest	rate,	the	Group	estimates	the	expected	cash	
flows	by	considering	all	the	contractual	terms	of	the	financial	instrument	but	does	not	consider	the	expected	credit	losses.	The	
EIR	amortisation	is	included	in	other	income	in	profit	or	loss.	The	losses	arising	from	impairment	are	recognised	in	the	profit	
or loss. This category generally applies to trade and other receivables. 
 Financial assets at fair value through OCI (FVTOCI) (debt instruments) 
	 A 	‘financial	asset’	is	classified	as	at	the	FVTOCI	if	both	of	the	following	criteria	are	met:	
a)  Business Model Test:	The	objective	of	financial	instrument	is	achieved	by	both	collecting	contractual	cash	flows	and	
selling	the	financial	assets;	and	
b)  Cash flow characteristics test:	The	contractual	terms	of	the	Debt	instrument	give	rise	on	specific	dates	to	cash	flows	
that are solely payments of principal and interest on principal amount outstanding. 
 Debt instrument included within the FVTOCI category are measured initially as well as at each reporting date at fair value. 
Fair value movements are recognised in the other comprehensive income (OCI), except for the recognition of interest income, 
impairment	gains	or	losses	and	foreign	exchange	gains	or	losses	which	are	recognised	in	statement	of	profit	and	loss	and	
computed	in	the	same	manner	as	for	financial	assets	measured	at	amortised	cost.	The	remaining	fair	value	changes	are	
recognised	in	OCI.	Upon	derecognition,	the	cumulative	fair	value	changes	recognised	in	OCI	is	reclassified	from	the	equity	to	
profit	or	loss.	
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
	 Financial	 assets	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	are	carried	in	the	balance	sheet	at	fair	value	with	net	changes	in	fair	value	
recognised	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss.	This	category	includes	derivative	instruments	and	listed	equity	investments	
which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through OCI. Dividends on listed equity investments are 
recognised	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss	when	the	right	of	payment	has	been	established.
 Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI (equity instruments) 
 Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity instruments designated at 
fair	value	through	OCI	when	they	meet	the	definition	of	equity	under	Ind	AS	32	Financial	Instruments:	Presentation	and	are	
not	held	for	trading.	The	classification	is	determined	on	an	instrument-by-instrument	basis.	Equity	instruments	which	are	held	
for trading and contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which Ind AS103 applies are 
classified	as	at	FVTPL.	
	 Gains	 and	losses	on	these	financial	assets	are	never	recycled	to	profit	or	loss.	Dividends	are	recognised	as	other	income	
in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss	when	the	right	of	payment	has	been	established,	except	when	the	Group	benefits	from	
such	proceeds	as	a	recovery	of	part	of	the	cost	of	the	financial	asset,	in	which	case,	such	gains	are	recorded	in	OCI.	Equity	
instruments designated at fair value through OCI are not subject to impairment assessment.
 Derecognition
	 	A	financial	asset	(or,	where	applicable,	a	part	of	a	financial	asset	or	part	of	a	Group	of	similar	financial	assets)	is	primarily	
derecognised	(i.e.	removed	from	the	Group’s	statement	of	financial	position)	when:	
-		 The	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	the	asset	have	expired,	or	
-	 the	 Group	has	transferred	its	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	the	asset	or	has	assumed	an	obligation	to	pay	the	received	
cash	flows	in	full	without	material	delay	to	a	third	party	under	a	“pass	through”	arrangement	and	either;	
(a)  the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or
(b)  the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred 
control of the asset. 
	 When	 the	Group	has	transferred	its	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	an	asset	or	has	entered	into	a	pass-through	arrangement,	
it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor 
retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to 
recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises 
an	associated	liability.	The	transferred	asset	and	the	associated	liability	are	measured	on	a	basis	that	reflects	the	rights	and	
obligations that the Group has retained. 
 Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original 
carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay. 
 Impairment of financial assets 
 In accordance with IND AS 109, the Group applies expected credit losses (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of 
impairment	loss	on	the	following	financial	asset	and	credit	risk	exposure	
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 204]
|| 201 ||
-  Financial assets measured at amortised cost; 
-  Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI);
-	 Trade	 receivables	or	any	contractual	right	to	receive	cash	or	another	financial	asset	that	result	from	transactions	that	are	
within the scope of Ind AS 115; 
-  Loan commitments which are not measured as at FVTPL;
-  Financial guarantee contracts which are not measured as at FVTPL
 ECLs	are	based	on	the	difference	between	the	contractual	cash	flows	due	in	accordance	with	the	contract	and	all	the	cash	flows	
that	the	Group	expects	to	receive,	discounted	at	an	approximation	of	the	original	effective	interest	rate.	The	expected	cash	flows	
will	include	cash	flows	from	the	sale	of	collateral	held	or	other	credit	enhancements	that	are	integral	to	the	contractual	terms.	
	 ECLs	 are	recognised	in	two	stages.	For	recognition	of	impairment	loss	on	financial	assets	other	than	mentioned	below	and	risk	
exposure,	the	Group	determines	that	whether	there	has	been	a	significant	increase	in	the	credit	risk	since	initial	recognition.	If	
credit	risk	has	not	increased	significantly,	12-month	ECL	is	used	to	provide	for	impairment	loss.	For	those	credit	exposures	for	
which	there	has	been	a	significant	increase	in	credit	risk	since	initial	recognition,	a	loss	allowance	is	required	for	credit	losses	
expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL). 
	 If,	 in	a	subsequent	period,	credit	quality	of	the	instrument	improves	such	that	there	is	no	longer	a	significant	increase	in	credit	
risk since initial recognition, then the entity reverts to recognising impairment loss allowance based on 12-month ECL. 
	 The	Group	follows	“simplified	approach”	for	recognition	of	impairment	loss	allowance	on:	
-  Trade receivables or contract revenue receivables; 
-  All lease receivables resulting from the transactions within the scope of Ind AS 116 -Leases 
	 Under	 the	simplified	approach,	the	Group	does	not	track	changes	in	credit	risk.	Rather,	it	recognized	impairment	loss	allowance	
based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition. The Group uses a provision matrix to determine 
impairment loss allowance on the portfolio of trade receivables. The provision matrix is based on its historically observed 
default rates over the expected life of trade receivable and is adjusted for forward looking estimates. At every reporting date, 
the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward looking estimates are analyzed. 
 ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised during the period is recognised as income/ expense in the statement 
of	profit	and	loss.	The	balance	sheet	presentation	for	various	financial	instruments	is	described	below:	
(a) Financial assets measured as at amortised cost, contractual revenue receivables and lease receivables : ECL 
is presented as an allowance, i.e., as an integral part of the measurement of those assets in the balance sheet. The 
allowance reduces the net carrying amount. Until the asset meets write-off criteria, the Group does not reduce impairment 
allowance from the gross carrying amount. 
(b)  Loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts: ECL is presented as a provision in the balance sheet, i.e. as 
a liability.
 (c)  Debt instruments measured at FVTOCI: For debt instruments measured at FVTOCI, the expected credit losses do not 
reduce the carrying amount in the balance sheet, which remains at fair value. Instead, an amount equal to the allowance 
that would arise if the asset was measured at amortised cost is recognised in other comprehensive income as the 
accumulated impairment amount. 
(ii)  Financial liabilities: 
 Initial recognition and measurement 
	 Financial	 liabilities	are	classified	at	initial	recognition	as	financial	liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss,	loans	and	
borrowings,	and	payables,	net	of	directly	attributable	transaction	costs.	All	financial	liabilities	are	recognised	initially	at	fair	
value	and,	in	the	case	of	loans	and	borrowings	and	payables,	net	of	directly	attributable	transaction	costs.	The	Group	financial	
liabilities include loans and borrowings, trade payables, trade deposits, retention money, liabilities towards services, sales 
incentive and other payables. 
 Subsequent measurement 
	 For	purposes	of	subsequent	measurement,	financial	liabilities	are	classified	in	two	categories:	
(i)		 Financial	liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	
(ii)  Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
	 Financial	 liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	include	financial	liabilities	held	for	trading	and	financial	liabilities	designated	
upon	initial	recognition	as	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss.	Financial	liabilities	are	classified	as	held	for	trading	if	they	
are	incurred	for	the	purpose	of	repurchasing	in	the	near	term.	This	category	also	includes	derivative	financial	instruments	
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 205]
|| 202 ||
entered	into	by	the	Group	that	are	not	designated	as	hedging	instruments	in	hedge	relationship	as	defined	by	Ind	AS	109.	
The	separated	embedded	derivate	are	also	classified	as	held	for	trading	unless	they	are	designated	as	effective	hedging	
instruments. 
	 Gains	or	losses	on	liabilities	held	for	trading	are	recognised 	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss.	
	 Financial	 liabilities	designated	upon	initial	recognition	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	are	designated	as	such	at	the	initial	
date	of	recognition,	and	only	if	the	criteria	in	IND	AS	109	are	satisfied.	For	liabilities	designated	as	FVTPL,	fair	value	gains/	
losses attributable to changes in own credit risk are recognised in OCI. These gains/ loss are not subsequently transferred 
to	profit	and	loss.	However,	the	Group	may	transfer	the	cumulative	gain	or	loss	within	equity.	All	other	changes	in	fair	value	
of	such	liability	are	recognised	in	the	statement	of	profit	or	loss.	The	Group	has	not	designated	any	financial	liability	as	at	fair	
value	through	profit	and	loss.	
 Financial liabilities at amortized cost (Loans and borrowings) 
 After initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the Effective interest 
rate	method.	Gains	and	losses	are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	when	the	liabilities	are	derecognised	as	well	as	through	the	
Effective interest rate amortisation process. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on 
acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the Effective interest rate. The Effective interest rate amortisation is 
included	as	finance	costs	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss.	
 Trade Payables 
	 These	 amounts	represent	liabilities	for	goods	and	services	provided	to	the	Group	prior	to	the	end	of	financial	year	which	
are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually payable basis varying trade term. Trade and other payables are 
presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised 
initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using Effective interest rate method. 
 Financial Guarantee Contracts: 
 Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that requires payment to be made to reimburse the 
holders	for	a	loss	it	incurs	because	the	specified	debtors	fail	to	make	a	payment	when	due	in	accordance	with	the	term	of	debt	
instrument. 
 Financial guarantee contracts are recognised initially as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction cost that are directly 
attributed to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is measured at the higher of the amount of loss allowance 
determined as per impairment requirement of IND AS 109 or the amount recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative 
amount of income recognised in accordance with principles of IND AS 115.
 Derecognition 
	 A 	financial	liability	is	derecognised	when	the	obligation	under	the	liability	is	discharged	or	cancelled	or	expires.	When	an	
existing	financial	liability	is	replaced	by	another	from	the	same	lender	on	substantially	different	terms,	or	the	terms	of	an	
existing	liability	are	substantially	modified,	such	an	exchange	or	modification	is	treated	as	the	derecognition	of	the	original	
liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement 
of	profit	and	loss.
 Offsetting of financial instruments 
	 Financials	 assets	and	financial	liabilities	are	offset	and	the	net	amount	is	reported	in	the	balance	sheet	if	there	is	a	currently	
enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realise the assets 
and settle the liabilities simultaneously. 
 Reclassification of financial assets/ financial liabilities 
	 The	 Group	determines	classification	of	financial	assets	and	liabilities	on	initial	recognition.	After	initial	recognition,	no	
reclassification	is	made	for	financial	assets	which	are	equity	instruments	and	financial	liabilities.	For	financial	assets	which	
are	debt	instruments,	a	reclassification	is	made	only	if	there	is	a	change	in	the	business	model	for	managing	those	assets.	
Changes to the business model are expected to be infrequent. The Group’s senior management determines change in the 
business	model	as	a	result	of	external	or	internal	changes	which	are	significant	to	the	Group’s	operations.	Such	changes	are	
evident to external parties. A change in the business model occurs when the Group either begins or ceases to perform an 
activity	that	is	significant	to	its	operations.	If	the	Group	reclassifies	financial	assets,	it	applies	the	reclassification	prospectively	
from	the	reclassification	date	which	is	the	first	day	of	the	immediately	next	reporting	period	following	the	change	in	business	
model. The Group does not restate any previously recognised gains, losses (including impairment gains or losses) or interest.
2.13) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (PPE)
 Fixed assets are stated at original cost net of tax/duty credit availed, if any, less accumulated depreciation and cumulative 
impairment and those which have been revaluated are stated at the values determined by the values less accumulated 
depreciation and cumulative impairment. Cost of acquisition is inclusive of freight and other incidental expenses and interest 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 206]
|| 203 ||
on loan taken for the acquisition of qualifying assets up to the date of commissioning of assets.
	 Subsequent	 expenditure	related	to	PPE	is	capitalized	only	when	it	is	probable	that	future	economic	benefits	associated	with	
these	will	flow	to	the	group	and	cost	of	the	item	can	be	measured	reliably.	All	other	expenses	on	existing	fixed	assets,	including	
day	to	day	repair	and	maintenance	expenditure	and	cost	of	replacing	parts,	are	charged	to	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss	for	
the period during which such expenses are incurred.
	 Gain	 or	losses	arising	from	de-recognition	of	fixed	assets	are	measured	as	the	difference	between	the	net	disposable	proceeds	
and	the	carrying	amount	of	the	asset	and	are	recognized	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss	when	the	asset	is	derecognized.
 The exchange differences arising on reporting of long term foreign currency monetary items at rates different from those at 
which	they	were	initially	recorded	during	the	period,	or	reported	in	previous	financial	statements,	in	so	far	as	they	relate	to	the	
acquisition of a depreciable capital asset, have been added to or deducted from the cost of the asset and shall be depreciated 
over the balance useful life of the asset.
 Die Tooling, developed in-house, includes cost of material and other direct/ incidental expense on in-house development.
 Tangible Assets not ready for the intended use on the date of the balance Sheet are disclosed as “capital work in progress”. 
 DEPRECIATION / AMORTIZATION ON TANGIBLE FIXED ASSETS
 Depreciation is the systematic allocation of the depreciable amount of an asset over useful life. The depreciable amount of an 
asset is the cost of an asset or other amount substituted for cost, less its residual value.
A. OWNED ASSETS 
(i) Pursuant to applicability of Schedule II, of Companies Act 2013, with effect from 1 st April 2014, Management has 
reassessed the useful life of tangible assets based on the internal and external technical evaluation. The Depreciation 
on	fixed	assets	is	provided	on	straight	line	method	in	accordance	with	applicable	Schedule	of	the	Companies	Act,	2013.
(ii) Depreciation for addition to/ deductions from, owned assets is calculated on pro-rata basis from the date of such addition 
or, as the case may be, up to the date on which such asset has been sold, discarded, demolished or destroyed.
(iii) Residual values of assets have been considered at 5% of the original cost of the assets.
(iv) Difference	of	Exchange	Rate	fluctuation	on	imported	plant	and	machineries	procured	out	of	long	term	foreign	currency	
loans is amortized over the residual life of relevant plant and machineries.
(v) The depreciation calculation is based on the balance useful lives of assets and shift working. Depreciation on assets 
used on double shift basis have been increased by 50% for that period and depreciation on assets used in triple shift 
basis have been increased by 100% for that period, except for assets in respect of which no extra shift depreciation is 
permitted (indicated by NESD in Part C of the schedule).
(vi) The estimated useful lives for the categories of property, plant and equipment are:
Particulars Estimated useful life (years)
Buildings 30-60 Years
Plant and machinery 15-28 Years
Furniture and fixtures 3-10 Years
Office Equipment 3-10 Years
Vehicles 5-8 Years
B.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND AMORTIZATION
 Intangible assets are stated at original cost net of tax/duty credit availed, if any, less accumulated amortization and cumulative 
impairment.	Intangible	assets	are	recognized	when	it	is	probable	that	the	future	economic	benefits	are	attributable	to	the	asset	
will	flow	to	the	enterprise	and	the	cost	of	asset	can	be	measured	reliably.	Intangible	assets	are	amortized	over	their	estimated	
useful	life.	The	estimated	useful	life	of	an	identifiable	intangible	asset	is	based	on	number	of	factors	including	the	effects	of	
obsolescence etc.
 Intangible Assets not ready for the intended use on the date of balance sheet are disclosed as “intangible assets under 
development”
2.14) Investment Properties
 Investment properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment 
properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. The cost includes 
the cost of replacing parts and borrowing costs for long-term construction projects if the recognition criteria are met. When 
significant	parts	of	the	investment	property	are	required	to	be	replaced	at	intervals,	the	Group	depreciates	them	separately	
based	on	their	specific	useful	lives.	All	other	repair	and	maintenance	costs	are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	as	incurred.	The		
Group depreciates building on a straight line basis over a period of 30 years from the date of original purchase.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 207]
|| 204 ||
 Though the Group measures investment property using cost based measurement, the fair value of investment property is 
disclosed in notes. Fair values are determined based on an annual evaluation performed by an accredited external independent 
valuer applying a valuation model recommended by the international valuation standards committee. 
 Investment properties are derecognised either when they have been disposed of or when they are permanently withdrawn 
from	use	and	no	future	economic	benefit	is	expected	from	their	disposal.	The	difference	between	the	net	disposal	proceeds	
and	the	carrying	amount	of	the	asset	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	of	derecognition.	
 Transfers are made to (or from) investment properties only when there is a change in use. Transfer between investment 
property and owner occupied property do not change the carrying amount of the property transferred and they do not change 
the cost of that property for measurement or disclosure purpose.
2.15) BORROWINGS
 Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at 
amortized cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognized in 
profit	or	loss	over	the	period	of	the	borrowings	using	the	effective	interest	method.	Fees	paid	on	the	establishment	of	loan	
facilities are recognized as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be 
drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable 
that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalized as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortized 
over	the	period	of	the	facility	to	which	it	relates.	Borrowings	are	removed	from	the	balance	sheet	when	the	obligation	specified	
in	the	contract	is	discharged,	cancelled	or	expired.	The	difference	between	the	carrying	amount	of	a	financial	liability	that	has	
been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or 
liabilities	assumed,	is	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	as	other	income	or	finance	costs.
	 Borrowings 	are	classified	as	current	liabilities	unless	the	Group	has	an	unconditional	right	to	defer	settlement	of	the	liability	for	
at least 12 months after the reporting period.
2.16) BORROWING COST
 Borrowing cost includes interest and other costs incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds and charged to Statement 
of	Profit	&	Loss	on	the	basis	of	effective	interest	rate	(EIR)	method.	Borrowing	cost	also	includes	exchange	differences	to	the	
extent regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing cost. 
 Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial 
period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized as part of the cost of the respective asset. All other 
borrowing costs are recognized as expense in the period in which they occur.
2.17) PROVISION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
 PROVISIONS
 Provisions are recognized when the group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is 
probable that the group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the 
obligation.
 The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at 
the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision 
is	measured	using	the	cash	flows	estimated	to	settle	the	present	obligation,	its	carrying	amount	is	the	present	value	of	those	
cash	flows	(when	the	effect	of	the	time	value	of	money	is	material).
	 When	 some	or	all	of	the	economic	benefits	required	to	settle	a	provision	are	expected	to	be	recovered	from	a	third	party,	
a receivable is recognized as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the 
receivable can be measured reliably.
 CONTINGENT LIABILITES
 Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from past events whose existence will be 
confirmed	by	the	occurrence	or	non-occurrence	of	one	or	more	uncertain	future	events	not	wholly	within	the	control	of	the	
Group	or	a	present	obligation	that	arises	from	past	events	where	it	is	not	probable	that	an	outflow	of	resources	will	be	required	
to settle the obligation. A contingent liability also arises in extremely rare cases where there is a liability that cannot be 
recognized because it cannot be measured reliably.
2.18) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
 Short-term obligations
	 Liabilities	 for	wages	and	salaries,	including	non-monetary	benefits	that	are	expected	to	be	settled	wholly	within	12	months	after	
the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognized in respect of employees’ services up 
to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The 
liabilities	are	presented	as	current	employee	benefit	obligations	in	the	balance	sheet.	
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 208]
|| 205 ||
 Provident Fund & Employee State Insurance 
	 Retirement	 benefit	in	the	form	of	provident	fund	is	a	defined	contribution	scheme.	The	Group	has	no	obligation,	other	than	the	
contribution payable to the provident fund. The Group recognises contribution payable through provident fund scheme as an 
expense, when an employee renders the related services. If the contribution payable to scheme for service received before 
the	balance	sheet	date	exceeds	the	contribution	already	paid,	the	deficit	payable	to	the	scheme	is	recognised	as	liability	after	
deducting the contribution already paid. If the contribution already paid exceeds the contribution due for services received 
before the balance sheet date, then excesses recognised as an asset to the extent that the prepayment will lead to, for 
example, a reduction in future payment or a cash refund.
 Gratuity
	 The	 Employee’s	Gratuity	Fund	Scheme,	which	is	defined	benefit	plan,	is	managed	by	Trust	with	its	investments	maintained	
with Life Insurance Corporation of India. The liabilities with respect to Gratuity Plan are determined by actuarial valuation on 
projected unit credit method on the balance sheet date, based upon which the Group contributes to the Gratuity Scheme. The 
difference, if any, between the actuarial valuation of the gratuity of employees at the year end and the balance of funds is 
provided	for	as	assets/	(liability)	in	the	books.	Net	interest	is	calculated	by	applying	the	discount	rate	to	the	net	defined	benefit	
liability	or	asset.	The	Group	recognizes	the	following	changes	in	the	net	defined	benefit	obligation	under	Employee	benefit	
expense	in	statement	of	profit	or	loss:
a)  Service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments and non-routine 
settlements. 
b)  Net interest expense or income. 
 Re-measurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling, excluding amount included in net 
interest	on	the	net	defined	benefit	liability	and	the	return	on	plan	assets	(excluding	amounts	included	in	net	interest	on	the	
net	defined	benefit	liability),	are	recognised	immediately	in	the	Balance	Sheet	with	a	corresponding	debit	or	credit	to	retained	
earnings	through	other	comprehensive	income	in	the	period	in	which	they	occur.	Re	measurements	are	not	reclassified	to	
profit	or	loss	in	subsequent	periods.
 Compensated Absences
 Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed within 12 months from the end of the 
year	are	treated	as	short	term	employee	benefits.	The	obligation	towards	the	same	is	measured	at	the	expected	cost	of	
accumulating compensated absences as the additional amount expected to be paid as a result of the unused entitlement as 
at the year end. Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed beyond 12 months from 
the	end	of	the	year	are	treated	as	other	long	term	employee	benefits.	The	Group’s	liability	is	actuarially	determined	(using	the	
Projected	Unit	Credit	method)	at	the	end	of	each	year.	The	present	value	of	the	defined	benefit	obligation	is	determined	by	
discounting	the	estimated	future	cash	outflows	using	interest	rates	of	government	bonds.	Actuarial	gains	and	losses	arising	
from	experience	adjustments	and	changes	in	actuarial	assumptions	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in	which	they	
arise.	Past-service	costs	are	recognized	immediately	in	profit	or	loss.
 Other Long term incentive plan – Employee stock option plan 
 The Group provides long term incentive plan to employees via equity settled share based payments. The cost of equity-settled 
transactions is determined by the fair value at the date when the grant is made using an appropriate valuation model. That 
cost is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in employee stock option reserves in other equity, over the period 
in	which	the	performance	and/or	service	conditions	are	fulfilled	in	employee	benefits	expense.	
 The amount recognised as expense is based on the estimate of the number of awards for which the related service and non-
market vesting conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an expense is based on the 
number of awards that do meet the related service and non-market vesting conditions at the vesting date. For share-based 
payment	awards	with	non-vesting	conditions,	the	grant	date	fair	value	of	the	share-based	payment	is	measured	to	reflect	such	
conditions and there is no true-up for differences between expected and actual outcomes.
2.19) Foreign Currency Translation
i)  Functional and Presentation currency
	 The	 functional	currency	of	the	Group	is	Indian	Rupee.	These	financial	statements	are	presented	in	Indian	Rupee	(rounded	off	
to lakhs).
ii)  Transaction and balances
 The foreign currency transactions are recorded, on initial recognition in the functional currency, by applying to the foreign 
currency amount the spot exchange rate between the functional currency and the foreign currency at the date of the transaction.
 The foreign currency monetary items are translated using the closing rate at the end of each reporting period. Non-monetary 
items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency shall be translated using the exchange rate at the date 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 209]
|| 206 ||
of the transaction. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at rates 
different	from	those	at	which	they	were	translated	on	initial	recognition	during	the	period	or	in	previous	financial	statements	
shall	be	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in	which	they	arise.
(iii)  Exchange differences
	 Foreign	 exchange	differences	recorded	as	an	adjustment	to	borrowing	costs	are	presented	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss,	
within	finance	cost.	All	other	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	are	presented	in	the	statement	of	profit	and	loss	on	net	basis.
2.20)  SEGMENT REPORTING
 The Group deals in only one business segment of manufacturing and sale of auto ancillary equipment’s and the chief 
operating decision maker (CODM) reviews the operations of the Group as a whole, hence there is no reportable segments 
as per Ind AS 108 “Operating Segments”. The management considers that the various goods and services provided by 
the Group constitutes single business segment, since the risk and rewards from these services are not different from one 
another.
2.21)  EARNING PER SHARE
	 Basic	 earnings	per	share	are	calculated	by	dividing	the	net	profit	or	loss	for	the	year	attributable	to	equity	shareholders	(after	
deducting attributable taxes and dividend on cumulative preference shares for the year) by the weighted average number of 
equity shares outstanding during the year.  Partly paid equity shares are treated as a fraction of an equity share to the extent 
that they were entitled to participate in dividends relative to a fully paid equity share during the reporting period.  The weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for event of bonus issue/right issue etc.; bonus 
element in a rights issue to existing shareholders; share split; and reverse share split (consolidation of shares).
	 For	 the	purpose	of	calculating	diluted	earnings	per	share,	the	net	profit	or	loss	for	the	period	attributable	to	equity	shareholders	
and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential 
equity shares.
2.22)  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
 The	preparation	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	requires	the	management	to	make	judgments,	estimates	and	
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, 
and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these judgements, assumptions and estimates could result in 
outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in future periods. 
a)  Group as a leases 
 The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered 
by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to 
terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised. 
 The Group has lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The Group applies judgement in 
evaluating whether it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease. That 
is, it considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or termination. 
After	the	commencement	date,	the	Group	reassesses	the	lease	term	if	there	is	a	significant	event	or	change	in	
circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to 
terminate	(e.g.,	construction	of	significant	leasehold	improvements	or	significant	customization	to	the	leased	asset).
b)  Taxes 
 Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of tax regulations, changes in tax laws, and the amount and 
timing of future taxable income. Given the wide range of business relationships differences arising between the actual 
results and the assumptions made, or future changes to such assumptions, could necessitate future adjustments 
to tax income and expense already recorded. The Group establishes provisions, based on reasonable estimates. 
The amount of such provisions is based on various factors, such as experience of previous tax audits and differing 
interpretations of tax regulations by the taxable entity and the responsible tax authority.
c) Defined benefits Plan
 The	cost	of	the	defined	benefit	plan	and	other	post-employment	benefits	and	the	present	value	of	such	obligation	are	
determined using actuarial valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions that may differ from 
actual developments in future. These includes the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases, mortality 
rates	and	attrition	rate.	Due	to	the	complexities	involved	in	the	valuation	and	its	long-term	nature,	a	defined	benefit	
obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.
d)    Fair value measurement of financial instrument
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 210]
|| 207 ||
	 When	 the	fair	values	of	financial	assets	and	financial	liabilities	recorded	in	the	balance	sheet	cannot	be	measured	based	
on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including the Discounted 
Cash Flow (DCF) model. The inputs to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, but where 
this is not feasible, a degree of judgment is required in establishing fair values. Judgments include considerations 
of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the 
reported	fair	value	of	financial	instruments.
E)  Impairment of financial assets 
	 The	 impairment	provisions	of	financial	assets	are	based	on	assumptions	about	risk	of	default	and	expected	loss	rates.	
The Group uses judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based 
on Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting 
period. 
F)  Impairment of non-financial assets 
 The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any 
indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the asset’s 
recoverable amount.
 An assets recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s CGU’S fair value less cost of disposal and its value in use. 
Where the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and 
is written down to its recoverable amount. 
	 In	 assessing	value	in	use,	the	estimated	future	cash	flows	are	estimated	based	on	past	trend	and	discounted	to	their	
present	value	using	a	pre-tax	discount	rate	that	reflects	current	market	assessments	of	the	time	value	of	money	and	
the	risks	specific	to	the	asset.	In	determining	fair	value	less	costs	of	disposal,	recent	market	transactions	are	taken	
into	account.	If	no	such	transactions	can	be	identified,	an	appropriate	valuation	model	is	used.	These	calculations	are	
corroborated by valuation multiples, or other fair value indicators. 
	 The	 Group	assesses	where	climate	risks	could	have	a	significant	impact,	such	as	the	introduction	of	emission-
reduction legislation that may increase manufacturing costs. These risks in relation to climate-related matters are 
included as key assumptions where they materially impact the measure of recoverable amount, these assumptions 
have	been	included	in	the	cash-flow	forecasts	in	assessing	value-in-use	amounts.	
G)  Provision for warranty 
	 Provisions	 for	warranties	is	measured	at	discounted	present	value	using	pre-tax	discount	rate	that	reflects	the	
current	market	assessments	of	the	time	value	of	money	and	the	risks	specific	to	the	liability.	Warranty	provisions	is	
determined based on the historical percentage of warranty expense to sales for the same types of goods for which 
the warranty is currently being determined. The same percentage to the sales is applied for the current accounting 
period to derive the warranty expense to be accrued. It is very unlikely that actual warranty claims will exactly match 
the historical warranty percentage, so such estimates are reviewed annually for any material changes in assumptions 
and likelihood of occurrence.
H)  Provision for expected credit losses (ECL) of trade receivables 
 The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on days 
past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by geography, product 
type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit insurance). The provision 
matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust 
the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. At every reporting date, the historical observed 
default rates are updated and changes in the forward looking estimates are analyzed. 
 The assessment of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs 
is	a	significant	estimate.	The	amount	of	ECLs	is	sensitive	to	changes	in	circumstances	and	of	forecast	economic	
conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be 
representative of customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade 
receivables and contract assets is disclosed in Notes.
I)  Property, Plant and Equipment, investment properties and intangible assets 
	 Property,	 Plant	and	Equipment,	investment	property,	and	intangible	assets	represent	significant	portion	of	the	asset	
base of the Group. The charge in respect of periodic depreciation is derived after determining an estimate of assets 
expected useful life and expected value at the end of its useful life. The useful life and residual value of Group’s assets 
are determined by Management at the time asset is acquired and reviewed periodically including at the end of each 
year. The useful life is based on historical experience with similar assets in anticipation of future events, which may 
have impact on their life such as change in technology.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 211]
|| 208 ||
J)  Leases - Estimating the incremental borrowing rate 
 The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, therefore, it uses its incremental borrowing 
rate (IBR) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over 
a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-
use	asset	in	a	similar	economic	environment.	The	IBR	therefore	reflects	what	the	Group	‘would	have	to	pay’,	which	
requires	estimation	when	no	observable	rates	are	available	(such	as	for	subsidiaries	that	do	not	enter	into	financing	
transactions)	or	when	they	need	to	be	adjusted	to	reflect	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	lease.	The	Group	estimates	
the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-
specific	estimates.
K)  Revenue from contracts with customers
 The Group applies the judgements in respect to transactions relating to tooling development, Principal versus agent 
consideration	that	significant	financing	component	in	a	contract	that	significantly	affect	the	determination	of	the	amount	
and timing of revenue from contracts with customers.   
        AUDITORS’ REPORT
	 							Certified	in	terms	of	our	separate	report	of	even	date	annexed.	
                                 
 
 AUDITORS’ REPORT
 Certified	in	terms	of	our	separate	report	of	even	date	annexed.
For  AKR & Associates Sanjay Garg Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Ajit Singh Chatha Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Virander Kumar Arya
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Mohan	Joshi 
Sukhvinder Khanna Deputy Managing Director 
Deva Bharathi Reddy
per Kailash Kumar Directors Manohar lal Jain
Partner Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
       
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 212]
|| 209 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Note-3 Property, Plant and Equipment
Particulars Freehold 
land
Leasehold 
Land Building Office 
equipments
Furniture 
and fixtures
Plant and 
machinery Vehicle Total
Gross Carrying 
Value  
Balance as at  
31st March, 2024 13,554.87  1,207.17 48,840.73 1,606.72       7,407.03 213,832.01 2,077.12  288,525.64 
Additions       -                  -     819.02   105.48          195.11  27,291.00 291.65   28,702.25 
Disposals  (842.75)                -                   -     (8.14)          (98.52)   (3,926.08) (70.14) (4,945.64)
Balance as at  
31st March, 2025 12,712.12 1,207.17 49,659.74 1,704.06       7,503.61 237,196.93 2,298.62  312,282.25 
Additions   -                  -    5,116.47 149.42              6.03 27,825.16 91.86  33,188.95 
Disposals  -                  -                   -    (10.68)                 -     (1,961.06) (42.18) (2,013.91)
Balance as at  
31st March, 2026 12,712.12 1,207.17 54,776.21 1,842.80       7,509.64 263,061.04 2,348.30 343,457.29 
 
Accumulated 
Depreciation  
Balance as at  
31st March, 2024    -   212.22 12,429.00 1,192.82       6,534.88  103,885.68 1,684.10  125,938.70 
Additions      -   12.06 1,568.15 136.65          197.97  9,056.05 105.02    11,075.90 
Disposals -                  -                   -    (6.99)          (93.29)  (2,633.09) (67.56)  (2,800.93)
Balance as at  
31st March, 2025    -   224.28 13,997.15 1,322.47       6,639.57 110,308.64 1,721.56 134,213.67 
Additions  -   12.06 1,684.28 161.71          163.03 11,456.85 97.83  13,575.76 
Disposals        -                  -                   -     (10.14)                 -     (993.48)  (37.93) (1,041.56)
Balance as at  
31st March, 2026       -   236.34 15,681.43  1,474.04       6,802.60  120,772.01 1,781.45 146,747.87 
 Net carrying 
amount  
Balance as at  
31st March, 2024 13,554.87  994.95  36,411.73 413.90          872.15 109,946.33 393.02  162,586.95 
Balance as at  
31st March, 2025 12,712.12 982.89  35,662.59  381.59          864.04 126,888.29 577.06 178,068.58 
Balance as at  
31st March, 2026 12,712.12 970.83 39,094.78 368.76          707.04 142,289.03 566.85  196,709.41 
Notes:
1)The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee), as disclosed in Note 3 on Property, plant and equipment and Note 5 on 
Other	Intangible	Assets	to	the	financial	statements,	are	held	in	the	name	of	the	Company.	However	land	lying	in	the	books	of	the	
subsidiary company (“AACL”) that was transferred by virtue of the demerger scheme of Asia Motor Works Limited (“AMWL”) is 
not yet registered in the name of the subsidiary company.
2) Land for Oragadam plant in Chennai is obtained on 99 years of lease basis from State Industrial Promotion corporation of 
Tamilnadu Limited(SIPCOT), a Government of Tamilnadu enterprises. The total cost of Lease hold land got paid upfornt and is 
being amortised over a period of 99 years. Accordingly a sum of Rs. 12.06 Lacs (Previous year Rs. 12.06 Lacs) is amortised 
during the period.
3) There is no change in the carrying value of Assets on the account of Revaluation of Assets.
4) Capital expenditure incurred on R & D Centre
Particular FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana
Plant & Machinery R & D                -                   -    1,672.59 572.13    804.87               -   
Data Processing Equipments-R&D           22.56              4.89                  -                   -   40.90          15.59 
Die Tooling (R&D)                -                   -   918.16                 -      218.48               -   
Total           22.56             4.89  2,590.74 572.13 1064.24 15.59
Less: Transfer/adjustments                -                   -                     -          -                 -   
Total R&D Capital Expenditure           22.56             4.89  2,590.74  572.13 1,064.24           15.59 

[page 213]
|| 210 ||
Note-4 Capital Work-in-Progress  
Particulars Amount
   
Balance as at  31st March, 2024              36,255.68 
Balance as at  31st March, 2025              28,776.58 
Balance as at  31st March, 2026              15,447.65 
Notes:          
I) Ageing of Capital work in Progress is as below:
Balance as at  31st March, 2026          
Particulars Less than 
1 year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 
3 Years Total
Capital work in Progress 14,170.57                 -    - 1,277.08 15,447.65 
           
Balance as at  31st March, 2025          
Particulars Less than 
1 year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 
3 Years Total
Capital work in Progress 21,214.60      5,890.78  - 1,671.20 28,776.58 
           
II) CWIP shown more than 3 years as on 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2025 are the balances of subsidiary company 
AACL acquired during FY 2023-24  on the account of order issued by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”), 
Ahmedabad Bench approving the resolution plan submitted by the Steel Strips Wheels Limited  under section 31 of the Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
III) There are no projects lying in Capital work in progress which have been exceeded from its timeline of completion.
IV) There are no projects which have been suspended during the year.
Note-5 Other Intangible Assets
Particulars  Amount 
   
Gross Carrying Value  
Balance as at  31st March, 2024                   521.63 
Additions                          -   
Disposals                          -   
Balance as at  31st March, 2025                   521.63 
Additions                          -   
Disposals                          -   
Balance as at  31st March, 2026                   521.63 
   
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
5) Revenue expenditure incurred on R & D Centre
Particular FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana
Salaries, Wages And Other Allowances 1,479.07 496.63 1,307.01 439.57 1,243.63 357.60 
Power & Fuel  22.54 1.39 19.91 1.45 111.87  4.77 
Travelling And Conveyance 41.14 11.87 83.72 6.86  19.51 1.50 
Total R&D Revenue Expenditure 1,542.75 509.89 1,410.64 457.88 1,375.01 363.87 
Leases        As at  
31st March 2026 
As at  
31st March 2025
a)	Not	later	than	one	year        12.06    12.06 
b)	Later	than	one	year	but	not	later	than	five	years         48.24     48.24 
c)	Later	than	five	years         910.53   922.59 
The	company	has	used	deemed	cost	exemption	under	Ind	AS	101	as	on	the	date	of	transition	to	Ind	AS. 

[page 214]
|| 211 ||
Accumulated Depreciation  
Balance as at  31st March, 2024                   429.47 
Additions                     14.58 
Disposals                          -   
Balance as at  31st March, 2025                   444.05 
Additions                     14.58 
Disposals                          -   
Balance as at  31st March, 2026                   458.63 
   
Net carrying amount  
Balance as at  31st March, 2024                     92.16 
Balance as at  31st March, 2025                     77.58 
Balance as at  31st March, 2026                     63.00 
Note-5(a) Right to Use Asset And Lease Liabilites  
Gross Carrying Value  
Balance as at  31st March, 2024                   129.82 
Additions                          -   
Disposals                          -   
Balance as at  31st March, 2025                   129.82 
Additions                   247.92 
Disposals                          -   
Balance as at  31st March, 2026                   377.74 
   
Accumulated Depreciation  
Balance as at  31st March, 2024                     28.63 
Additions                     11.39 
Disposals                          -   
Balance as at  31st March, 2025                     40.02 
Additions                     14.65 
Disposals                          -   
Balance as at  31st March, 2026                     54.67 
   
Net carrying amount  
Balance as at  31st March, 2024                    101.19 
Balance as at  31st March, 2025                     89.80 
Balance as at  31st March, 2026                   323.07 
The movement in lease liabilities is as follows    
Particulars As at 31 
March 2026
As at 31 
March 2025
Balance at the beginning        20.20                      45.31 
Addition during the year      247.92                           -   
Deletion during the year - -
Finance cost accrued during the year          8.22                        4.53 
Payment of lease liabilities       (29.53)                     (29.64)
Balance at the end       246.81                      20.20 
     
Current maturities of lease liabilities          4.96                      20.20 
Non-current lease liabilities      241.85                           -   
     
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 215]
|| 212 ||
Amount recognised in the statement of Profit and loss during the year:
Particulars As at 31 
March 2026
As at 31 
March 2025
Depreciation charge of right of use assets        14.65                      11.39 
Finance cost incurred during the year          8.22                        4.53 
Total        22.87                       15.92 
     
Notes:    
I) The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities is 9.00% - 10.00%
II)	The	Group	does	not	face	significant	liquidity	risk	with	regard	to	its	lease	liabilities	as	the	current	assets	are	sufficient	to	meet	
the obligation related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
 As at  
31st March 2025 
Note 6. Non-current investments
A. Investment in Associates 
Unquoted equity investments valued at cost (unless otherwise stated)
Investment in Associates
57,151 (Previous year 57,151) Equity Shares of Face Value of Rs.10/- Each of Clean 
Max Astria Pvt Limited*                   1,030.62               1,029.40 
Sub total (A)                   1,030.62               1,029.40 
   
B. Others
Unquoted equity investments valued at cost (unless otherwise stated)
Investment in Equity Shares
1,12,500 (Previous year 1,12,500) Equity Shares of                       11.25                    11.25 
Rs.	10/-	each	of	Nimbua	Greenfield	(Punjab)	Association	{formerly	Nimbua	Greenfield	
(Punjab) Limited}
81,534(Previous year 81,534) equity shares of                         8.15                      8.15 
Rs. 10/- Each of Echanda Urja Pvt. Limited.
Sub total (B)                        19.40                    19.40 
Grand Total                   1,050.02               1,048.80 
Aggregate amount of quoted investments                             -                           -   
Aggregate amount of Un-quoted investments                   1,050.02               1,048.80 
Notes:
I)	*	During	the	financial	year	2024-25,	the	Company	has	entered	into	the	Supplementary	Shareholders	Agreement	on	10.09.2024	
with Clean Max Astria private Limited (CMAPL), Associate Company for further investing an amount of Rs. 693.10 Lacs in 
CMAPL by way of subscription of equity shares through right issue. With this additional investment, total amount invested 
in the CMAPL is Rs.1089.11 Lacs ( holding 57,151 shares which represents 26% of the total share capital of CMAPL). As 
the	Company	has	significant	influence,	the	investment	has	been	accounted	as	investment	in	associate	as	per	Ind	AS	28	-	
Investments in associates and joint ventures. 
II)		The	group	has	identified	the	investments	where	indicators	of	impairment	exists	and	performed	an	impairment	assessment	on	
those nvestments as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 to ascertain the recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is 
determined based on value in use calculation. The group adjusts the carrying value of the investment for the consequential 
impairment loss, if any. Refer Note 52 (C).
Note 7. Loans
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
Advance recoverable in cash or kind                       35.00                    35.00 
Less :- Provisions for Doubtful Advances( Other loan & advances)                       35.00                    35.00 
                           -                           -   
1)  SSWL has entered into an agreement for purchase of land admeasuring 304 kanals approx at village Bir Farozari, Distt. 
Panchkula, at cost of Rs. 133.00 Lacs for setting up an auto component unit.  Pending the same , the advance of Rs. 35.00 
Lacs paid by the group has been shown as advances recoverable and being under legal suit, a provision for the same has 
been made. 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 216]
|| 213 ||
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
 As at  
31st March 2025 
Note:- 8. Other financial assets (non-current)
Security deposits                   1,202.09               1,276.64 
Income tax Refundable of earlier years                      382.21                    98.02 
                  1,584.30               1,374.66 
Note:- 9. Other non-current assets
Capital advances                   4,257.11               2,772.54 
Prepaid expenses                      124.66                  126.25 
                  4,381.77               2,898.79 
Note:-10 Inventories
(Valued at cost, unless otherwise stated)
a) Raw material
- Raw Material & Components (in hand)                 24,089.79              17,936.79 
- Raw Material & Components (in transit)                 13,313.60              11,556.81 
b) Work in Progress                 12,185.97               8,410.52 
c) Finished Goods                   8,326.27               8,681.18 
d) Stores & Spares                 32,063.57              25,497.02 
e) Scrap                   5,236.35               2,193.87 
                95,215.55              74,276.19 
Note:- 11 Trade receivables
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
Unsecured, considered good                 60,895.74              48,637.38 
Unsecured, considered doubtful                       20.26                    20.26 
                60,916.00              48,657.64 
Less :- Provisions for Doubtful Debtors                       20.26                    20.26 
                60,895.74             48,637.38 
Ageing Schedule of Trade Receivables is as below:
As at  31st March 2026
Trade receivable Not Due
Less 
than 6 
months
6 months 
-1 year 1-2 Year 2-3 year
More 
than 3 
Years
Total 
a) Undisputed Considered good 52,339.27 8,376.05          118.31       39.74 15.35         7.02 60,895.74 
b) Undisputed Considered Doubtful              -                 -                   -              -          -         20.26      20.26 
c) Disputed Considered good              -                 -                   -              -               -              -                           -   
d)Disputed Considered Doubtful              -                 -                   -              -           -              -                           -   
Total 52,339.27 8,376.05          118.31       39.74           15.35       27.28 60,916.00 
As at 31st March 2025
Trade receivable Not Due
Less 
than 6 
months
6 months 
-1 year 1-2 Year 2-3 year
More 
than 3 
Years
Total 
a) Undisputed Considered good 35,006.46 13,105.02          372.40     146.48 3.43         3.59 48,637.38 
b) Undisputed Considered Doubtful              -                 -                   -              -              -         20.26 20.26 
c) Disputed Considered good  - - - - -   -                         -   
d)Disputed Considered Doubtful              -                 -                   -              -            -    -                         -   
Total 35,006.46 13,105.02          372.40     146.48          3.43 23.85  48,657.64 
Notes:
I)   Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are usually on trade terms based on credit worthiness of customers as per  
the terms of contract with customers.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 217]
|| 214 ||
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Note:- 12 Cash and bank balances
 
Balances with banks 
  -Current account                      626.87                  736.77 
Cash in hand                       12.25                      7.47 
                     639.12                  744.24 
Notes:
I) There are no restrictions with regard to cash and bank balances as at the end of the reporting period and prior period.
Note:- 13. Other Bank Balances
Unpaid dividend accounts                      123.72                    47.37 
Fixed deposits maturing within 12 months*                      377.17                  217.89 
                    500.89                  265.26 
Notes:
1.Fixed deposits with banks are held under lien against issuance of bank guarantees amounting to Rs.11.02 crores.
2.Unpaid dividend account does not include any amount payable to Investor Education and Protection Fund which is due and 
unpaid
Note:- 14. Loans
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
Advances Recoverable in Cash or in Kind (Short Term)                      536.89                  377.77 
                    536.89                  377.77 
Note:- 15. Other financial assets
Interest Accrued But Not Received                         6.39                         -   
                        6.39                         -   
Note:-16. Current/Non-current tax assets/ liabilities (net)
Advance Tax/ Tax Deducted at Source                             -                    347.50 
                           -                    347.50 
Note:-17. Other  current assets
Balance with Statutory Authorities                      102.64                  324.67 
GST/VAT Recoverable                   5,486.37               2,378.13 
Prepaid Expenses                      195.12                  205.35 
                  5,784.13               2,908.15 
Less :- Provisions for Doubtful Advances                             -                           -   
                  5,784.13               2,908.15 
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Note:- 18  Equity Share Capital
Authorised No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity Shares of Re.1/-each 19,00,00,000 1,900.00 19,00,00,000 1,900.00 
Preference shares of Rs. 145/- each Optionally Convertible 
cumulative or Non Cumulative 12,00,000 1,740.00 12,00,000 1,740.00 
 
Issued, Subscribed and Fully paid up No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity	Shares	of		₹	1/-	each	 15,71,80,425 1,571.80 15,69,29,325 1,569.29 
 
a) Reconciliation of the number of shares and amount outstanding 
at the beginning and at the end of the reporting year No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity shares at the beginning of the year        15,69,29,325             1,569.29 15,69,29,325 1,569.29 
Add: Issued during the year (Equity shares of Rs. 1/- each)               2,51,100                    2.51      -                           -   
Equity shares at the end of the year        15,71,80,425             1,571.80        15,69,29,325                1,569.29 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 218]
|| 215 ||
b) Rights,Preferences and restrictions attached to shares
The Company has issued only one class of shares i.e. equity shares of face value (FV) Re. 1/- per share. Each equity shareholder 
is entitled to one vote per share. All equity shares rank pari passu and carry equal rights with respect to voting and dividend. The 
dividend proposed by the board of directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, 
except in the case of interim dividend.
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after 
distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders. 
Further, the Company has not issued any preference shares until now.
c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Parent Company
Name of shareholder
As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
No of shares % holding No of shares % holding
Sh. DHEERAJ GARG          4,64,02,280                  29.52          4,64,02,280                    29.57 
SAB INDUSTRIES LIMITED          1,32,41,870                    8.42          1,32,41,870                      8.44 
SAB UDYOG LIMITED          1,14,25,820                    7.27          1,14,25,820                      7.28 
TATA STEEL LIMITED          1,08,69,720                    6.92          1,08,69,720                      6.93 
SUMITOMO METAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED             85,00,000                    5.41             85,00,000                      5.42 
d) Share Reserved for Issue under Options outstanding as at the end of the year  (refer note no. 47)
e) Details of Promoter’s shareholding in the Company  
S.No. Name of Promoter/Promoter Group
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
% change 
during the 
year*
No. of shares 
(FV @RS. 1/-
each)
% of total 
shares of the 
Company
No. of shares 
(FV @RS. 1/-
each)
% of total 
shares of the 
Company
  Individuals          
1 SH. DHEERAJ GARG          4,64,02,280                  29.52          4,64,02,280                    29.57          (0.05)
2 SH. R K GARG             30,55,333                    1.94             30,55,333                      1.95          (0.01)
3 MS. PRIYA GARG               8,45,620                    0.54               8,45,620                      0.54         -
4 SMT. SUNENA GARG             55,99,574                    3.56             55,99,574                      3.57          (0.01)
5 MS. MAYA LOUISE GARG - - - - -
6 MS. AMIYA JAIN - - - - -
7 SH. TAAVISSH JAIN - - - - -
8 R.K. GARG AND SONS HUF (R K GARG)                        -                         -                          -                           -                 -   
  TOTAL (A)          5,59,02,807                  35.57          5,59,02,807                    35.62          (0.07)
  Promoter Body Corporate          
1  SAB INDUSTRIES LIMITED 1,32,41,870                    8.42          1,32,41,870                      8.44          (0.02)
2  SAB UDYOG LIMITED 1,14,25,820                    7.27          1,14,25,820                      7.28          (0.01)
3 CHANDIGARH DEVELOPERS PRIVATE 
LIMITED        60,47,935                    3.85             60,47,935                      3.85               -   
4  DHG MARKETING PRIVATE LIMITED        50,10,940                    3.19             50,10,940                      3.19               -   
5  MALWA CHEMTEX UDYOG LTD        38,50,000                    2.45             38,50,000                      2.45               -   
6 CHANDIGARH AIRCRAFT MANAGEMENT 
SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED          3,64,080                    0.23               3,64,080                      0.23               -   
7 STEEL STRIPS FINANCIERS PVT LTD          2,00,000                    0.13               2,00,000                      0.13               -   
8 MUNAK INTERNATIONAL PVT LTD             22,500                    0.01                 22,500                      0.01               -   
9 S S CREDITS PVT LTD             16,000                    0.01                 16,000                      0.01               -   
10 S J MERCANTILE PRIVATE LIMITED             12,000                    0.01                 12,000                      0.01               -   
11 MALWA HOLDINGS PVT LTD               4,000                    0.00                   4,000                      0.00               -   
12 MUNAK INVESTMENTS PVT LTD               4,000                    0.00                   4,000                      0.00               -   
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)

[page 219]
|| 216 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
13 STEEL STRIPS HOLDINGS PRIVATE 
LIMITED               1,200                    0.00                   1,200                      0.00               -   
14 INDIAN ACRYLICS LIMITED                        -                         -                          -                           -                 -   
15 STEEL STRIPS INFRASTRUCTURE 
LIMITED                        -                         -                          -                           -                 -   
16 INDLON CHEMICALS LIMITED                        -                         -                          -                           -                 -   
17 SAB DEVELOPERS PRIVATE LIMITED                        -                         -                          -                           -                 -   
18 STEEL STRIPS MERCANTILE PRIVATE 
LIMITED                        -                         -                          -                           -                 -   
19 INDIAN ACRYLICS INVESTMENTS 
LIMITED                        -                         -                          -                           -                 -   
20 STEEL STRIPS INDUSTRIES LIMTED                         -                         -                          -                           -                 -   
21 HANSRAJ TRUST (R K GARG)                        -                         -                          -                           -                 -   
22 MUNAK FINANCIERS PVT LTD*                        -                         -                          -                           -                 -   
  TOTAL (B)          4,02,00,345                  25.58 4,02,00,345                    25.62          (0.03)
  TOTAL SHAREHOLDING (A+B)          9,61,03,152                  61.14 9,61,03,152                     61.24          (0.10)
             
Notes:          
1.			During	the	financial	year	2025-26,	the	Company	has	allotted	251100	equity	shares	of	face	value	of	Rs.	1/-	each	under	“Steel	Strips	Wheels	
Ltd.-Employee Stock Option Scheme 2021 (ESOS 2021)”. Consequently, the paid-up equity share capital of the Company increased to Rs. 
15,71,80,425 (comprising of 157180425 equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each) from Rs. 15,69,29,325 (comprising of 156929325 equity shares 
of FV Rs. 1/- each). Therefore, the percentage change in the shareholding of the Promoters & Promoter group is solely on account of such 
increase in the total issued equity share capital.
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
Note:- 19 Other Equity    
Reserves & Surplus    
Share Forfeiture Reserve                2,237.85                2,237.85 
Assistance under PATSER Scheme                     50.00                     50.00 
Capital Subsidy                     27.95                     27.95 
Capital Reserve              36,451.69                          -   
Capital Revaluation Reserve                8,764.53                8,764.53 
               47,532.02               11,080.33 
   
Securities Premium Reserve    
Opening Balance              32,301.82              32,301.82 
Addition on Allotment                     47.71                          -   
Addition on issue of shares under ESOP                   495.91                          -   
Closing Balance              32,845.44              32,301.82 
   
Share Options Outstanding Reserve    
Opening Balance                   752.12                   289.26 
Addition Employees stock option scheme expense                   730.31                   462.86 
Less: Exercise and Forfeit of employees stock option                  (495.91)                          -   
Closing Balance                   986.52                   752.12 
   
General Reserves    
Opening Balance            1,60,687.59              93,219.13 
Add : Additions during the year              19,528.48              67,468.46 
Balance as at the year end            1,80,216.07            1,60,687.59 
   
Retained Earnings                          -    
Opening Balance             (43,823.14)                5,763.84 
Add	Profit	for	the	year              19,021.84              19,528.48 
Add	Re-measurement	gain	on	defined	benefit	plans,	net	of	tax                     75.73                   (77.70)

[page 220]
|| 217 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Less  Dividend paid (including tax thereon)                1,964.76                1,569.29 
Less  Transfer to Capital Reserves              36,451.69                          -   
Less  Transfer to General Reserves              19,528.48              67,468.46 
Balance as at the year end            (82,670.49)             (43,823.14)
 
Total            1,78,909.55            1,60,998.72 
Nature and purpose of Reserves
(i) Securities premium
Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilised only for limited purposes in 
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
(ii) Retained earnings
	Retained	earnings	are	the	profits	that	the	Company	has	earned/incurred	till	date,	less	any	transfers	to	general	reserve,	dividends	
or	other	distributions	paid	to	shareholders.	Retained	earnings	include	re-measurement	loss	/	(gain)	on	defined	benefit	plans,	net	
of	taxes	that	will	not	be	reclassified	to	Statement	of	Profit	and	Loss.
(iii) Share Options Outstanding reserve
The share options-based payment reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options issued to employees under 
Employee stock option plan.
(iv) General Reserve
Under	the	erstwhile	Companies	Act	1956,	general	reserve	was	created	through	an	annual	transfer	of	net	income	at	a	specified	
percentage in accordance with applicable regulations. The purpose of these transfers was to ensure that if a dividend distribution in 
a given year is more than 10% of the paid-up capital of the parent Company for that year, then the total dividend distribution is less 
than the total distributable results for that year. Consequent to introduction of Companies Act 2013, the requirement to mandatorily 
transfer	a	specified	percentage	of	the	net	profit	to	general	reserve	has	been	withdrawn.	However,	the	amount	previously	transferred	
to	the	general	reserve	can	be	utilised	only	in	accordance	with	the	specific	requirements	of	Companies	Act,	2013.
(v) Capital revaluation reserve
Cumulative gains and losses arising on revaluation of Fixed assets measured at market value are recognised in capital revaluation 
reserve.	The	reserve	balance	represents	such	changes	recognised	net	of	amounts	reclassified	to	retained	earnings	on	disposal	
of such assets.
(vi) Equity instruments through other comprehensive income
The Company has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive 
income. These changes are accumulated within the Equity instrument through other comprehensive income  reserve within 
retained earnings.
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
Note:- 20 Non-current Borrowings  
(Refer note No: 46)  
Secured  
Rupee Term loans from  banks                 27,593.18                  26,669.21 
Foreign Currency Term Loans                             -                      1,192.94 
                27,593.18                  27,862.15 
Note:-21 Other Financial Liabilities  
Payables for Capital Goods - Long Term                   1,706.59                    1,954.68 
                  1,706.59                    1,954.68 
 
Note:- 21(a) Lease Liability
Lease Liability                      241.85                             -   
                     241.85                             -   
Note:- 22 Provisions  
Provision for Gratuity (refer note 43)                      828.19                      586.33 
Provision for Leave Encashment                      374.39                        30.28 
                  1,202.58                       616.61 
 

[page 221]
|| 218 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
Note:-23  Deferred tax liabilities (net) (refer note 51)  
Deferred tax liability arising on account of :  
Depreciation	and	fixed	assets                   9,266.22                    9,828.59 
                  9,266.22                   9,828.59 
 
Note:-24 Current Borrowings  
Secured  
Loan repayable on demand  
- Rupee  demand Loans from Banks                 20,536.45                  18,307.20 
 
Foreign Currency Loan  
- Buyers/Suppliers Credit loan for Raw Material from Banks                 12,822.40                  17,291.28 
 
Current maturities of long-term borrowings                 10,626.39                    9,246.43 
 
Unsecured  
From Banks                 11,011.70                  10,036.31 
                54,996.94                  54,881.22 
   
Note:-24(a) Lease Liability    
Current Maturities of Lease Liability                         4.96                        20.21 
                        4.96                        20.21 
 
Nature of Securities  
Loan payable on Demand  
Notes:  
I)			1st	pari	passu	charge	by	way	of	hypothecation	of	entire	current	asset	constituted	of	raw	materials,	stock	in	process,	finished	
goods, consumable stores, book debts, bills whether documentary or clean outstanding monies, receivables both present and 
future of the group. 2nd pari-passu charge is on entire Fixed Assets of the group other than exclusively charged
 II) In pursuant to borrowing taken by the group from banks on security of current assets, the group companies incorporated in 
India are required to submit the information periodically which includes the stock statement, book debts statement, revenue, 
trade	receivable	and	trade	payable	etc.	During	the	year	the	Group	has	filed	quarterly	returns	or	statements	with	the	banks	in	
lieu of the sanctioned working capital facilities, which are in agreement with the books of accounts.
III) The Group do not have any charges or satisfaction of charges which is yet to be registered  with ROC beyond the statutory 
period
IV)	The	Group	has	not	made	any	default	in	the	repayment	of	loans	to	banks	and	other	financial	institutions	including	interest	
thereon.
V)  The term loans have been used for the purpose for which they were obtained and funds raised for a short term basis have 
not been used for long term   purposes
 
Foreign Currency Loan  
Buyer credit/RA Financing/Suppliers Credit loans are secured by way of lien on Non-Funds based Working Capital Limits and 
counter indemnity of the group.
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
As at  
31st March 2025
Note:- 25 Trade payables  
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises                   5,079.17                    3,586.68 
Others                 95,110.73                  71,714.60 
 
              1,00,189.90                  75,301.28 

[page 222]
|| 219 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
III) Ageing Schedule of Trade Payable is as below:   
As at  31st March 2026            
Particulars  Not Due  Less than 
1 year  1-2 year  2-3  years  More than 
3 years  Total 
Undisputed MSME       4,700.22            378.95           -                -                               -   5,079.17 
Undisputed others     92,889.86 2,215.90           -                -     4.97      95,110.73 
Disputed MSME                -                     -             -                -                               -                               -   
Disputed Others                -                     -             -                -                               -                               -   
           
As at  31st March 2025            
Particulars  Not Due  Less than 
1 year  1-2 year  2-3  years  More than 
3 years  Total 
Undisputed MSME       3,511.81              74.87           -                -                               -   3,586.68 
Undisputed others     66,463.76 5,245.87           -                -   4.97  71,714.60 
Disputed MSME                -                     -             -                -                               -                               -   
Disputed Others                -                     -             -                -                               -                               -   
Notes:
In	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	the	company	enters	into	supplier	financing	arrangements.	These	arrangements	allow	
suppliers	to	receive	payment	of	their	invoices	through	a	third	party	financial	institution.	The	Financial	instiution	pay	the	supplier	
early at a discounted rate, and the company settles the outstanding balance directly with the Financing Institution at the end of 
the agreed terms.
Additional	Information	about	the	Company’s	trade	paybles	is	provided	in	the	table	below:- 
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
Carrying	amount	of	financial	liabilities	subject	to	supplier	finance	arrangement  
Presented in Trade payables  67,650.02 44,216.15 
-	of	which	supplier	have	received	the	payment	from	the	financial	institution 49,484.33   * 
Range of payment due date    
Trade Payable subject to supplier Finance arrangemnet(days after invoice date) 0-120days *
Comparable Trade Payables (days after invoice date)  0-120days  * 
*The company applied transitional relief available under Supplier Finance arrangements(Amendment to Ind AS 7 and Ind AS 107) 
and	has	not	provided	comparative	information	in	the	first	year	of	adoption
Non Cash Changes
There	were	no	significant	non-cash	changes	in	the	carrying	amount	of	financial	liabilities	subject	to	supplier	finance	arrangements.
The	payments	to	the	financial	institutions	are	included	within	the	operating	cash	flows	because	they	continue	to	be	part	of	the	
normal operating cycle of the company and their principal nature remains operating i.e. payment for the purchase of goods and 
services.
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
Note:- 26 Other financial liabilities  
Unclaimed dividend                      123.72                        47.36 
                     123.72                        47.36 
   
   
Note:-27. Current/Non-current tax assets/ liabilities (net)  
Advance income tax (net of prov.)                   1,106.51                             -   
                   1,106.51                             -   

[page 223]
|| 220 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Note:- 28 Provisions  
Provision	for	Employee	benefits  
i) Provision for Gratuity (refer note 43)                         1.73                      523.51 
ii) Provision for Leave Encashment                      141.73                        95.23 
                     143.46                       618.74 
 
Note:- 29 Other Current liabilities  
Advances from customers                        44.14                             -   
Due to directors                      791.87                      834.17 
Government dues                      604.43                    2,003.92 
Other Payables                   4,640.23                    3,354.34 
                  6,080.67                    6,192.43 
Particulars  For the Year Ended 
31st March 2026 
For the Year Ended           
31st March 2025
Note:- 30 Revenue from operations
Operating revenues
Sale of products 
Export                         45,351.35                           56,117.09 
Domestic                       4,72,143.14                         3,85,359.37 
                     5,17,494.49                        4,41,476.46 
Other Operating revenue
Duty Draw back Income                              495.37                             1,169.70 
Job Work Income                              290.39                                253.67 
                             785.76                             1,423.37 
                     5,18,280.25                        4,42,899.83 
Note:- 31 Other Income
Interest income                              115.24                                222.97 
Profit	on	disposal	of	fixed	assets                              149.22                                      -   
Miscellaneous income                                51.96                                  93.79 
                             316.42                                316.76 
Note:- 32 Cost of materials consumed
Imported                         50,659.51                           46,285.44 
Indigenous                       2,95,658.24                         2,41,523.24 
                     3,46,317.75                        2,87,808.68 
Note:- 33 Change in inventories of finished goods, stock in trade and 
work -in-progress
Opening stock
     Finished Goods                           8,681.18                             8,515.76 
     Scrap                           2,193.87                                469.57 
     Work-in-Progress                           8,410.52                             8,310.95 
Less: Closing Stock
     Finished Goods                           8,326.27                             8,681.18 
     Scrap                           5,236.35                             2,193.87 
     Work-in-Progress                         12,185.97                             8,410.52 
                        (6,463.02)                           (1,989.29)

[page 224]
|| 221 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Particulars  For the Year Ended 
31st March 2026 
For the Year Ended           
31st March 2025
Note:- 34. Employee benefit expense
Salaries, Wages, Bonus & Incentives etc.                         38,301.81                           34,173.26 
Contribution to Provident and Other Funds                           1,450.36                             1,253.79 
Workmen and Staff Welfare Expenses                           1,736.40                             1,545.21 
Gratuity                              760.97                                551.61 
Employee Stock Compensation Expense (refer note 47)                              730.32                                462.86 
                        42,979.86                           37,986.73 
Note:- 35 Finance costs
a) Interest Expenses
   i) Paid to Banks
 - on Term Loan                           2,221.17                             1,946.64 
 - on Working Capital  Loan                           2,680.22                             2,702.52 
 - on Foreign Currency Loan                              129.76                                265.28 
 ii) Interest Others                           6,985.45                             6,503.30 
b) Other borrowing Charges                              305.22                                306.56 
                        12,321.82                           11,724.30 
Note. 36 Depreciation and amortisation
Property, Plant and Equipment /Intangible assets                         13,604.99                           11,113.26 
                          13,604.99                            11,113.26 
Note:- 37 Other Expenses
Store Spares Consumed :
-Imported                           3,026.71                             1,982.27 
-Indigenous                         24,521.91                           18,246.40 
Other Misc. Manufacturing Exp                           7,427.05                             6,160.29 
Power, Electricity & Water Charges  (Net)
-Manufacturing                         14,039.77                           12,728.32 
-Others                                72.37                                  65.96 
Repair and Maintenance
-Plant & Machinery                           6,664.44                             5,685.52 
-Repairs & Renewals                              539.32                                606.04 
-Vehicle Running, Repair & Maintenance                                47.63                                  91.93 
Rent                           1,440.77                             1,260.37 
Rates and Taxes                              180.33                                167.72 
Insurance                              837.45                                678.29 
Auditors’ Remuneration                                15.35                                  15.20 
Advertisement, Publicity and Sales Promotion                                 1.09                                   0.63 
Travel & Conveyance
-Directors                                16.37                                   7.13 
-Others                           1,481.45                             1,225.38 
Legal & Professional Charges                           1,718.62                             1,550.99 
Bad debts Written Off                                    -                                     0.99 
Balances Written Back/ Off (Net)                                 0.07                                   0.99 
Director’s Sitting Fees                                15.90                                  16.90 
Loss on Sale of Assets                                    -                                    13.82 
Telephone & Communication Expenses                                50.65                                  53.82 
Business Promotion                                44.85                                  43.49 
Forwarding Expenses                         20,039.16                           18,889.54 
Loss/(Gain) on Foreign Exchange Fluctuation                              862.49                                      -   
Miscellaneous Expenses **                           1,378.29                             1,167.73 
Total                         84,422.04                           70,659.72 
** Miscellaneous Expenses includes expenses under the Corporate Social 
responsibilities under Section 135 of Companies  Act 2013(Refer Note no 45)                              634.95                                569.04 

[page 225]
|| 222 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Payment to Auditors
As Auditor:
Audit fee                                 9.00                                   9.00 
Tax audit fee                                 3.00                                   3.00 
Certificate	Charges                                 3.35                                   3.20 
                                 15.35                                  15.20 
Note:- 38 Exceptional items
Exceptional income (Note I)                                    -                                        -   
                                   -                                        -   
Note: 39 Earnings per share (EPS)
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
     
Earnings per share (EPS)    
     
Basic    
Net	Profit	as	per	profit	and	loss	account                     19,021.80                  19,528.45 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year               15,71,23,326            15,69,29,325 
Earning per Share- Basic                             12.11                          12.44 
Diluted    
Net	Profit	as	per	profit	and	loss	account                     19,021.80                  19,528.45 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year               15,75,81,542            15,76,28,512 
Earning per Share- Diluted                             12.07                          12.39 
Nominal Value of Equity Share                               1.00                             1.00 
Note:- 40 Contingent Liabilities (To the Extent not provided for)
A) CONTINGENT LIABILITES 
Letter of Credit /Bank Guarantee Outstanding for Import /Purchase of Raw 
materials , Spares and Plant and Machinery                     6,022.11                   9,201.74 
B) COMMITMENTS
Estimated amount of Contracts remaining to be executed on account of 
capital account and not provided for ( net of advances)                   15,510.57                   9,913.74 
Note:- 41 Related party disclosure
1) Related Party Disclosure
a)  Key Managerial Personnel Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Managing Director
Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan, Deputy Managing Director (till June 10, 2024)
Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing Director (w.e.f August 29, 2024)
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive Director
Sh.	Naveen	Sorot,	Chief	Financial	Officer	(Till	September	12,	2025)
Sh. Shaman Jindal, Company Secretary (Till October 29, 2024)
Ms. Kanika Sapra, Company Secretary (w.e.f October 30, 2024)
Sh.	Rahul	Kumar,	Chief	Financial	Officer	(w.e.f	November	12,	2025)
b) Relatives of the KMP Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (Chairman; Non-Executive Director), Father of Sh. 
Dheeraj Garg
Smt. Sunena Garg, Mother of Sh. Dheeraj Garg
Ms. Priya Garg, Sister of Sh. Dheeraj Garg
Sh. Vinod Kumar Mittal, Relative of Sh. Manohar Lal Jain
c) Non-Executive and Independent Directors Sh. Sanjay Garg, Non-Executive Non Independent Director
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Independent Director
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya,  Independent Director

[page 226]
|| 223 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta, Independent Director
Sh. Surinder Singh Virdi, Independent Director (till September 30, 2024)
Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna, Independent Director (w.e.f October 01, 2024)
Sh. Siddharth Bansal, Independent Director
Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy, Independent Director
d) Relatives of Non-executive Director Smt. Shallu Garg, Wife of Sh. Sanjay Garg
e) Enterprises over which key management 
personnel (KMP) and their relatives are able 
to	exercise	significant	control
SAB Industries Limited, SAB Udyog Limited, Malwa Chemtex Udyog Ltd., Steel 
Strips Financiers Pvt. Ltd., Munak International Pvt. Ltd., S.S. Credits Pvt. Ltd., 
S.J. Mercantile Pvt. Ltd, Malwa Holdings Pvt. Ltd., Munak Investment Pvt. 
Ltd., Steel Strips Holding Pvt. Ltd., Chandigarh Developers Pvt. Limited, DHG 
Marketing Pvt. Ltd ,  Munak Financiers Pvt Ltd, Chandigarh Aircraft Management 
Services Pvt Limited, Steel Strips Infrastructre Limited & Hans Raj Trust.
f) Associates Clean Max Astria Private Limited 
g) Others Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Pvt Ltd ( Holding of “CMAPL”)
2) Transactions with Related Parties during the year  
 
Related Party 
Transactions
Key 
management 
Personnel 
(KMP)
 Relatives of 
KMP/ Non-
Executive 
and 
Independent 
Directors/
Relatives 
of Non-
executive 
Director 
 Enterprises 
over which 
KMP are able 
to exercise 
significant 
influences 
 Associate  Others 
Total for 
current 
Year 
2025-26
Total for 
Previous 
Year 
2024-25
Contribution for CSR 
Activities                                  -                                -                       315.00                            -                              -   315.00 319.00 
Rent Paid                                  -                                -                              -                              -                              -     -   17.02 
Sitting Fee                                  -                           15.90                            -                              -                              -   15.90   16.90 
Salary including 
commission                         1,568.90                              -                              -                              -                              -   1,568.90 1,637.18 
Perquisite value on 
Options exercised 
during the year under 
Employee stock 
Option Scheme, 2021
                          162.77                              -                              -                              -        -   162.77  -   
Issue of Equity 
Shares including 
Premium
                            13.68                              -                              -                              -      -    13.68  -   
Dividend Paid                           582.40                       120.02                     502.51                            -            -   1,204.93 959.63 
Purchase of Power                                  -                                -                              -     584.30    97.59 681.89 504.70 
Investment                                  -                                -                              -                              -                              -      -   693.10 
                       2 , 3 2 7 . 7 5                         1 3 5 . 9 2                       817.51 584.30 97.59 3,963.07 4,147.53 

[page 227]
|| 224 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
OUTSTANDING 
BALANCES
 Key 
management 
Personnel 
(KMP) 
 Relatives of 
KMP/ Non-
Executive and 
Independent 
Directors/
Relatives of 
Non-executive 
Director 
 Enterprises 
over which 
KMP are 
able to 
exercise 
significant 
influences 
 Associate  Others 
 Total 
Outstanding 
as at 31st 
March 2026 
 Total 
Outstanding 
as at 31st 
March  2025 
Payables towards 
Purchase of 
Power
                                 -                                -                              -      135.24 28.43                  163.67                   79.16 
Salary including 
commission                           853.57                              -                              -                              -                 -                    853.57                  851.51 
                          8 5 3 . 5 7                               -                              -       135.24  28.43                1 , 0 1 7 . 2 4                  930.67 
Notes:  
 I)    The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions. Outstanding 
balances at the year-end are unsecured and interest free. The settlement for these balances occurs through payment. The group 
has not recorded any impairment of receivables relating to amounts owed by related parties for the year ended 31 March 2026 
(31	March	2025:	Nil).	This	assessment	is	undertaken	each	financial	year	through	examining	the	financial	position	of	the	related	
party and the market in which the related party operates.
2)   There are no outstanding loans/advances in nature of loan to Promoters, Key Management Personnel, Director, and Related 
Party of the group.
Note:- 42. Prior period comprises of the following
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
Expenses
Sales tax demand                            -                              -   
Freight and Others                            -                              -   
Total                            -                              -   
Note:- 43. Post Retirement Benefits Plans (Ind AS 19)
Defined Benefit Plan
The group provides for gratuity for employees as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are in continuous service 
for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of gratuity payable on retirement/termination is the employees last 
drawn basic salary per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number of years of service. For the 
funded plan the group makes contributions to recognised funds in India. The group does not fully fund the liability and maintains 
a target level of funding to be maintained over a period of time based on estimations of expected gratuity payments.
Particulars  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
(i) Changes in Defined Benefit Obligation
Present value obligation as at the start of the year                   3,607.60                  3,186.56 
Interest cost                     241.35                     213.18 
Current service cost                     349.42                     503.86 
Actuarial loss/(Gains) - Experience Changes                    (564.39)                     (61.59)
Actuarial loss / (Gains)- on obligations                    (110.54)                            -   
Benefits	directly	paid	by	employer                    (197.89)                     (64.74)
Benefits	directly	paid	by	trust                            -                      (169.67)
Present value obligation as at the end of the year                  3,325.55                  3,607.60 
(ii) Change in fair value of plan assets
Fair value of plan assets as at the start of the year                   3,088.92                  2,311.69 
Interest income on plan assets                     206.65                     154.65 
Employer Contributions                            -                       750.00 
Return on plan assets greater/(lesser) than discount Rates                       28.24                       42.25 
Benefits	paid                            -                      (169.67)
Fair value of plan assets as at the end of the year                   3,323.81                  3,088.92 

[page 228]
|| 225 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
(iii) Breakup of Actuarial gain/loss:
Actuarial	(gain)/loss	arising	from	change	in	financial	assumption                    (110.54)                            -   
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from experience adjustment                    (564.39)                     (61.59)
Return on plan assets (greater)/less than discount rate                      (28.24)                     (42.25)
                   (703.17)                   (103.84)
(iv) Net Asset / (Liability) recognised in the Balance Sheet
Present value obligation as at the end of the year              (3,325.55)              (3,607.60)
Fair value of plan assets as at the end of the year               3,323.81               3,088.92 
Net Asset / (Liability) in the Balance Sheet                    (1.73)                (518.67)
(v) Amount recognized in the statement of profit and loss 
Current service cost                  349.42                 503.86 
Interest cost                  241.35                 213.18 
Interest income on plan assets                 (206.65)                (154.65)
(Income)/Expense recognised in the statement of profit and loss                  384.12                 562.39 
(vi) Remeasurements recognised in the statement of Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
Changes in Financial Assumptions                 (110.54)                        -   
Experience Adjustments                 (564.39)                  (61.59)
Return on plan assets (greater)/less than discount rate                  (28.24)                  (42.25)
Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income                  703.17                  103.84 
(vii) Actuarial assumptions
Discount Rate (p.a) 7.25% 6.69%
Salary Escalation Rate (p.a) 5.96% 5.96%
Attrition (At all ages) 10.00% 10.00%
Mortality Rate
 Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality  
(2012-14) 
 Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality       
(2012-14) 
(viii) Sensitivity analysis for gratuity liability
The sensitivity of the overall plan obligations to changes in the weighted key assumptions are:
Present value of obligation at the end of the year
Impact of the change in Discount rate (p.a)
Impact due to decrease of  1%                  204.49                 181.16 
Impact due to increase of  1%                 (182.13)                (232.27)
Impact of change in Salary Escalation rate (p.a)
Impact due to increase of  1%                  193.62                 181.14 
Impact due to decrease of  1%                 (176.60)                (234.97)
Weighted average duration of defined plan obligation at the end of reporting period  6.57 Years  5.73 Years 
Note:- 44. Segment Reporting
A) PRIMARY SEGMENT (BUSINESS SEGMENT)
A business segment is a distinguishable component of an enterprise that is engaged in providing an individual product or 
service or a group of related products or services and that is subject to risks and returns that are different from those of 
other business segments. The group’s Operation predominantly comprise of only one segment i.e manufacturing of Auto-
components. In view of the same, separate segmental information is not required to be given as per the requirements of IND 
AS 108 “Operating Segments”

[page 229]
|| 226 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
B) SECONDARY SEGMENT (GEOGRAPHICAL SEGMENT)
The analysis of geographical segment is based on the geographical location of the customers. The group operates primarily 
in India and has presence in international markets as well. Its business is accordingly aligned geographically, catering to two 
markets. The group has considered domestic and exports markets as geographical segments and accordingly disclosed 
these as separate segments. 
PARTICULARS  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
GROSS SALE REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL SEGMENT
WITHIN INDIA                5,64,125.65              4,91,043.81 
OUTSIDE INDIA                   45,351.35                 56,117.09 
TOTAL                6,09,477.00              5,47,160.90 
The	group	has	common	fixed	assets,	other	assets	and	liabilities	for	domestic	as	well	as	overseas	market.	Hence,	separate	figures	
for assets and liabilities have not been furnished.
Note: 45. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY EXPENSES  
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
A) Gross amount required to be spent by 
the Company* 552.67 562.94
B) Amount approved by the Board to be spent 634.95 569.04
C) Amount spent during the year on: In Cash
Yet to be 
paid in 
cash
Total In Cash
Yet to be 
paid in 
cash 
Total
i) Construction/Acquisition of any assets      407.17                -       407.17           432.67               -           432.67 
ii) Purposes other than (i) above      227.78               -           227.78        136.37              -       136.37 
Total amount spent during the year       634.95                  -           634.95        569.04               -   569.04 
             
D) Related party transactions in relation to Corporate Social Responsibility:
Contribution to Hansraj Trust (HRT) 315.00   -   315.00 319.00 -   319.00 
However, the HRT has spent Rs. 314.68 Lakhs and Rs.314.84 Lakhs only towards the CSR Activities for the FY 2025-26 and 
FY 2024-25, respectively, as against to the amount contributed by the Company. Accordingly, the Company has considered the 
amount actually spent by HRT towards the CSR Activities.
E) Amount earmarked for ongoing project:  	NIL	   	NIL
F) Details of excess amount spent Opening 
Balance
Amount required to be spent 
during the year
Amount 
actually spent 
during the 
year
Closing 
Balance
Details of excess amount spent for the FY 
2025-26 78.37 552.67 634.95 160.65
Details of excess amount spent for the FY 
2024-25 72.27 562.94 569.04 78.37
G) Nature of CSR activities undertaken by the Company:
The CSR initiatives of the Company aim towards inclusive development of the communities largely around the vicinity of its 
plants	and	Corporate	office.	During	the	year	under	review,	the	Company	has	undertaken	intiatives	in	the	areas	of	promotion	
of education, providing special life skills to special children, day-care facilities, sanitation and cleanliness, healthcare facilities 
including preventive health care, rural development, ensuring Environment Sustainability through a range of structured 
interventions, Green area develpment, and promotion of nationally recognized sports.
H)		There	is	no	unspent	amount	at	the	end	of	the	year	to	be	deposited	in	specified	fund	of	Schedule	VII	under	Section	135(5)	of	
the Companies Act, 2013.
I)    Since there were no ongoing projects of the company in the FY 2024-25, no amount is required to be transferred to a special 
account in compliance of Section 135(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.
*During	the	financial	year	2024-25,	an	amount	of	Rs.	78.37	lakhs	was	spent	in	excess	towards	the	Company’s	CSR	obligation	
for	the	FY	2024-25	which	was	available	for	set-off	with	the	Company’s	CSR	obligation	for	the	FY	2025-26.	Thus,	the	net	CSR	
obligation	of	the	Company	for	the	FY	2025-26	was	Rs.	474.29	lakhs.

[page 230]
|| 227 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
*During	the	financial	year	2023-24,	an	amount	of	Rs.	72.27	lakhs	was	spent	in	excess	towards	the	Company’s	CSR	obligation	
for	the	FY	2023-24	which	was	available	for	set-off	with	the	Company’s	CSR	obligation	for	the	FY	2024-25.	Thus,	the	net	CSR	
obligation	of	the	Company	for	the	FY	2024-25	was	Rs.	490.67	lakhs.
Note: 46. Securities and Terms of repayments for Secured Long term borrowings
1) Nature of Securities
a) Rupee Term Loans/ Foreign currency term loan/ NBFC
Term	Loans	from	banks,	financial	institutions	and	others	are	secured	/	to	be	secured	by	equitable	mortgage	created/	to	be	
created by deposit of title deeds of  the  group’s immovable properties for Dappar( In Punjab),Oragadam( In Chennai) & 
Seraikella(In Jharkhand) in addition to the deed of hypothecation charging group’s moveable properties, both present and 
future	and	second	charge	created	/	to	be	created	on	raw	materials,	semi-finished	goods,	consumable	stores,	finished	goods	
and book debts etc on paripassu basis. However in regard to term loan taken from Banks/Financial Institutions for Mehsana 
(Gujarat)	project,	the	said	loan	will	be	secured	(first	charge)	through	equitable	mortgage	by	deposit	of	title	deeds	of		the		group’s	
immovable properties situated at Mehsana (in Gujarat) and Second pari passu charge on all other immovable properties , 
movable properties and current assets situated at  Dappar( In Punjab),Oragadam( In Chennai) unit,  & Seraikella(In Jharkhand).
All secured loans are further secured by personal guarantee of Managing Director of the group.
2) Terms of Repayments  
Maturity	Profile	of	Secured	Term	Loans	are	as	below	:  
Particulars  1st year  2nd year  3rd year  4th year  5th year 
Term Loans - Current Year 10,626.39 9,381.12   7,817.84 4,923.55 3,781.21 
Term Loans - Previous Year 9,246.43 9,947.24 7,891.80  5,766.02       2,590.42 
3) Detail of Interest Capitalized during the year
PARTICULARS  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
Interest Capitalized during the year                      6.71               1,256.05 
Note 47. Employee stock option plan
Share Reserved for Issue under Options outstanding as at the end of the year on unissued share capital As on 1st April, 2025, the company had 1 (one) ongoing employee Stock Options scheme i.e Steel Strips Wheels Limted- 
Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 2021).
Steel Strips Wheels Limited- Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 2021)
The Company has an ongoing Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS) titled as “Steel Strips Wheels Limited - Employee Stock 
Option Scheme, 2021” (“ESOS 2021” or “the scheme”) formulated in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Share	Based	Employee	Benefits	and	Sweat	Equity)	Regulations,	2021	{SEBI(SBEB&SE)Regulations,	2021}	which	was	approved	
by the Board of Directors and subsequently by shareholders of the Company at their 35th Annual General Meeting(AGM) held 
on 30.09.2021, authorizing the company to create, offer, issue and grant, in one or more tranches, up to 5,00,000 options (now 
50,00,000	options	i.e.	adjusted	figure	after	the	sub-division	of	equity	shares)	to	the	employees	of	the	company.
As per the terms of the Scheme, all the options granted on any date shall vest not earlier than 1 (one) year and not later than 
a maximum of 4 (four) years from the respective date of grant of options as may be determined by Employee Compensation 
Committee (ECC), and each option would entitle the holder thereof to subscribe equal number of equity shares of face value 
(FV)	Rs.	10/-	each(now	FV	Rs.	1/-	i.e.	adjusted	figure	after	the	sub-division	of	equity	shares)	at	an	exercise	price	as	may	be	
determined by the ECC/ Board of Directors of the Company. Further, the Exercise period would commence from the date of 
vesting	and	will	expire	on	completion	of	5	(five)	years	from	the	respective	date	of	grant	or	such	other	shorter	period	as	may	be	
decided by “ECC” from time to time.
Thereafter, the ECC in its meeting held on 17.11.2022 had granted 500000 options (Tranche 1) to the employees of the Company. 
Each option entitled the holder thereof to subscribe one equity share of FV Rs. 1/- each at an exercise price of Rs. 20/- per share 
of the company. Out of these options, 416125 options were allotted on 12.12.2023 and 4750 options were forfeited by the ECC 
in its meeting held on 16.03.2024. Further, on 16.03.2024, ECC granted 200000 options (Tranche 2) to the employees of the 
Company.

[page 231]
|| 228 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
During the financial year 2024-25:
•   The Options granted by ECC under Tranche 2 of ESOS 2021 on 16.03.2024, vested on 16.03.2025 i.e. after completion 
of one(1) year from the date of grant and exercise period commenced from date of vesting and will expire on completion 
of 5 years from the date of grant.
•     The ECC in its meeting held on 13.03.2025 have granted 5,00,000 (Tranche 3) stock options to eligible employees of the 
company in accordance with ESOS 2021.  Each option shall entitle the holder to acquire one (1) equity share of face value 
Re. 1/- each of the Company at an exercise price of Rs. 20/- per equity share. As decided by the ECC, the Options granted 
shall vest on 13.03.2026 i.e. after completion of one(1) year from the date of grant and exercise period would commence 
from date of vesting and will expire on completion of 5 years from the date of grant.
During the financial year 2025-26:
•    The Allotment Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on 23.06.2025 had allotted 251100 
equity shares (Tranche 1 & 2) of FV of Rs. 1/- each for cash at an Exercise price of Rs. 20/- per equity share of the company 
to the employees of the company who had exercised their stock options under the ESOS 2021.
•    The ECC in its meeting held on 15.09.2025 had forfeited 20000 options out of total outstanding stock options granted under 
Tranche 3 of ESOS 2021, as the employee to whom these options were granted had left the company. Accordingly, 480000 
vested options under Tranche 3 were eligible for exercise at the end of the FY 2025-26.
The Number and Weighted average exercise price of Stock Option are as follows:
Particulars
 
Year ended 31st March 2026
Tranche 1 
(Total 500000 options 
granted on 17.11.2022)
 Tranche 2 
(Total 200000 options 
granted on 16.03.2024) 
 Tranche 3 
(Total 500000 options 
granted on 13.03.2025) 
 Options 
 Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price 
 Options 
 Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price 
Options
Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount Number Amount
Outstanding at the Beginning of 
the year
                      
79,125 20 2,00,000 20 5,00,000 20
Granted Options  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Forfeited during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL 20,000 20
Exercised during the year 79,125 20 1,71,975 20  NIL NIL
Expired during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Outstanding at the end of year  NIL NIL    28,025 20 4,80,000 20
Exercisable at the end of the year  NIL NIL 28,025 20 4,80,000 20
Number of Equity shares of Re. 
1/- each fully paidup to be issued 
on exercise of option
 NIL NIL 28,025 20 4,80,000 20
Weighted Average share price 
in respect of options exercised 
during the year (as on date of 
exercise)
79125 257.65 171975 257.65 NA NA
Weighted average remaining 
contractual life  (in years) - -
5 years 
from the 
date of 
grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
5 years 
from the 
date of 
grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
*Weighted average exercise price has been adjusted for sub-division of equity shares.
 

[page 232]
|| 229 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
The Number and Weighted average exercise price of Stock Option are as follows:
 
Particulars
 
Year ended 31st March 2025
Tranche 1 
(Total 500000 options 
granted on 17.11.2022)
 Tranche 2 
(Total 200000 options 
granted on 16.03.2024) 
 Tranche 3 
(Total 500000 options 
granted on 13.03.2025) 
 Options 
 Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price 
 Options 
 Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price 
Options
Weighted 
average 
Exercise 
Price
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount Number Amount
Outstanding at the Beginning of 
the year    79,125 20 2,00,000 20  NIL NIL
Granted Options  NIL NIL  NIL NIL 5,00,000 20
Forfeited during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Exercised during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Expired during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Outstanding at the end of year 79,125 20 2,00,000 20 5,00,000 20
Exercisable at the end of the year 79,125 20 2,00,000 20  NIL NIL
Number of Equity shares of Re. 
1/- each fully paidup to be issued 
on exercise of option
79,125 20 2,00,000 20 5,00,000 20
Weighted Average share price 
in respect of options exercised 
during the year (as on date of 
exercise)
NA NA NA NA NA NA
Weighted average remaining 
contractual life  (in years)
5 years 
from the 
date of 
grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
5 years 
from the 
date of 
grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
5 years 
from the 
date of 
grant of 
options
5 years from 
the date 
of grant of 
options
3. Impact of fair Valuation method on Net Profit under EPS
In March 2005, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India had issued a guidance note on “Accounting for Employees 
Share based payments” applicable to Employee based share plan, the grant date in respect of which falls on or after April 
1, 2005. The said guidance notes requires the Pro-forma Disclosures of the impact of fair value method of accounting of 
Employee	stock	Compensation	accounting	in	the	financial	statements.	The	employee	compensation	cost	was	calculated	by	an	
Indpendent Valuer using the fair value method of accounting to account for the options granted under “ESOS 2021” therefore 
there	will	not	be	any	impact	on	profits	and	EPS	of	the	company.
4.  Weighted Average fair value of options granted under ESOS 2021 during the year : NA (No additional options were granted 
during	the	financial	year	under	review.)
5.		The	fair	Value	of	the	Options,	is	estimated	on	the	date	of	grant	using	the	black-	scholes	model	with	the	following	significant	
assumptions.
Particulars ESOS 2021 
(2025-26)
ESOS 2021 
(2024-25)
Weighted average Risk free interest rates ( in %)
No options were 
granted during the 
year 2025-26
6.64%
Weighted average Expected life 5 years
Weighted average Volatility (in %) 41.38%
Weighted average Dividend Yield (%) 0.44%
Weighted average Exercise price Rs. 20.00
The Price of the underline share in market at the time of Option grant Rs. 171.86
Weighted average Fair Value of the Options Rs. 153.64
The volatility of the options is based on the historical volatility of the share price applicable to the total expected life of each option.

[page 233]
|| 230 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
6.			No	Shares	out	of	the	issued	,	subscribed	and	paid	up	Share	Capital	were	alloted	as	Bonus	Shares	in	the	last	five	years	by	
capitalization of Securities Premium Reserves.
7.			No	Shares	out	of	the	issued	,	subscribed	and	paid	up	Share	Capital	were	allotted	in	the	last	five	years	pursuant	to	the	various	
scheme of amalgamation without payment being received  in cash.
Note:- 48. Financial risk management objectives and policies
The	Group’s	principal	financial	liabilities	comprise	loans	and	borrowings,	trade	and	other	payables.	The	main	purpose	of	these	
financial	liabilities	is	to	finance	the	Group’s	operations	and	to	support	its	operations.	The	Group’s	financial	assets	include	loans,	
trade and other receivables, and cash & cash equivalents that derive directly from its operations.
The Group is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s senior management oversees the management of 
these	risks.	The	Group’s	senior	management	is	supported	by	a	Business	Risk	Management	committee	that	advises	on	financial	
risks	and	the	appropriate	financial	risk	governance	framework	for	the	Group.	This	Business	Risk	Management	committee	
provides	assurance	to	the	Group’s	senior	management	that	the	Group’s	financial	risk	activities	are	governed	by	appropriate	
policies	and	procedure	and	that	financial	risks	are	identified,	measured	and	managed	in	accordance	with	the	Group’s	policies	
and risk objectives. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each risk, which are summarised as below:
 Market risk
a) Price Risk
Fluctuation in commodity price in global market affects directly and indirectly the price of raw material and components used 
by the Group in its products. The key raw material for the Group’s business is HR  Steel & Aluminium Ingot. The Group has 
arrangements with its major customers for passing on the price impact. The Group is also regularly taking initiatives like VA VE 
( value addition, value engineering ) to reduce its raw material costs to meet targets set up by its customers for cost downs. 
b) Interest rate risk
Interest	rate	risk	is	the	risk	that	the	fair	value	or	future	cash	flows	of	a	financial	instrument	will	fluctuate	because	of	changes	in	
market interest rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s long 
term	debt	obligations	with	floating	interest	rates.	The	Group	is	carrying	its	borrowings	primarily	at	variable	rate.	
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Variable rate borrowings                        27,593.18                 27,862.15 
Fixed rate borrowings                                    -                              -   
Total Borrowings                        27,593.18 27,862.15
Interest rate sensitivity
For the Purpose of computing interest rate sensitivity on the above borrowings, management has estimated a reasonably possible 
change in interest rate as 50bps based on current as well as expected economic conditions. This analysis is based on Long Term 
Risk exposures outstanding at the reporting date and assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency exchange 
rates, remains constant. The period and balances are not necessarily representative of the average amounts outstanding during 
the periods.     
Impact on Profits As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
50	bp	decrease	would	Increase	the	profit	before	tax	by                                 138                          139 
50	bp	increase	would	decrease	the	profit	before	tax	by                                (138)                       (139)
c) Foreign currency risks
The company tries to manage the foreign currency risk by attaining natural hedge. The company also does selective hedging to 
hedge its risk associated with foreign currency and to address the timing difference in foreign currency collections & payments. 
i) The derivative outstanding as at the reporting date is as follows:-
Category Wise Quantitative Data
As at  
31st March 2026
Amount in Foreign 
Currency (lacs)
Forward Contracts, Options  
Forward Contract Against USD/INR (USD Sell)                             596.95 
Forward Contract Against EUR/USD (Euro Sell)                                0.38 
Forward Contract Against EUR/USD (Euro Buy)                             182.76 

[page 234]
|| 231 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Forward Contract Against USD/INR (USD Buy)                                0.34 
Put & Call Options Against (USD/INR)                             250.00 
Foreign Currency option contracts mature within 12 months
ii) Mark to market losses / (gain) on Forwards/Options
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
Mark to Market losses/(gain)                          3,241.87 
d) Credit risk
The	credit	risk	is	the	risk	of	financial	loss	to	the	Company	if	a	customer	or	counterparty	to	a	financial	instrument	fails	to	meet	its	
contractual obligations towards the Company and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers and deposits 
with banking institutions. The maximum amount of the credit exposure is equal to the carrying amounts of these receivables.  
The Company has developed guidelines for the management of credit risk from trade receivables. The Company’s primary 
customers are major Indian automobile manufacturers (OEMs) with good credit ratings. Non-OEM clients are subjected to 
credit assessments as a precautionary measure, and the adherence of all clients to payment due dates is monitored on 
an on-going basis, thereby practically eliminating the risk of default. The Company has deposited liquid funds at various 
banking institutions. Primary banking institutions are major Indian and foreign banks. In long term credit ratings these banking 
institutions	are	considered	to	be	investment	grade.	Also,	no	impairment	loss	has	been	recorded	in	respect	of	fixed	deposits	
that are with recognised commercial banks and are not past due
e) Liquidity risk
The	liquidity	risk	encompasses	any	risk	that	the	Company	cannot	fully	meet	its	financial	obligations.	To	manage	the	liquidity	
risk,	cash	flow	forecasting	is	performed	in	the	operating	divisions	of	the	Company	and	aggregated	by	Company	finance.	The	
Company’s	finance	monitors	rolling	forecasts	of	the	Company’s	liquidity	requirements	to	ensure	it	has	sufficient	cash	to	meet	
operational	needs	while	maintaining	sufficient	headroom	in	its	undrawn	committed	borrowing	facilities	/	overdraft	facilities	at	all	
times so that the Company does not breach borrowing limits or covenants (where applicable) on any of its borrowing facilities.
Year Ended March 31, 2026 Upto 1 Year Above 1 Years Total
Non - derivatives      
Borrowings            54,996.94        27,593.18                 82,590.12 
Trade Payables          1,00,189.90                                    -   1,00,189.90 
Other Financial Liabilities                                                -               1,706.59                  1,706.59 
Total Non Derivative Liabilities         1,55,186.84 29,299.77 1,84,486.61 
       
Year Ended March 31, 2025      
Non - derivatives      
Borrowings         54,881.22                 27,862.15                 82,743.37 
Trade Payables             75,301.28                                    -                   75,301.28 
Other Financial Liabilities                                                -                            1,954.68                  1,954.68 
Total Non Derivative Liabilities   1,30,182.50 29,816.83           1,59,999.33 
       
Year Ended March 31, 2024      
Non - derivatives      
Borrowings        66,656.60 38,136.57 1,04,793.17 
Trade Payables           59,995.88                                    -                   59,995.88 
Other Financial Liabilities                                                -                            1,931.87                  1,931.87 
Total Non Derivative Liabilities   1,26,652.48  40,068.44 1,66,720.92 
Note:- 49 Capital Management
a) Risk Management
The Company’s objectives when managing capital is to safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue 
to	provide	returns	for	shareholders	and	benefits	for	other	stakeholders,	and	maintain	an	optimal	capital	structure	to	reduce	the	cost	of	
capital. Consistent with peers in the industry, the Company monitors Net Debt to EBITDA ratio i.e. Net Debt (Total Borrowings net of 
Cash	and	Cash	Equivalents)	divided	by	EBITDA	(Profit	before	tax	plus	depreciation	and	amortization	expense	plus	Finance	costs). 
The Company’s strategy is to ensure that the Net Debt to EBITDA is managed at an optimal level considering the above factors. 
The Net Debt to EBITDA ratios were as follows:

[page 235]
|| 232 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
  As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Net Debt                      81,450.11                        81,733.87 
EBITDA                       51,341.26                        48,736.84 
Net Debt/EBITDA                                             1.59                                1.68 
b) Loan covenants
Under	the	terms	of	the	major	borrowing	facilities,	the	Company	is	required	to	comply	with	certain	financial	covenants	and	the	
Company has complied with those covenants throughout the reporting period.
Note:- 50.  Income Tax Expenses
The major components of income tax expense for the years ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 are:
 
(a) Income tax expense in the statement of profit and loss comprises: As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Current income tax charged                    6,516.00                   6,602.85 
Adjustment in respect of current income tax of previous year                            8.01                         (2.69)
Total Current Income tax                    6,524.01                   6,600.16 
     
Deferred Tax charge / (credit)    
Relating to origination,Timing difference and reversal on account of new tax 
rates(Refer Note-II) (131.36)                    (229.33)
     
 Income tax expense reported in the statement of profit or loss                    6,392.65                   6,370.83 
     
B)Other Comprehensive Income    
Tax expense related to items recognised in Other comprehensive income 
during the year:    
Deferred	tax	on	re-measurement	loss	on	defined	benefit	plan                        (25.47)                       26.14 
     
Deferred tax on re-measurement gain on fair value of investment                                 -                                  -   
Income tax related to items recognised in Other comprehensive income 
during the year                        (25.47)                       26.14 
     
C) Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied  
by India’s domestic tax rate    
Accounting profit before tax                  25,413.23                25,913.19 
Applicable tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Computed Tax Expense                    6,396.00                   6,521.83 
     
Tax effect on Below items    
     
Tax Impact on Depreciation/ Temporary Difference                                 390.64                          19.03 
Tax Impact of difference of tax rate of group companies                                 (493.63)                      (268.99)
Tax impact of additional deductions allowable under Income Tax Act.                        (71.99)                      (37.16)
Tax impact of items not deductible in calculating the taxable income 163.63                      136.12 
Adjustment in respect of current income tax of previous year                            8.01                                -   
Impact of Remeasurement of Deffered tax liability (Refer Note II)                                 -                                  -   
Income tax charged to Statement of Profit and Loss (Effective tax rate 25.15% 
for 25-26 and 24.59% for 24-25)                  6,392.65                 6,370.83 
Notes:                      
I)	Effective	tax	rate	has	been	calculated	on	profit	before	tax.

[page 236]
|| 233 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Note 51  The following is the analysis of Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
Recognised in profit and loss account and other comprehensive income
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 
in relation to:
 As at 31st 
March 2025 
Credit /(charge) to 
Profit or Loss.
Credit /(charge) to Other 
Comprehensive Income
As at 31st 
March 2026
 Property, plant and equipment       (15,380.57)      (383.36)                            -    (15,763.93)
 Intangible assets           (32.14)                 -                              -          (32.14)
 Provision for Gratuity           43.95           (80.30)                            -          (36.35)
 Provision for Leave Encashment             (102.21)                62.89                            -         (39.31)
 Provision for Bonus  (29.77)              36.11                            -           6.34 
 Recognized through OCI         234.46                -                       433.40     667.86 
 Carried forward tax losses and 
unabsorbed depreciation           5,437.68         493.63                            -     5,931.31 
          (9,828.59)          128.97                     433.40  (9,266.22)
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 
in relation to: 
 As at 31st 
March 2024 
 Credit /(charge) to 
Profit or Loss 
 Credit /(charge) to Other 
Comprehensive Income 
 As at 31st 
March 2025 
 Property, plant and equipment (14,880.87)          (499.71)                            -   (15,380.57)
 Intangible assets           (32.14)            -                              -     (32.14)
 Provision for Gratuity               67.75  (49.93)                       26.13       43.95 
 Provision for Leave Encashment           (57.41) (44.80)                            -       (102.21)
 Provision for Bonus         (18.00) (11.77)                            -         (29.77)
 Recognized through OCI     234.46    -                              -       234.46 
 Carried forward of tax losses  on 
acquisition of Subsidiary    4,601.95 835.73                            -    5,437.68 
  (10,084.25) 229.52                       26.13 (9,828.59)
Deferred tax balances (Net)      
 Deferred tax balances (Net)  As at  
31st March 2026 
 As at  
31st March 2025 
 As at 31st March 
2024 
(a) Deferred tax assets                        6,599.17   5,672.14 4,601.95 
(b) Deferred tax liabilities            15,865.39 15,500.73 14,686.20 
Net Deffered Tax Asset/(Liability)       (9,266.22) (9,828.59) (10,084.25)
Note 52: Interest in Other Entities
 
A.  Investment in Subsidiary
 
Sr. Particulars
Place of 
Business
Ownership interest held by the  
group in %
Ownership interest held by non 
controlling interests in %
   
As at  
31st March 
2026
As at  
31st March 
2025
As at  
31st March 
2026
As at  
31st March 
2025
1) AMW Autocomponent Limited India 100% 100%                           
-    - 
B. Non-controlling Interest  
  As noted from the above table, the non-controlling interests are not material to the group.
   
C. Investment in Associates  
   
Sr. Particulars Place of 
Business
Ownership interest held 
by the  
group in % Accounting 
Method
 
Quoted fair value Carrying 
value  
As at  
31st March 
2026
As at  
31st March 
2025
As at  
31st March 
2026
As at  
31st March 
2025
As at  
31st March 
2026
As at  
31st March 
2025
1) Clean Max 
Astria Pvt Ltd India 26% 26% Equity - - 1030.62 1029.40

[page 237]
|| 234 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
Movement of investment in associates
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Opening balance                        1,029.40                   350.22 
Addition/unwinding during the year                                  -                     693.09 
Profit/(loss)	for	the	year                               1.22                    (13.91)
Closing Balance                        1,030.62 1029.40
Financial information of Associate:
Particulars As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Current assets                        1,215.10 214.80
Non-current assets                      13,663.50                4,677.80 
Current liabilities                       (1,265.90)               (1,165.90)
Non-current liabilities                       (9,649.10)               (2,379.80)
Equity                        3,963.60 1346.90
Group ownership 26% 26%
Equity proportion of the Group ownership                        1,030.62 350.22
Translation adjustment arising out of translation of foreign currency 
balances                                  -                            -   
Carrying amount of the investment                        1,030.62 350.22
Particulars For the period ending 
31st  Mar 2026
For the period ending 
31st March 2025
Revenue from sale of products                           584.30                   510.00 
Profit/(loss)	for	the	year                               4.70                    (53.50)
Total comprehensive income for the year                               4.70                    (53.50)
Group’s share of profit/ (loss) for the year                               1.22                    (13.91)
Note: 53 Additional Information required by Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013:
Particulars Net Assets (total assets 
minus total liabilities) Share in Profit or (Loss)
Share in other 
comprehensive income 
(OCI)
Share in total 
comprehensive income 
Name of the Entity
As % of 
Consolidated 
Net Assets 
Amount
As % of 
Consolidated 
Profit or 
(Loss)
Amount
As % of 
Consolidated 
OCI
Amount
As % of 
Consolidated 
total 
comprehensive 
income
Amount
A. Parent                
Steel Strips Wheels Limited                
31st	March	2026 96.12% 1,73,478.66 106.24% 20,208.73 100.00%   75.73 106.22% 20,284.46 
31st	March	2025 94.96% 1,54,378.39 107.51% 20,995.02 100.00% (77.70) 107.54% 20,917.32 
                 
B. Subsidiary                
AMW Autocomponent Limited                
31st	March	2026 3.91%   7,061.17 -6.25% (1,188.15)                       -                       -   -6.22% (1,188.15)
31st	March	2025 5.07% 8,249.32 -7.44% (1,452.66)                       -                       -   -7.47% (1,452.66)
                 
C. Associate                
Clean Max Astria Limited                
31st	March	2026 -0.03% (58.48) 0.01% 1.22                       -                       -   0.01%              1.22 
31st	March	2025 -0.04%     (59.70) -0.07% (13.91)                       -                       -   -0.07%          (13.91)
Note: 54 Additional Regulatory Information Required by Schedule III of Companies Act, 2013
In accordance with the requirements of the Division II- Ind AS Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, analytical ratios have 
been	disclosed	only	in	the	standalone	financial	statements.

[page 238]
|| 235 ||
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All	amounts	₹	in	Lakhs,	unless	stated	otherwise)
NOTE 55 ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE III OF COMPANIES ACT, 2013
 I)      The Group does not have any Benami Property where any proceedings have been initiated or are pending against the Group 
for holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules made there under.
II)			 The	Group	has	not	been	declared	wilful	defaulter	by	any	bank	or	financial	institution	or	government	or	any	government	
authority.
III)   The Group do not have any balance with the companies struck off under section 248 of Companies Act, 2013 or section 560 
of Companies Act, 1956.
IV)   The Group has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.
V)				The	Group	has	not	entered	into	any	scheme	of	arrangement	which	has	an	accounting	impact	on	current	or	previous	financial	
year.
VI)    The Group has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person or entity, including foreign entities (Intermediaries) 
with the understanding that the Intermediary shall
a.				directly	or	indirectly	lend	or	invest	in	other	persons	or	entities	identified	in	any	manner	whatsoever	by	or	on	behalf	of	
the	group	(Ultimate	Beneficiaries)	or
b.				provide	any	guarantee,	security	or	the	like	to	or	on	behalf	of	the	ultimate	beneficiaries
VII)  The Group has not received any fund from any person or entity, including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall:
a.					directly	or	indirectly	lend	or	invest	in	other	persons	or	entities	identified	in	any	manner	whatsoever	by	or	on	behalf	of	
the	Funding	Party	(Ultimate	Beneficiaries)	or
b.					provide	any	guarantee,	security	or	the	like	on	behalf	of	the	ultimate	beneficiaries
 
(VIII) The Group does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered 
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as search or survey 
or any other relevant provision of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
(IX) The Group has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year.
(X) The Group has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible assets or both 
during the current or previous year.
(XI)   The Group does not have any charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with the Registrar of Companies beyond 
the statutory period.
(XII)		The	borrowings	obtained	by	the	Group	from	banks	and	financial	institutions	have	been	applied	for	the	purposes	for	which	
such loans were taken.
NOTE  56-Other
The Group has established a comprehensive system of maintenance of information and documents as required by the transfer 
pricing legislation under section 92-92F of the Income Tax Act, 1961. The management is of the opinion that its transactions 
with	the	associated	enterprises	are	at	arm’s	length	so	that	the	aforesaid	legislation	will	not	have	any	impact	on	the	financial	
statements, particularly on the amount of tax expense and that of provision for taxation.
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board
 
For  AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Sanjay Garg Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Ajit Singh Chatha
Virander Kumar Arya Mohan Joshi
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Deputy Managing Director
Sukhvinder Khanna
per Kailash Kumar Deva Bharathi Reddy Manohar lal Jain
Partner Directors Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer

[page 239]
|| 236 ||
Form No. AOC – 1
Statement	containing	salient	features	of	the	financial	statement	of	Subsidiaries/associate	companies/	joint	venture
[Pursuant	to	first	proviso	to	sub-section	(3)	of	section	129	read	with	rule	5	of	Companies	(Accounts)	Rules,	2014]
Part A: Subsidiaries
1. Number of subsidiaries: 1
Block – 1
CIN/ any other registration number of subsidiary company U35923GJ2009PLC057269
Name of the subsidiary AMW Autocomponent Limited
Date since when subsidiary was acquired 09-01-2024
Provisions pursuant to which the company has become a subsidiary (Section 2(87)(i)/
Section 2(87)(ii))
Section 2(87)(ii)
Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from 
the holding company’s reporting period
From NA
To NA
Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the 
relevant	financial	year	in	the	case	of	foreign	subsidiaries
Reporting 
Currency
NA
Exchange Rate NA
Share capital Rs. 500.00
Reserves & surplus Rs 7,098.32 
Total assets Rs. 22450.99
Total Liabilities Rs. 14852.67
Investments 0
Turnover 0
Profit	before	taxation Rs. (1681.78)
Provision for taxation 0
Profit	after	taxation Rs. (1681.78)
Proposed Dividend 0
% of shareholding 100%
2. Number of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: NIL 
Sl. No. CIN /any other registration number Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations
- - -
3. Number of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or have ceased to be a subsidiary during the year: NIL
Sl. No. CIN /any other registration number Names of subsidiaries 
- - -
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board
 
For  AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Sanjay Garg Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Ajit Singh Chatha
Virander Kumar Arya Mohan Joshi
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Deputy Managing Director
Sukhvinder Khanna
per Kailash Kumar Deva Bharathi Reddy Manohar lal Jain
Partner Directors Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer

[page 240]
|| 237 ||
Part “B”: Associates and Joint Ventures
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
1. Number of Associate / Joint Venture: 1
Block – 1
1 Name of Associate/Joint Venture Clean Max Astria Private Limited
2 Latest audited Balance Sheet Date 31-03-2026
3 Date on which the Associate or Joint Venture was associated or acquired 23-12-2022
4 Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by the company on the year end
A Number 57151
B Amount of Investment in Associates/ Joint Venture Rs. 1089.11
C Extent of Holding % 26%
5 Description	of	how	there	is	significant	influence By virtue of Shareholding
6 Reason why the associate/ joint venture is not consolidated N.A.
7 Net worth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet Rs. 1030.62
8 Profit	/	Loss	for	the	year
A Considered in Consolidation Rs. 1.22
B Not Considered in Consolidation 0
2. Number of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations: NIL
Sl. No. CIN /any other registration number Names of Associates and Joint Ventures which are yet to 
commence operations
- - -
3. Number of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or have ceased to be associate or joint venture 
during the year: NIL
Sl. No. CIN /any other registration number Names of Associates and Joint Ventures
- - -
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board
 
For  AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Sanjay Garg Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021179N Ajit Singh Chatha
Virander Kumar Arya Mohan Joshi
Shashi Bhushan Gupta Deputy Managing Director
Sukhvinder Khanna
per Kailash Kumar Deva Bharathi Reddy Manohar lal Jain
Partner Directors Executive Director
Membership Number : 505972  
Date:29th May 2026 Kanika Sapra Rahul Kumar
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer

[page 241]
|| 238 ||
This page has been left intentionally blank

[page 242]
|| 239 ||
Form No. MGT-11
PROXY FORM
[Pursuant	to	Section	105(6)	of	the	Companies	Act,	2013	and	Rule	19(3)	of	the	Companies	(Management	and	Administration)	Rules,	2014]
CIN   : L27107PB1985PLC006159
Name of the Company     : Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
Registered Office              : Village Somalheri / Lehli, P.O. Dappar, Tehsil: Derabassi, District: S.A.S Nagar (Mohali), Punjab-140506
Name of the Member(s): 
Registered Address:    
E-mail Id:
Folio No. / Client ID:  DP ID:
I/We, being the member(s) of shares of the above named company, hereby appoint
Name:
E-mail Id:
Address:
Signature , or failing him
Name :
E-mail Id:
Address:
Signature , or failing him
as my/our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us and on my/our behalf at the 40 th Annual General Meeting of the Company, to be held on 
Wednesday, 30th	September,	2026	at	the	Registered	Office	of	the	Company	at	Village	Somalheri/Lehli,	P.O.	Dappar,	Tehsil:	Derabassi,	District:	S.A.S	
Nagar (Mohali), Punjab-140506 and at any adjournment thereof in respect of such resolutions as are indicated below:
Resolution 
No. 
Resolution(s)
Ordinary Business
1.
Receive, Consider and Adopt the:
a) Audited	Standalone	Financial	Statements	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	ended	31st	March,	2026	and	the	Reports	of	
the Board of Directors and Auditors’ thereon; and 
b) Audited	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	ended	31st	March,	2026	and	the	Report	of	
Auditors’ thereon (Ordinary Resolution)
2. Declaration	of	Final	Dividend	on	equity	shares	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	2025-26	(Ordinary Resolution)
3. Re-appointment of a Director in place of Sh. Dheeraj Garg (DIN: 00034926), who retires by rotation and being eligible, offers 
himself for re-appointment (Ordinary Resolution)
4. Re-appointment of a Director in place of Sh. Sanjay Garg (DIN: 00030956), who retires by rotation and being eligible, offers 
himself for re-appointment (Ordinary Resolution)
Special Business
5. Approval for enhancement of Company’s Borrowing Limits (Special Resolution)
6. Authorise Board of Directors to create Security(ies) on the assets of the company, both present and future (Special Resolution)
Affix	
Revenue 
Stamps
Signed this _____day of _____2026
Signature	of	Shareholder      																																						 	 	 	 	 	 		Signature	of	Proxy	holder                            	
Note:
1. 		This	form	of	proxy	in	order	to	be	effective	should	be	duly	completed	and	deposited	at	the	Registered	Office	of	the	Company	not	less	than	48	
hours before the commencement of the Meeting.
2. The	proxy	need	not	be	a	member	of	the	company.

[page 243]
|| 240 ||
This page has been left intentionally blank

[page 244]
|| 241 ||
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
CIN: L27107PB1985PLC006159
Registered	Office:	Village	Somalheri/	Lehli,	P.O.	Dappar,	Tehsil	Derabassi,
District SAS Nagar, Mohali, Punjab-140506, Tel: +91-172-2793112, Fax: +91-172-2794834
Email: ssl_ssg@glide.net.in. Website: www.sswlindia.com
ATTENDANCE SLIP
Registered Folio No./
DP ID and Client ID
Name and Address of the Member(s):
Joint Holder 1: 
Joint Holder 2: 
Number of Shares held:
I certify that I am a member/proxy for the member of the Company.
I hereby record my presence at the 40th Annual General Meeting of the Company at Village Somalheri/ Lehli, P.O. Dappar, Tehsil 
Derabassi, District S.A.S Nagar (Mohali), Punjab-140506 on Wednesday, 30th September, 2026 at 11:00 A.M.
_______________________                                                           __________________________
Name of the Member/Proxy                                                            Signature of the Member/Proxy
Note:
1. A member or his duly appointed Proxy wishing to attend the Meeting must complete this Attendance Slip and hand it over at 
the entrance.
2. Name of the Proxy in Block letters________________________________________ (in case the Proxy attends the meeting).
PLEASE CUT HERE AND BRING THE ABOVE ATTENDANCE SLIP TO THE MEETING HALL
                          ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ELECTRONIC VOTING SYSTEM (REMOTE E-VOTING)
In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time and Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company is pleased to provide members, a facility to exercise their right to vote at the 40 th 
Annual General Meeting (AGM) by electronic means (remote e-voting) and the business(es) may be transacted through remote 
e-voting Services provided by MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited). 
ELECTRONIC VOTING PARTICULARS
Electronic Voting Sequence No. User ID *Sequence No.
260762
*Applicable to those members who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository Participant.
The remote e-voting facility will be available during the following voting period: -
Commencement of remote e-voting End of remote e-voting
27th September, 2026 at 9:00 A.M. (IST) 29th September, 2026 at 5:00 P.M. (IST)
Note: Please read the detailed instructions for Remote E-voting printed in the Notice of Annual General Meeting to be held 
on Wednesday, 30th September, 2026. 

[page 245]
|| 242 ||
CORPORATE OFFICE:
STEEL STRIPS GROUP
SCO 49-50, Sector-26, Madhya
Marg, Chandigarh-160 019 (India)
Tel: +91(172) 2793112, 2792385,
Fax: +91(172) 2794834, 2790887
Website: www.sswlindia.com
CIN: L27107PB1985PLC006159
