===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
The Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
25th Floor, Dalal Street 
Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Maharashtra, India 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 544309 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
Maharashtra, India 
 
NSE Symbol: IKS 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Q3 FY 2025-26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the e arnings conference call held on Thursday , February 5, 2026, 
with respect to  the Company’s financial results for the quarter  and nine months ended December 31, 
2025. 
 
The said transcript has also been uploaded on  the Company’s website and can be accessed through the 
following link: 
 
https://ikshealth.com/ir/2026/q3/transcript-q3.pdf 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
  
Yours sincerely, 
For Inventurus Knowledge Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Sameer Chavan 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F7211 
 
Encl: As above  
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 “Inventurus Knowledge Solutions Limited 
 Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 February 05, 2026 
 M  ANAGEMENT  :  MR.  S  ACHIN  G  UPTA  – F  OUNDER  AND  G  LOBAL  C  HIEF 
 E  XECUTIVE  O  FFICER 
 M  S  . N  ITHYA  B  ALASUBRAMANIAN  – W  HOLE  -T  IME  D  IRECTOR  & 
 C  HIEF  F  INANCIAL  O  FFICER 
 M  R  . S  ARANSH  M  UNDRA  – VP, I  NVESTOR  R  ELATIONS 
 M  ODERATOR  :  M  S  . S  EEMA  N  AIR  – ICICI S  ECURITIES 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 Moderator:  Ladies  and  gentlemen,  good  morning,  and  welcome  to  the  IKS  Health  Q3  FY26  Earnings 
 Conference  Call,  hosted  by  ICICI  Securities  Limited.  As  a  reminder,  all  participant  lines  will 
 remain  in  the  listen-only  mode,  and  there  will  be  an  opportunity  for  you  to  ask  questions  after 
 the  presentation  concludes.  Should  you  need  assistance  during  the  conference  call,  please  signal 
 the  operator  by  pressing  star  then  zero  on  your  touchtone  telephone.  Please  note,  that  this 
 conference is being recorded. 
 I  will  now  hand  the  conference  over  to  Ms.  Seema  Nair  from  ICICI  Securities  Limited  for 
 opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you Seema. 
 Seema  Nair:  Good  morning,  ladies  and  gentlemen.  Thank  you  for  joining  us  today  on  Q3  FY26  earnings 
 call  of  IKS  Health.  On  behalf  of  ICICI  Securities,  I  would  like  to  thank  the  management  of 
 IKS  Health  for  giving  us  the  opportunity  to  host  this  call.  Today,  we  have  with  us  Mr.  Sachin 
 Gupta,  Founder  and  CEO,  Ms.  Nithya  Balasubramanian,  CFO,  and  Mr.  Saransh  Mundra,  Head 
 of  Investor  Relations.  I  turn  it  over  to  Mr.  Saransh  for  his  brief  statement  and  to  take  the 
 proceedings forward. Thank you and over to you Saransh. 
 Saransh  Mundra:  Hi,  good  morning  everyone.  Just  a  disclaimer  before  we  start,  that  as  part  of  the  prepared 
 remarks  we  may  make  certain  statements  which  are  forward-looking  in  nature.  We  don't  take 
 any  responsibility  to  update  such  forward-looking  statements,  and  your  discretion  is  warranted 
 while making any investment decisions. Over to you Sachin. 
 Sachin  Gupta:  Thank  you  Saransh  and  good  morning  and  good  evening  everyone.  Welcome  to  our  fifth 
 earnings  call  since  we  went  public  in  December  2024.  Our  agenda  obviously  is  to  talk  through 
 our  performance  for  the  quarter  ending  December  31st,  2025,  the  Q3  fiscal  26.  Before  I  go 
 into  talking  about  our  fifth  consecutive  quarter  of  industry-leading  performance  since  we  went 
 public,  I'd  like  to  take  a  few  minutes  to  give  everybody  an  update  about  the  business  and  how 
 we  are  progressing  on  the  strategic  pillars  of  execution  that  we  have  highlighted  over  the  last 
 several conversations. 
 And  to  kick  it  off,  you  know,  one  of  the  things  that  I  have  been  accused  of  by  many  on  this  call 
 and  otherwise  is  that  I  resort  to  using  too  much  healthcare  jargon  in  my  opening  remarks,  and 
 so  I  will  continue  to  try  and  do  my  best  to  not  resort  to  that  tendency.  And  with  that  backdrop, 
 so  look,  for  those  that  are  new  to  our  business,  what  is  our  business?  Essentially,  we're  in  the 
 business  of  taking  away  chore  tasks  from  healthcare  providers  in  the  US  so  that  they  are  not 
 distracted  by  those  chores  and  focus  on  their  core  task  of  patient  care.  That's  the  fundamental 
 business. 
 And  believe  it  or  not,  those  chore  tasks  that  distract  healthcare  providers  in  the  US  from  the 
 core  task  of  patient  care  cost  the  US  healthcare  industry  somewhere  in  the  range  of  $260-odd 
 billion,  which  is  the  TAM  that  we  are  targeting.  And  it's  a  highly  under-penetrated  TAM 
 because  most  of  these  tasks  today  are  done  by  the  large  healthcare  enterprises  in-house  within 
 their own organizations. 
 However,  there  is  a  rising  trend  to  delegate  or  outsource  these  tasks  to  companies  like  us,  and 
 that  outsourced  market  now  is  about  $35  billion  and  is  growing  at  about  12%  a  year.  We  built 
 this  business  with  the  idea  simply  that  we  will  outsource  these  tasks  through  the  right 

===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 combination  of  people  and  technology.  When  we  started  out,  we  were  much  more 
 people-centric,  which  is  why,  as  you've  seen,  we  have  13,000,  nearly  13,350  people  across  the 
 world, most of which are in India, north of 10,000-odd in India. 
 We  started  in  a  people-centric  model,  but  we  always  knew  that  the  solution  to  scale  would  be 
 through  technology.  And  so  we  started  with  a  human-led  and  tech-in-the-loop,  and  over  the 
 last  10  years,  and  very  specifically  over  the  last  five  years,  we  have  moved  to  a  much  more 
 tech-led  and  really  AI-first,  especially  over  the  last  couple  of  three  years  as  generative  AI 
 came into play. We've moved to a much more tech-led AI-first orchestration. 
 Which  is  why,  just  as  an  example  point,  without  going  into  details  of  numbers,  when  you  look 
 at  our  growth  for  the  quarter  ending  December  31st,  2025,  which  is  24%  year-on-year  growth, 
 when  you  look  at  our  headcount  growth,  it's  barely  1%.  So  it's  almost  flat  headcount  relative  to 
 24%  year-on-year  revenue  growth.  And  that,  if  nothing  else,  is  the  true  demonstration  of  how 
 we  are  truly  leveraging  AI  and  technology  to  sort  of  break  this  linearity  between  revenue 
 growth and people growth. 
 Or  for  that  matter,  between  the  impact  that  we  are  bringing  into  the  provider  organizations  and 
 the  number  of  people  that  we  have  to  continue  to  deploy  to  take  away  these  tasks  from  them. 
 The  other  hallmark  of  our  business  model  has  always  been  a  much  more  outcome-based 
 approach. 
 We  just  align  and  our  customers  pay  us  as  a  percentage  of  their  revenue.  And  so  in  that  type  of 
 structure,  it's  highly  aligned.  Our  fortunes  are  highly  aligned  with  their  fortunes.  And 
 obviously,  when  we  drive  more  and  more  tech  leverage  in  our  business,  that  leads  to  better 
 scalability,  better  outcomes  for  our  customers,  and  also  it  leads  to,  perhaps,  some  margin 
 protection  for  us  over  a  period  of  time.  So  very  simply  put,  that  is  the  fundamentals  of  the 
 business. Nothing too complex about it. 
 Now,  moving  on  to  sort  of  the  key  sort  of  moat  of  the  business.  You  know,  in  a  market  where 
 you  have  a  $260  billion  TAM  and  you  know,  we're  talking  about  16  different  tasks  in  the 
 physician  setting.  By  the  way,  we  started  our  business  and  we  were  predominantly  focused  for 
 the  first  15-odd  years  on  the  physician  market,  which  is  the  outpatient  clinic  setting,  because 
 we believe that healthcare transformation needs to be led by physicians. 
 So,  we  started  in  the  outpatient  setting,  and  over  a  period  of  time,  as  the  outpatient  setting  got 
 more  and  more  consolidated  and  health  systems  bought  a  lot  of  these  clinics  and  started 
 employing  the  doctors,  we've  slowly  gotten  pulled  into  the  health  system  market  as  well.  So 
 now we are also participating in the hospital part of the TAM. 
 So,  we  have  a  platform  that  delegates  about  16  or  different  chore  tasks  from  the  physician's 
 workflow  in  the  outpatient  setting,  and  we're  slowly  building  a  replica  of  that  platform  for  the 
 hospital setting, which is an endeavor that we started over the last say couple of three years. 
 Eventually,  we  hope  to  have  a  comprehensive  platform  that  cuts  across  the  continuum  of  care 
 from  ambulatory  to  acute.  Ambulatory  again,  sorry  for  the  jargon,  ambulatory  in  the  US 
 obviously means outpatient settings, clinics, and acute is the actual traditional hospital setting. 

===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 That  is  sort  of  a  high-level  overview  of  who  we  are  as  a  business.  We  have  laid  out  five  critical 
 pillars  of  execution  to  continue  to  drive  our  leadership  position  in  this  market.  And  so,  I 
 typically tend to report our progress across those five pillars before I get into our financials. 
 And  so,  happy  to  report  that  this  quarter  was  a  quarter  of  strong  execution  across  those  five 
 pillars.  The  first  pillar  really  is  to  continue  to  transform  various  features  of  our  platform  and 
 truly  the  entire  platform  from  this  human-led  that  we  were  about  five-seven  years  ago  to  now 
 a true AI-native agentic platform manifest. 
 And  in  that  regard,  we've  made  progress  on  several  fronts.  One  is  that  we've  rolled  out,  you 
 must  have  seen,  an  interconnected  set  of  workflows  that  actually  delegate  or  outsource  three 
 fundamental  tasks  that  cause  a  lot  of  friction  in  the  patient's  journey  with  the  healthcare 
 providers. 
 Okay,  so  I  guess  just  to  sort  of  quickly  repeat  the  portion  about  the  fundamentals  of  our 
 business,  like  I  said,  the  business  model  is  focused  on  taking  away  these  short  tasks.  And  the 
 TAM  of  these  short  tasks  is  about  260  billion,  of  which  the  outsourcing  penetration  is  about  34 
 billion,  growing  at  about  12%,  which  basically  means  that  if  we  are  growing  faster  than  12%, 
 then we are gaining market share in this outsource TAM. 
 If  we  are  growing  slower  than  12%  annually,  we're  probably  losing  market  share.  And  the 
 other  thing  that  I  was  pointing  out,  I  don't  know  where  I  got  cut  off,  is  that  our  model  entails 
 leveraging the right combination of technology and human capital to outsource these tasks. 
 And  I  was  highlighting  how  over  the  last  several  years,  we've  broken  that  linearity  between 
 people  growth  and  revenue  growth,  which  is  also  exemplified  by  our  latest  quarter 
 performance,  where,  as  you  can  see,  our  headcount  as  of  December  31st,  2025,  is  about 
 13,350. Same time last year, it was about 13,150. 
 So  you  can  see  there's  only  a  1.5%  growth  in  headcount  for  a  24%  growth  in  revenue  in  rupee 
 terms  or  a  19%  growth  in  revenue  in  dollar  terms.  And  so  that  just,  if  nothing  else,  truly 
 demonstrates  the  power  and  the  leverage  of  technology  in  the  business  and  the  true  leverage 
 that we are being able to drive lately using our Generative AI solutions. 
 Moving  on.  So,  I  was  starting  to  talk  about  the  five  key  pillars  of  execution  that  we  typically 
 tend  to  focus  on  as  a  business  and  that  we  build  our  discourse  around  that  aligns  our  execution 
 strategy with hopefully your understanding of our business. 
 The  first  one,  like  I  was  saying,  is  this  moving  from  human-led  to  tech-led  and  really  an 
 AI-native,  agentic  platform.  We're  starting  to  talk  about  three  tasks  amongst  those  16  tasks 
 from  the  physician  setting  that  are  ones  that  cause  the  highest  amount  of  distraction  for 
 physicians  and  cause  the  greatest  amount  of  friction  for  patients  in  their  journey  with  the 
 physician enterprise. 
 And  those  three  tasks  are  clinical  documentation,  medical  coding,  and  prior  authorization.  And 
 again,  happy  to  note  that  we  created  a  set  of  interconnected  agentic  workflows  that  actually 
 eliminate  the  friction  associated  with  these  tasks  and  relieve  the  provider's  burden  and 
 distraction  from  these  tasks.  That  was  also  something  that  was  actually  highlighted  and 

===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 recognized by Google a few months ago. 
 In  addition,  we've  also  made  very  significant  progress  individually  in  these  tasks.  For  example, 
 again,  Scribble  Now  where  which  is  our  fully  autonomous  ambient  generative-AI  enabled 
 clinical documentation solution. 
 We've  also  made  significant  progress  in  our  autonomous  coding  solution  that  eliminates  the 
 burden  of  medical  coding  for  our  providers.  And  then  similarly,  we've  actually  launched  a 
 very  state-of-the-art  multi-agent  orchestration  model  within  our  patient  access  model.  And  our 
 patient  access  model  consists  of  scheduling  optimization,  patient  financial  clearance,  and  also 
 all of this is orchestrated by campaigns generated from our patient engagement hub. 
 I  also  want  to  point  out  in  this  context  there's  been  a  lot  of  news  around  things  that  people  like 
 Palantir  and  Anthropic  are  doing  as  it  relates  to  code  generation  predominantly.  I  want  to 
 clarify  that,  look,  more  and  more  that  these  companies  roll  out  tools  that  can  make  code 
 generation faster and easier, the better it is for us. 
 For  example,  we  use  Anthropic's  leading  platform  Claude  to  actually  do  a  lot  of  our  code 
 generation.  And  what  it  does  is  it  collapses  the  development  of  the  engineering  cycle  for  us 
 dramatically.  Also,  it  allows  our  product  managers,  our  technical  product  managers,  to 
 themselves  be  able  to  actually  generate  a  lot  of  the  code  versus  relying  on  heavy  engineering 
 talent to do that. 
 So  I  think  the  propagation  of  these  models  from  Anthropic  and  Palantir  is  a  huge  tailwind  for 
 us  if  we  leverage  those  effectively,  which  we  are  certainly  trying  to  do  versus  some  people 
 perceiving  it  as  a  potential  headwind.  And  this  is  all  predominantly  driven  by  the  fact  that 
 remember we are a business that wants to leverage technology to eliminate tasks. 
 We  don't  care  how  the  task  is  eliminated.  The  more  we  can  eliminate  through  technology,  the 
 better  it  is.  And  so  to  the  extent  that  these  tools  allow  us  to  generate  technology  faster, 
 cheaper,  with  a  lower  set  of  sophisticated  talent,  the  better  it  is  for  us.  So  I  think  continued 
 solid progress on our first vector of our strategy. 
 The  second  vector  is  the  acquisition  that  we  did  of  AQuity  back  in  2023.  I  think  it  was 
 November  of  2023.  Now  that  we  are  well  past  the  two-year  mark,  happy  to  note  that  I  think 
 the  integration  is  more  or  less  complete.  I  think  we're  --  as  you  have  probably  seen  in  our 
 numbers,  we  have  gotten  the  margins  to  the  levels  that  we  had  felt  we'll  be  able  to  get  to, 
 perhaps  a  bit  faster  than  we  had  originally  imagined  that  we'll  be  able  to  get  to.  And  so  I  think 
 that integration is more or less complete. 
 The  one  vector  that  will  continue  to  need  work  is  the  whole  cross-sell  motion  into  AQuity's 
 health  systems.  And  again,  I'm  very  happy  to  note  that  as  we  sort  of  realigned  our 
 go-to-market  engine  with  a  very,  very  specific  focus  on  the  large  health  system  segment  and 
 understanding  what  is  the  propensity  to  buy  in  that  large  health  system  segment,  we  are  finally 
 starting to see some real traction in that segment and in that cross-sell motion. 
 So  good  early  green  shoots  that  are  also  obviously  visible  in  some  of  our  growth  numbers, 
 give  us  confidence  that  we  are  in  the  final  innings  of  the  AQuity  integration.  I  think  perhaps 

===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 another  couple  of  quarters  and  we  are  well  on  our  way.  We  also  over  the  next  couple  of 
 quarters  perhaps  would  have  completed  sort  of  the  pruning  of  the  long  tail  of  customers  that 
 AQuity  had,  which  is  something  that  we've  been  doing  thoughtfully  over  the  last  couple  of 
 years. So solid execution on that front. 
 The  third  one,  which  is  a  very  important  strategic  vector  for  our  business.  Look,  I  think  what 
 we  all  need  to  follow  our  big  pieces  in  the  business,  our  right  to  win  is  that  you've  invested  in 
 a  business  that  has  understood  that  in  the  medium  to  long  term,  large  healthcare  providers 
 cannot  be  in  the  business  of  buying  16  different,  what  I  call,  features  or  point  solutions  and 
 having  10,  12  different  vendors  that  outsource  these  16  point  solutions  for  them.  Eventually, 
 everybody  will  start  to  realize  that  the  value  of  the  whole  is  greater  than  the  sum  of  the 
 individual  parts  and  there  will  be  a  migration  of  buying  behavior  towards  more  and  more 
 platform vendor partners. 
 We  believe  that  we  are  probably  today  the  most  comprehensive  platform  play  in  the  outpatient 
 clinic  setting  and  we're  slowly  building  a  similar  platform  for  the  hospital  setting,  which  will 
 take  another  couple  of  years.  But  in  the  outpatient  setting,  we're  absolutely  the  number  one  in 
 terms  of  the  comprehensiveness  of  the  platform.  Yet,  I  think  we've  learned  very  carefully  over 
 the last several years that buying behaviors are different in different parts of the market. 
 When  you  look  at  the  large  health  system  segment,  which  is  where  you're  talking  about 
 systems  greater  than  USD5  billion,  those  systems  today,  even  as  they  intellectually  respond  to 
 the  idea  of  the  value  of  the  full  platform  versus  many  point  solutions,  their  buying  behavior  is 
 still  very  point-solution  oriented.  So  we've  actually  totally  reinvented  our  go-to-market  for  that 
 segment of the market as it relates to how we go to market. 
 We  will  still  introduce  the  idea  of  the  platform,  but  we  very  quickly  pivot  to  the  construct  of 
 which  point  solutions  can  solve  some  of  their  immediate  pain  points.  And  in  these  large 
 systems,  even  the  point  solution  wallets  are  so  large  that  that  strategy  makes  sense.  And  so  that 
 has been the strategic pivot that we've done. 
 Having  said  that,  what's  also  been  interesting  is  the  other  segments  of  the  market:  mid  to  small 
 health  systems  and  standalone  single  specialty  and  multi-specialty  physician  groups.  In  those, 
 there  is  a  greater  and  greater  proclivity  to  platform  sales  and  that's  really  also  where  we're 
 seeing  some  platform-based  pickup.  I  think  we've  had  four  or  five  very  significant  platform 
 sales since we went public over the last 18-odd months. 
 And,  so  a  very,  very  cleanly  stratified  go-to-market  between  what  the  proclivity  for  platform  is 
 in  the  small  to  mid-size  segment  of  the  market  and  what  the  proclivity  for  point  solutions  is  in 
 the  large  health  systems  segment  of  the  market.  And  then  because  we  have  to  co-exist  in  both 
 of  these  buying  behaviors,  it  behooves  us  to  build  this  platform  in  a  way  where  we  are  number 
 one  or  two  or  three  in  each  of  these  point  solutions  or  features  as  rated  by  industry  analysts 
 even as we are perhaps the only company with the full breadth of the platform. 
 And  that  execution  is  now  starting  to  get  demonstrated.  The  equivalent  of  the  most  followed 
 analyst  in  our  space,  like  it  used  to  be  Gartner  in  IT  services,  is  this  company  called  KLAS. 
 KLAS  is  an  endeavor  that  we  started  maybe  about  18-odd  months  ago  and  happy  to  report  that 

===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 in  two  of  our  very,  very  significant  features,  clinical  documentation  and  revenue  cycle 
 management, we are now starting to get rated as best in class. 
 So  we've  had  some  tremendous  progress  in  the  KLAS  ratings,  which  gives  us  the  confidence 
 that  our  approach  of  striving  to  be  leaders  in  each  of  the  features  even  as  we  are  continuing  to 
 manifest  the  full  platform  is  gaining  traction.  Not  an  easy  strategy  to  execute  on,  but  we're 
 steadfast on it. 
 And  then  last  but  not  the  least,  another  very  important  differentiated  execution  pillar  is  this 
 going  further  upstream  and  aligning  our  outcomes  even  more  to  our  customers.  As  I've  said 
 earlier,  traditionally  our  outcome,  our  model  with  our  customers  has  anyways  been 
 outcome-based  where  we  get  paid  as  a  percentage  of  their  revenue,  not  based  on  the  number  of 
 people we deploy or the amount of technology we deploy, right? 
 Now,  in  this  world,  what  we've  done  is  as  you've  heard  from  me  over  the  last  several  quarters, 
 we've  gone  further  upstream  and  deployed  a  strategy  where  in  a  model  that  we,  as  we  got 
 more  and  more  confident  that  at  the  full  deployment  of  our  platform  the  type  of  value  we 
 create  for  these  healthcare  enterprises  is  somewhere  between  say  700  to  1,000  basis  points  of 
 EBITDA increase. 
 Remember,  these  are  basically  6%,  7%,  8%  EBITDA  businesses  in  the  first  place.  If  we  can 
 increase  their  EBITDA  by  700  to  1,000  basis  points  by  cutting  their  costs  of  these  tasks  and 
 freeing  up  the  doctor's  time  so  that  they  can  see  more  patients  in  that  time  that  increases  their 
 revenue  on  the  same  fixed  cost,  you're  talking  about  a  value  prop  that  can  more  than  double 
 the current EBITDA of this business. 
 And  remember,  it's  in  an  industry  that  is  undergoing  severe  pressures  because  their 
 reimbursement  rates  from  insurance  companies,  both  government  and  private  insurance 
 companies, are coming down even though inflation is pretty strong in the US. 
 So  you  have  a  business  model  that  is  under  tremendous  cost  pressure,  that  is  our  customer's 
 business  model,  and  we  have  a  business  model  that  is  able  to  fundamentally  transform  their 
 margins  that  are  today  under  tremendous  pressure.  And  it  is  with  that  belief  that  we  have  now 
 started  aligning  further  upstream  and  actually  create  a  model  where  we  have  two  streams  of 
 economics. 
 One  stream  of  economics  is  obviously  at  the  deployment  of  our  platform,  the  customers  pay  us 
 the  usage  fee  for  basically  eliminating  those  chore  tasks.  But  the  second  pool  of  economics  is 
 where  often  we  are  incentivizing  our  customers  to  buy  the  full  platform  through  what  we  call  a 
 net  economic  value  add  advance,  which  is  nothing  but  a  guarantee  that  we  believe  that  we'll 
 generate at least a certain amount of net economic value add. 
 And  truth  be  told,  obviously  since  this  model  is  relatively  new  in  the  industry,  many  of  you  all 
 were  perhaps  a  little  bit  worried  about  is  this  approach  going  to  work.  And  I'm  very,  very 
 happy  to  report  that  the  first  deal  that  we  had  done  with  a  mid-size  health  system  in  Southern 
 California  called  Palomar  Health,  in  which  we  had  advanced  $16.5  million  of  net  economic 
 value add benefits to them. 

===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 In  the  first  year  itself,  which  by  the  way  took  us  more  than  6  months  to  implement  the 
 platform  in  the  first  place,  maybe  even  close  to  8  months  by  the  time  the  full  platform  was 
 implemented,  in  the  4  months  of  full  go-live,  we've  already  been  able  to  generate  $3  million  of 
 net economic value add. 
 So  what  was  a  15-year  contract  for  the  full  platform  with  this  system  in  which  we  had  to 
 recover  $16.5  million,  we've  already  created  $3  million  that  we've  been  able  to  invoice  for  this 
 last  year.  So  gives  us  a  tremendous  amount  of  confidence  that  the  second  pool  of  economics 
 beyond  the  traditional  pool  which  is  the  fees  they  pay  us  for  the  platform,  the  second  pool  of 
 economics will actually turn out to be perhaps quite lucrative as well. 
 And  by  the  way,  all  this  is  happening  in  a  way  where  we  have  fundamentally  transformed  their 
 patient  experience,  their  physician  experience,  and  their  administrative  experience  and  are 
 starting to make them viable again. 
 So  I  think  very,  very  happy  to  report  the  progress  in  this  particular  dimension.  If  we  can 
 continue  to  execute  this  across  the  4  or  5  deals  that  we  have  done  in  this  construct,  I  think  it 
 creates  a  totally  transformative  model  for  our  business  over  a  period  of  time.  So  all  in  all,  a 
 very  strong  quarter  of  execution  as  it  relates  to  our  5  pillars  which  like  I  mentioned  earlier  is 
 also resulted in some recognition from KLAS that we are really happy about. 
 And  just  to  give  a  quick  update,  Saransh  if  we  could  move  to  Slide  6.  Just  to  give  a  quick 
 update,  I  had  spoken  to  you  earlier  about  the  16  features  that  we  have  and  one  of  the  things 
 that we do is we constantly track the automation levels by feature. 
 Now  we're  tracking  actually  two  things.  One,  we're  tracking  the  automation  by  feature  and 
 second  we're  tracking  how  many  of  these  features  are  we  starting  to  interconnect  through 
 agentic  workflows  because  when  you  start  to  do  that  actually  the  value  creation  starts  to  get 
 compounded across those features instead of being some of the parts. 
 And  again,  happy  to  note  like  I  had  said  earlier,  tremendous  progress  in  the  pre-visit  section  of 
 our  patient  journey  of  our  platform  where  I  was  saying  we've  done  these  multi-agent 
 orchestrations  within  optimized  scheduling,  patient  financial  clearance  and  all  of  that 
 campaign management through the patient engagement hub. 
 Continued  progress  on  taking  Scribble.  Just  so  that  everybody  follows  the  journey  of  each  of 
 these  features  is  most  of  them  have  started  in  a  human-led  and  tech-in-the-loop,  then  they  go 
 from  tech-led  largely  AI-led  to  some  human-in-the-loop  because  you  always  want  some 
 human-in-the-loop supervision. 
 And  then  for  some  features,  you  can  take  them  to  such  accuracy  that  you  can  also  start  to  take 
 them  to  full  autonomy.  And  that  is  where  for  example  we've  achieved  in  Scribble  now  or  for 
 that  matter  in  autonomous  coding  we're  moving  to  full  autonomy  in  a  couple  of  specialties. 
 And  so  as  this  journey  manifests  from  human-led  tech-in-the-loop  to  tech-led 
 human-in-the-loop  to  full  autonomy,  you  can  see  how  the  non-linearity  in  the  business  model 
 plays out between revenue growth and people growth. 
 So  continued  progress  across  these  features  and  all  this  has  resulted  in  like  I  was  saying, 

===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 Saransh,  you  can  move  the  slide  to  a  very  strong  quarter  of  financial  performance.  Happy  to 
 note  that  in  this  quarter  we  were  able  to  grow  our  revenue  to  INR815  crores,  which  is  about  a 
 24%  year-on-year  growth  in  revenue,  19%  in  constant  currency  terms  and  we  were  able  to  do 
 this  while  delivering  some  very  strong  EBITDA  numbers.  EBITDA  came  in  at  about  INR281 
 crores. 
 Saransh  if  we  can  go  to  Slide  9,  then  we'll  come  back  to  the  slide.  EBITDA  came  in  at  INR281 
 crores,  which  on  a  24%  revenue  growth  is  an  EBITDA  growth  of  40.4%.  And  on  a 
 quarter-on-quarter  basis  revenue  grew  4.3%  and  EBITDA  grew  3.6%.  And  that's  obviously  as 
 you  can  imagine  there  are  some  one-time  impacts  of  the  Labour  Code  changes  etcetera.,  which 
 in  our  case  are  not  that  material  for  a  multitude  of  reasons,  but  all  of  those  factors  are  already 
 baked into this EBITDA number of 35% odd and INR281 crores. 
 So  there's  no  adjustments  etcetera  in  this  EBITDA,  which  all  results  in  an  overall  PAT  of 
 INR183  crores,  which  is  actually  a  41%  year-on-year  growth  and  1.4%  Q-o-Q  growth.  And 
 there  are  a  couple  of  non-cash  items  that  are  actually  affecting  the  PAT.  When  you  adjust  for 
 those  non-cash  items,  actually  PAT  comes  to  INR215  crores,  which  is  a  48%  year-on-year 
 growth and an 8.7% quarter-on-quarter growth. 
 I'll  let  Nithya  comment  in  her  remarks  about  those  non-cash  adjustments.  But  overall,  no 
 matter  how  you  look  at  it,  a  very,  very  strong  quarter  of  financial  performance  which  by  the 
 way  is  really  a  byproduct  of  the  teams  working  tirelessly  to  execute  across  our  five  pillars  of 
 execution.  So  with  that,  I'll  turn  it  over  to  Nithya  to  dive  into  some  of  the  more  details  of  our 
 financials and we'll take it from there. 
 Nithya  Balasubramanian:  Thank  you  Sachin  and  good  morning  everyone.  Taking  off  from 
 Sachin's  remarks  on  the  numbers,  I'll  start  with  the  one-off  items  that  Sachin  was  referring  to. 
 There  are  two  such  items  in  the  numbers  this  quarter.  One  is  the  Labour  code  impact,  though 
 immaterial  it  has  been  baked  into  the  numbers.  Second  is  we  have  refinanced  our  term  loan 
 during  this  quarter.  Investors  will  remember  that  we  had  assumed  a  term  loan  of  almost  $146 
 million at the time of acquiring AQuity. 
 We,  of  course,  continued  to  pay  that  down  and  we  have  now  refinanced  that  term  loan  to  a  $50 
 million  term  loan.  Of  course,  the  refinancing  triggered  an  accelerated  amortization  of  the  setup 
 cost  of  the  original  loan.  The  INR12.7  crores  number  is  that  one-time  non-cash  write-off 
 which is also sitting in the PAT numbers. 
 So  adjusted  for  these  non-cash  items,  the  PAT  actually  grew  at  almost  48%  and  we  had  about 
 INR215  crores  of  adjusted  PAT  this  quarter.  If  we  can  go  to  the  next  slide,  I'll  cover  a  few 
 more items. I think you're missing the EPS slide Saransh. 
 Saransh Mundra:  Yes so go to Slide 10. Yes. 
 Nithya  Balasubramanian:  Yes,  so  EPS  of  course  grew  at  a  fairly  healthy  pace  in  line  with  our  profit  numbers.  EPS  grew 
 to  INR11  in  the  quarter  and  it's  a  40%  year-on-year  growth.  Return  on  equity  continues  to  be 
 very  healthy  and  was  at  30%  this  quarter.  Now  again  adjusted  for  the  one-offs  I  had 
 highlighted earlier, this number is actually 33%. If we can go to the next one. 

===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 Nithya  Balasubramanian:  We're  getting  there.  Yes.  So,  cash  generation  continues  to  be  very  strong  if  you  look  at  the 
 adjusted  OCF  and  FCF  numbers,  conversion  from  EBITDA  and  PAT  respectively  continues  to 
 be  very  healthy  and  close  to  100%.  The  actual  OCF  numbers  you  need  to  adjust  a  INR90 
 crores or $10 million number. 
 This  is  towards  an  upfront  performance  guarantee  that  has  been  provided  to  a  large  customer. 
 This  will  be  booked  as  assets  in  our  books,  which  will  be  recovered  through  the  savings  that 
 we  will  be  generating  in  our  customer  as  we  deploy  our  platform.  If  you  look  at  the  net  debt 
 numbers,  again  it  continues  to  come  down.  We  ended  the  quarter  at  INR322  crores  or 
 approximately $35 million in net debt. 
 If  we  can  go  to  the  next  slide.  Let's  go  to  the  summary  financial  slide.  I  think  we've  covered 
 most  of  this.  So,  I  have  covered  a  lot  of  the  highlights  in  my  earlier  remarks,  so  I'll  just  call  out 
 a  few  additional  call  outs  on  this  slide.  You  will  note  that  forex  gain  in  this  quarter  has  been 
 approximately  INR9  crores.  But  please  note  that  we  continue  to  maintain  a  hedging  policy  and 
 there is a INR9 crores hedge loss that's also sitting in the revenue line item. 
 So  the  currency  impact  has  been  net  neutral  for  us  this  quarter.  If  you  look  at  finance  costs,  this 
 is  where  the  INR12.7  crores  one-off  write-off  that  I  highlighted  earlier  is  sitting.  Adjusted  for 
 that  number,  our  finance  cost  obviously  continues  to  come  down  and  of  course  with 
 refinancing as well we've got better interest rates. 
 Moving  down  to  tax,  our  ETR  for  the  quarter  was  20%.  For  the  full  year  ETR  please  expect 
 ETR  to  be  around  the  same  21%  number.  If  we  can  move  to  the  next  slide.  So  these  are  the 
 standard  set  of  KPIs  that  we  report  every  quarter.  Our  EBITDA  per  employee  number 
 continues  to  be  at  a  very,  very  healthy  level  and  has  grown  substantially  year-on-year,  largely 
 from  the  margin  transformation  that  we've  been  able  to  achieve  with  the  AQuity  business 
 model. 
 Looking  at  the  top  10  customers,  top  five  customers,  both  of  them  have  grown  at  a  healthy 
 pace,  both  year-on-year  and  quarter-on-quarter.  And  our  vintage  with  both  the  top  five 
 customers  and  top  10  customers  continues  to  be  north  of  six  years  and  very  healthy.  That's  the 
 I'll end the prepared remarks here and we're open to take questions now. 
 Saransh Mundra:  Thank you, Nithya. Back to you all  for questions. 
 Moderator:  We  take  the  first  question  from  the  line  of  Chirag  Kachhadiya  from  Motilal  Oswal  Financial 
 Services. 
 Chirag  Kachhadiya:  Couple  of  questions  to  Nithya  and  Sachin.  So  some  of  the  deals  which  you  mentioned  in  our 
 earlier  investor  presentation  and  the  five  deals  which  we  tried  to  execute,  when  do  we  expect 
 to  start  translating  into  revenue?  That's  question  number  one.  Second,  from  the  cross-sell 
 perspective,  in  the  earlier  deals  which  we  announced  in  our  earlier  presentations  of  the 
 earnings, what is the status of execution on those deals? 
 And  we  repeatedly  mentioned  that  near  about  90%  of  revenue  is  coming  from  the  same  set  of 

===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 customers.  So  what  is  the  incremental  growth  coming  from  the  deals  so  far  disclosed,  both 
 post listing? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  So  Chirag,  I  apologize,  not  all  aspects  of  your  questions  were  clear,  so  I'll  try  to  answer  what  I 
 did  hear.  I  guess  we  were  talking  about  the  new  deals  that  have  been  announced  this  quarter, 
 which  are  Femwell,  StrideCare,  and  then  a  couple  of  other  deals  where  we  can't  name  the 
 customer.  On  those,  are  you  looking  for  the  potential  revenue  contribution  from  those,  because 
 we  don't  generally  give  that  specific  deal-by-deal?  So  I  will  say  that.  Yes,  please  go  ahead, 
 Chirag. 
 Chirag  Kachhadiya:  Yes,  so  I'm  asking  the  question  when  these  deals  will  get  converted  into  revenue  from  like 
 during which quarter? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  Yes,  so  good,  that's  a  good  question.  Two  of  those  deals  that  are  unnamed  are  actually  kicking 
 into  Q4  itself.  And  the  other  two  deals,  Femwell  and  StrideCare  are  expected  to  start  kicking 
 into  revenue  in  Q1.  StrideCare  should  go  live  entirely  by  the  end  of  Q1,  perhaps  early  Q2.  The 
 Femwell  deal,  which  is,  you  know,  their  base  of  800-plus  providers,  is  likely  to  go  live  across 
 that  800-provider  base  over  the  six-to-nine-month  duration  starting  in  Q1.  So  it'll  basically  go 
 from Q1 to Q3. 
 Chirag  Kachhadiya:  Thank  you.  And  are  we  only  the  sole  service  provider  to  these  entities  or  we  are  gaining 
 market share from the existing vendors? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  Yes,  so  on  StrideCare,  you  know,  actually  Chirag,  90%  of  the  time  we  are  replacing  the 
 incumbent,  which  is  the  in-house  entity.  So  in  the  case  of  StrideCare,  that  is  predominantly  the 
 case.  They  were  using  a  tech  vendor  partially,  which  we  are  also  replacing  with  our 
 technology  platform.  In  the  case  of  Femwell,  that  is  work  that  is  typically  being  done  by  their 
 doctors and we're unburdening them of the clinical documentation work. 
 And  we  will  obviously  be,  you  know,  replacing  their  burdens  and  creating  a  whole  bunch  of 
 net  economic  value  add  in  that  process.  In  the  other  two  systems,  we  are  not  the  sole  provider. 
 They  are  very  large  systems,  one  of  them  is  on  the  top  five  health  systems  in  the  country,  and 
 there  they  use  a  combination  of  in-house  teams  as  well  as  outsourced  vendors  like  us  and  we 
 are slowly moving to pole position as the outsourced partner for them. 
 Chirag  Kachhadiya:  And  just  one  broad  question.  The  revenues  of  these  client,  I  mean  the  deals  which  you  have 
 signed,  what  percentage  of  their  operating  expenses  or  overall  revenue  currently  they  are 
 spending on these services which a provider like us can, you know, deliver them? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  Chirag,  it's  very  hard  to  answer  that  generally  because  it's  different  for  different  customers.  So 
 I  don't  know  how  to  give  you  an  answer  that  applies  across  customers,  but  I  will  say  that 
 typically  our  paradigm  is  that  for  mid  to  large  customers,  on  the  revenue  cycle,  we  tend  to  do 
 end-to-end deals. So, we often become their full wallet right at the get-go. 
 For  the  very  large  health  system,  which  is  not  the  5  billion,  those  are  the  ones  that  sort  of  grow 
 incrementally  over  the  period  of  time,  no  matter  what  the  feature  may  be,  revenue  cycle  or 
 clinical documentation or other features within clinical support or value-based care. 

===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 So,  if  the  health  system  or  the  customer  is  greater  than  $5  billion  in  revenue,  you  should 
 expect  that  we  will  land  with  one  or  more  features  and  expand  both  those  features  and  sell 
 other  features  over  a  period  of  time.  And  if  it  is  a  system  that  is  less  than  a  $1  billion  or  in  that 
 range,  give  or  take,  we  tend  to  be  in  positions  where  we  have  a  much  more  comprehensive 
 commitment from the get-go. But it is very hard to generalise across the customer base. 
 If  the  question  is,  is  there  still  a  large  runway  for  selling  into  the  existing  customer  base,  the 
 simple  answer  to  that  is  absolutely  yes.  And  we  still  continue  to  maintain  that  in  most  healthy 
 growth  years,  somewhere  between  85%  to  90%  of  our  growth  is  going  to  come  from  existing 
 customer expansion versus new customer addition. 
 Chirag Kachhadiya:  Okay. Thank you Sachin for the  detailed explanation. 
 Sachin Gupta:  Thank you. 
 Moderator:  Thank  you.  We  take  the  next  question  from  the  line  of  Ruchi  Mukhija  from  ICICI  Securities 
 Limited. Please go ahead. 
 Ruchi  Mukhija:  Thank  you.  Many  congratulations  on  a  strong  quarter.  Couple  of  questions.  First,  we  saw  the 
 press  regarding  the  US  administration's  proposal  to  keep  the  Medicare  Advantage  rate  flat  for 
 next  calendar  year.  So  how  would  it  impact  demand  for  IKS?  Could  you  help  us  understand 
 that? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  Thank  you  for  the  question  Ruchi.  Yes,  happy  to  do  it.  So  look,  I  think  if  you  really  think 
 about  what  that  does,  right?  Medicare  Advantage  is  a  value-based  care  payment  program  that 
 has  bipartisan  support  in  the  US.  And  what  they  are  doing  is  they  are  carefully  recalibrating 
 reimbursement for that program. 
 Now,  as  they  do  that,  it's  going  to  put  more  pressure  on  the  providers  and  or  risk-bearing 
 entities  that  are  enrolled  in  that  program.  Now  as  that  pressure  increases,  they  are  going  to  do 
 everything  they  can  to  optimize  both  the  cost  of  care  provided  to  the  patients  within  that 
 program  while  optimizing  the  quality  of  care  and  also  doing  whatever  they  can  to  optimize  the 
 premium  that  they  get  for  those  lives  within,  you  know,  within  those  set  of  lives  that  they  are 
 registered or insured over. 
 So  the  way  to  think  about  it  is  there  are  three  levers  that  they  have.  They  will  want  to  optimize 
 the  premium  that  they  get  per  life,  they  will  try  to  reduce  the  cost  of  care  associated  with  those 
 lives  so  that  they  can  make  more  margin  between  the  premium  increase  and  the  reduced  cost 
 of  care,  and  because  the  premium  includes  a  kicker  for  delivering  higher  quality  of  care  they 
 will want to improve the quality of care delivered. 
 Now  when  you  think  of  our  value-based  care  offerings  for  Medicare  Advantage,  they  actually 
 impact  all  of  these  three  levers.  How  do  you  optimize  premium?  You  optimize  premium  by 
 appropriately capturing the risk associated with the condition of a patient. 
 So  for  example  we  have  a  large  health  system  that  we  work  with  and  the  Chief  Medical 
 Officer  said,  you  know  when  I  look  at  how  these  patients  that  are  at  risk  with  me  are  coded,  it 
 shows that only 18% of my patients are obese. 

===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 But  when  I  talk  to  my  doctors,  they  said  at  least  80%  of  the  patients  that  they  are  seeing  are 
 obese.  That  means  they're  not  accurately  capturing  the  risk  conditions  of  those  patients,  which 
 then  drive  the  premium  they  will  get  from  Medicare.  The  more  at-risk  the  patient  is,  the  better 
 the premium is. 
 So  our  service  there  of  appropriately  capturing  risk  per  life  becomes  even  more  attractive  for  a 
 system  like  this  because  the  premiums  are  now  under  pressure  and  the  better  you  capture  risk 
 associated  with  the  life  or  acuity  associated  with  the  life,  the  better  your  reimbursement  is 
 going to be. 
 So  that  is  as  it  relates  to  optimizing  premium.  And  then  we  have  services  that  allow  these 
 customers  to  not  only  provide  better  quality  care,  but  also  report  better  quality  care,  which  also 
 improves  their  premium.  And  then  last  but  not  the  least  within  our  value-based  care  portfolio, 
 we  have  services  that  allow  them  to  manage  the  total  cost  of  care  of  these  lives  that  they  are 
 insured under Medicare Advantage better, and those help improve the reduced cost. 
 So  when  you  really  think  about  it,  the  more  the  pressure  on  these  risk-bearing  entities  or 
 providers,  the  more  attractive  our  value-based  care  portfolio  becomes  to  them.  And  so  I 
 fundamentally look at it as a macro tailwind for the value-based care business. 
 Having  said  that,  this  space  is  very  crowded,  there  are  a  lot  of  vendors,  and  so  it's  very 
 important  to  my  earlier  comment  that  we  emerge  as  one  of  the  best  players,  the  best  vendor 
 partners  in  value-based  care  even  as  we  have  the  full  breadth  of  the  platform  so  that  as  these 
 risk-bearing  entities  are  choosing  who  to  partner  with  so  that  they  can  manage  better  in  the 
 new tighter environment, we emerge as their obvious choice. 
 Ruchi  Mukhija:  Thank  you  for  that  elaborate  answer.  Sachin,  in  case  a  patient  receives  a  care  and  the  sum  is 
 not  fully  covered  by  insurance,  does  that  result  in  loss  of  revenue  or  does  the  patient  have  to 
 pay out of pocket if the rate revision is lower? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  So,  Ruchi,  it's  very  hard  to  generalize  that  answer.  It  depends  on  what  type  of  patient  it  is, 
 right?  If  the  patient  is  Medicaid-eligible,  then  Medicaid  would  cover  that  patient  and  you'd  get 
 reimbursed from Medicaid. 
 If  the  patient  wants  to  go  out  of  pocket  because,  you  know,  there's  super-elite  patients  that 
 even  don't  want  to  carry  insurance,  then  that  is  a  different  rate  that  you  get  reimbursed  by.  And 
 so,  I  don't  think  there's  a  generic  answer  for  what  happens  to  the  uninsured  populations.  But  I 
 will say that look, in the end we are representing the providers, right? 
 And  if  the  number  of  uninsured  go  up,  that  are  not  able  to  pay  for  their  care,  what  happens  is 
 the  providers  which  are  our  clients,  their  bad  debt  will  go  up.  If  their  bad  debt  goes  up  it  puts 
 more  pressure  on  them.  So,  I  mean,  I  am  so  far  not  hearing  any  macro  regulation  that  is  not  a 
 fundamental  tailwind  for  our  business.  Because  the  more  and  more  the  pressure,  the  more  and 
 more  their  proclivity  to  improve  their  margins  and  get  providers  operating  at  the  top  of  license 
 by using platforms like us. 
 Management:  Ruchi,  just  additional  clarification  that  whatever  you're  hearing  about  Medicare  Advantage 

===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 doesn't  mean  that  the  uninsured  population  is  going  up  in  the  US.  Yes  there  is  no  correlation 
 between those two phenomena at all. 
 The  Medicare  Advantage  premiums  are  going  to  suffer  unless  the  risk-bearing  entities  can 
 justify  better  premiums  through  accurate  risk  capture.  That  will  happen,  but  there  is  really  no 
 correlation between the MA premiums and the number of uninsured. 
 Ruchi  Mukhija:  Got  it.  Moving  on,  this  quarter  we  saw  very  strong  25%  sequential  revenue  growth  in  your  top 
 6-to-10  client  bucket.  Is  this  reflection  of  Palomar  and  WWMG  moving  to  this  bucket  and 
 could  you  help  us  --  we  did  hear  you  talk  about  the  net  economic  value  generated  in  Palomar 
 deal? How's the progress panning on WWMG deal as well? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  Yes,  so  thank  you  for  the  question,  Ruchi.  Look,  I  think  what  I  don't  want  to  get  into  is  a 
 paradigm  of  reporting  progress  on  each  deal.  Having  said  that,  the  WWMG  deal  is  absolutely 
 on track. 
 And  we  expect  to  see  benefits  being  created  over  a  period  of  time  and,  again,  the  results  of  the 
 Palomar  deal  so  far  have  given  us  a  big  shot  in  the  arm  and  the  confidence  that  this  model  has 
 long-term sustainability, but it's still early days and we'll see how it progresses in the future. 
 Please  understand  one  of  the  factors  that  drive  the  speed  of  the  implementation  of  the  full 
 platform  and  the  net  resulting  net  economic  value-add  is  also  the  underlying  system  of  record 
 or electronic health record that the customer has with whom we have to integrate our platform. 
 Now,  in  the  case  of  Palomar,  they  were  on  an  electronic  health  record  platform  called  NextGen 
 with  whom  we've  had  a  long-standing  relationship  and  so  we  were  perhaps  able  to  integrate  a 
 bit  faster  even  though  in  spite  of  that  relationship  it  took  us  three  months  longer  than  we  had 
 hoped. 
 In  the  case  of  Western  Washington,  they  are  on  Epic  and  that  Epic  is  delegated  to  them 
 through  a  large  hospital  in  the  area.  So  integration  with  Epic  always  takes  longer  than 
 integration  with  other  systems.  And  so,  you  know,  things  like  those  will  always  play  into  the 
 deal  dynamics,  Ruchi,  which  is  why  I  don't  know  that  the  deal-specific  nuances  are  of  that 
 much relevance. 
 But  I  think  over  a  period  of  time  I  think  we  have  early  indications  that  our  fundamental  thesis 
 around this net economic value-add model might turn out to be quite valuable. 
 Ruchi Mukhija:  Okay, and as we... 
 Moderator:  Ruchi, I would request you to please join  back the queue for follow-up questions. 
 Ruchi Mukhija:  Sure. 
 Moderator:  Thank  you.  We  take  the  next  question  from  the  line  of  Prolin  Nandu  from  Edelweiss  Public 
 Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
 Prolin  Nandu:  Yes.  Hi,  team.  Thank  you  for  taking  my  question.  Just  to  double  click  on  some  of  the  previous 
 participant's  question  on  what  is  going  on  in  US,  right?  While  the  Medicaid  inflation  was 

===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 lower-than-expected  or  price  hikes,  there  are  various  cases  of  frauds  which  are  also  coming 
 out in the provider mix, right, in maybe states of Florida and some other states as well? 
 So  while  I  appreciate  your  comment  that  in  the  longer  term  all  this  is  going  to  be  positive  for  a 
 platform  like  us,  but  in  an  interim  is  there  a  risk  that  some  of  the  volumes  at  our  clients  might 
 suffer, right, because of whatever is going on? 
 And  in  the  same  context  how  difficult  is  it  to  identify  a  consolidator  client  in  such  a  scenario, 
 right,  where  if  I  also  think  about  your  deal  with  Palomar,  right,  that  also  acquired  --  they  got 
 acquired,  right,  in  a  way?  So  in  a  very,  you  know,  dynamic  sort  of  a  world  do  you  think  that 
 there  could  be  some  hiccups  in  our  revenue  before  we  probably  realize  the  benefit  of  what  is 
 going on in the US regulatory space? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  Thank  you  for  the  question.  I  think  the  answer  is  yes  and  yes.  I  mean,  I'm  sorry,  but  Yes,  I 
 mean,  of  course  there  is  a  --  this  is  a  highly  dynamic  environment,  also  an  environment  where 
 there  is  constant  change  in  regulation,  there  is  unpredictability  of  regulation,  and  then  there  is 
 all this need for buyers to discern the signal-to-noise ratio between AI hype and reality. 
 And  so  in  a  world  like  this,  if  I  stood  here  and  said  everything  is  a  tailwind  for  us  and 
 everything  will  result  in  linear  growth  consistently  quarter-on-quarter,  year-on-year,  I'd  be 
 lying.  And  so  you're  right,  I  mean,  I  don't  know  when  the  next  hiccup  is  coming,  which  is  why 
 we don't give guidance. 
 And  that's  why  I  keep  saying  that  in  general  if  we're  growing  faster  than  12%,  we're  gaining 
 market  share.  If  we're  growing  slower  than  12%,  we're  losing  market  share.  And  we're  going 
 to  try  to  stick  with  that  and  you  know  we'll  have  some  quarters  where  perhaps  the  numbers 
 look  better  than  other  quarters  like  this  quarter  that  ended  Q3,  which  we're  very  proud  of,  and 
 there'll  be  other  quarters  where  numbers  will  look  worse.  But  I  don't  think  this  is  a  mature 
 stable market where you can predict a linear growth curve quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year. 
 So  if  your  question  is,  does  this  create  unpredictability  in  the  market  and  could  there  be 
 hiccups?  Absolutely.  I  mean,  hard  for  me  to  tell.  I  can  just  tell  you  that  our  clients  are  under 
 more  and  more  pressure  and  more  and  more  pressure  means  that  they  have  to  do  things  that 
 they  haven't  done  in  the  past  and  their  pride  of  trying  to  own  everything  is  definitely  being 
 tested right now. 
 So  that  is  a  sort  of  macro  fundamental  trend  that  is  undeniable,  but  how  that  plays  out  on  a 
 quarter-to-quarter  basis  will  there  be  some  hiccups  in  some  client?  Absolutely.  Now,  you 
 know, that only time will tell, so thank you. 
 Prolin  Nandu:  Yes,  thank  you  Sachin  for  that.  The  second  question  is  that  you  have  done  a  fantastic  job  on 
 margins,  right,  and  part  of  it  is  coming  because  of  the  AQuity  thing  as  well.  So  in  our  kind  of  a 
 business  where  50%  of  our  revenue  is  outcome-based  and  we  are  moving  towards  a  more,  you 
 know,  platform  deal  and  outcome-based  deals  as  well,  how  do  we  understand  the  ceiling  on 
 the margins or revenue per employee or EBITDA per employee? 
 Because  in  a  purely  product  company,  right,  every  additional  dollar  of  revenue  comes  at  a  very 
 little  marginal  cost.  So  in  some  of  our  outcome-based  deal  is  that  something  that  is  --  will 

===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 work out for us as well? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  So,  I  think,  look,  we're  not  a  pure  product  company  and  we're  not  a  pure  services  company, 
 right?  We  still  have  13,500  people  nearly,  which  means  that  there  are  some  tasks  that  are 
 executed  manually  and  there  are  some  tasks  that  technology  is  eliminating.  What  I  will  point 
 you to is the fact that for 24% year-on-year growth, there has been 1.5% headcount growth. 
 If  you  extrapolate  this  trend  to  the  last  5  years,  you'll  see  clear  evidence  of  this  trend,  so  it  is 
 not  a  1-year  trend  or  a  fluke  phenomenon,  right?  So  I  think  what  you  should  continue  to 
 expect  is  more  and  more  tech  leverage  in  the  business.  But  that  more  and  more  tech  leverage 
 will also get offset by continued expansion of R&D investment. 
 As  you've  seen  our  R&D  investment  this  quarter  is  up  to  nearly  5%,  4.7%.  I  think  it's  about 
 INR39  crores,  give  or  take.  And  so  we  intend  to  continue  to  expand  our  R&D  investment  in  a 
 world  where  everybody  talks  about  AI,  we're  actually  building  AI  and  deploying  it  to  make  a 
 real impact on patient lives, on provider lives, and in the process on our bottom line. 
 And  so,  expansion  of  R&D  investment  also  in  a  market  where  there  is  so  much  noise  about  the 
 hype  of  AI,  it's  imperative  that  we  continue  to  expand  our  marketing  spends,  which  is  going  to 
 be  another  lever  of  investment.  And  then  we'll  continue  to  expand  our  sales  force  by  market 
 segment because each of the market segments are so nuanced and have their own dynamics. 
 And  so  our  stance  between  Nithya  and  me  has  always  been  that  look,  once  we  get  to  early  to 
 mid-30s  in  margins,  that  is  what  you  should  expect  from  the  business.  We  had  thought  we 
 would  get  there  two  quarters  later,  we  got  there  two  quarters  sooner.  I  think  we  are  in  the 
 range.  And  so  I  wouldn't  model  if  that's  what  you're  looking  to  do  some  significant  margin 
 expansion at the EBITDA level. 
 Will  we  constantly  keep  trying  to  optimize  gross  margin?  Yes.  As  we  optimize  gross  margin 
 will  we  keep  expanding  our  investments  in  SG&A,  R&D,  sales  and  marketing?  Yes.  And,  you 
 know,  we  stay  consistent  with  what  I  have  said  is  that  this  is  the  EBITDA  range  that  we  feel 
 relatively  comfortable  with.  And  by  that,  I  don't  mean  35%,  but  this  range  within  the  next 
 within say 100 to 150 bps. 
 Prolin Nandu:  Thank you so much Sachin and all the  very best. 
 Sachin Gupta:  Thank you. 
 Moderator:  Thank you. We take the next question from  the line of Azim from Barclays. Please go ahead. 
 Azim:  Yes,  thank  you.  Congratulations  on  a  good  set  of  numbers.  Question  is  around  what  we  keep 
 seeing  on  TV,  right?  This  Anthropic  and  the  way  AI  is  progressing.  I  know  you  have  covered 
 enough. 
 But  still  the  question  that  is  lingering  here  is  that  how  the  competition  is  kind  of  matching  up 
 to  your  pace  by  using  these  agents  and  the  way,  you  know,  the  entire  Anthropic  is  disrupting 
 SaaS  and  other  areas.  So  what  is  the  distinguished  IP  that  you  have  which  competition  may 
 not have when you're reaching out to your, you know, potential clients? 

===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 Sachin  Gupta:  So,  thank  you  for  the  question  and  for  the  kind  words.  I  think  the  simple  answer  is  this.  Look, 
 what  is  Anthropic?  Anthropic  has  this  platform  called  Claude.  That  is,  it's  essentially  a  code 
 generation  platform  and  it  is  a  very  sophisticated  code  generation  platform  where  people  that 
 are not the most sophisticated engineers can actually rely on the platform to generate code. 
 And  it's  very  important  for  us  to  understand  that.  We,  as  a  business,  are  constantly  writing 
 code  leveraging  AI  to  deploy  this  technology  to  eliminate  tasks.  And  as  the  Anthropics  of  the 
 world  keep  making  the  Claudes  of  the  world  more  and  more  sophisticated,  we  will  be  able  to 
 do  more  and  more  technology  build-outs,  hopefully  at  a  lower  cost  and  deploy  technology 
 rapidly. 
 So  for  us,  we  don’t  look  --  nobody  pays  us  to  develop  technology  based  on  the  number  of 
 people  we  deploy  and  all  that,  right?  That's  not  our  business  model.  So  for  companies  that  get 
 paid  because  it  takes  50  people  to  build  a  technology,  Claude  might  now  be  able  to  do  it  with 
 14 people and so obviously they're going to run into headwinds. 
 In  our  case,  that  is  not  the  case  at  all.  So,  I  actually  want  more  and  more  Claudes  to  come  out, 
 more  and  more  Claude  software  development  kits  to  be  rolled  out  so  that  we  can  accelerate 
 our deployment cycle. 
 Now,  your  next  question,  as  a  corollary  to  that  is,  does  that  democratize  the  right  for  other  new 
 players  to  leverage  these  tools  and  also  build  a  platform  like  us?  And  I  think  it  would  be  naive 
 on  my  part  to  say  that  it  doesn't.  Yes,  of  course.  Traditionally,  what  took  us  3  years  to  build  as 
 a technology, today we're building it in 6 months. 
 So,  what  is  to  say  others  won't  build  it?  But  please  keep  in  mind  building  the  technology  is  one 
 thing,  capturing  market  share  is  another.  It  has  been  18  years  that  we  have  taken  to  capture 
 150,000  providers,  we  still  face  constant  resistance  working  with  our  clients,  convincing  them 
 to  change  what  they  are  doing  in  spite  of  their  pressures  to  penetrate,  then  integrating  with 
 their system of records, the EHRs. 
 All  of  our  clients,  even  when  they're  on  an  EHR,  their  data  is  in  an  absolute  mess.  So,  it  takes  a 
 long  time  to  get  their  data  reorganized  and  vectorized  so  that  these  technology  platforms  can 
 be  effective  with  that  data.  So  this  notion  that  somehow  these  enterprises  will  leverage  a  tool 
 like  Claude  and  build  all  of  these  agentic  workflows  themselves  is  rather  unrealistic  in  my 
 opinion. 
 And  so  look,  I  think  we're  hoping  there's  more  and  more  Claude  and  there's  more  and  more 
 acceleration  to  the  engineering  cycle.  And  if  in  that  process  some  worthy  competitors  come  in 
 and  create  technology  that  is  either  better  than  ours  or  have  a  mousetrap  that  gets  them  into  the 
 market faster, all glory to them. 
 Just  keep  in  mind  it's  a  $260  billion  TAM.  Only  34  billion  has  been  outsourced.  We  are  under 
 a  $400  million  company  today.  So  look  at  the  growth  opportunity  and  the  opportunity  for 
 multiple  players  to  exist,  which  is  why  as  you  can  see  there  is  so  much  investment  going  in 
 this space. And what are we doing in the middle of all that? 

===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 We  are  trying  to  continue  to  drive  industry-leading  growth  in  a  capital-efficient  manner,  not 
 overleveraging  our  balance  sheet  at  all,  and  do  deals  that  are  fundamentally  differentiated 
 because  we're  doing  more  and  more  full  platform  deals.  I  think  welcome  Anthropic  and 
 Palantir to bring more and more technology to benefit us. 
 Moderator:  Thank  you.  We  take  the  next  question  from  the  line  of  Dhrumil  Wani  from  Girik  Capital. 
 Please go ahead. 
 Dhaval  Shah:  Yes,  hi.  Dhaval  Shah  this  side.  Thank  you  for  the  opportunity.  Great  set  of  numbers.  Sir,  my 
 question is -- am I audible? Hello? 
 Sachin Gupta  :  Yes, absolutely. 
 Dhaval Shah:  Hello? 
 Sachin Gupta  :  Yes, Dhaval, you're very audible. 
 Dhaval  Shah:  So,  in  the  --  Yes,  thank  you,  sir.  Sir,  in  the  second  quarter  call,  you  know,  had  discussed  about 
 getting  this  Epic  EHR  system  integration  and  which  was  a  big  milestone  for  IKS.  So  I  was  just 
 going  through  a  couple  of  YouTube  videos  on  Epic  and  all  of  that.  So  can  you  just  help  me 
 understand,  the  difference  between  what  is  this  Epic  product  trying  to  offer  and  what  is  the 
 integration all about and why is it a big milestone? 
 You  also  mentioned  that  there  is  the  other  software  called  NextGen  I  think,  which  the  other 
 providers  are  using,  which  will  take  a  lesser  time  to  integrate.  So  can  you  spend  some  time  on 
 this what is this Epic and what is the integration all about? 
 Sachin  Gupta  :  Yes,  Dhaval  I'll  try,  but  this  is  where  I  start  getting  accused  of  jargon.  So  I'm  going  to  try  and 
 then  we're  happy  to  talk  to  you.  This  is  a  very  important  question  that  deserves  some  real 
 education.  And  if  you  don't  mind,  reaching  out  to  Saransh,  we're  happy  to  spend  a  good  half 
 an hour with you giving you details. 
 But  the  way  to  think  about  it,  Dhaval,  is  that  in  this  space  there  are  two  types  --  there  are  three 
 genres  of  companies  that  are  competing  for  this  $260  billion.  Three  genres  of  companies. 
 Forget  about  the  in-house  incumbents  of  these  organizations,  let's  leave  them  out  for  a  second. 
 The  three  external  genres  of  companies  are  one,  system  of  record  companies,  which  are  the 
 electronic  health  record  vendors  like  Epic,  Cerner,  which  is  now  called  Oracle  Health,  Athena, 
 Allscripts,  NextGen,  eClinicalWorks.  These  are  some  of  the  major  electronic  health  records 
 which  are  called  systems  of  record  because  they  were  basically  created  to  store  longitudinal 
 patient data. 
 Traditionally  over  the  last  20  years  they  were  essentially  systems  of  record.  Now  with  Agentic 
 AI  coming  in,  traditionally  they  were  not  in  the  business  of  eliminating  tasks  for  these 
 healthcare  providers,  in  fact  they  were  creating  more  tasks  because  healthcare  providers  spent 
 a lot of time and energy in managing these system of records. 
 Now  with  Agentic  AI  they  are  starting  to  also  want  to  get  into  the  business  of  eliminating  tasks 
 by  writing  their  own  technology.  What  is  their  advantage?  They  are  already  incumbent  in  the 

===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
 customer,  they  already  have  all  the  data  stored  within  their  systems,  and  you  need  data  to  be 
 able to orchestrate AI effectively in a customer's environment. So that is their advantage. 
 The  second  genre  of  companies  is  what  I  call  point  solution  systems  of  action,  which  are 
 companies  that  just  do  clinical  documentation,  ambient  AI  companies  like  an  Abridge  or  a 
 DAX  which  is  owned  by  Microsoft  or  Ambience.  You've  heard  all  these  names,  or  companies 
 that  just  do  prior  auth  or  companies  that  just  do  patient  access,  which  are  individual 
 one-two-three  tasks  within  our  overall  platform.  I  call  them  point  solution  systems  of  action. 
 Their idea was to eliminate actions that are unnecessary from the provider's environment. 
 And  the  third  is  what  I  call  platform  systems  of  action,  which  are  companies  like  us  that  have 
 said  point  solutions  are  not  the  answer.  System  of  action  needs  to  be  comprehensive  and  it 
 needs  to  eliminate  all  the  redundant  all  the  chore  tasks.  And  so  these  three  companies  are 
 fighting with each other for this $260 billion. 
 The  systems  of  record,  the  Epics  of  the  world  have  an  incumbent  advantage  because  they're 
 sitting  in  the  customer's  organization  with  data.  We  have  an  advantage  because  we're  sitting  in 
 150,000  providers,  already  incumbent  we  understand  their  workflows  in  detail  like  nobody 
 else  in  the  new  world  understands  them.  Now  how  those  dynamics  will  play  out  Dhaval  over  a 
 period  of  time,  only  time  will  tell,  but  my  belief  is  there  is  enough  market  space  for  all  three  of 
 these genres to succeed. I will make one distinction. 
 I  personally  believe  in  the  medium  to  long  term  as  valuations  etc.  rationalize,  there  might  be 
 some  coming  together  of  system  of  record  companies  with  system  of  action  companies.  If  that 
 coming  together  starts  to  happen,  that  might  create  the  true  800-pound  gorilla  in  this  space. 
 And  so  we  are  watching  very  carefully  what's  happening  to  these  system  of  record  companies, 
 we are keeping our balance sheet healthy and strong. 
 If  some  opportunities  emerge  we  will  look  to  that.  Until  then,  even  though  they  are 
 pseudo-competitors  to  us,  we  have  to  integrate  with  them  because  the  data  is  coming  from 
 them,  which  is  why  integrating  with  Epic  is  a  big  deal,  and  the  regulators  even  though  they 
 realize  that  the  system  of  action  and  system  of  record  are  competitors  are  forcing  the  system  of 
 records  to  integrate  with  the  systems  of  action  because  they  realize  that  they  can't  take  --  these 
 systems of record can't take unfair advantage of their incumbency. 
 So  they  still  keep  trying  to  take  unfair  advantage,  some  play  better  ball  with  others  and  over  a 
 period  of  time,  slowly  but  surely  we  are  integrating  with  all  of  these.  So  hopefully  this  gives 
 you  context.  Happy  to  talk  to  you  offline  about  this.  This  is  a  very  important  dynamic  in  our 
 business. 
 Nithya  Balasubramanian:  Just  to  add  I  think  with  respect  to  Epic  we're  very  happy  that  several  of  our  proprietary 
 technology  products  are  now  fully  integrated  into  Epic.  So  if  you  look  at  Epic  showroom, 
 you'll  actually  find  our  Scribble  product,  our  Stacks  product  and  even  our  coding  suite  is  now 
 available  on  Epic.  So  what  that  means  we're  able  to  automatically  integrate  our  product  into 
 Epic,  we're  able  to  read  and  write  from  Epic  and  our  products  are  able  to  work  therefore  in 
 tandem with Epic. 
 Dhaval  Shah:  Got  it.  And  my  second  question  is  in  interest  of  time.  The  amount  of  cash  which  we  are  going 

===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
 to  generate  after  we  pay  off  the  debt  on  the  balance  sheet.  So,  of  course  it'll  be  going  towards 
 your  own  business  plus  some  inorganic.  So  now  the  three  segments  which  you  just  mentioned. 
 So  we  will  be  looking  for  opportunity  in  all  three  of  that  or  which  segment  will  be  interest  to 
 us  at  our  size  and  the  stage  at  which  we  are  in  the  business  cycle?  Can  you  just  throw  some 
 light on that as well? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  I  think  if  there  are  some  significant  leaders  in  the  point  solution  system  of  action  in  the  health 
 system  market,  those  will  be  attractive,  and  then  absolutely  a  system  of  record  leaders  in  any 
 of  the  segments  of  the  market  will  be  attractive.  But,  like,  I  said  the  market  has  such  hype  on 
 valuations  right  now  and  we  are  generally  pretty  conservative,  so  we're  going  to  be  careful 
 about it, but we'll absolutely keep our eyes and ears open. 
 Dhaval  Shah:  Got  it.  And  to  Nithya,  what  about  the  dividend  policy?  Are  weplanning  to  have  anything  with 
 this? 
 Nithya Balasubramanian:  I think like Sachin pointed out there are a lot of, I'm sorry are you able to still hear me? Hello? 
 Dhaval Shah:  Yes, yes, very much. Yes, I can hear  you. Hello? 
 Nithya  Balasubramanian:  Yes,  so  we  still  have  multiple  opportunities  to  continue  to  grow  our  business  as  well  as  look  at 
 acquisition  opportunities  which  will  be  complementary  to  our  business.  And  of  course  what 
 the  $50  million  of  debt  that  we  still  have,  is  of  course  something  that  we  want  to  pay  that 
 down pretty quickly. So those would be priorities in the near term. 
 Dhaval Shah:  Got it. Okay, thank you very much. Good  luck. 
 Moderator:  We  take  the  next  question  from  the  line  of  Abhishek  Maheshwari  from  SkyRidge  Fund 
 Managers. Please go ahead. 
 Abhishek  Maheshwari:  Thank  you  for  taking  my  question.  Just  two  questions.  First  is  regarding  to  what  extent  do  we 
 hedge  our  forex  earnings?  Because  everything  we  earn  is  in  dollars.  So  is  it  100%  hedging  or  a 
 little less than that? 
 Nithya Balasubramanian:  It's 50% to 60% of our net  forex exposure, that's what we hedge. 
 Abhishek  Maheshwari:  And  second  question  is  regarding  60%  of  the  net  forex  exposure  over  the  following  12  months. 
 Understood,  all  right.  So  second  question  is  regarding  I  know  you  have  already  touched  on  it, 
 but  you've  been  growing  very  well  the  last  few  years.  Any  concerns  with  respect  to  the  base 
 effect?  Because  I  mean  after  a  point  it  does  become  difficult  to  grow  at  40%-30%  levels.  So 
 where are we in the cycle right now? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  Yes,  look,  I  mean,  I  think  as  I've  said  I  think  the  market  opportunity  is  large  and  our  simple 
 thinking  is  if  we  grow  faster  than  12%,  we're  gaining  market  share.  If  we  grow  slower  than 
 12%,  we're  losing  market  share.  So  far  we've  been  fortunate  enough  that  we  are  able  to  drive 
 that  industry-leading  growth  and  we  believe  that  we  have  the  wheels  in  motion  to  continue  to 
 try to do that 
 But  again  I  will  warn  us  everybody  that,  nothing  is  linear  in  life,  but  I  think  our  base  is  still 

===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
 small  enough  relative  to  the  size  of  the  market  where  growing  faster  than  market  is  the 
 headline.  To  me,  that's  the  true  definition  of  success  and  the  market,  the  outsourced  TAM  is 
 growing at 12%. So that's sort of how I think about it even from the current bridge. 
 Abhishek  Maheshwari:  So  this  year,  this  remark  is  based  on  the  current  environment,  not  the  potential  acquisitions  you 
 can make in the future right? 
 Sachin Gupta:  Yes, that's right. 
 Abhishek Maheshwari:  All right. All right, thank you  so much. 
 Moderator:  We  take  the  next  question  from  the  line  of  Jaiprakash  Kumhar  from  Korman  Capital.  Please  go 
 ahead. 
 Jaiprakash  Kumhar:  Yes,  Sachin  my  question  is  on  this  platform  you  talked  about  Claude  and  Palantir  and  all  that. 
 So  right  now  maybe  they  are  kind  of  a  subsidized  low  cost.  Given  that  you  use  this 
 comprehensively,  how  let's  say  if  they  increase  the  cost,  how  will  it  impact  your  cost  base?  Or 
 is  it  just  I  understand,  maybe  it's  insignificant  right  now,  but  maybe  in  future  how  significant  it 
 is in terms of usage and the cost? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  So  look,  I  mean,  in  the  end  there  are  two  types  of  external  technologies  that  we're  using.  We're 
 using  systems  of  compute,  right,  and  we're  using  systems  of  logic.  So  these  things  like  Claude, 
 I  would  call  them  systems  of  logic.  I  expect  costs  to  fluctuate  both  in  systems  of  compute  and 
 systems  of  logic,  and  hence  we  continue  to  say  that,  our  R&D  costs  are  likely  to  continue  to 
 inch up not down even as we continue to try and improve gross margins. 
 And  hence,  our  thought  process  that  please  don't  continue  to  model  constant  margin  increases 
 from  these  levels.  So  you  should  expect  costs  to  perhaps  increase  over  a  period  of  time,  but 
 eventually  as  you  know  very  well  as  technologies  become  more  and  more  mainstream 
 adoption  increases,  costs  come  down  over  a  period  of  time.  So  it's  going  to  be  volatile  and  that 
 should be reflected in our R&D costs and we're anticipating that in our R&D cost. 
 Jaiprakash Kumhar:  Thank you. 
 Moderator:  We take the next question from the line  of Karan Shah from CWC Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 Karan  Shah:  Hi  Sachin,  good  morning.  I  had  a  question  .  You  have  several  qualitative  factors  that  help  us 
 understand  as  investors  the  medium-to-long-term  growth  drivers,  the  trajectory,  and  the 
 opportunity that stands out in front of you. 
 But  quantitatively,  what  would  be  those  granular  metrics  that  you  and  your  team  hold  yourself 
 accountable  to  on  a  medium-to-long-term  basis,  apart  from  growing  over  and  above  your 
 TAM rate? 
 Sachin  Gupta:  So  you  see,  thank  you  for  the  question.  I  mean  there  are  a  whole  bunch  of  metrics  that  we're 
 holding  ourselves  accountable  to  internally  that  are  driven  by  market  segment.  So  there  are 
 metrics  by  market  segment  and  there  are  metrics  by  feature  and  feature  cluster.  So  think  about 
 a  metric  like  penetration  of  each  feature  in  the  customer's  wallet,  then  penetration  of  number 

===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
 of features in a large enterprise customer. 
 So  you  know,  I  mean  there  are  so  many  metrics  by  market  segment  and  by  feature  and  feature 
 cluster  that  it  would  be  hard  to  call  those  out  on  a  call  like  this.  You  know,  but  again  happy  to 
 discuss  more  of  that  offline.  But  obviously  as  you  can  imagine  when  you  have  such  a  large 
 such a full breadth of the platform 
 And  you're  trying  to  execute  full  platform  deals  and  you're  trying  to  execute  individual  point 
 solution  deals  in  certain  segments  of  the  market,  the  metrics  differ  by  market  segment  and  by 
 feature  cluster.  And  so  I'm  sorry,  hard  for  me  to  sort  of  just  enunciate  them  on  this  call,  but  just 
 know that there are and those are the metrics just around revenue. 
 Then  there  are  metrics  around  margin,  then  there  are  metrics  around  automation  like  I 
 discussed,  how  much  is  the  human-led  tech  in  the  loop,  when  does  it  go  from  human-led  tech 
 in  the  loop  to  tech-led  human  in  the  loop  where  humans  become  auditor  of  task  versus  doer  of 
 task  and  then  which  features  will  get  to  autonomy  when.  What  happens  to  the  gross  margin 
 journey  as  the  features  go  from  human-led  tech  in  the  loop  to  tech-led  human  in  the  loop  to 
 full autonomy. 
 So  there's  metrics  around  margin.  Operating  cash  flows  is  one  of  the  biggest  metrics  around 
 which  the  whole  leadership  team  is  aligned.  So  again,  sorry  but  you  know  we  have  to  actually 
 head  on  out  for  a  media  interaction,  but  happy  to  talk  to  you  more  offline  and  give  you  more 
 color on internal metrics. 
 Moderator:  Ladies  and  gentlemen,  due  to  paucity  of  time,  we  take  that  as  the  last  question.  Further 
 questions  can  be  taken  up  with  the  IR  team.  I  now  hand  the  conference  over  to  Mr.  Saransh 
 Mundra for his closing comments. 
 Saransh  Mundra:  Thank  you,  thank  you  everyone  for  joining  and  asking  all  the  questions.  This  was  really 
 interactive  session.  I  know  we  were  not  able  to  take  some  questions,  please  feel  free  to  reach 
 out to me for any of those questions. 
 Sachin Gupta:  Thank you again everyone. Look forward to your continued support. Bye bye. Thank you. 
 Moderator:  Thank  you.  On  behalf  of  ICICI  Securities  Limited,  that  concludes  this  conference  call.  Thank 
 you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 Please note that this transcript has been edited for readability. 
