===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
Sagility Limited 
(Formerly Sagility India Limited, earlier Sagility India Private Limited) 
Registered Office - No. 23 & 24, AMR Tech Park, Building 2A, First Floor Hongasandara Village, Off Hosur 
 Road, Bommanahalli, Bengaluru – 560068, Karnataka, India 
Corporate Identification Number: L72900KA2021PLC150054 
Tel. No.: 080-71251500, E-mail: investorservices@sagility.com,  Website: www.sagility.com 
 
Date: May 15, 2026 
 
To,  
 
The Manager       The Manager 
Listing Department      Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)  BSE Limited (BSE) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor     Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block      Dalal Street 
Bandra-Kurla Complex      Mumbai - 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051    Scrip Code:544282 
Symbol: SAGILITY 
 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors Call held on May 12, 2026 
 
This is in continuation of the Investors/Analyst Webinar conducted on May 12, 2026, to discuss the 
audited financial results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we hereby attach the transcript of the aforementioned webinar. 
 
This information is also available on the Company’s website https://sagility.com/  
   
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Sagility Limited 
 
 
  
Satishkumar Sakharayapattana Seetharamaiah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A16008 
 
Encl:a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
Sagility Ltd. 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Webinar 
Wednesday, 12th May, 2026 at 7:30 PM  
 
 
  
MANAGEMENT • Ramesh Gopalan - Managing Director & Group CEO 
• Srinivas Mattapalli - Executive Vice President and Group 
Chief Financial Officer 
MODERATOR • Siddharth Rangnekar - CDR India 
QUESTIONERS • Santhosh Balan – Individual Investor 
• Rohit Thorat – Axis Capital 
• Baidik Sarkar – Unifi Capital 
• Rishi Jhunjhunwala – IIFL Capital 
• Vamshi Krishna – Kotak Securities 
• Chirag Kachhadiya – Motilal Oswal 
• Bhavik Mehta – JP Morgan 
• Siddharth Vora – HSBC Mutual Fund 
• Sameer Pardikar – Elara Capital 
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 
Page | 2  
Siddharth Rangnekar: Good evening, everyone, welcome to the Q4 FY 2026 earnings webinar of Sagility 
Limited. This is Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India, I shall be your host for today. 
As a reminder, all attendee lines will be in the listen -only mode. There shall be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note 
that this webinar is being recorded. 
 To introduce the management we have with us today Mr. Ramesh Gopalan, 
Managing Director and Group CEO; Mr. Srinivas Mattapalli, Executive Vice 
President and Group Chief Financial Officer. 
 Before we commence, I would like to state that some statements made on today's 
discussion could be forward -looking in nature and may involve certain 
uncertainties and risks. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the Q4 
and FY '26 results presentation that has been uploaded to the stock exchanges. 
 I would now like to hand over the forum to Mr. Ramesh Gopalan to begin the 
proceedings of this webinar. Over to you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Thank you, Siddharth. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our Q4 
and FY '26 earnings call. FY '26 has been an exceptional year for Sagility. We 
delivered high growth and profitability in a very challenging environment. As we 
discussed with all of you on the Investor Day in March, healthcare payers are facing 
significant profitability pressures because of regulatory changes, lower than 
expected reimbursements and increasing medical utilisation. In this environment 
of intense cost pressures, clients are more receptive to partners like Sagility, who 
not just play a support role, but can help transform their operations and deliver 
better business outcomes at a lower cost. 
 Given our domain expertise, the breadth of our service portfolio and the trusted 
relationship we have with our clients, we are able to play a large part in the 
transformation journey through AI and tech -led initiatives. We saw steady growth 
through the yea r and a better than expected Q3 and Q4, which are the peak 
seasons for us on account of AEP and open enrolment. 
 We saw higher volumes across all of our practice areas. And equally important, our 
execution was very strong. To put the impact of AEP and open enrolment in context, 
our seasonal revenues accounted for 6% of FY '26 revenues versus 3% in FY '25, 
with an equ al split across Q3 and Q4. Our strategy of expanding white spaces 
within existing accounts continues to serve us well. Our Top 5 grew year-over-year 
by 11.7% in FY '26. Our focus on mid and small market is also beginning to show 
results. We added 17 new c lients in FY '26 and some of them are sizable regional 
plans and blues, which sets us up well for growth in the coming years. 
 As we mentioned on the Investor Day, our Synchrony suite of solutions which are 
outcome-focused and transformational managed service deals are getting the 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 
Page | 3  
attention of many of our clients and prospects. The addition of BroadPath has 
further strengthened our ability to support seasonal and member -facing 
operations, particularly during peak enrolment cycles. 
 Overall, this reinforces our position as a healthcare -focused operations partner 
that combines domain expertise, technology and execution at scale. Let me now 
build on that with our performance for the quarter and for the year. We can move 
to the next slides.  
 Q4 marked a strong and disciplined close to FY '26, building on the momentum we 
saw through the year. For the quarter, revenue stood at ₹20,243 million, or $222.1 
million, representing 29.1% year -on-year growth in rupee terms and 22.2% in 
constant currency. Our organic year -on-year growth, excluding BroadPath, was 
also strong at 25.8% in rupee terms and 19 .4% in constant currency terms, 
reflecting sustained demand across our payer and provider operations and 
continued expansion with existing clients. On pr ofitability, Q4 adjusted EBITDA 
was ₹5,036 million, or $55.2 million with margins of 24.9%. Adjusted PAT for Q4 
came at ₹3,069 million, or $33.6 million at margins of 15.2%. Now looking at the 
full-year. 
 The full-year revenues were ₹71,929 million, or $814 million, up 29.1% year -over-
year in INR terms, and 23.6% in constant currency. Organic growth, excluding 
BroadPath, was 20.1% in INR terms and 15% in constant currency. For the full -
year, adjusted EBITDA  stood at ₹18,200 million or $206 million, translating to a 
25.3% margin and exceeding the guidance provided at the end of Q3, underscoring 
our ability to scale while sustaining resilient margins. The expected 110 bps margin 
decline versus FY '25 primaril y reflects the full -year impact of the BroadPath 
acquisition. 
 Adjusted PAT rose to ₹11,306 million, or $127.9 million, up 39.5% year -on-year 
with a 15.7% margin. Adjusted PAT margin expanded by 110 bps versus FY '25, 
driven by strong EBITDA performance, higher Forex gains, and lower finance costs. 
Commercially, Q4 wa s another very strong quarter. We signed $30.7 million of 
potential steady state ACV supported by expansions and new SOWs across 18 
existing clients and two clients added in Q4. 
 I'd also like to highlight the strong external validation we received during the 
quarter, with multiple leader recognitions from NelsonHall, Everest Group, and 
ISG, and the Augmented Intelligence Award for SmarTec Nurse Assist, which 
collectively reinforce a differentiated position in intelligent healthcare operations. 
 I'm also happy to announce that the board has recommended a final dividend of 
₹0.1 or ₹0.10 paise per share, subject to approval of shareholders. Next slide, 
please.  
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 
Page | 4  
 In FY '26, payers contributed 89.7% of revenues, while providers contributed 
10.3%. The reduction in provider share reflects impact of the acquisition of 
BroadPath, which had a predominantly payer-focused revenue mix. 
 Employee strength stood at 46,860 as of the end of Q4, driven by headcount 
reduction post-OE season. The slight uptick in attrition in FY '26 is attributed to 
higher seasonality compared to the previous year. If you move to the next slide.  
 So this slide summarises all of the annual KPIs that we report every year. The 
notable point here is our top three concentration has fallen below 60%.  And the 
other key point is the number of clients contributing to over 20 million, as you can 
see has grown to nine, which was four in FY '23, so more than doubled since FY '23.  
 If you move to the next slide. Let me, like always give you some of the recent market 
trends. CMS finalised the Medicare Advantage rate increases. As if you remember, 
the same time when we announced the Q3 results, they had announced a 
preliminary almost flat rate for CY '27. But now that stands increased to 2.48%. So 
this gives a slightly more favourable environment for Medicare Advantage plans. 
But having said that, they are still under tremendous cost pressures because of 
increased medical utilisation. So what it means for Sagility is proposals that focus 
on cost takeout in administrative functions and also helping improve star ratings 
are looked upon very favourably by our MA plan clients.  
 The second thing is the House bill to extend or enhance the ACA subsidies. So this 
was another thing we spoke about in the previous quarters. But with this bill, 
assuming it passes both Houses, it gives a more stable market or stable premium 
for membership in the ACA marketplace and keeps the market at a steady level 
getting into FY '27. However, as we've mentioned to you before, our exposure to the 
ACA market is limited, but it still underscores the importance of cost takeout and 
AI-led initiatives in the ACA segment. 
 The next one is on State Medicaid expansion. As you know, the Medicaid segment 
has been impacted by the Big Beautiful Bill as well. Some of the incentives for 
expansion at the state level has been eliminated. So , there is likely to be a 
moderation in the Medicaid growth. Again, this is a segment that we've said, we 
have very low exposure to. But once again, this is another pressure from a 
membership and cost point of view, which means some of these plans also have  
tremendous pressures to take out cost in their functions.  
 Lastly, CMS launched what's called ACCESS Model, which is advancing chronic 
care with effective, scalable solutions.  What this means is, CMS wants to 
incentivise outcome-based chronic care management with tech -enabled care as 
central to the model. While this is specifically targeted at Original Medicare, it 
closely aligns with what we've been trying to help Medicare Advantage plans with, 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 
Page | 5  
which is to use technology to do risk stratification and enable care, as well as tech-
enabled member support, and member engagement activities. 
 Moving on to the next slide. This quarter, we also launched a brand evolution. This 
is not just a cosmetic change. It's a reflection of how we are going to market as a 
healthcare-first tech and AI -led operations partner on outcomes. The brand 
promise is Sa gility delivers value in healthcare operations with deep domain 
expertise, technology and AI-led transformation, and trusted collaboration. 
 So this promise defines how Sagility shows up for client in an era where healthcare 
operations must fundamentally transform. It rests on three core attributes:  
 Deep domain expertise. We are a dedicated specialist in U.S. healthcare 
operations with more than 26 years of accumulated knowledge across end-to-end 
medical, pharmacy, and dental business segments, combining the depth of a 
niche expert with the breadth of a global enterprise. 
 The second pillar is tech and AI-led transformation. This is technology deployed to 
solve specific healthcare problems with compliance and clinical safety as non -
negotiable guardrails. Healthcare AI must be explainable, must be auditable, and 
must be regulator-ready.  
 The third and the most important pillar, which is trusted collaboration, which is 
where Sagility works side by side with clients, building transparency and shared 
accountability into every engagement. 
 The company's emphasis on we listen, we acted, we delivered captures a 
discipline of incorporating client feedback directly into operational improvements. 
This promise defines how Sagility delivers value. To scale it across markets, 
buyers, and deal cycles, it must be consistently experienced, not just articulated. 
 Moving on to the next slide. We recently had our client summit. We do this every 
year, and we had over 80 client attendees. The key takeaway from this event is the 
level of engagement and partnership we are seeing with our clients. We brought 
together seni or client leaders to collaborate on three industry challenges, 
including medical cost pressures, member experience, and the use of AI in 
operations. Through this process, we worked with clients to co-develop solutions, 
and we are now moving into early pilots on selected initiatives. 
 This reinforces our approach of not just building solutions independently, but 
building them in partnership with our clients. With that, I'll hand it over to MR to 
walk us through the financials and then I'll come back for closing comments. Over 
to you, MR. 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 
Page | 6  
Srinivas Mattapalli: Thank you, Ramesh. Good evening, everyone. I have recently joined Sagility as a 
Group CFO, and I must say that I'm truly excited to be here at a time when the 
company is delivering such strong results.  
 Next slide. I'm pleased to present an overview of Sagility's financial results for the 
fourth quarter and the fiscal year 2026.  
 In quarter four, Sagility delivered strong revenue growth and solid profitability. This 
performance is supported by consistent underlying revenue momentum. For the 
full-year FY '26, performance came in ahead of the guidance we had shared during 
our last ea rnings call, driven by strong operating execution, disciplined cost 
management, and a better -than-expected open enrolment season. I'll move to 
cash flow, as Ramesh has already given you a view of revenue, adjusted EBITDA, 
and adjusted PAT. 
 Our operating cash flow conversion for the quarter was healthy at 104.6%, driven 
primarily by an improvement in working capital and lower tax outflow in this quarter 
as compared to quarter three. At quarter -end, our DSOs stood at 87 days, 
comprising of 54 days of trade receivables and 33 days of unbilled revenue. While 
this is slightly higher than the 86 days reported in quarter three, the increase is 
primarily due to an accounting reclassification, moving from unbilled to financial 
liabilities. This had a n impact of approximately 4 days. But importantly, this 
reclassification had no impact on working capital. 
 On this slide, I'll highlight the seasonality in our business with a stronger second 
half. As you would notice, our revenue sharply increases in Q3 over Q2 and remains 
steady in Q4. 
 This increase in Q 3 and Q 4 is largely on account of additional seasonal revenues 
from open enrolment and AEP. As highlighted by Ramesh earlier, we had around 
₹50 million of recurring seasonal revenues in H2. You'll also notice that our head 
count has come down in this quarter as our  open enrolment season concludes. 
The adjusted EBITDA for quarter four was 24.9%. In this quarter, we recorded a 
one-time employee bonus as part of our transition in our salary hike cycle from a 
calendar year basis to a financ ial year basis. This one -time item impacted the 
adjusted EBITDA by approximately 1.7% in Q4. 
 This slide highlights our robust growth trajectory and our steady margin profile. Our 
3-year CAGR on revenue is 16.2% in constant currency terms. Adjusted EBITDA 
grew by about 17.7%, and adjusted PAT expanded at a significantly faster pace of 
31.7% over the last 3 years. These growth rates are in dollar terms and includes the 
impact of acquisitions. This strong bottom line outperformance was driven by 
three key pillars: operational efficiencies, reducing finance costs, and higher other 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 
Page | 7  
income, including forex. Overall this reflects our ability to consistently scale 
revenues while sustaining margins. 
 Moving to other financial indicators. Our adjusted EPS continues to grow faster 
than revenues, and our adjusted ROCE continues to be steady at greater than 50%. 
Cash conversion in FY '26 is lower compared to previous year, and this is a result 
of higher tax outflow, lower non-cash expenses, and higher non-cash income. 
 And let me explain the few major factors here. In FY '25, we had received tax 
refunds in India for previous periods, which reduced the overall tax outflow for FY 
'25. Secondly, we also had a large SAR expense, which is non -cash in nature. And 
in FY '26, we  also had higher unrealised Forex gains under our reported EBITDA. 
Finally, on debt, we are on track to repay our current debt completely by end of FY 
'27. 
 This slide is a little busy, but we'll give you an overview of our quarter's performance 
compared to Q3 and Q4 of previous year. And you also have the full-year numbers 
compared to previous year. We will just keep this on for a few seconds for you to 
observe the numbers. We can move on to the next slide. 
 On this slide, we present the adjustments to EBITDA. Our adjustments on EBITDA 
include adjustment made for M&A earn -out, stock appreciation rights, and other 
income and Forex gains. While our adjustments on adjusted PAT includes the 
adjustments made for EB ITDA, as well as adjustment made towards intangible 
amortisation and exceptional items that we have booked in previous quarter for 
one-time impact coming out of the new labour code. 
 Going forward, this is a view of our debt repayment plan and earnouts and 
intangible amortisation. We give this every quarter. The changes that you see for 
FY '27 is mainly on account of foreign exchanges. 
 Next slide on balance sheet. Our balance sheet continues to be very healthy, and 
at the end of Q4, our cash position is ₹9,038 million, which enables us to continue 
to invest in AI capabilities and domain. Also continue to explore inorganic 
opportunities. 
 On cash flow, we have already talked on a little bit on one -off items earlier in my 
presentation. And going forward, I think we are very confident of sustaining these 
healthy cash flows. 
 With that, I conclude my presentation. Handing it back to Ramesh for his closing 
remarks. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Thanks, MR. As the numbers have shown, our FY '26 performance was exceptional. 
Like I said, the industry continues to evolve with costs and regulatory pressures, 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 
Page | 8  
and clients are looking to partners who can collaborate with them on their AI and 
tech-led transformation journey, not just as advisors or implementers of 
technology, but someone who can take accountability for business outcomes. 
 Our domain expertise, our investment in tech and AI, and our deep client 
relationships make us the right partner for our clients. We are carrying the 
momentum of a great FY '26 into FY '27. While deal timings may be a little 
unpredictable, we are confident  of growing in the low double -digits in constant 
currency for FY '27. Our guidance for adjusted EBITDA margin is between 24% and 
25%. And if the FX stays in the current ranges, it's more likely to track towards the 
upper end of this range. 
 With that, happy to take questions and hand it over back to Siddharth. 
Question-and-Answer Session 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. Participants who wish to ask questions, kindly click the raise hand icon 
at the bottom centre of your screen. We will wait for the questions to assemble. I 
repeat, participants who wish to ask a question are requested to click the raise 
hand icon at the bottom centre of your screen. We take the first question from the 
line of Santhosh Balan. 
Santhosh Balan: Yeah. Congratulations for the good set of number. I just want to know, will there be 
any impact due to the AI in the future revenue? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. So we discussed a lot about AI and its impact on the Investor Day, right? So 
the broad answer to your question is, yes. AI, we believe AI is something that's 
going to generate a lot of efficiency for our clients. Efficiency in the sense of 
increased productivity, lowering costs both on their administrative functions, and 
also helping improve member and provider experience. So while the productivity 
gains will reduce some part of our revenues, we believe that AI will also help us 
gain m ore market share as we look to implementing AI as part of our overall 
transformation of our client operations and take accountability for business 
outcomes. So that's broadly our position on AI. 
 As we said, we've grown at 15% in constant currency organically and we still 
believe that we can continue to grow in double-digits. 
Santhosh Balan: How far we have adapted to this AI in our company organisation? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. We've discussed that in the previous quarters. We've invested heavily in tech 
and AI. There are a number of use cases that we've piloted. We are working with 
several clients on some of these initiatives. But yes, we have implemented a 
number of use cases in various parts of healthcare operations. Thank you. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 
Page | 9  
Santhosh Balan: Okay. Thank you. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rohit Thorat from Axis  
Capital. Rohit, your line has been unmuted. 
Rohit Thorat: Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. My first question is regarding capital allocation policy. You have 
mentioned that you plan to extinguish the debt by end of FY '27. You have also 
increased the cash and cash equivalents on your balance sheet by a significant 
amount at the end of FY '26 versus at the end of FY '25. Are there any plans to 
increase dividend payments in FY '27, or payout would remain in the same range 
as of now? 
Ramesh Gopalan: So let me answer the question and MR can add to that. That's a good question, 
right? So the debt repayment is something that we had even previously spoken 
about. And we plan to repay whatever is left in the debt in FY '27. So that's one 
outflow. Second is, we want to keep some funds for M&A activities. As we've said 
in the past, we are constantly looking for opportunities that will help improve our 
capabilities, both on the technology and transformational side, as well as give us 
access to m ore clients. So any such opportunities that are out there, we want to 
take advantage of that opportunity and we want to keep some funds for our M&A. 
 Beyond that, yes, as we will look at the dividend going forward and though there's 
no firm commitment at this point in time, we'll take a look at what can be provided 
in the form of dividends. 
Rohit Thorat: Okay. And on the M&A side, are you looking at acquisitions to strengthen your 
provider business or you would also look for any potential acquisition in payer 
segment as well if they help you expand your presence further among mid-market 
clients? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yes. 
Rohit Thorat: Like, what would be the priority? 
Ramesh Gopalan: See we are looking at acquisitions on both payers and providers, right? So 
obviously there are  a number of things we look at before deciding if a candidate is 
the right one for us. At this point in time, I mean, we've discussed in the past the 
areas that we focus on both in payers and providers. So anything that can give us a 
deeper domain differentiation in any of those areas or anything that can give us a 
technology capability in those practice areas are the acquisitions that we are 
looking at. So that's from a capability point of view. 
 Secondly, any something like a BroadPath which gives us access to a large set of 
clients is another kind of acquisition that we would be interested in. So those are 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 
Page | 10  
the two broad types of acquisitions we'll do. But we look for those kinds of 
acquisitions both in the payer and the provider sets. 
Rohit Thorat: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for answering my questions. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. Before we move to the next participant, we would request interested 
participants to kindly raise their questions by clicking on the raise hand icon at the 
bottom centre of your screen. We take the next question from the line of Baidik 
Sarkar from Unifi Capital. Baidik, your line has been unmuted. You may speak. 
Baidik Sarkar: Ramesh, hi, good evening, and congrats on a fantastic year of execution overall. 
My wishes to you and the entire team. Couple of questions. We make note of the 
Q4 ACV number that you shared with us, but could you help us with the cumulative 
ACV number also  that you're sitting with at the end of the year? I'm given to 
understand that a significant part of your book that runs on an ARR basis, right? I 
mean, there's an annuity -like component built into that. So if you could just help 
us cull out what that number is looking at. And that multiplied into the pricing hike 
that you guys just talked about, what does it set us up for a base case revenue 
growth for FY '27? This is without considering fresh organic opportunities that'll 
open up for the re st of the year. So if you could just help me with that part of the 
math, please. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. So Baidik, nice to hear from you. Good question, right. So the math isn't as 
simple as just adding up the ACVs. But to answer that question, if you go back, 
we've reported ACV wins in each of the quarters, roughly in similar ranges in the 
30s, right? So if you add them all up, it'll probably add to somewhere around $130 
odd million. So these are ACVs, potential ACVs of the deals that we've closed, both 
with existing and new clients. Obviously, the timing of revenue generation of those 
deals will vary. So one is the ramp cycles that some of those deals go through. So 
the initial months of revenue may be different from the steady state ACV values 
that we quote. 
 And secondly, also, the part of the ACV would have been realised in FY '26 itself. 
So the incremental revenues in FY '27 is over and above what has already been 
registered in FY '26. And the rest of the revenues have to come from pipeline that 
gets convert ed in the first few quarters of FY '27. So it's that. So all of that is 
cumulative additions. To that, we'll have to also factor in any volume adjustments, 
right. Volumes in existing books of businesses could grow, could reduce 
depending on membership changes and other changes that are happening. 
 Then there are other kinds of revenue reductions that we've spoken about, AI and 
automation related reductions that we've spoken about in the past. Then there's 
the geographic mix. If the same part of work moves from a higher revenue 
geography to a lower revenue geography, there is a reduction in revenue. So, all of 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 
Page | 11  
this math has to add up to the final revenues that we kind of guide for FY '27. Does 
that make sense? 
Baidik Sarkar: Yeah, no, I obviously understand the qualitative aspect of it, Ramesh. If you could 
just slice it by just one factor, right? For instance, the $814 that we've reported this 
year in USD. What's the annuity component of that? A, there is one annuity 
component. Secondly, of the $120 million that we won in ACVs, obviously  we've 
delivered a lot of that in '26 itself. So I'm just trying to understand that, what's the 
basic run rate without organic accretion in ‘27? I mean, in other words, I could just 
ask you know, what your guidance for '27 is, which I eventually will, but I'm just 
trying to understand what the base has already prepared us for. And I mean, on top 
of that, I mean, that was my next question. On top of that, what does the pipeline 
look like? So I leave it to you, Ramesh, whichever you want to answer. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. Look, the $814 million, there is a steady state component and there is a 
seasonal component, right? Like we said, about 6% of our revenues were 
seasonal. And those seasonal components will reoccur in FY '27 as well, right? 
That's one way of to split it. If I were to simplify your overall question and if you ask 
me, what is it that is locked going into FY '27, I mean, at least look there are always 
surprises in terms of volumes. So I can't say with certainty what it is. 
 But typically when we give a guidance about, I would say, I mean if I were to hazard 
a guess, about 7% to 8% of growth will already be factored in bas is the previous 
trends. And the rest of the growth has to come during the year. 
Baidik Sarkar: Got it. Which then reminds me with the last part of the question, what's the 
qualitative, I mean sentiment you're witnessing in conversations today in terms of 
how large your bid pipeline is? If you could just give us a sense of, how that's moved 
over the last couple of quarters. What kind of growth rates are you building in just 
from conversations that you're having today? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. Typically, look we've been reporting only on the deal wins, right? But if you 
look at the pipeline, roughly from a TCV perspective, we'll have a pipeline of close 
to ₹570 million to ₹575 million worth of pipeline, right? So these are all proposals 
that we've submitted to clients. Qualitatively, if you look at, if you were to ask me 
on the quality of conversations, we are now, like I said getting into more managed 
service deal kind of conversations in which the timing of the deals could, like I said 
could be a little unpredictable because these are larger conversations. These are 
more transformative conversations where you are committing to cost takeout over 
a number of years. 
 And also expanding the scope of work by including both upstream, downstream 
processes, right. So the discussions take longer time. But given the cost pressures 
that most of our clients are under, there's a lot more interest in engaging in those 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 
Page | 12  
conversations. So, we are very bullish on the kind of conversations we are having, 
except that some of these conversations could take longer than a traditional RFP-
based, effort-based deal. 
Baidik Sarkar: Right. Got it. Last question, Ramesh. I mean, given the industry itself is growing at 
7%, 8% and we're growing double that rate, and of course there's the lever of 
pricing and our own tech initiatives. Would a number closer than, I mean less than 
last year's, but higher than par, which is about 17% to 18% in dollar growth rate be 
a fair assumption for the coming year? 
Ramesh Gopalan: No, my guidance, Baidik was low double-digits, right? I mean, at this point in time, 
we are giving a number that we believe we can definitely meet. And every quarter 
when we do the earnings call, we will kind of guide you if we see an upswing to 
those numbers. 
Baidik Sarkar: Sure. And on the margins, I mean, the FX was a tailwind, but assuming none of that 
comes through in FY '27, 25% is a defendable number? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah, 24% to 25% is what we are guiding. If FX being the way it is, we believe we 
can come closer to the upper end of that range. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Baidik, would request you to rejoin the queue as we have some participant 
questions. 
Baidik Sarkar: Fine, thanks. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Thanks, Baidik. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: We take the next question from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL  Capital. 
Rishi, your line is unmuted. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions from my side. One on 
margins. Just wanted to understand, firstly, did we mention initially there was a 
change in the wage hike quarter and it played out in this quarter, and as a result, 
the margins would have been higher? What will that number be? And secondly, just 
wanted to understand, given that we are ending the year at 25.3 %, we are looking 
at, if we were to assume that the currency remains at current levels, we are looking 
at a lmost 7%, 8% depreciation.  And still we are talking about margins not 
expanding beyond last year. So what are the headwinds and tailwinds to the margin 
assumptions that we are looking for FY '27? 
Ramesh Gopalan: MR, do you want to take that? 
Srinivas Mattapalli: Yeah, sorry. Yeah. One second. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 
Page | 13  
Ramesh Gopalan: So let me give you a high -level view. The hike cycle, I think we've discussed this in 
the past. I don't know whether we officially gave you the impact of that. As you 
know, when we started as Sagility India, our fiscal matched the calendar year. It 
was Jan through December. But when we became a public company, we changed 
the fiscal to April through March. So the last hike cycle was effective Jan 1, 2025. 
 But we didn't do an increment on Jan 1, 2026. We're going to make it effective April 
1, 2026. To overcome those three months, where we effectively didn't give a hike, 
this is the one-time bonus that MR was talking about. That's the one-time call-out 
that he's making. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Sorry and the question on full-year FY '27? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. FY '27, Rishi, that's a good question, right? There are a couple of things. One, 
obviously is, the Forex depreciation, the amount of depreciation is an unknown. 
But the fact that rupee depreciation is key for at least compensating for part of the 
wage increases is a known phenomenon, right? So the hike that we'll give effective 
April 1, a part of that has to be absorbed by any currency depreciation. Secondly, 
the geographic mix is also changing. So we are starting to see more revenues 
delivered from our U.S. geography, which also has an impact on the weighted 
average margin, right? So those are the two big things. 
 And beyond that, any sort of price differences, price reductions and so on will also 
have an impact. The positives are we continue to try and generate efficiency in our 
operations. The more technology we deploy, we try and make sure that we 
compensate for any cost commitments or cost reductions or price reductions that 
we give clients. So that's one factor.  
 Secondly, yes, if the exchange depreciates by more than what we need to 
compensate for hikes and so on, it'll improve our margin. So it's a sum total of all 
those functions. Given where we are today and taking into account the mix and all 
of these factors, we think we will be in the 24% to 25% range. But if things change, 
we will definitely update our guidance. MR, sorry, did you want to add to that? 
Srinivas Mattapalli: No, I echo. I mean, basically, we will get an upside from Forex even at the current 
levels. And if it continues to sustain at these levels, yes, as we said, we'll hit 
somewhere near the top end of our guidance. And as Ramesh also pointed out, this 
Forex d epreciation is what also allows us to compensate our employees with 
higher wages, etc. So that's a lever for us to offset it in addition to the cost 
efficiencies that we generate internally. So yes, I mean, if it sustains, we are 
confident of hitting somewhere near the top end of our guidance. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Fair enough. And just a second question. I see we have created an ESOP pool for 
3.3% of equity. A large chunk of that is performance -based, where the vesting 
period is two years. In your stock compensation schedule, I do not see any material 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 
Page | 14  
change for the next two to three years. So just wanted to understand how would 
this ESOP vesting or granting will play out and how do we see that? Given that a 
large chunk of those will be at face value, how will that hit the P&L over the next 
two, three years? 
Ramesh Gopalan: So we've just announced the scheme and it has to go out for shareholder approval, 
Rishi. So we'll give you a better view into those in the next earnings call. Just to 
correct, the grants will be made every year, and the vesting is over a three -year 
period. Not two years. Post -vesting, the exercise period is two years, but the 
vesting itself is over three years. Yes, as you mentioned, a large part of that will be 
performance-based, both at the company level and the individual level. But the 
exact number of units to be granted in FY '27 and the impact of that on the P&L is 
something that we'll come back to you in the next earnings call. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Understood. All right. Thank you so much. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Rishi. We take the next question from the line of Vamshi Krishna from 
Kotak Securities. Vamshi, your line has been unmuted. 
Vamshi Krishna: Hey. Hi, actually, a really strong quarter, Ramesh. Congrats on that. So just wanted 
to understand on the beat itself, given that there was almost a $7 million beat in a 
single quarter. Were there any one -off engagements which contributed to this or 
something which came up during the quarter? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Sorry, I didn't get that question. MR, did you get that? 
Srinivas Mattapalli: Are you talking about revenue enrichments or cost? 
Vamshi Krishna: Yeah. Yeah, compared to your guidance of 22.5%, you were at around 23.6% (CC). 
Ramesh Gopalan: Oh, okay. Right. 
Vamshi Krishna: Which is almost a $7 million beat. Yeah. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Okay. Yeah. So like we said, we had a better -than-expected Q3 and Q4, right? 
Typically our seasonal revenues are roughly 3% of our annual revenues, but this 
year they were more like 6%. Part of it in Q3 we explained because BroadPath's 
significant peak happens in Q3. Whereas in Q4, we had additional seaso nal 
revenues on the Sagility side, especially on the clinical side of the business, right 
which we had some visibility to getting into Q4, but it was higher than what we had 
anticipated. So that explains the difference between what we gave as guidance and 
what we actually achieved. 
Srinivas Mattapalli: Yeah, just to add on to Ramesh's point, we had guided to about 5.5% of our full -
year revenues as surge revenues. That has moved around 6% of full-year revenues. 
That gave us uplift in quarter four. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 
Page | 15  
Vamshi Krishna: Perfect. Understood that. Second is on your client pyramid itself. Now that you 
have more than doubled your clients in the $20 million bucket, but still I see the 
average client size in the 3 to 10 range, it's around $27 million versus your top three 
clients, which are maybe more than 4x of that number. So incrementally, since you 
have a reasonable set of clients, where you have a minimum threshold of, or say 
maybe you must have proven your expertise. So will your incremental efforts be 
focused more on mining these set of accounts or you will be looking to add more 
accounts? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Vamsi in a way both, right? Our traditional growth continues to come from existing 
clients, right? And as we keep adding newer clients, we may start with a smaller 
deal size, but we have the confidence of continuing to grow those relationships. To 
your point, a lot of these clients in the $5 million to $20 million range, or just over 
$20 million range, are still clients where we see huge opportunity. They may not go 
to the 4x that you're talking about of the top 5, but they definitely many o f them 
have the potential to double or more than double, right? 
 So large part of our effort goes into continuing to mine those relationships and 
trying to grow them faster than the top five, and which has already shown in the 
results, right? Our top five grew at 11.9%, whereas at a company level we grew at 
15%. So some of these non-top five grow much faster than the top five. 
 But equally important is we want to create more breadth in terms of our client 
portfolio. So we'll continue to look for opportunities in the mid and small market 
space. A lot of the transformational solutions that we're talking about today, we 
believe has a lot of applicability in that segment where we can help them take out 
a large part of their costs. 
Vamshi Krishna: Perfect. And my last question is on the Provider segment. The revenues here have 
actually stabilised in an absolute basis over the last four quarters. Can you just 
shed some light as to what's happening in this business and what's the outlook? 
Just on, say , AI impact, will this be relatively higher compared to your payer 
business, or how do you see that? 
Ramesh Gopalan: No. We don't think AI impact will be significantly higher in provider versus payer. I 
mean, it I think, like large part of what we do is on the revenue cycle and I mean, we 
get both effort -based as well as contingency -based pricing on the provider side. 
And so we are in the process of using AI to improve the efficiencies of a large part 
of what we do in the revenue cycle side. So we believe that that business will also 
grow. We'll take it offline, but that business has grown in FY '26 over '25. When you 
said stable, I'm not sure if you implied it didn't grow. It did grow, compared to FY 
'25. But we are looking at larger engagements even on the provider side. So we are 
in conversations, at least on a couple of opportunities where we are committing to 
give clients or prospects a significant cost take out opportun ity if we were to do 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 
Page | 16  
pretty much end -to-end RCM for that. So we are fully confident of continuing to 
grow the provider business as well. 
Vamshi Krishna: Perfect. No, I was just referring to 1Q to 4Q, where it was $20 million to $21 million. 
But nonetheless, point taken. That it has grown on a Y -o-Y basis. Those are my 
questions. Thank you. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from 
Motilal Oswal. Your line has been unmuted, Chirag. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: Yeah. So what was the annual wage hike during the year across different set of 
employees? That is question number one. And second, you mentioned you 
changed the quarter of wage hike, if I hear it properly. Then will this pattern 
continue in FY '27 as well ? And third, what is effective tax rate one can expect for 
FY '27? Yes, these are the three questions I have. 
Ramesh Gopalan: I'll answer the second. MR will answer the first and third. No, once we move into 
the April through March increment cycle, then it'll stabilise. This is a one-time thing 
just for Q4 of FY '26, a catch-up. But starting April, it'll be regular increment cycles 
every April. 
Srinivas Mattapalli: Yeah, couple of other questions that you asked. Obviously, the hike will depend on 
the different geographies. You know, obviously, given the difference between the 
U.S. versus India, we give the normal hikes, but this particular one -time was a 
quarterly one-time payout as we transition from a calendar year to a full-year basis. 
 From a tax perspective, we expect broadly the same level of ETR to continue 
around 24% to 25% for both '26 and '27. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Thank you. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Does that answer your question, Chirag? 
Chirag Kachhadiya: Yes. Yeah. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. We move to the next caller. The next question is from the line of Sameer 
Pardikar from Elara Capital. Sameer, your line has been unmuted. You may 
Sameer, please go ahead. Sameer, we're not able to hear you. We move to the next 
participant and t ake the question from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan 
while we request Sameer to rejoin. Bhavik, your line has been unmuted. 
Bhavik Mehta: Hi, thank you. Couple of questions. Firstly, if I look at the revenue guide at low 
double-digit versus 15% organically, you're doing in FY'26. So is this a conservative 
guide given how the macro is and you might want to wait and watch how the macro 
evolves before maybe increasing the guidance over the course of the year? That's 
the first question. 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 
Page | 17  
Ramesh Gopalan: Yes, I mean, like I said, we're guiding today basis the visibility we have. Like I said, 
some of the deals, while they're different and more transformational, some of the 
timings of those deals could be a little variable. And that's why, basis the visibil ity 
we have, we are guiding to low double -digits. But we'll have better visibility as we 
go through the year and basis that we will re -guide on both the top end and the 
margin numbers. 
Bhavik Mehta: Okay. Got it. The second question is on margins. Again, if I look at the band 24% to 
25%, the midpoint, it implies like a decrease versus what you ended up doing in FY 
'26. So just wanted to understand what are the puts and takes or the headwinds 
you're building in for next year? 
Ramesh Gopalan: I think, we covered that, right? So MR, do you want to restate some of the factors? 
Yeah. 
Srinivas Mattapalli: Yeah. First is, I mean, from a Forex perspective, we did say that if it persists at the 
current levels, we are reasonably confident of hitting the top end of our guidance. 
Two, obviously, there is that aspect of employee wage increases that we do give, 
which is funded from the FX that we get. Three, we are also looking at a more 
onshore kind of revenues. Even if you see this year, the share of our U.S. revenues 
went up, which is traditionally slightly lower margins than our offshore bus iness. 
So all of this combined to ensure that we are right now in this 24% to 25%. And as I 
said, if we're able to continue at this FX rate, we should be at the top end of our 
guidance, which does definitely denotes a lower dilution than what you implied in 
your numbers. 
Bhavik Mehta: Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. We move next to the line of Sameer Padikar from Elara Capital. Sameer, 
your line has been unmuted. You may speak. Yes, Sameer, please go ahead. It 
appears there is an issue at his line. I go to the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL 
Capital for a follow-up. Rishi, your line has been unmuted. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Sorry, I don't have a follow-up. Thank you. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: My apologies. We move next to the question from Siddharth Vora  from HSBC 
Mutual Fund. Your line has been unmuted. 
Siddharth Vora: Hi, Ramesh. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Hi. 
Siddharth Vora: Ramesh, just a clarification from my end. You're saying that increasingly there is 
more revenues and the engagements are on -site. So if any change in nature or 
complexities, how is the overall deals evolving? At the same time, if there is a shift 
to on -site, there should be a natural lever to your growth rates versus a normal 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 
Page | 18  
year. So how should we think about that while you are saying that your visibility 
currently is on the lower double-digits side? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. So Siddharth, when we say onshore, it's not on -site, right? I mean, unlike 
other businesses, we don't deploy people to client offices or client locations, right? 
So this is delivering for a client from the U.S. geography because of whatever 
restrictions the client may have or because of regulatory reasons that the work 
cannot move offshore, right? So that's the kind of business. 
 For example, BroadPath, most of BroadPath delivery is onshore, right? While our 
attempt is to move any new business that we get that to offshore. Like I said, 
depending on regulatory reasons or client preferences, some of the work may have 
to be done onsho re. Similarly, on Payment Integrity, some part of our delivery 
happens onshore. So growth in those businesses will have a larger onshore 
component compared to offshore. 
 Having said that, like I've explained in the past, things do tend to move from 
onshore to offshore as well, right? So while some of the newer clients may want to 
start onshore. Over a period of time, they may also be open to moving that work 
offshore. But at this point in time, if we look at some of the opportunities in the 
pipeline and where the growth is going to come from, the rate of growth may be 
slightly higher in onshore geographies compared to our offshore geographies. So 
that was the comment around margins. 
 But to your other point, like I said, we will revise the guidance, as we go along, 
depending on the visibility that we have. 
Siddharth Vora: Just a follow-up to that. Given the complexities and maybe more hiring nearshore, 
if not on-site, is how has the historical revenue share or the headcount share been 
on-site, nearshore and in India or in offshore locations? And do you see that 
changing going forward with advent of AI or things the way they are changing going 
forward? 
Ramesh Gopalan: No. Right. For like I said, for clients who've already worked with us or who are used 
to the outsourcing model, given the cost pressures that they are under, if a work 
can be delivered in a lower cost geography, they would prefer that, right. So it's not 
a question of, there is a shift in perception, or there's a shift in work from offshore 
to onshore, right. So I'm not saying that. But as we get newer clients in the mid -
market space, the newer clients may want who are not accustomed to the offshore 
model, they may want to start more onshore, right. And there are other kinds of 
businesses like Medicaid and others, where the onshore component, because of 
regulatory reasons, could be higher than the offshore component. 
 So those are the main reasons. It's not that existing clients are moving work from 
offshore to onshore, because given the pricing pressures today, if existing clients 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
 
Page | 19  
can move more work from their in -house to partners like us, they would rather do 
it offshore than onshore. 
Siddharth Vora: So you'll say your headcounts and revenue ratios between onsite, offshore will 
remain in line with your historical trends? 
Ramesh Gopalan: With the revenue mix slightly increasing towards onshore. That's what MR was 
saying. One of the… 
Siddharth Vora: I'm saying in terms of three years kind of a scenario… 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. 
Siddharth Vora: …or structurally, how we look at the business. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. Nothing significantly different. Yes. 
Siddharth Vora: Nothing different. Yeah. Sure. Got it. That's it from mine. Thank you so much. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Thank you. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. We go to the line of Sameer Pardikar from Elara Capital. Sameer, your 
line has been unmuted. 
Sameer Pardikar: My question is basically on growth. If I hear it correctly, the growth for us last year 
organic was around 15% odd. And we are guiding for a lower double-digit growth at 
a consolidated level. That means possibly organic growth could be even lower than 
that. So despite such strong numbers coming in, any reason for some lower growth 
for this year? Is it because of the AI compression which you talked about in the 
earlier call about 1% or 2% going to a little higher to 3% to 4%? Is it impact of some 
AI compression we are looking at, or what is the reason for it? 
Ramesh Gopalan: So first let me clarify, right? As we get into FY '27, everything is organic, right? The 
last acquisition we did was in January of 2025. In FY '27, there is organic unless we 
do any new acquisitions. So the guidance of low double-digits that we are giving is 
for organic growth. So any inorganic components that we add during the year will 
be over and top of that guidance, right? So I hope that is clear, right? So it's not that 
I'm giving an overall growth number and the organic number is goin g to be lower. 
Guidance is for organic growth, right? 
Sameer Pardikar: Yeah. So my question was basically do we see some compression because of AI?  
Ramesh Gopalan: So the compression has historically been there and like I've said. So for example, 
the compression is going to be slightly higher than last year, right. So we've 
traditionally said it's about 1% to 1.5%, but we are predicting the compression to 
be more like 2% in FY '27. Not s ignificantly higher, but definitely higher than the 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
 
Page | 20  
past. And those numbers will gradually inch up is the belief that we have. And we'll 
see how it plays out, right?  
 But every, I mean, even historically, whatever numbers we've grown at, it is net of 
all of those compressions because of not just technology and/or AI, but also, like I 
said, in our business there is geography shifts.  So when work shifts from a higher 
revenue geography to a lower revenue geography, there is revenue compression, 
right, and volume changes and so on. There are a lot of reasons why there could be 
revenue compression. But purely if you look at technology, like I said, it's been 
historically at the 1%, 1.5% level, but we think it'll be more like a 2% plus this year. 
Sameer Pardikar: And the second part is, when we have an unusually higher attrition for the quarter, 
do we typically have a moderation of this quarter from quarter four to subsequent 
quarters? So I did not get that why the attrition was a little higher this quarter versus 
the historical numbers. 
Ramesh Gopalan: It's the same reason why we also said we have a better actual revenue than what 
we guided, right? So we said we had higher seasonal revenue in Q4 than what we 
anticipated. And so that higher seasonal revenue, with the fact that seasonal, once 
that revenue goes away, the corresponding head count also goes away, right? So 
the higher attrition in Q4 was a result of the higher seasonality in Q4. 
Sameer Pardikar: Okay. And we have observed unusual, the higher other expenses were very high in 
FY '26. So any maybe highlight for that number inching up in FY '26? 
Srinivas Mattapalli: Yeah. It is. 
Ramesh Gopalan: MR you want to it? 
Srinivas Mattapalli: Yeah. A lot of it is account of higher IT costs and investment that we did in IT from 
an AI and transformation kind of a perspective. We also have rationalised some of 
our centres in a couple of our geographies, which has led to a little bit of write -off 
of assets. So those two would have contributed to a little bit higher cost. The first 
one being more primary reason. 
Sameer Pardikar: So we do expect this number to moderate little in next year? 
Srinivas Mattapalli: We'll continue to do our investments in AI and transformation, as I said. So we 
would expect that number to continue to be reasonably high. 
Sameer Pardikar: Okay. Sure. Thank you so much. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. We move to the next question from the line of Vamshi Krishna from 
Kotak Securities. Your line has been unmuted. 
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
 
Page | 21  
Vamshi Krishna: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the follow -up. Ramesh, so just since you said there were 
higher than expected seasonal revenues during this quarter as well as last quarter. 
So how should we think about the quarterly seasonality that will play out in 1Q? So 
should we expect this to be slightly steeper? 
Ramesh Gopalan: So broadly, Vamshi, like I said, while it's seasonal, we expect this seasonality to 
occur every year, right? So because of the BroadPath acquisition and also some of 
the more seasonal work that we've got, what traditionally used to be more like a 
53:47 H2 to H1 split, is becoming more like a 54.5%, 55% to 45%, right? So and I 
think that's the way we think it'll continue into the future as well. 
Vamshi Krishna: Perfect. That answers my question. Thank you. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. That concludes the webinar for today. Thank you members of the 
management. On behalf of Sagility Limited, we would like to request all of the 
participants to log off now. Thank you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been 
edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been 
made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
 