===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
Date: April 02, 2026 
To,  
The Manager  The Manager 
Listing Department  Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) BSE Limited (BSE) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor  Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block   Dalal Street 
Bandra-Kurla Complex   Mumbai - 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051  Scrip Code:544282 
Symbol: SAGILITY 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
Subject: Transcript of Investor & Analyst Day held on March 25, 2026 
In continuation of our earlier communicatio ns dated March 13, 2026 and March 25, 2026, please find 
attached the transcript of the Investors’ and Analysts’ Day held on Wednesday, March 25, 2026. 
This information i s also available on the Company’s websit e https://sagility.com/investor-
relations/financial-summary/  
This is for your kind information and record. 
Thanking You, 
For Sagility Limited 
Satishkumar Sakharayapattana Seetharamaiah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A16008
Encl:a/a 
Sagility Limited 
(Formerly Sagility India Limited, earlier Sagility India Private Limited) 
Registered Office - No. 23 & 24, AMR Tech Park, Building 2A, First Floor Hongasandara Village, Off Hosur 
Road, Bommanahalli, Bengaluru – 560068, Karnataka, India 
Corporate Identification Number: L72900KA2021PLC150054 
Tel. No.: 080-71251500, E-mail: investorservices@sagility.com, Website: www.sagility.com 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
Page | 1  
 
Sagility Ltd. 
Investor & Analyst Day Transcript 
Wednesday, 25th March 2026  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT • Ramesh Gopalan - Group CEO and Managing Director 
• Srinivas Mattapalli – Executive Vice President, Group Chief 
Financial Officer 
• Abhishek Kayan – Deputy Chief Financial Officer 
• Roopam Narayan - Executive Vice President, Solutions & 
Practice 
• Srikanth Lakshminarayanan - Senior Vice President, 
Healthcare Practice 
• Krithika Srivats - Senior Vice President, Clinical Practice 
• Madan Moudgal - Executive Vice President, Chief Digital 
Officer 
• Ram Mohan Natarajan - Senior Vice President, Business 
Transformation 
• Chris Shiffert - Chief Growth Officer 
• Dhaivat Mehta – Vice President, Global Brand and Corporate 
Communications 
QUESTIONERS • Atul Mehra – Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
• Pallavi Deshpande – Sameeksha Capital 
• Shreesti Rastogi – Canera Robeco AMC 
• Siddharth Vora – HSBC Mutual Fund 
• Anil Nahata – Parami Financial 
• Chetan Shah – Jeet Capital 
• Namit Arora – INDGROWTH Capital 
• Pallavi Deshpande – Sameeksha Capital 
• Ravi Menon – Macquarie Capital 
• Varun Gandhi – Finavenue Growth Fund 
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 
Page | 2  
Dhaivat Mehta: Good afternoon, this is Dhaivat Mehta, Vice President of Global Brand 
and Corporate Communications here at Sagility. And on behalf of 
everyone at Sagility, it is our pleasure and privilege to have you amongst 
us here today. I hope you've been able to grab a bite to eat. We really 
appreciate you being amongst us. I know all of you have busy days, and 
so we really do appreciate it. Well, today, we have several members of our 
leadership team here, and we're going to walk you through some of our 
strategic roadmap and how we intend on continuing to create long -term 
sustainable value. 
 We are going to have a Q&A session. Team, if you can go to the next slide, 
please. I want to make sure that we share with our delegates here. So, this 
is a QR code, and there are several QR code stands across the room as 
well. If you have any question that comes up as we go through the 
presentations, please feel free to put in your question on this QR code 
link. We will have a dedicated Q&A session right at the end. 
 We will take all those questions that you have put forward, but also, we 
will have a team that will go around with mics, and so you will be able to 
ask questions that way as well. Of course, if you go to the next slide, it's 
important that we take a moment to look at the safe harbour statement 
regarding forward -looking stat ements. So, I will pause for three or five 
seconds and we can look at the statement together. Okay. With that, I 
won't be taking too much of our time. 
 Let me hand it over to Ramesh, our MD and CEO, who will take the next 
session. And we have multiple sessions thereafter. We have a tea break. 
We have a long day here today. We are going to be here together till dinner 
and cocktails. So, look forward to knowing many of you better. 
 Ramesh, over to you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Okay, thanks. Thanks Dhaivat. Good afternoon. Welcome everyone. Lots 
of familiar faces. So like Dhaivat said, it's a long day. We are going to 
continue all the way until 7. Let me quickly tell you what's planned. So, 
this is the broad structure of what we intend to present. 
 So, as you can see we will start with my session, but the whole idea here 
is I have met almost all of you. You have heard from me several times, but 
today is the opportunity for you to hear from my team. So we will dive 
deeper into some of the topics. I want you to walk away with a good 
understanding of our capabilities, our go forward strategy and how we 
plan to execute on that strategy over the coming years. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 
Page | 3  
 We have a tea break between 4 and 4.30 but a lot of our presentations 
include demos. So hopefully you will get a better feel for some of the 
products and solutions that we have built and like Dhaivat said at the end 
of the day we will have a 45-minute Q&A session. So please post your 
questions through the QR code and also, we will have mics around at the 
end for further questions. Again, just a placeholder for those of you who 
don't know us. Many of you have seen this slide before. We are a leader in 
healthcare operations transformation. 
 So that is what we do. All of our clients are U.S. healthcare clients. Two 
major segments Payers and Providers. Payers constitute about 87%, 88% 
of our revenues. Providers about the balance 12%, 13% and we go to 
market on three pillars. One is a deep domai n expert experience and 
throughout this afternoon that is the key theme that you will keep hearing 
from the rest of my team. You will get a first-hand experience of how deep 
in domain we are as experts in U.S. healthcare and the second thing you 
will also get to see the breadth and depth of a service portfolio. So, I've 
told many of you in the past that when it comes to especially the payer 
value chain, we touch almost all the functions in the payer’s ecosystem. 
 So, and just not touch cursorily but we have deep expertise in each of 
those functions and that sets us up for some of the future work that we 
are doing and the third part again over the last at least 10 plus years we've 
been focused on tech led transformation. So you will see a number of use 
cases today. Some of the demos that will showcase the depth of our 
transformation capability and hopefully you will walk away with a good 
understanding of how we get the domain and the transformational 
capabilities together to improve the value or to improve the efficiencies 
and operations and add value to our clients. Again clients and so on. 
 We've discussed in the past the key messages relationship strength. We 
work with some of the large payers in the U.S. Today we work with seven 
of the top 10 payers and three or four of these relationships have been 
around for over 20 years. So if you'd look at the top five clients, the average 
tenure of those clients is 18 years. 
 So these are long -term relationships and like I've mentioned in the past 
not only are they long-term relationships, these relationships continue to 
grow and we'll show you numbers from the last 12 months on how the top 
five and the rest of the clients have  grown. So very sticky relationships, 
we've proven to them that we are a great partner. We've added value to 
them over the years, and they still continue to grow with us and in terms 
of the scale of operations operate from five geographies, multiple sites  
within these geographies. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 
Page | 4  
 We won't cover a lot about operations today but one thing that underlies 
everything that we are doing today and that we intend to do tomorrow is 
the operational strength that we bring. So we've done this work for 25 plus 
years. We are known as leaders when  it comes to delivering on 
operational metrics and KRAs and that is the foundational trust on which 
everything else that we do is built. In terms of financials, again we don't 
intend to get deeper into the financials, but in the Q&A session happy to 
answer questions, but if you look at our track record we have grown 
consistently in double-digits over the last five years and our margins have 
also been consistent in the 24%, 25% EBITDA range. 
 In terms of recognition, so all of the analysts, the industry analysts who 
track healthcare operations in the U.S. If you look at all of the reports, you 
will see that we feature in the top quadrant. So be it Everest, Avasant, 
HFS, ISG and so on. But within that, I would like to highlight a few of the 
more recent ones especially as it relates to today's topic which is what 
does AI mean to our business. If you look at Everest PEAK Matrix, we have 
been rated in the Leaders Quadrant for intelligent payer operation and the 
word intelligent is use of transformational technologies like AI and so on. 
 Similarly ISG has stated us as leader in generative AI services and 
Business Intelligence Group have taken our use case on Sagility SmarTec 
Nurse Assist to award us the winner of the Augmented Intelligence Award 
and you will see a demo of this in action later in this presentation. So this 
many of you in one -on-one meetings and conferences we have gone 
through this. 
 I'm not going to spend a lot of time on this. This is just to say that the 
statement that I made. One of the pillars that we go to market on is our 
breadth and depth of our services and this kind of showcases that 
breadth and depth. If you look at the value chain the first five pillars are all 
related to payer business, payer and PBM practices. As you can see if you 
look at the lifecycle of let's say a member, an insured who goes through 
the payer organisation all the way from member acquisition up until 
renewal of that member. Everything that the payer needs to do to run their 
operations we touch almost all of those functions. 
 We group them logically into these practice areas and then my team that 
will come after me will dive deeper into some of these practice areas and 
tell you how the domain depth has helped us build solutions that solve 
critical business problems for our clients. But member lifecycle, provider 
lifecycle, claims, clinical payment integrity, these are the practice areas 
on which all of our solutions are built and underlying all of this is 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 
Page | 5  
consulting and technology services. So we do business unit 
assessments. We do journey mapping. 
 We do some of the upfront consulting to identify the opportunities with 
some of our clients and we also have like I said a transformation team 
where some of the point solutions and some of the Agentic AI 
deployments we do across all of these practices and like I said you will 
see some examples of those in the later sessions. So one of the questions 
that we discussed recently especially at the beginning of this year is all of 
the changes that are happening in the U.S. healthcare system and how 
Sagility is n avigating those changes and so thought I will take five to 10 
minutes to just cover some of the big changes in the U.S. healthcare and 
how we are well positioned to help our clients through those changes. 
 Again won't treat all of this and we have covered this in earnings calls in 
the past, but there have been a slew of changes in the last three to six 
months. A lot of them just picking up on the One Big Beautiful Bill. There 
has been funding cuts specifically impacting the Medicaid business. That 
is likely to play out in the coming months and years. 
 So we haven't seen the impact of it yet. Most of it will take effect towards 
the end of the year and the beginning of next calendar year, but it is 
expected Medicaid heavy plans are expected to lose some members. We 
will talk about the Medicare not only Me dicare but across the board we 
will talk about the increase in utilisation and the challenges that that 
poses. So we have a couple of slides which will dive deeper into that and 
AI. 
 So today all through today's session we will talk about AI sorry -- Agentic 
AI and the impact of that on our business and how we plan to capitalise 
on that. But yes, there are constraints in the U.S. healthcare system when 
it comes to the use of AI. And we  will talk about some of those 
complexities and the constraints and then explain to you how we plan to 
leverage the power of AI to increase the efficiency of our operations. ACA 
subsidy, we have spoken about this in the past and this has played out in 
the open enrolment season that happened early this year. So there has 
been a decline in new consumers and there has also been a decline in 
overall enrolment. 
 Tariffs not something that impacts us much. Obviously there have been 
some changes recently, but even before there was not much of an impact 
to us and we don't expect this to impact us and then the H1B there were 
questions around that and we have clarified . We have people in single 
digits with H1B Visa. As all of our employees in the U.S. over 99% of them 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 
Page | 6  
are either Green Card holders or citizens and so this is not something that 
impacts us. So in a nutshell, if you look at most of these changes what it 
means is two things. 
 There is membership volatility in many of the plans and two there is a 
margin compression right and let's double click on the margin 
compression issue. And this is a representation of the top payers right. 
Some of them are our clients, some of them are not , but we just wanted 
to give you what is happening across just not the top payers, but across 
the industry. The thing that is very common across all of the payers is the 
increase in what we call the MLR. So if you look at all these graphs and 
these represent over four years. 
 The MLRs have gone up from the low 80s to high 80s and in some cases 
even 90 plus. What that basically tells you is payers are increasingly 
spending over 90% of their premiums in just paying claims. So essentially 
left with very little money to run operations and make a profit and so this 
is the margin compression that you keep seeing in all of the earnings calls 
of our clients. 
 All of their CEOs and CFOs if you look at the consistent teams, it talks 
about higher utilisation how they need to improve their margins. People 
are talking about this being the trough from which they hope to recover 
and a lot of them are talking about cos t takeout, reducing administrative 
expenses. 
 So all of the challenges are around margins and how to improve 
profitability. Some of them have strategically exited certain markets 
which are high utilisation markets and so that is caused also membership 
changes. Some have lost membership consciously, some have gained 
membership, but ultimately this is all with respect to how to improve their 
bottom lines. So, the question that many of you asked us is in this context 
since you guys work with a number of large payers. What does it mean for 
you?  
 How do you expect to grow when your clients are going through all of 
these issues, and we wanted to spend some time and talk about how 
essentially some of these margin compression issues that our clients 
face is a tailwind for us and why is that. It's not that everybody can go 
around saying that it's going to benefit them, but we are uniquely 
positioned for the following reasons. First, we deal with healthcare 
operations. 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 
Page | 7  
 So one of the things that keeps constantly coming up is how are you 
different from IT services players and we have said that the spend on us is 
not discretionary spend. Clients have to continue to run their operations 
and one of the things to improve margin is to reduce the cost of operations 
and that is where partners like us come into play. 
 So our domain expertise is one of the main reasons why clients expect us 
or expect partners like us to be able to reduce cost when it comes to their 
operations and secondly as I said we worked with some of these clients 
for 15, 20 years right and so we have proven over a period of time that we 
are credible that we can scale and we can deliver value right and so when 
clients want a quick cost reduction, we are the ones who can do it with 
very low transition cost and timelines because we understand their 
ecosystem, we understand their processes and we have a very good 
understanding of their business in some cases even better than some of 
their own people. And third we have spoken about the transformation 
capabilities. 
 A lot of the work that today clients expect us to do is over and beyond just 
the cost differential between their geography and delivery geography. A 
lot of it is around how can you further transform a business. How can you 
take cost out of my operations and all of the capabilities that we have built 
and some of that that we will demonstrate to you today will show you how 
we use those capabilities to add value to or take cost out and reduce 
overall cost of operations for our clients. 
 And lastly and Roopam will cover this. We are open to multiple business 
constructs. One of the challenges for clients today is if they need to do 
transformation they have to invest significantly upfront and some of our 
business constructs basically, we tell the clients that they don't have to 
invest significantly at the start. We will make the investments on their 
behalf and we will straight line the savings for them over a period of time. 
 So those kinds of constructs we are more open to and we are open to that 
because we are very confident in our ability to execute on the 
transformation and show the savings to the clients and so to answer that 
question if you look at it both from a viewpoin t of top five clients as well 
as the rest of the clients. You can see in the last 12 months which is 
December 2025 over 2024, the top five grew close to 10%. 9.9% is the 
growth of our top five and if you look at the rest of the clients it's even more 
healthier. It's 28% growth. 
 So across the board both in the top clients and in the rest of the portfolio 
we have grown in spite of the macro pressures on the industry. So the 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 
Page | 8  
cost, the profitability challenges are real and in that environment over the 
last three, four years we have continued to show sustained growth across 
our portfolio of clients. So transitioning from there. So, like I said our 
clients expect and this is not new. 
 One of the things I wanted to talk to you about is the fact that outsourcing 
and offshoring gives them a cost advantage is a known thing. So that was 
the origin of offshoring. If you go back 25 years, the whole premise of 
offshoring was you deliver it from  a lower cost geography and that gives 
them a big cost reduction. But that's kind of table stakes and it's been 
table stakes not just now, but it's been table stakes for a number of years 
now. 
 So the added value that clients expect from service providers like us is 
beyond that cost differential what additional value that you can bring to 
the table and that value being someone who runs operation is how do you 
reduce my cost of operations. So redu cing the cost of operations on an 
ongoing basis is part of our DNA. So it's not new today. It's been there with 
us for the last 15 plus years and this is the journey that we've taken in 
reducing the cost of operations. 
 If you look at the early days, it was all about process improvement right. 
So all of you would have heard of the terms Six Sigma and SOP redesign 
business process reengineering. All of those were things that we did in the 
early days to essentially look at the processes upstream, downstream, 
look at some of the handoffs. How do we eliminate unnecessary task? 
How do we improve efficiency? Ultimately resulting in lower cost of 
operations. In the last 10 years, 2015 onwards when some of the digital 
tools became available. 
 Things like RPA, things like analytics, process mining. These are 
capabilities that we used in the last 10 years essentially to identify what 
are the bottlenecks in the process and in some of the simpler rule-based 
processes can be used RPA bots to improve the efficiency of operations 
and they have generated a reasonable amount of efficiency. 
 If you look at typical RPA bots that we've deployed in the last 10 years at 
a process level they could generate anywhere between 15%, 20% 
efficiency. So that's something that we've generated in the processes that 
are amenable to such interventions and thos e are efficiencies that in 
some form of fashion we've passed back to our clients. And now in the 
last 12, 18 months since the road show, we have been talking about this. 
We have invested heavily in Gen AI and a number of use cases we have 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 
Page | 9  
demonstrated to you which are more in nature of if I were to call them 
more passive uses of Gen AI. 
 We've embedded them at a process level. They either do, they automate 
some portion of the task. They help retrieve knowledge based on which 
our humans have to make decisions and in some cases they've also 
automated documentation. And all of that we've done  making sure that 
there are enough guardrails in place and so on. So this has been the 
journey so far, and now when we look at what we've been doing in the last 
six months or so and into the future. It's to take this to the next level. 
 But before we do that, I wanted to talk about some of the constraints that 
the U.S. healthcare industry has, and how as company given our 
transformational capabilities and our domain expertise. How do we plan 
to navigate through some of those constraints and still show tremendous 
value to our clients. If you look at the U.S. healthcare landscape, I want to 
talk about some of the constraints across these four constructs. The 
regulatory issues, the clinical judgment required in a lot of the work that 
we do a nd also the whole healthcare ecosystem. The number of 
stakeholders, the relationship between the stakeholders and the 
complexities of some of those relationships. And then lastly we will talk 
about fragmented data and legacy systems which is something that  I'm 
assuming a lot of you would have heard from others in other industries as 
well, but it's amplified in healthcare. 
 Talking about the regulatory complexity in healthcare. So I won't go 
through all of these laws and what they mean, but essentially you can 
understand that healthcare is a highly regulated industry in the U.S. There 
are number of laws that we need to abide by and some of these laws do 
post constraints when it comes to implementation of AI and Agentic AI. A 
simple example the healthcare HIPAA. HIPAA has very strict guardrails 
around privacy and security. So there is a minimum use standard. So you 
can only us e the data that's required to complete the task and not 
overuse. So obviously if you're using AI and Agentic AI, in some cases you 
can't give access to all of the data, because the law prohibits that. 
 And when we talk about clinical, we'll also talk about places where there 
are guidelines and laws today where some of the medical decisions 
cannot be done by an autonomous agent. What this means overall is 
when we try and implement AI and Agentic AI in healthcare. You got to be 
careful that what you do is auditable, what you do is explainable and what 
you do is compliant. So what that means is it limits how much you can do 
in an autonomous way and we'll show you some examples where we've 
tried to blend what power we can get from an Agentic AI implementation 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 
Page | 10  
along with human in the loop to be able to accomplish greater efficiency 
for our clients. 
 Next, when you look at clinical judgment. There are number of factors and 
I'll touch upon a couple of them. One, we spoke about the regulatory 
aspect of it in which a lot of the clinical decisions things that impact the 
care cannot be taken autonomously. A  human always needs to be 
involved in making those decisions. So that's one constraint, but even 
otherwise healthcare is not something that in some cases can be done 
autonomously, because for example and Krithika will talk about this. In a 
clinical care g ap it is seen that the member or the patient doesn't 
understand that there is a gap, but it's some societal barriers, it's some 
behavioural reasons because of which the member or the insured isn't 
taking the right action. And in those cases you need a human to be able to 
understand and do the right nudging so that those gaps can be closed. 
 And more importantly one of the bigger concerns when it comes to AI is, 
is there going to be a bias in terms of parity to some of the behavioural 
health and other benefits that members are supposed to have. And so if 
you look at regulations, we need to mak e sure that there is no bias that 
violates any parity rules. 
 Talking about complex stakeholder relationships. We've discussed in the 
past about the U.S. healthcare ecosystem and how there is an interplay 
between payers, providers, members, employers. So all of them kind of 
come together and the incentives of all the se different stakeholders are 
diverse. And more importantly the complexity is also in the number of 
contractual and payment related relationships. 
 When we talk of an insurance company, it's not that they sell one single 
plan. So every state, every county, the variations of the plans could be 
different. The benefits could be different. Similarly, every provider 
relationship, every provider contract is different. There are nuances in 
those contracts. So much so that one of the acquisitions we did DC on 
payment integrity. The service there is just to reprice the contracts. I mean 
these are contracts  that have been loaded onto the system. Auto 
adjudication rates are in the high 80s and 90s. 
 In spite of that we have an opportunity to go back and review the 
payments that have been made against the contract, and we find more 
than enough opportunity where the payer has actually overpaid, because 
the intent of the contract wasn't really establishe d when they set it up in 
the system to make those auto adjudications. So those kinds of 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 
Page | 11  
complexities in terms of the number of permutation combination and 
what needs to get paid is immense. 
 And also when it comes to the member or the patient there is very limited. 
I mean this is healthcare is one of the products where the people who 
actually buy those products have very little understanding of how it 
works. Even as a consumer, members have fa irly limited understanding 
of how this works and that creates the additional level of complexity. 
 What this means is as practitioners as people who run healthcare 
operation we need to have a very strong understanding of the ecosystem 
to be able to precisely deploy AI. And you'll see in some of the examples 
that we showed today how that understanding of  the total healthcare 
ecosystem is very important to be able to do this. 
 And lastly, like I said you would have heard this from others as well. The 
fragmented data and legacy technology infrastructure, but healthcare 
and we've discussed this in the past and most of you know healthcare is 
from -- as an industry is quite behind i n terms of modernising some of 
these platforms. Today if see a lot of these platforms are outdated. A lot 
of the information across the ecosystem be it membership, billing, 
claims. They all act in; they are all in siloed systems. There is very little 
exchange of this data and what it also like I said in because of regulatory 
constraints sometimes there is also restricted access across these silos, 
because you need to get consents before you can go across the silos and 
get the data. 
 And so what that poses, the challenge that it poses is that an Agentic AI 
doesn't have access to all of the data in the enterprise. And so you will see 
some of the examples that we demonstrate today. With those constraints 
we can still implement an AI base d solution, which works with these 
constraints and still delivers value to the clients. What it means as a 
practitioner for us is the reason, the knowledge required to understand 
the client's ecosystem so that we know precisely how to deploy this AI. 
 Like I said, the question that all of you ask is with all of  this advances in 
AI, why are your clients not adopting it immediately right. And hopefully 
some of the complexities that we discussed are basically the constraints 
that our clients and we need to work through to be able to get the power 
of AI. But we believe that given our history and given our domain expertise 
we are uniquely positioned to help our clients because of the following 
reasons. 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 
Page | 12  
 Like I said, and you will see today we've designed processes in which 
human is always in the loop and we can use the power of both AI and the 
human in the loop to deliver much better outcomes for our clients. You 
will also see the deep clinical and domain knowledge that's required to 
deliver on some of these promises. And like I said we are very flexible, I 
mean, even though today a lot of our contracts are on FTE or transaction 
basis. We are very open at this point in time with clients on multiple 
pricing constructs and we are willing to take risks to be able to deliver 
those efficiencies to our clients. 
 And finally our proprietary tech and our ability to integrate AI into the 
process workflow is something that will separate us from others. So it's a 
combination of all of these capabilities that gives us the confidence that 
we are better positioned to take advantage of the technology. 
 And so the way we see the future evolving is rather than using AI passively 
in a specific process we are at the stage where we are embedding AI in 
our end -to-end workflow. So you will see demonstration of that today. 
We've created a whole set of what we ca ll SmarTec agents. One, I'll talk 
about the internal one, but essentially in the work that we do for our 
clients both on the administrative side on the clinical side these SmarTec 
agents are utilised in complex workflow. So we can automate a complex 
workflow from end -to-end and use agents and humans appropriately in 
the workflow cycle to deliver the value that the clients are expecting us to 
deliver. And you will see specific examples of that today. 
 And then the final holy grail where how do I -- if I'm able to overcome some 
of the data constraints and the legacy system constraints. How can I even 
increase the power of AI by having AI do the reasoning and the decision -
making and that's where our Synch rony series of solutions come into 
play. And we'll give you some examples of that today. So essentially think 
of it as an offering in which we take a life cycle end -to-end. For example 
the Medicare Synchrony product takes the membership enrolment life 
cycle all the way from plan design to enrolment and billing and within this 
life cycle how do we bring partner platforms and create an orchestrated 
agentic workflow on top of that. So that within that lifecycle the agents 
can make autonomous decisions with ap propriate human intervention 
but be at a much higher level than what it could do in a legacy 
environment. 
 So that's where we think the future is and you will see today that some of 
the partners that we are working with, some of the partner products that 
we are working with. So in that new ecosystem both with the partners and 
with our expertise will create that agentic workflow like I said with a much 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 
Page | 13  
higher level of autonomous decision-making. Then what we can do in the 
previous era. So those are the two things where we think the future is 
headed and we wanted to give you a taste of that the coming 
presentations. 
 The subsequent presentations is like I said going to focus more on how do 
we execute on the strategy. And like I said, deep domain expertise is a key 
prerequisite for execution of the strategy, and so Roopam, Srikanth and 
Krithika will touch upon how we bring that expertise to the table and how 
that expertise helps us deliver on the promise of AI. So you will see some 
of the new business constructs. You will see how our understanding of 
payer and provider ecosystem gives us the depth. And like I said, you will 
also see some examples of what we mean by Synchrony and what value 
it brings to the client. 
 Second is, we'll also have presentations on our tech -led transformation 
so that's going to be a lot of demos on how we use Agentic AI and what is 
the value that it delivers to our clients. And you'll also get to see how we're 
using the partnership ecosystem to deliver on that value. And towards the 
end Chris will talk about how we are taking all of these capabilities to 
market. 
 Like I said our large clients as well as the rest of the clients continue to 
grow at a healthy pace, and so where is that growth going to come from? 
What are the solutions that we plan to take to that market? And then the 
strategy of penetrating the mid and small market is something that we are 
very bullish on and what kinds of solutions appeal to that clientele and 
how we plan to do that and also some of the new services that we are 
working on. So all of this we will cover in our last section. 
 So at the end of the day you will see how the domain expertise, how the 
transformational capabilities and taking all of this in a very focused way 
to the market. How that's going to power our growth in the coming years. 
So with that there is 10 minutes. I can possibly take a couple of questions 
and then pass it on to the next speaker. 
Atul Mehra: Yeah, hi. Thanks for hosting this. Just one question, so the biggest 
apprehension today like we all know is around AI and so on and so forth. 
So can you give an example. So you spoke about how difficult complex 
things are. But could you explain it with an example how AI could…? 
Ramesh Gopalan: That's in the next session. You will see some live examples of areas where 
we've deployed and you will see a… 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 
Page | 14  
Atul Mehra: Deployed, but also in the sense that, like what is it in our business that a 
way is AI proof in some sense or how things not be like completely like our 
business model may be not impacted to the fullest extent or to any major 
extent because of AI. If you can like walk through some real life example. 
Thank you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: I think Roopam who comes after me is going to give you a real-life 
example. So I don't want to steal his thunder. But the broad response to 
your question is, we are looking at AI as a force multiplier. We are not 
looking at AI as a disruptor. Of course there will be disruption like I said. 
Generating efficiencies and operations and passing it back to the clients 
is part of our DNA. So that's something that goes, that's an ongoing part 
of our business, and so it's happened in the past. It wil l happen in the 
future. But today with AI and Agentic AI, we think it's a capability that will 
really open up additional opportunities for us and given in the context of 
the market, which is the cost pressures and the margin pressures that a 
lot of our clients’ face. 
 We believe that this is essentially going to help us even grow faster than 
we have in the past. It's a question of how we embrace it, how we deploy 
it and how thoughtfully we deploy it keeping into account all of the 
constraints that we spoke about. And I think given the position that we are 
in from a domain depth, we've done this for 25 years. We understand the 
ecosystem, and so we believe we are very uniquely positioned to help our 
clients in this journey. So we are looking at AI and Gen AI as a force 
multiplier and not something to be concerned about and that's the 
message that I wanted to leave with all of you. 
 As you see through the rest of the presentation, we are essentially 
embracing this as a tool that can reduce cost of operations for our clients 
and given this in the current environment where most of them are 
struggling for profitability. How do we use this to add value to our clients, 
make the relationship stickier and continue to grow with them and places 
where we will grow and how we plan to grow is what Roopam and the rest 
of the team will talk to you about. 
Pallavi Deshpande: What we're saying there is no deflation of impact that what we see in the 
IT services space that is not something we see in this space. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Again, right at any efficiency could be and we'll talk about it maybe in 
more detail after all the presentations right. Adding value to our clients 
has two aspects to it. This one way to kind of impact the invoice that I build 
to my clients, which is generating the efficiency in the operations that I do 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 
Page | 15  
for clients, but the bigger impact is what we say cost avoidance for the 
client. 
 So if you see a number of examples that we'll show it not only means that 
the only way to add value to my clients is not just by reducing my invoice. 
Yes, that's a component and AI will impact that, but the bigger value that 
AI can add to my client is how can I help my clients avoid cost that they 
would have otherwise incurred? So that's the bigger play. And so to your 
question at the micro level, at an SOW level if I generate efficiencies will 
it impact the revenue I generate? Yes, but as you can see from the rest of 
the presentation it also opens up opportunities for us to enlarge the scope 
of the work that we do. 
 Look at a process end -to-end whereas we were operating in silos before 
and how that will increase the pie. So at a micro level, yes, there will be 
some reduction, but it also opens up an additional stream of 
opportunities for us. 
Participant: Just wanted to understand, so what AI has done is the provider have 
always been disaggregated and may not have access to the best 
technologies as the peers have. But in AI, we are seeing multiple 
companies trying to provide these unique solutions, autonomous coding 
or better transcription, which leads to better claims in the first place. So 
what AI is likely to do is improve the provider's journey. And in that 
context, how do we add that better value to keep the payer more 
competitive? Because it almost looks like much of the AI is coming after 
the payer. In that context, how would you add significant value going 
forward either using AI or maybe whichever way possible. 
Ramesh Gopalan: It doesn't change the answer right. Everything that we spoke about so far 
is to make the payer more competitive, is to reduce the cost of 
operations. And we'll also show you an example how we bring the 
knowledge of having worked with providers and payers and how we bring 
value to that interaction between a payer and a provider as well. 
 So there's an example where we talk of a HealthBridge Connect, which is 
basically a connect between payers and providers to reduce the cost of 
both payers and providers. Because every time for example a simple 
example a provider builds a claim and doesn't get paid on time or doesn't 
get paid the amount that they think they should get paid. It causes friction. 
It causes an interaction. It adds to the cost. How do we work since we 
know what are the reasons why that friction exists. How do we work with 
both p arties to reduce cost for both parties. These are friction points 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 
Page | 16  
which if we use the right intervention and technology, we can reduce cost 
for both parties. 
 And so those are some of the interventions that we've done with some of 
our large clients which have been very useful. But broadly everything that 
you will see and hear today is essentially how to reduce cost of operations 
for our payers right and large part of that is the relationship the payer has 
with the provider. Some of the friction points in those interactions and 
how to reduce that friction. 
Participant: Just a quick question. I understand that the cost of operations reduce to 
some extent. So in that way, do you believe the entire services by both 
outsource or in-house done by the payers, and that size will reduce, but 
you will end up getting a higher part of that as outsourced thing, what does 
the reduced size of the services is? Because some of the AI would also 
help them automate their own internal processes right now. Some of 
them will help you automate the process you're providing them. Is there a 
leakage of your processes going back to them in-house and maybe more 
opportunity of their in -house process coming back to because of the AI 
you generate. If you can give them that numerical answer that would just 
be. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah, so before we get into the details, one of the things that I've shared 
with lot of you is the macro status on outsourcing penetration. So if you 
remember doing the road show and subsequently the slides we showed. 
Payer as a whole the outsourcing penet ration is in the low 20s. So when 
all of us start saying oh if this is automated what's going to happen is payer 
going to take the work in -house. It's the other way around. There is still 
70% plus work that is done internally by the payers today right. 
 So the efficiency is going to be generated in both parts of the pie. Both in 
the work that we do currently for the payers, but more importantly the 
large portion of the work that they still currently do in-house. And some of 
the business constructs and som e of the examples that you'll see today 
is exactly to address that right. How do we use the power of AI to increase 
like I said, to increase the opportunity size. We might be doing just one 
function for the client, but because today if I can combine the up stream 
and downstream and generate a higher value, the client is more than 
happy to let us do that. 
 So while yes the work that I do might generate efficiencies and disrupt my 
revenue there, but it also increases the size of the pie. So you'll see some 
examples of that. 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 
Page | 17  
Namit Arora: Hi, Namit here from INDGrowth. Yeah, my  question was around within 
your own organisation, how are you leveraging AI within Sagility as an 
organisation? And secondly, how are you using AI to develop some AI 
native offerings for the future rather than sort of looking at the current? 
Thank you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: I mean we didn't talk about that. He is chomping at the bits to talk about 
what we are doing internally in the organisation. So, yeah I mean one part 
of AI and the part that we are going to discuss today is the offerings that 
we take to clients. But AI is so mething that we are also embracing 
internally as an organisation. Everything that we do today right starting 
from hiring to training and everything is going to be completely reimagined 
using AI and all of that is in the works. 
 So, we believe in the next 12 to 18 months that's going to have a big impact 
on the cost of doing business for us and we'll talk about that more in 
subsequent earnings calls and so on. But there are a number of initiatives 
underway to make our operations much more efficient because today as 
you know a large part of what we do is hire people and because we hire 
them in multiple geographies where there is very little understanding of 
U.S. healthcare. A lot of time and investment goes in hiring and training 
those people and how can AI impact that significantly. So those initiatives 
are also under play and if you have time towards the end, I'll ask Anand to 
give you some more examples. 
Namit Arora: Thank you. Thank you again for hosting this and having the entire senior 
team here. Thank you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Thank you. We will move on to the next session. Like I said, if we have time 
at the end of each session, we will take a few questions, but we will have 
about 45 minutes at the end to take other questions. So thank you. 
Roopam Narayan: Thank you, Ramesh. Hi, good afternoon, good evening. My name is 
Roopam Narayan, I take care of Practice & Solutions. I'm based out of 
Denver, Colorado. Some of the questions that you asked and probably 
will get answered in this session itself. So one of the things about looking 
at to AI or any of these tools is that customers can implement it. Service 
providers like us can implement it. Who can implement it faster? Who can 
give results and ROI faster and better? 
 And who can commit to an ROI. I mean these are the questions that will 
make the decision of whether we grab more business out of the client or 
whether we just lose part of our own revenue. So that's where the entire 
session that I'm going to talk about wil l come into this. So we have our 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 
Page | 18  
traditional methods of growing. We are growing in our existing as well as 
new clients. 
 But we have specifically focused on outcome-based offerings leveraging 
AI primarily to grow much faster and grab market share which was not 
available to us. It was not even part of the addressable market for most of 
the outsourcing vendors in the past. And that comes to us because we are 
actually an AI first organisation. So I'll cover three and I have examples for 
this one and my colleagues Sri and Krithika, they'll come and give some 
additional details and these are with numbers so you can probably see 
the power of AI and how these impact our clients business and how it 
impacts us. So it's a win-win for both the organisations. 
 So Managed Services Structure deals, you probably would have seen a lot 
on the IT services side. It hasn't happened much on the business process 
side. So let's start from there. And in this part, like any other IT services, 
managed services deal, client ou tcomes are very clear that they are 
looking at cost savings committed, number one. Number two, they are 
looking at speed to value. 
 So you don't have to really wait for two years, three years of your 
automation projects to kick in and therefore you get the refund. They are 
also looking at zero or no CapEx, no upfront spending. So that's really 
needs to be part of the deal. So that's th e benefit. And then the 
differentiation comes in operations specifically which touches their 
members, providers, external stakeholders directly and that's why it's not 
discretionary is that they do not want a black box outsourcing model. 
 So a lot of part that builds is really the trust and that comes through 
incumbency. That comes through a very strong delivery track record that 
we have these clients. So typically most of our managed services 
proposals that have gone in and where we have signed up or we are going 
to sign now in next maybe months to quarters are really with the existing 
customers. And that's the benefit that you will see from the client 
outcomes. 
 On our side, like we said, is a scope 70 plus percent scope which was 
previously not available to us. It was retained by the client. That becomes 
open to us because managed services always end-to-end. So we will take 
the entire enterprise volume and do an end-to-end managed service. That 
comes in and most of the scope issues not coming to us was onshore. 
 Obviously at a higher per FTE cost rate and therefore the automation has 
much higher benefits there. ROI is much higher there. So that's part you 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
 
Page | 19  
will see from that part of it. We get the control on automation projects. So 
far we have been working with the client in partnerships and we go and 
give some suggestions and we provide the automation. Their IT team will 
come in best efforts basis. They wil l go deploy the automation in the 
production environment and then it will take another three to six months 
before value is realised. 
 But here in this case, as part of the contractual agreements, we have 
secured control over the automation projects including that with the Gen 
AI. So that's the second part that is good for us. And this breaks the 
linearity. There is no discussion now on t ransactions or FTEs. This is 
actually getting into base fee and ARCs and Rooks are more aligned with 
their revenue which is membership. So if you acquire more membership, 
we get more revenue. If you lose membership of course, still a floor. We 
are willing to let go of some part of the revenue because that's how this 
entire model works. 
 So this is a very powerful one and I have a live example of one of the scope 
which I will cover in the next slide. Coming further, now we are talking of 
getting into the mid-market. We have some clients. These are the clients 
and I think there was a questi on on payers are usually the businesses 
aggregated at top with the payers and then provider is not completely 
fragmented and disaggregated business like I think you brought that up. 
 Even in the payer side, if you leave out the top 10 payers, the subscale 
payers have tough time competing in the market. And that's because not 
the cost of operation, which is still fairly linear, it's cost of underlying 
technology. That's where they are l ooking at partners who can come in, 
who can bundle in technology and give a Synchrony, what we call it as an 
AI led solution, but it also brings in platforms so that data is not in five 
different platforms and there is lot of M&A activity which happens in those 
smaller plants. So it's that they have three plans which have come 
together and now three different claims platforms. So how do you 
address that? So that's where our Synchrony services come in. 
 Where we are coming not just for the operations but including the tech 
platforms underneath it. Some models may not require us to own the 
licenses. Clients can own the license, but we still have the IT production 
support, IT support everything is part of our offering. What's the other 
value from the client  point of the area? Speed to Value. When client like 
that which is stretched for resources, they will take years to implement or 
integrated multiple platforms. 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
 
Page | 20  
 When we do it, we are going to convert those years to less than a year, 
nine months, 10 months and platform is alive. ROI is much faster, much 
better, realise that's something which comes in. And then what we are 
doing is the biggest cost is really technol ogy and technology is really 
upkeep and making it compliant. Your CMS changes, Interop came in, No 
Surprises Act came in, pricing transparency came in. 
 I mean how many IT technology are you going to keep on adding in every 
module, every platform. It's extremely difficult. But we do it on our 
platforms. It serves three clients, four clients, five clients, shared service. 
So that's something which we can deliver for these people and it becomes 
the platform becomes future proofing for these clients. 
 And if you see that those are the client benefits, very similar benefits for 
us. We get higher penetration in the market with a higher wallet share. 
Because now we are not just talking of offshore claims processing, we are 
talking of claims, conflict, claims payments, provider data management, 
provider calls everything put together is one bundle. EDI, file exchanges, 
IT production support everything is part of that one Synchrony Claims 
Lifecycle the way we call it. It is all covered in one process. 
 We take end -to-end, we deliver it. So that's where you get the first two 
bullets of our penetration in mid -market and high wallet share with the 
same customers and it's a very sticky model. Like I said is that if you see 
the M&A activities which have happe ned so many plans came with 
Medicare and the moment the reimbursement rate dropped, increase 
dropped, they have either shutdown, they are not in the Medicare market 
anymore or they got bought by a larger plan. And we have ourselves lost 
business. I mean w e lost a care management business in a similar plan 
because they got acquired by a larger plan. 
 But when you have a platform-based business, the acquirer cannot 
change the platform overnight. So it basically gives you a sticky five, 
seven-year kind of contract. So that's the other part of benefit that we get 
out of the Synchrony Lifecycle Operations. 
 And lastly with the MLR becoming such a big problem. A lot of growth has 
happened in the MLR. You probably would have heard not from us but 
from even others is that clinical business is actually growing faster than 
the rest. And the reason is simple that i f your medical cost is going up 
something has to be done. There are other actions of renegotiating 
provider contracts etc or changing the benefits, making more cost share 
go to the member that insurance company doesn't have the 100% liability 
of those cla ims. So those are adjustments on your benefit products 
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
 
Page | 21  
provider contracts, but a lot is about how can you change your health of 
the population. 
 So they are not consuming high cost expensive items in your healthcare 
and therefore get the benefits. MLR reduction services, we differentiate 
from managed services. Look if somebody gave me a UM process saying 
that it's a 6 million process, can you run i t in 5 million. It's a managed 
services. But when we are talking of a 6 million spend and the plan is 
saying is that I am getting a medical cost impact of 18 million, can this 
become 30 million. 
 So then the discussion is no longer of 6 million versus 5 million. It's a 
question what is a medical cost, what is a medical impact. So that is what 
we are focusing on that and Krithika will cover actually with the journey of 
a member patient you can call it and how it works in MLR reduction part 
of this one. So that's the three areas that you will see us focusing on and 
we have some early wins in these areas. We have some good pipeline. 
 We have tested these offerings. All of them the lynchpin, the bedrock for 
this is very strong delivery which is still our strength and a very strong 
domain led technology that is again our strength which are the part which 
goes inside these offerings. I ha ve one, one slide each one for these 
before we get into individual cases and we will drill down deeper. So next 
slide is really one of the constructs. It is close to the numbers that we have 
negotiated. 
 Now this is a process which is costing 25 million to the client. It is a single 
LOB or one of the LOBs doesn't have the member lifecycle. It does not get 
into enrolment and that side of this house. But this is only claims with 
some provider lifecycle. So p rovider data management the claims calls 
that come in because of the provider claims etc is this one. 
 Like I said we normally talk of 6 million is our revenue for last eight -10 
years. Give or take with membership increase which happens because of 
population and automation benefits that go like Ramesh said that it goes 
back to the customer. It has been stable around that. Maybe it will reduce 
for Gen AI because the productivity will be higher than the membership 
growth that we will get. 
 But it's 6 million there but you see the pie we don't have. 13.5 is retained 
with just about 15%, 20% members who are so called the restricted 
groups which cannot be offshored. So the processing happens onshore 
client retains it. There are a couple of other vendors in the 5.5 million. But 
===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
 
Page | 22  
when you're doing a full end-to-end because any Gen AI deployment, any 
such deployment is an enterprise level. 
 When the client did their ROI mapping and everything they said, we can 
reduce this and give you 5 million starting day one. Okay. Because we are 
using the same technology that the client allowed us to do. So our 
technology team is at parity with theirs. Th ey have other priorities. They 
have other projects. By the time they come and do this, it's going to take 
them time. They will take them longer. We can shorten that cycle and give 
them the benefit from day one and do a five year deal. 
 So think from our perspective 6 million possibly declining now becomes 
instead of 30 million over five year or less. Now is a 100 million for us. So 
that's a 3.5x growth for us in terms of revenue. And from the client point 
of view it's no brainer. Okay. 
 It's not your risk not your investment. The party that you have done is 
already doing most of your volume which is us. The delivery is working 
better than anybody else who can deliver. And that's how we are getting 
this kind of a business. It has a direct impact on our revenue margins and 
from the client point of view upfront savings. So that's really the kind of 
benefit that a managed services model that. This slide is a little bit busy. 
I'll not get into lot of this one. Just to explain that the multiple  causes of 
medical cost increase. That's inevitable. 
 Okay, you have GLP drugs, you have high consumption on behavioural 
health, you have an elderly population, you have a backlash that we have 
seen in the market against claims denial or authorisation denial for 
services. So, all that points to things happeni ng where medical cost will 
increase. The way to contain that cost is to have your members take the 
preventative care in advance and you cannot go chase every member. So 
how do you identify the right membership chase them and between the 
two sides, one is control the utilisation so that you don't have the waste. 
That is one part of the offering which is very important. 
 The other side is make your population healthy. So that and it kind of feeds 
together into each other and that's what we have developed using our AI 
framework and analytics framework and that's what's giving us and when 
Krithika comes in, she'll take a pat ient journey and show you how this 
works and how we had not done the intervention, what was the impact? 
So that's really from and to situation that we have mapped out and shown 
this one. 
===== PDF PAGE 24 =====
 
Page | 23  
 All the discussion then no longer happens on I'm spending $10 million on 
my Care Management and I have to  bring it down to $9 million. Fine you 
can bring that down. But is the $10 million giving you $15 million impact 
or is that giving you $30 million impact. There the difference is $20 million, 
not $1 million worth of saving. So, when we are having discussions in MLR 
Reduction it's about the impact rather than just getting 10% saving on a 
given process like a managed services model. 
 So, this is a very powerful model that will get into. In many cases, what we 
have started finding now is that clients are actually adding the cost to 
come with new programs in Care Management, because it's likely to have 
3x, 4x, 5x ROI, and we are the ones  who will be running those programs. 
So, it's a new market for us. So that's where we are saying is that market 
is actually expanding for us including AI platforms and not reducing. So, 
that's a very different statement that you will hear from us compared  to 
many other vendors. 
 If we go to the next slide and get into the Synchrony services. You will find 
that we have put together a series of services that are there in terms of a 
Payer life cycle that we had put in as the first slide. Now in this Synchrony 
services, enrolment and billing is one part of the membership life cycle. 
Complex enrolments are in Medicare and ACA plan. So, we have fully 
flesh out Medicare ACAs under this one. When Sri comes in, he will talk 
about a Medicare life cycle under the enrolment building. 
 We have Claims Life Cycle. The previous slide where I showed the 
managed services that was a managed services for claims, but we are in 
discussion on a Synchrony where we are bringing in our platform with a 
partner for the Claims Lifecycle. Utilisation Man agement again we have 
couple of very strong partners and right now we are I think Krithika will 
probably have the right numbers 21 identified plans where our Synchrony 
Utilisation Management with the partners is being targeted for. And these 
are mid-market. Mid-market I will define as less than a million members. 
These are not very small, but they are still smaller than the plans that we 
typically handle today. 
 SmartStep Aging in Place is our award -winning platform-based service. 
Long-term careers are already using this. So far, it's been used by long -
term insurance companies primarily because their objective is not to 
have a higher percentage of their members go  and use long -term care 
facility because it costs them money. So, they have been using it. But now 
it's come as part of offering of that you can do post -acute care and keep 
the member at home and well at home, taking care at home so that the 
member does n ot go back to some skilled nursing home facility where 
===== PDF PAGE 25 =====
 
Page | 24  
again there is big spending for the health plan. So, you will find those kinds 
of solutions which have direct impact to outcomes of our customers. And 
therefore, they are willing to pay us our right share of revenue and 
margins. And none of these are linke d to actual transactions or FTEs or 
something like this, because these are all outcomes. 
 And these are customers who are tested with, or we already have a strong 
revenue coming from them already. PI services, again, it's a platform -
based service. Ramesh pointed out that we can look into the old 
contracts and come back with that where the clien t or payer client 
overpaid and therefore there is recovery. We recover that money and we 
get contingency based payments for it. So again, it's contingency based 
model. There's no FTE based linearity. AI driven, all the contract loading 
etc. I think somebody asked about internal use of AI. These platforms are 
not being sold to the customer. So, all efficiency that we have to load 
hundreds and thousands of contracts and thousands of fee schedules is 
all Gen AI driven.  
 So, it all brings everything together and we get much faster results on our 
PI than most of our competitors, and therefore it improves our margin and 
revenue, because the faster you recover that's your revenue. So that's 
something that you will find. 
 A&G is something that you will probably see in our technology demo on 
appeals on how it's completely been. Wherever we can automate 
components of appeal of course there is human in the loop. That's again 
part of the solution that you will see there. 
 RCM is in the provider side that's the offering that's again platform based. 
So, all these are AI driven with an underlying platform that we have, or we 
bring in with our partners. The client doesn't have to pay for platform. 
Client doesn't need to pay for our FTEs. Clients are actually paying us for 
outcomes. So that's really the kind of positioning that you will have with 
each of the Synchrony services, which differentiates us, which also 
breaks the linearity with the number of FTEs or transactions or an y of 
these models. And Gen AI here is our friend. So, think like that. So, it's 
basically enabling us to compete in the market, grab market share and 
really improve our margins. That's really the three objectives the way I'll 
put out of the use of AI when it comes to our business. 
 So this is where I just wanted to leave that these are the three kinds of 
offerings which are all outcome based, all Gen AI based and if you now go 
back to the questions that were there, you will understand that Gen AI is 
===== PDF PAGE 26 =====
 
Page | 25  
actually what we are leveraging to grow our business, grow our margins 
by giving even higher impact and higher ROI to our customers. 
 We completely understand if you don't do anything what the expectation 
is that your revenue is going to drop. Some business will get pulled back, 
because the client has already automated much faster. All those things 
will happen. But it will not happen if you have these outcome -based 
services which are actually giving ROI and speed to value which is better 
than what most of the plans can do themselves internally. So, I will leave 
it that. 
 The next two sessions will get into the core admin side which is the payer-
provider synergy that will be with Sri. After that the clinical portion which 
Krithika will explain clinical gets a little bit too technical. So, we are trying 
to take it through a member patient journey in terms of without generative 
AI based solutions that we had, what was happening, how we improve the 
UM experience, which is to avoid the waste and get the right service 
authorised for the patient. 
 And then the next phase was how post service, how we can take care of 
the same patient with our same Gen AI -based platform services and 
ensure that you do not have readmissions, you do not have problems of 
somebody cannot get taken care of after a surgery at home and therefore 
has to go back to some nursing facility. So, all that you will hear through a 
patient journey and these are I mean of course in all HIPAA and masking 
our customer data we kind of taken the information from there and 
created a journey map for that. 
 So, hopefully, in this session we could convey what is happening in the 
market and how our offerings and the growth numbers that you have seen 
this year which will continue in the later on years. How that is getting 
delivered using our domain expertise and technology. 
 Okay, I also have about six minutes, maybe one or two questions I can 
take, and then we will move to Sri. 
Shreesti Rastogi: Hi, this is  Shreesti here from Canara Robeco AMC. Just wanted to 
understand on the managed services piece and we spoke about how from 
$6 million we became a $20 million deal. Did not understand exactly what 
happened because we said that 13.5 million is unrestricted. S o, from 
unrestricted to actually getting awarded to us, it was difficult to 
comprehend. That was one. 
 Secondly, when we speak about AI life cycles and managed services 
deals that we are now incrementally working on. So first of all, what 
===== PDF PAGE 27 =====
 
Page | 26  
percentage is these in terms of revenue and how does it help us in terms 
of protecting our existing business? If you could quantify that that would 
be more helpful for us to understand. 
Roopam Narayan: Okay. So, let's go with the first one. First of all, the premise is Gen AI is 
across the board. It can do restricted as well as non-restricted business, 
right. So, it doesn't matter to Gen AI agents. Autonomous agents can 
handle restricted business and no n-restricted. So, when you are 
deploying Gen AI solutions, let's say I am just giving an example of claims 
match with provider data, which is causing all the paints and you have to 
resolve this. It's a Gen AI solution from us which is going to do that. That 
works in the restricted business, it works in the business that we have, it 
works in the business that other vendors also have the volume. 
 But for us to bring our technology and give it their two methods either we 
go sell the technology, charge per transaction to the customer that's 
another method or there is something like that which is a traditional 
model. The other is which we ask the clie nt that give us your entire 
onshore, your other vendors business and our business, anyway we have 
it, okay. You can stay out of it. Now you don't have to pay for any of that, 
because we are deploying our technology. We are deploying Gen AI 
agents. We are automating. And therefore, the entire revenue. So out of 
the 20 million we have onshore resources. So, the fallouts after Gen AI is 
still being managed by us. But it will be our agents not the clients’ agents. 
 So, let's say because Gen AI agents will become our resources not the 
client. So, client does not have any resources after this. It's all Sagility 
resources who are working on the system, okay. So, I hope you got that 
that how that business has come to us. Onshore offshore, okay. So, when 
it gets restricted for onshore, so traditional methods now you also if you 
go back to the history the way Ramesh was explaining. There is no value 
for onshore business to be outsourced because there is no labour 
arbitrage there. 
 So, if you see most of the large plans and outsourcing the onshore 
business has not been outsourced. This method allows us to take the 
onshore business put the entire end -to-end cost. Put Gen AI on top of it 
and deliver value for it. Good question. I hope this was a good clarification 
on how that $6 million became $20 million for us, okay. 
 Your second question. I'm sorry, can you repeat that one? 
Shreesti Rastogi: Yeah, I mean, this is my understanding, but what we are talking right now 
is what we are doing right now to protect our revenue stream, right? 
===== PDF PAGE 28 =====
 
Page | 27  
Managed Services, Synchrony, AI this is not what we're doing historically. 
So just the question is that what percentage of revenue or deals are like 
because of this that is one? And secondly how is this helping us in 
protecting our existing revenue if you can quantify that? 
Roopam Narayan: So, let me once again and I think Ramesh covered this in his talk also is 
we'll not call it protecting the revenue. There is no protection of revenue 
against Gen AI. It will erode. Automation will always erode the revenue. 
The solution to that is what can  we do using Gen AI which can give our 
clients higher value than what they can do internally with Gen AI and then 
comes these kind of constructs. 
 And your point is extremely important, because most of the plants are 
themselves under pressure right now. They don't have CapEx dollars. 
They don't have lot of investment. So, they are looking at vendors who will 
bring investment and deliver outcomes for next few years. So, we are in 
the right place there. We are the incumbent. We have shown this one. We 
have strong deliveries from technology. We are willing to take that risk, 
and we are willing to follow their technology guardrails, because 
everything that we are doing is following the client technology guardrails 
and we are giving the solution based on that. 
 So, from all aspects at UCB we have covered, the risk mitigation plans. 
We've covered their technology risk mitigation plans. We have covered 
their technology risk come with a financial model that works for them in 
the year when they need the savings. They need it now, okay. And we are 
no different from what they would have done anyway with their own 
technology teams in terms of bringing Gen AI and other things. So that's 
the part of it. 
 So, I'll say is that the thought process is not about protecting the revenue, 
it's about growing the revenue using Gen AI. I mean that's the way I'll put 
it. Protect the revenue would have been that if we didn't do anything how 
do I protect and how do I ma ke sure that my volume does not get 
impacted by Gen AI, we are not in that business. I mean we all for creating 
more efficiency for our clients and faster. And it's all about giving or 
showing the impact and delivering the impact which will be better than  
any other vendor or even their own internal teams and therefore 
demanding that we get the higher share of business. 
Participant: So, historically, when the IT companies used to take the in -house 
business from the customer, they used to take the resources also from 
the customer, that their manpower will go to the IT company and then 
efficiency again will come to the IT companies. Wh en we are offering 
===== PDF PAGE 29 =====
 
Page | 28  
these services to the client, are we saying give us your manpower also, 
we'll take end -to-end solution for you and we will take care of your 
manpower also. How we use them? Efficiency will be on us. Is that how 
we are working? 
Roopam Narayan: That's deal specific. It's not we are against it. It's not that we are for it. So 
let me just put it this way, rebadging of resources is always on the cards. 
But it's not the driver for this. Driver is Gen AI, driver is productivity. And 
we don't actually  need because we are doing the same work from 
offshore. So, we don't have a gap. So many times, IT companies do it, 
because and we may have to do that if we went for a completely unknown 
business. There's no transition, so how do I go and ru n this. So then 
rebadging becomes a necessity. 
 In our case and specifically in the case I am rebadging is not a necessity. 
But it's at the same time it's an optional service. Obviously we're open to 
that but we're not forced to, because we have gaps in delivery or 
something like that. We don't have such situations here. I think I'll have to 
move because our time is up, but if there is something you raise the hand. 
Okay and your question please. Yeah. 
Participant: Hi, I just wanted to know how does your client evaluate you versus the 
other companies who are also doing something similar? How do they 
evaluate the cost benefit what you are providing versus what any other 
competitor will provide and how do they ensure that efficacy of the tools 
are working? 
Roopam Narayan: Both these questions will take it in the Q&A, and they are similar from the 
ROI and competitive positioning point of view. So, we will take it from 
there. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Srikanth L: Hi, Srikanth, part of the practice organisation. I manage the core admin 
side of the work. Personal safe harbour statement, we might get a little 
too technical, especially me and my colleague Krithika when she comes 
in. So please in case if there are any clarification, happy to do that a little 
later. 
 So, what I am going to cover, I think Roopam and Ramesh talked about 
the different constructs of what we are doing in terms of adding value to 
your client. My focus would be on the Managed Services portion that 
Roopam talked about and the Synchrony services and taking examples of 
how will we do and how do we deliver this. We will talk about some 
examples, will talk about some of the solutions so that you are able to see 
that. 
===== PDF PAGE 30 =====
 
Page | 29  
 Okay, first example of complexity of the problem that we have. Typically, 
if you look at a payer and a provider journey, it's very, very siloed. So, you 
have different organisations within the provider teams who are talking to 
the payer organisations and different departments. It could be right from 
contracting, there is a separate entity which deals with all the documents, 
manages the relationship with the payer organisation. If you are looking 
at somebody on the claims side that's a separate team. 
 Even in the payer side or in the provider side these two entities have 
different systems, these two entities have different SOPs, these two 
entities have different guidelines. Normally, they don't talk to each other. 
The advantage we have is that with all the work that we have done over 
the last 25 years we understand each and every bit of these lines of 
businesses for both on the payer side, as well as looking at from a provider 
perspective also as to, hey, why are the friction points happening. 
 Industry research shows that the payer and the provider friction points are 
costing close to around 40 billion worth of rework, repeat calls, repeat 
transaction, repeat claim submission which is impacting the overall 
administrative cost of a payer or a provider organisation. For example, if a 
claim needs to be paid accurately you want to make sure that your 
contracting details that need to be provided are very accurate. If you don't 
do that upstream if you have any mistake on the contracting side, it 
impacts all the downstream problems that you face in either claims or 
appeals or Care Management and so on. That is the complexity. 
 You were asking about, I think it was your question. What are the 
examples of where we think it's lot more difficult. It is difficult but that's 
also the opportunity. What's the opportunity historically what we did with 
some of our clients is we looked at impacting all the process 
improvement opportunities or point solutions which are there in these 
two boxes that I'm showing here. All those were hey we will do point 
solutions for contracting. We will do point solutions for claims. We will 
give efficiency of say 10% to 15% on the claims volume of work that we 
are doing. We will save another 5% because we are doing contracting 
work that is how traditionally we went about doing all the value addition 
and the value delivery that we did historically. 
 Fast forward now, what this has meant is for some of our mid -market 
clients etc where they have not been able to bring this all together 
because of our domain expertise, because of we having the view of all the 
different levers that needs to be brought in to make sure that we are able 
to give the end-to-end value, we have been able to save a lot more higher 
value dollars for our clients and we also have proof points. 
===== PDF PAGE 31 =====
 
Page | 30  
 One more example I will take is for the same client that Roopam talked 
about previously where about the 6 million to 20 billion. Around 18 
months back I think there was one more question how do the client see 
our value delivery compared to the others. For that particular client the 
client said that hey Sagility, we have a problem of looking at end -to-end 
processes. We don't have a view. Why don't you become the convener 
and create the innovation forum of bringing all the different other vendor 
partners of ours and make sure that you drive that innovation. 
 And that innovation idea that included many of our competitors, we were 
the convener, we were the champion of bringing all those solutions 
together. We did the entire mapping similar exercise looked at what are 
the value drivers, what are the important asp ects that needs to be done, 
and we created an overall enterprise pipeline of projects worth close to 
around 45 million. And in that we drove some of the changes in terms of 
hey, what are the automation opportunities, what are the process 
reengineering opp ortunities. That's how we have been able to look at 
opportunity and drive value. 
 So in most cases the clients come to us and say you are the domain 
expert, you know contracting all the way to care management, you also 
have the provider view, how are you able to bring this all together and 
that's a common question and this enterprise tr ansformation is 
framework that we created is an answer to what our clients really wanted. 
 Even for larger clients if you just take the example that Roopam showed 
about the 6 million going to 20 million where the transformation saving is 
$5 million. And that is transformation becomes the key focus area on the 
managed services side. What are the different levers? We have built point 
solutions which are core which requires domain knowledge. I'll just take 
probably a couple of examples right.  
 The last one which says command centre for late payment interest. Today 
for one of the clients a claim needs to be paid based on local state 
guidelines within 30 days or within 25 days. If the claim does not get paid 
on time, then it incurs interest. For s ome of our clients the interest that 
they pay out of the claim, the leakage is close to around 50 million, 40 
million, 30 million over the last three -four years. So we created an 
Appeals Command Centre. This is based on identifying pure 
opportunities based on our domain expertise. 
 Create process mining, create analytics framework to make sure that we 
know what are the bottlenecks, where are the claims getting stuck, why is 
it not getting processed, what are the challenges because of the platform 
===== PDF PAGE 32 =====
 
Page | 31  
where the platform is not doing what it is supposed to do? It is not that the 
tech is not there, but it was not doing the work it was supposed to do. So, 
what needs to be done to trigger auto adjudication process higher? 
 We created that command centre, we looked at creating charters then 
brought in the automation led by Agentic AI to say hey these are areas 
where there are high bottlenecks, let's automate these which will reduce 
your exposure to these claims not getting pr ocessed on time which is 
thereby which you are reducing the late claim interest. For that particular 
use case for 2025, we saved close to around $15 million of late claim 
payment interest. 
 This is not an invoice reduction as Ramesh was explaining, not all value 
delivery is invoice reduction. This is the leakage that they were 
experiencing at an enterprise level. We have been able to reduce $15 
million worth of saving based on the command cen tre on the late claim 
interest. Today we have taken that command centre on late claim interest 
to looking at appeals and say how do we solve for appeal? 
 Like that we have created multiple point solutions for some of the mid -
market clients where their technology is not very robust and they have not 
matured and they don't have ability to change the platform in the 
managed services construct, these point solu tion becomes the value 
drivers for us to say hey if you are saving $5 million, where does that saving 
come from? It comes from these assets that we have created.  
 The layer below on the tech and AI led side, the technology team will 
spend a lot more time, so I'm not going to go into some of these areas that 
we are going to cover. But the other thing that I want to also call out is even 
before the Agentic AI what you call last one year of Agentic AI discussions 
that has been happening. Some of the value that we have given to our 
clients over the last four, five years has been very high. Say one of the 
Medicare national plans, our admin cost reduction has been close t o 
around $11.5 million for last year. 
 Of this only 10% to 12% are probably invoice reduction. Most of it is 
enterprise transformation where we have looked at their overall 
administrative cost, internal other vendors and us put together and how 
have we been able to drive that admin cost reducti on. In this case there 
was automation effort, there was what they called as a shift left strategy. 
A little technical but I'll explain a lot of the work that happens on payment 
integrity is as a result of things that could have been fixed upstream in the 
claims area. So, we looked at an opportunity of pure processor 
engineering. 
===== PDF PAGE 33 =====
 
Page | 32  
 It may not have be completely tech led or Gen AI. This was about looking 
at opportunity mapping the process using our domain expertise over the 
last 25 years we have been doing claims and we shifted all those and say 
hey what are the gaps that needs to be addressed, what are the changes 
that needs to be done in the platform and that project alone saved close 
to around $4.5 million which is part of this $11.4 million. 
 Another example is close to around $5 million benefit on this I talked 
about the example of the late claim interest. For a blue plan another cost 
avoidance project. So, this is something that we have been doing. The 
clients see that we have given these values and Roopam talked about our 
strong relationship and they have seen the domain expertise shine 
through with some of the projects that we have been able to do and that's 
how we have been able to go to our existing clients as well as prospective 
clients and say hey these are the use cases. This is how we drive the value. 
This is how we use the transformation levers in the managed services 
construct and make sure that we are able to pass on the savings to them. 
So that is how whatever the construct that yo u saw in the previous slide, 
how do we bring it to reality in terms of saving is all these levers and you 
will see the clinical side of it and the MLR side of it from Krithika's 
presentation.  
 Next I'll show one more demo. Next is about a demo and this is about 
HealthBridge Connect. I'll give a little bit of a context here. While we are 
looking at Gen AI close to 30%, 40% of our clients’ processes are very 
clunky still. They don't even have a digital platform. Forget Gen AI. So, we 
are also creating assets to say hey, what do we do for our clients in their 
journey of Gen AI how do we prep them. 
 There are some clients who say that hey I don't have portal where I can 
take bulk requests from providers to take care of their claims. That is a 
very big problem because my team is spending a lot of time taking these 
bulk requests. There is no portal. There are portals but it can't handle the 
volume at one single time. So now we created a portal which is 
HealthBridge Connect. Using this digital channel now we have made the 
process Agentic enabled. 
 Now we are able to use that intake channel, take all the requests from 
different providers, take the bulk request, have a different source then 
what happens with this is you will still have an Agentic process which will 
automate all these transactions but you still have also a digital portal 
which will make sure that whatever that fallout is which was earlier 
otherwise would become a call or it will otherwise become a claim you 
are able to manage that using a digital portal. 
===== PDF PAGE 34 =====
 
Page | 33  
 So that is the example that we are going to show in the next video. If you 
can go to the video about the HealthBridge Connect we can see what the 
power of that is. 
 Video Presentation Starts 
 I think one of the other questions that came about is, hey, how do we 
leverage what we do on the provider side? This entire workflow and the 
digital platform was created because we work on the provider side. We 
know what are the reasons and why they contact the provider, send those 
transactions, what are the fallouts, what doesn't get paid correctly on 
time and how do we make sure that we are able to mitigate that. 
 So, our payers appreciate the fact that we have this end -to-end view of 
the provider side as well. So if you look at the core admin side, 80% of the 
cost is driven by how the payer and the provider interact through all the 
different channels, claim submiss ion, faxes, emails, chats, you name it 
right, all those and a single transaction from a payer and a provider across 
different channels on an average cost around $8 to $10. 
 By making alternate digital channels available and then fast forward then 
you make it agentic enabled means it's ready for agentic deployment you 
can reduce the cost by say close to 60%, 70%. And again, you are taking 
the enterprise volume and not just our wallet share of the volume that the 
client is giving and you are able to use these kind of point solutions in your 
managed services construct. So, when we say that, hey, we will be able 
to save 30% of your overall admin cost, these are the proof points a nd 
these are the solutions that we use to make sure that we are successful 
in those constructs. 
 Move from Managed Services to Synchrony. Managed Services point 
solutions the ability for you to impact in terms of the value is still dollars 
in terms of 15%, 20% incremental savings because you are still working 
on the client’s platform. You are still reliant on, they don't have the IT 
budget, they don't want to change the platform, you are still working, you 
are bringing AI on top of wherever you can to make sure and optimise the 
process and provide the saving. 
 In Synchrony you are bringing platform into play. I think Roopam talked 
about, this enables us to it becomes a force multiplier, right. Again, 
targeted to some of our clients and we acquired BroadPath last year. One 
of the things that we acquired as a capa bility was our member 
acquisition. Sagility historically was not in that space so we acquired 
member acquisition especially on the Medicare side. 
===== PDF PAGE 35 =====
 
Page | 34  
 Using that experience of what we acquired through BroadPath on the 
member acquisition, we looked at the lifecycle on the Medicare 
Advantage from member acquisition, enrolment and premium 
collections and billing. During this entire member enrolment cycle, which 
is very high during the peak season from November to say January, 
February where you have a lot of volume of work that increases. How are 
you able to help your mid-market clients to bring this all together? 
 Today they go to different partners, they have some amount of leverage in 
terms of bringing these technology solutions and some of these 
processes are still manual. There is a lot of regulatory requirements also. 
You have to make sure that you are submitti ng all these records once a 
member's plan is built to make sure that the enrolment kicks in. You want 
to make sure that you test the benefits that have been brought in are 
tested so that the member's benefit is correctly reflected for the claim’s 
payment. 
 We bring all these together some of the partner solution build bring in the 
AI layer on top of it to make sure that for a client when we say, hey, we will 
do the synchrony the cost savings is much more than what they would 
have gone with point solutions. That's one example of how we have used 
on the Medicare Advantage side a Synchrony solution. Here we have 
partnered with two, one on the member enrolment side where they bring 
their enrolment platform Benefit one and then on the billing and 
collections area and then our own member acquisition which is on the 
services side that we have always been doing using the BroadPath 
experience. 
 Today this is something that we have launched as a productised offering 
and we are ready for next open enrolment which is the next season 
coming up in 2026. We are already working on a go -to-market plan in 
terms of, hey, what are the different Medicare Adv antage plan in our 
existing portfolio that we have, where we just or not just focusing on the 
member acquisition space. Historically that's what we did. Now we can 
offer an end-to-end solution through the Synchrony solution. 
 So one, faster value for our clients in terms of immediate savings. We are 
able to  bring this all together and we have for the client Sagility 
orchestrates this entire solution together and also stickiness where we 
are not just looking at services, but we are also bringing the platform 
which increases the stickiness where they will not be able to change the 
platform for a short-term basis. 
===== PDF PAGE 36 =====
 
Page | 35  
 So that's one of the examples of the Synchrony solutions. Similarly, 
Roopam talked about Synchrony using capability on the claim side. You 
are looking at Synchrony for the appeals and grievances process. So this 
is how whatever capabilities we have, we bri ng the agentic layer, 
orchestrate it, use our domain expertise to say, hey, what are the 
opportunities where things are not working, how do you reengineer the 
process, bring the technology platforms and thereby commit to the 
savings that we are providing to our clients. 
 So, two examples, one on the managed services side, one on the 
synchrony side. I will pause couple of questions if at all. I don't mind, 
thanks.  
Participant: Are we going to the path which PBM had gone 10, 15, 20 years back? 
Srikanth L: This is not necessarily PBM per se. This is even today we structure plans 
whenever a plan is getting sold if it is mid -market or if it is Medicare 
Advantage. On the services side we construct plans, test it out etc. But 
we did not have a platform which wi ll take it and say, hey, where do you 
build a plan on and how will the benefit structure look like based on the 
enrolment. That is what we are bringing with the platform. The services 
was something that we were already doing. So now we are looki ng at the 
platform to bring in and looking at both the services as well as the 
technology platform together. 
Participant: In previous slide you mentioned about the cost saving effort which you 
showed to your client. So just want to understand the cost saving is 
mainly a function of elimination of repetitive task from the client 
ecosystem and showing them the benefit or it's structural challenges 
which they are facing in the operation? 
Srikanth L: It's a combination of both. Structural challenges, if you look at all these 
costs, most of it is structural challenges. Repetitive task is the admin 
portion where the invoice reduction I said were out of this 11 million 
probably some of the repeated tasks  where we are automating and 
ensuring that it gets automated that will be the repetitive task portion. But 
most of it will be at an enterprise level where you are looking at leakages 
that they were having because some of the volume that was being driven 
by either the platform not doing what it is supposed to do with a claim 
engine or if the process was broken, because you had an enrolment team 
looking at a different set of SOP versus a claims team looking at a different 
set of SOP which were not talking to each other, so we bring in our domain 
expertise. 
===== PDF PAGE 37 =====
 
Page | 36  
 So those would be the larger ones which contribute to these savings 
rather than just the repetitive task of RPA. That number in the past used 
to be higher, but since we ourselves have automated quite a bit of these 
processes, those repetitive tasks using RPA etc have reduced. Now it has 
become a lot larger in terms of how we are really looking at cost avoidance 
for our clients that they are incurring. 
Participant: Let's say client rollout AI internally to find the leakage in their process, 
then what going to be impact on this? 
Srikanth L: Today we are doing that for some of our clients where we have identified 
leakages for the clients based on how as I was explaining where we were 
the innovation leaders for one of the clients. That's exactly the exercise 
where they use us to say, hey, this is you know our process better. You tell 
us where are the leakages. Wherever there are AI infused technology that 
we can bring in, we say, hey, a claim assist solution requires AI, this is the 
agentic framework, let's deploy. Then we go to the next level of saying 
from a pure identifying that opportunity go into deploying those claim 
assist solution using agentic AI. 
 But if the client has already identified a project and identified an AI led 
solution that they want to deploy, they still come to us and we become a 
subject matter experts in terms of helping them identify which are the 
areas where the time to value is muc h more faster because they don't 
know the process as much as we know. So, they come to us and say, hey, 
what are the different levers? Is this a particular candidate which will give 
you 5% saving, 20% saving? Those are conversations we have as well if at 
all they have their in-house projects that they are driving. They use us for 
those subject matter expertise. 
Participant: One question, what would be the share of managed services and 
Synchrony to the revenue today? 
Srikanth L: Maybe that can be answered in the Q&A session. 
Participant: So we talk of these numbers, 11.45 and 4.5. If you can give us a reference 
to what it means to the overall contract size or the overall savings and 
what is the scalable up to that probably give a better idea what the extent 
of the benefit is actually. 
Srikanth L: I'll give an example, that's why it's a little tricky also. Not all these $11.4 
million saving comes from our contract with them. If we might be doing a 
work of say $25 million worth of book of business. In that 11.4 million does 
not mean that all of that  was our value because we deployed all these 
solutions at an enterprise level. That's the main premise of the managed 
===== PDF PAGE 38 =====
 
Page | 37  
services. The entire transformation is at an enterprise level, so it is our 
volume, it is the client's own volume, it is some other vendor's volume. So 
that's how the construct is. It is not just about arc, so generally whatever 
we say if on the managed se rvices side if at all you are looking at the 
example that Roopam talked about, we have committed to a saving of 
around 5 million over 20 million that's typically a percentage that we look 
at, because some of these are point solutions that we bring, whereas  in 
Synchrony it's a lot more higher. 
 Okay, I think we break for tea or coffee. Thank you. 
Dhaivat Mehta: We'll come back to the hall by 4:25 p.m. so that we can start the session 
on time. Thank you. 
[Tea Break] 
Dhaivat Mehta: Hey, everyone. I hope everyone's had a good cup of coffee and tea. We 
want to make sure that we stick to our scheduled time. So I request 
everyone in the room to please take their seats. Gentlemen at the back, if 
I can have your attention, please. Gentleme n at the back. And I request 
my colleagues outside to please help usher our delegates in the room. 
 Gentlemen at the back. Hi, yes, thank you. We have a wonderful session 
coming up with Krithika who will talk all about Clinical. And Krithika you 
have the pleasure of the after-tea session. So, no pressure there. Can I 
request our friends to please have a seat? And CDR team, can we also 
request them to please help usher everyone inside? We'll have lots of 
chance for more conversations over dinner. Okay, Ashwini, most of our 
delegates are inside. Okay. 
 Krithika, over to you. 
Krithika Srivats: Good afternoon. Can everyone hear me? They can’t hear me. They can? 
Now you can hear me? In the back? Excellent! Good afternoon! My name 
is Krithika Srivats, I lead the Clinical Practice. My colleague Sri told me 
that I can't be too technical and so I aske d AI to give me a version that's 
not as technical. 
 It came back and said, don't worry, your English is at fifth grade level. So 
take it as hopefully it's not filled with jargon. Anyway, Sri spoke about 
payer-provider synergy. Keeping the payer and provider issues in the 
centre and how can we bring enterpri se transformation. My story today, 
what I'm here to talk about is keeping the patient in the centre of it. 
===== PDF PAGE 39 =====
 
Page | 38  
 Roopam talked about MLR rising. There's a lot of consumerism, aging 
population, a lot of things that's happening in the industry that's driving 
up the medical spend. So we're going to try and take an attempt at what 
that patient experience is and why some of these patient experiences that 
are not unique are actually rising the medical cost and shifting the MLR. 
So with that, we're going to talk today a little bit about a story of Graying 
Line.  
 Meet Abigail DeYoung. She's a 67 year old lady. She lives alone. She lives 
in a two story apartment. She has some financial insecurities. As a result 
she doesn't have transportation, she doesn't have a whole lot of support. 
She's at 67, still dependent to bring her own bread home. She has 
diabetes, she has hypertension and off recent she has been experiencing 
a lot of back pain. And anybody who has had back pain would know it's 
not something that just comes and disappears. So, like everybody else 
she has tried to put up with it, she has tried her conservative measures, 
but nothing has worked and now she is really in need of, some 
intervention because she's no longer able to move and perform her daily 
activities. 
 So, if you look at the problems that Abigail has in numbers, Abigail is not 
alone. 75% of medical spend in the U.S. comes from people who have 
multiple comorbidities, at least two comorbidities. There are several 
access delays when there is social determinant s of health. That's when 
people have not sufficient access to care, not sufficient understanding of 
care needs as well as other financial and educational and other type of 
constraint. 
 And they could cost anywhere from – intervening for back pain could cost 
anywhere from $45,000 to $70,000, $75,000 and at an average Medicare 
members cost about $1.2 trillion in the U.S. So the opportunity to really 
impact is pretty huge. But it's not just that, if you look at medical spend it 
doesn't come just from healthcare issues. 
 I also mentioned about access to care. When you have a clunky system 
that doesn't make it seamless to access care that definitely drives up the 
medical cost. So they say that some of you talked about provider using 
generative AI processes for providers. Wh ile that is happening in the 
industry as it stands, 100,000 nursing hours just to get prior 
authorisations. And these numbers here by in itself may or may not make 
too much sense but when you look at the big larger context of managing 
75 million Abigails,  you can do the math, 60% or so of services are still 
very manually transacted between the payers and providers. 
===== PDF PAGE 40 =====
 
Page | 39  
 Very rarely does anybody get complete information to make decisions. So 
when we talk about generative AI opportunities, they are huge in bringing 
together the longitudinal view of members today. 
 So all of this clunkiness not only result in; say for example, prior 
authorisations typically take 7 to 14 days to get approval before you go get 
the care but then by the time you add the number of prior authorisations, 
she's going to need whether it's for  diagnostics, whether it's for 
conservative treatment like physical therapy, pain management, and 
then finally if she ends up needing surgery – you can multiply how many 7 
times or 14 day times these services that she's going to have to wait for, 
really delaying her care to like three, four months. 
 So how do some of these solutions that we have, you heard Roopam and 
Sri talk about Synchrony Solutions, SmarTec solutions. How do we enable 
our services, our clinicians who are performing these prior authorisations 
and care management services. How do you  enable them to be more 
efficient but also be more effective? Some of how we're going to talk 
through to understand what Abi's experience would look like and what 
type of impact we could create. 
 So human expertise meets algorithmic precision and that is the reason 
we titled it this way because, everybody, if Abigail went to a service 
provider being managed by Sagility or anybody else, the process remains 
the same. The provider has to request a pri or authorisation, they have to 
review if it's medically necessary and they have to then perform the 
necessary evaluation and then make a determination. What we are trying 
to say is there are two ways how you can impact medical costs. 
 One is by addressing the waste and that's called utilisation management. 
You look at unnecessary care, but unnecessary care is just by itself is 
subjective. For example, if I come from a background where I'm used to 
self-medicating, I'm used to dealing wit h pain, my pain tolerance is very 
high, I may wait for a long time to get care. I may not need a whole bunch 
of other; I may not try physical therapy, I may not try pain injections, I may 
directly wait for so long that finally what is needed is a surgery. 
 But if I'm also somebody who is very astute about how to care for myself, 
I would constantly be going to the doctor even if it's slightest pain I'm 
going to be constantly going to the doctor. So waste is not just, there's not 
a universal definition. It's very subjective, that's why it's very important to 
meet the patients or the members where they are. In the context of how 
their lifestyle is, in the context of what they understand of healthcare, of 
===== PDF PAGE 41 =====
 
Page | 40  
their own health, how to access health, as well as in the context of some 
of their social and behavioural issues. 
 Ramesh spoke about social determinants of health and social and 
behavioural issues in his slide and the context of exactly this, if I have all 
it takes, if I have a caregiver at home, I'm not the breadwinner, the options 
of how I would go about my surgery is very different than when I'm the sole 
breadwinner and I'm the only person caring for myself. 
 So what we do today at Sagility is we manage the waste part of it through 
an integrated program called utilisation management. But we also have a 
quality of care solution, which I'm going to be talking about in the next 
slide, which addresses not a one and done. Nobody is one and done when 
you have chronic conditions, when you have extensive healthcare issues. 
It's not a one and done. So how do you simplify getting the member what 
they need through a program that's not one and done, then it's not too 
repetitive and it's not unnecessarily adding more cost to the system. 
 So in this case the algorithmic precision comes from having a mechanism 
to identify Abigail in the context of who she is, not just that she has low 
back pain and not just that in this case her provider has recommended 
her for her to have a surgery. So what  happens now is Abigail goes to the 
doctor, let's assume that she's had some of the conservative measures, 
where she is right now, her primary care doctor says you really need an 
ortho surgeon and the ortho surgeon said you need two, three levels of 
surgery. 
 Your back pain is because of a lot of issues in your spine, there's three 
levels for which I need to do a fusion. So the request comes in, typically 
requests comes in either via contact centre or via a Fax based solution. 
There are provider portals, she talked about it. 
 Some of them can handle a lot of information, data exchange, more 
digitised format and others are not. We have a partner who has about a 
90 plus percent adoption of portal. So right off the get go, that's a win 
solution because in the back of that portal we are able to enable that with 
algorithmic decision making. So at Sagility, we have a more digital front 
door approach, whether it's coming through a Fax or through a portal. And 
we're going to be seeing some of the demos for Ram and I are going to be 
talking a little bit about certain solutions which actually extracts all the 
information from facts and enables digitisation of the request in itself. 
 The reason for that is two parts. One is it significantly increases the 
decision timelines. I said 7 to 14 days earlier. There is a CMS regulation 
===== PDF PAGE 42 =====
 
Page | 41  
that says that everybody has to make transparent and timely decisions 
still within 7 days. That's a significant improvement from where we are 
today but imagine waiting 7 days just to get a diagnosis done for any of 
these procedures. 
 But this enables us to at least meet the demands right now. Once the 
provider submits the request, there is something called medical policies. 
These are evidence based guidelines and what that does is it enables 
clinicians to have a standardised protocol to review and see if the service 
is actually needed. If the service is needed, you have to go through about 
20, 30 pages of guidelines and they are not in the form of questions or 
anything. So the nurses have to interpret and make accurate decisions 
based on reviewing those guidelines. 
 What we've done is simplified that into an algorithm and so that when the 
provider is submitting the request, they answer three to five questions. 
And in 70% of the cases, they're able to get a decision in real time. If they 
don't meet the criteria, then it gets routed to a nurse. And the nurse again 
uses some generative AI solutions to streamline the process of review 
and we're going to demo that. And if it doesn't still meet the criteria, it 
actually goes to a MD who picks up the phone and he's talking t o the 
surgeon and they're discussing to see does she really need the 
Lumbarexctomy? 
 And if she does, does she really need three levels of Lumbarexctomy? 
Let's contextualise that based on where Abigail is and then they make that 
decision. But what happens along the way is because the data has been 
digitised right from the beginning, all of  this is summarised with which 
criteria was met, which was failed. So that when the provider is calling, 
the MD is calling the provider, they're looking at transparent decision 
making process. 
 And so now you're actually reducing the payer provider abrasion, the 
friction points, because you're collaborative, not because you picked up 
the phone and called, but because the criteria that you're evaluating that 
patient against are fairly transparent.  
 So this process allowed us to do two things. It allowed us to actually look 
at the patient from the lens of not just a lumbar surgery. It actually allowed 
us to look at the patient in the context of what their social needs are, how 
they're going to cope wi th their surgery, because that's just as critical 
because I think Sri or Roopam mentioned about readmission. 
===== PDF PAGE 43 =====
 
Page | 42  
 That is a very big, there's about 30% of hospital admissions for people 
with chronic conditions that causes readmission within 30 days. So that's 
large, both in terms of spend in itself and the management of that process 
is multiple rework. So through this  process, what we were able to then 
determine is that this member does not have the ability to handle a multi-
level surgery because she's the sole breadwinner. You want her on her 
feet much faster. It also gives you the opportunity to see if she's going t o 
continuously stay with her protocol. 
 So for this patient, one level surgery is more than enough. So not only have 
you reduced the cost, but you've actually kept the patient in the centre of 
that decision making process. And you will see in my next slide how this 
actually converts into not jus t reducing unit cost at the line item level 
here, but you're also going to see how that actually reduces further 
readmission cost and prevents future admission cost.  
 Couple of things I want to call out here, our partnerships as well as some 
of our point solutions enable us to have a very robust value addition to the 
mid-market. So you see on the right bottom here, the availability portal is 
a solution that can really drastically reduce manual transactions between 
payer and the provider. And that is the higher the volume, the better the 
economies from that particular solution. So it's a large enterprise sort of 
model today. 
 But we also have partnerships for the mid -market. Our mid -market 
solutions really aim at a couple of things. One is in clinical, unlike a lot of 
the administrative process, every clinical program needs a fairly high cost 
domain expertise. So for example, if you're managing oncology, you need 
an oncology team. You're managing musculoskeletal symptoms, 
neurologies, whatever you have to have specialties, specialists from each 
of those areas. 
 But when we are bringing multi -domain and we are simplifying those 
programs, you need to have the ability to manage it through very niche, 
targeted, multi -payer sort of an environment. So some of our partners 
actually provide that capability for us. So wit h this, in this particular 
example, Abigail has received her decision to have the surgery within two 
to three days – significantly improves provider experience, reduces 
friction with the provider, improves member experience. 
 Any of you that are familiar with star rating, there is a direct correlation 
from a survey for member experience. And it's not coming from managing 
their interactions, it's coming from, I mean it's not coming from handling 
===== PDF PAGE 44 =====
 
Page | 43  
their calls, it's coming from managing interactions across the value 
stream. 
 So UM typically can reduce anywhere between 5% to 15% of medical 
spend. So something to just sort of keep in mind, a good integrated UM 
program and the opportunity in the industry is about $200 billion to $300 
billion.  
 Now let's look at how Abigail goes through bending the cost curve through 
the quality of care programs. Quality of care programs, the intent is a 
couple of things. One is clinical outcome, that's the most important. But 
Medicare plans especially, as well as across all lines of business, there is 
some of you may have heard of this term called HEDIS. 
 Essentially what it is healthcare effectiveness data being coded and 
managed proactively in a preventive manner. And the more you actually 
identify and manage preventive health, you get better ratings than your 
star rating, your quality bonus. So in this c ase, we know we identified 
Abigail to have diabetes and hypertension, not because of some risk 
analytics, but because we got one interaction through a prior 
authorisation medical record. 
 So typically what happens, today as it is, if you talk to plan, they manage, 
they would have approved or denied that lumbar surgery based on 
whether it met the medical necessity criteria, so on and so forth. But that 
would have been a one and done close transaction. 
 Then somebody is chasing Abigail because their risk identification flagged 
her because she has two comorbidities, diabetes and hypertension. So 
now they are calling her 20 times because they need her to go to the 
doctor and manage her diabetes, get her A1C s tested, control her 
hypertension. So there is a whole another program that's working just 
making outreaches to her. Then on top of that, you saw our integrated UM 
in the prior slide that got her to at least get the right level of care. But then 
post discharge is managed by another team typically. They follow-up and 
say, hey, you went to the hospital, you had a surgery, hope you have 
everything.  
 Here is Abigail, who's just come back, she's trying to manage herself and 
she's had a pretty major surgery. Imagine getting called 20 times just to 
say, “Hey, do you have everything?” Why can't we embed that into an 
integrated UM program so that we flag ri ght away saying that she's going 
to need help when she goes home. Instead of sending her to another 
===== PDF PAGE 45 =====
 
Page | 44  
rehab facility, delaying care, we know she has to get back on her feet very 
quickly. 
 Can we send her home with home health? Can we proactively 
recommend some physical therapy that's going to get her back on her 
feet? So, a good rounded post discharge care management program 
shouldn't be a standalone activity. It shouldn't come because somebody 
did some analytics, they got a trigger saying, so and so was in hospital. It 
should be seamlessly integrated into that care meetin g, the member 
where they are. 
 And then last but not the least, we also have in Roopam's slide, you saw 
our Synchrony Aging in Place program. Today, aging in place is largely in 
the preventing long-term care admissions to facility-based care. But in a 
post-acute care, what post -acute ca re is essentially, acute care is 
anything that is right there done in the hospital. And then when they are 
discharged from the hospital, everything that follows, that's post -acute 
care. So by identifying other needs that's going to keep her at home safely, 
whether now she has fall risk maybe or she has two story home with her 
back pain if she's going up and down without the right type of training or 
equipment, she's going to fall and come right back to the hospital. 
 It may be a different episode, but nonetheless she's going to be back at 
the hospital. So looking at what other type of needs she has so that she 
can continue to stay functionally independent at home is our long -term 
care, long -term resilience program. So an integrated solution that is 
enabled by AI, predictive models. 
 Today predictive models are more intelligent. The way we are looking at it 
is using Generative AI to mine information that comes across all 
interaction types. Whether that's coming because of a prior 
authorisation, it's coming in because there was a call t hat was placed 
specifically to ask for where this provider for back surgery would be 
available. So sort of unstructured data across all channels, you have the 
ability to pull all that data together and then the domain expertise comes 
in really knowing how  to develop the ontology, how to create those 
queries and risk stratification that can then drive each of these care 
pathways. 
 So the result of program like this clearly start rating, which results in very 
huge quality bonus payment, lower utilisation and I said about 5% to 15% 
impact on the medical spend, 30% lowered admission rates and more 
importantly programs like this really have 3x to 5x ROI and I'm going to talk 
===== PDF PAGE 46 =====
 
Page | 45  
about that in just a second. So this is what is called as whole person 
health. 
 You saw in Ramesh's slide he talked about whole person care. 
Understanding root cause of poor health and managing it effectively 
through a combination of tools and technology available through better 
predictions, better predictive models and then having a workflow that can 
be seamlessly integrated between all these siloed functions, because 
today these are all independently managed siloed functions. 
 This is an example of a recent engagement with the client. There are a lot 
of numbers, I won't bore you with all of that. The very high level story is the 
client was spending, the client has elderly population with a lot of special 
needs. And their spend was about 3x, 3.5x more. Their medical spend was 
3x, 3.5x more than their peers in the market and they were in sanction. 
 What we looked at was we went and said, what are the opportunities to 
control medical spend? Out of the 3x increases, we identified two or three 
areas and one of it was home health. If you have somebody who is 
receiving home health services, the expectatio n is that your overall total 
cost of care is lesser than somebody who is not receiving home health 
care services. Yeah? 
 In this case, we went on to see where is; when people are getting home 
health care services, first of all, are they costing you lesser than 
somebody who is not getting home health service in the similar cohort? 
And if yes, what is that additional opportunity? If no, what should they be 
doing? We looked at it under two vectors. Vector one is called frailty risk 
and vector two is if they have behavioural health issues like dementia or 
depression, so on and so forth. 
 People on the left side who are lesser on the frailty risk, utilisation 
management is a good program that can control costs. Except you see 
here people who have no behavioural health issues, lesser on the medical 
and frailty risk, still constitutes to 3.6x more cost compared to somebody 
exactly like them not getting home health care service, which means your 
UM is not working. So somebody was asking about competition and how 
are your programs different and are you able to add value. Right there, this 
is a program that's done by competition. So you still identify about 8, 10 
million opportunity when you bring in the vectors of predictive analytics, 
when you bring in that patient centric model. 
 On the top, that's about okay, it's comparable. You're receiving home 
health, you're not too far off from somebody who's not receiving home 
===== PDF PAGE 47 =====
 
Page | 46  
health. So your UM, you can say, is working or at least it's not working. But 
on the right side, there are a lot of issues. On the right side, while the home 
health, the people who are receiving services may or may not be doing 
better or worse than the other, these are people if you don't manage them 
today with just good UM or an integrated care and case management, 
they are going to be coming back as future spend for us. 
 So really bundling care management as well as what this tells you is if you 
have somebody spoke about a $6 million UM operations. This is exactly 
that. This client was spending about $6 million in UM operation. But if their 
UM wasn't working, can we actually target and create cohorts and do the 
same program differently, so that people who need to be in the respective 
buckets are getting the right type of care? So you're rightsizing your 
operations. 
 So this is a bundle on the right side. We actually bundle some of these 
solutions with care management. On the left side, we just enabled and 
enhanced their UM integrated program, resulting in about a $24 million 
savings for not spending too much more on the UM operation. 
 So with that, I'm going to just start a video of one of our solutions, a 
generative AI solution. Ramesh mentioned about our award -winning 
Nurse Assist. So we recently got named in the Intelligence Excellence 
award by business intelligence group for our Nurse Assist. So you're going 
to see a video. The video just sort of tells you what the construct of the 
Nurse Assist is, but then we're actually going to be doing a demo in Ram's 
session. So with that, can you please turn the video on? 
 Video Presentation Starts 
 Thank you. Madan over to you. I think I'm right at time, thirty seconds to 
go. So, we'll park the questions for later. Thank you. 
Madan Moudgal: Can everyone hear me? Okay. Good afternoon, good evening everyone. 
My name is Madan Moudgal, and I along with my colleague Ram 
Natarajan are going to take you through a journey of our technology 
capabilities. And you heard by now about the fact that our te chnology 
capabilities is one of the pillars of what makes us different and will 
ultimately ensure our success into the future. 
 You also heard quite a bit about the fact that we claim a lot of credit for 
our domain knowledge. And that extends by the way into how we deliver 
our technology as well. So even when it comes to technology solutions, 
technology development, we rely heavily  on our colleagues on the 
domain side. People like Krithika that you just heard from Sri and so many 
===== PDF PAGE 48 =====
 
Page | 47  
other people within the organisation who allow us the benefit of their 
knowledge to make sure that we're able to deliver very cutting -edge 
technology that is suited to our particular industry. 
 Okay. So let me talk a little bit about our investment strategy into 
technology. Over the course of the last 10 years, we have built up what we 
believe is a fairly robust set of capabilities and we refer to that as our 
technology portfolio. Now these capab ilities, think of them as building 
blocks. Now these are the building blocks that allow us to very rapidly 
assemble point solutions, very rapidly assemble solutions to address a 
particular business problem that comes our way, right. 
 And by the way, a lot of these technologies have been built up over the 
course of time. And by taking advantage of technology that's been 
available at that point in time. So think of it as a cumulative effect of 
having all of these technologies now availab le to us, as we now take on 
the next opportunity, which is brought to us obviously by Gen AI and 
Agentic AI. But Agentic AI by the way is not necessarily the solution for 
everything, for all of the problems that are out there. And I'm going to 
make a point about that as we move forward. 
 It certainly is a very, very powerful tool and we intend to use it as such. But 
clearly, we are also going to be taking advantage of some of the other key 
assets that we have within our portfolio. One other point I want to make is 
that, in the delivery of some of our capabilities and Roopam talked about 
Managed Services, we talked about our Synchrony solutions and so on. 
There is reference to enterprise applications as well. 
 Now we are not in the business of building enterprise applications and by 
definition enterprise application in our world could be like a claims 
platform. It could be a membership system, it could be a CRM. We don't 
build those. Rather, we partner with vendors who actually build those out. 
And where necessary, we integrate our capabilities with theirs to deliver 
those end-to-end solutions that Roopam, Sri, Krithika and others talked 
about. 
 So just in terms of our overall technology strategy, I wanted to make that 
point that we build componentry, if you will, modular building blocks. And 
those then come together are assembled by us, leveraging our domain 
knowledge to deliver cutting edge cust om, if you will, in a lot of cases 
solutions. But at the same time, using components that are reusable, so 
that we don't have to start from scratch every time. 
===== PDF PAGE 49 =====
 
Page | 48  
 Okay, having given you that kind of an outline, I want to be a little bit more 
specific. So let's talk about what I mean by these components. And again 
remember I said earlier that this has been tools and capabilities that have 
been developed over the cour se of 10 plus years. Yeah. So it includes 
things like data models. I know Krithika just spoke about it, Sri earlier 
spoke about predictive models. So predictive AI has been out there for a 
number of years now and we have taken advantage of predictive AI t o 
build some very cutting-edge algorithms and models and very effectively 
use them. And we intend to continue to use them into the future, because 
there are some problem statements for which a statistically based 
predictive model is more appropriate and a better solution than a Gen AI 
model. 
 And that's something to keep in mind. Like I said Gen AI is not necessarily 
the answer to everything. It certainly is the answer to a number of our 
problem statements that we have. We also have developed point 
solutions. And I'll talk a little bit more abo ut some of the examples here. 
We have been leveraging RPA, Robotic Process Automation. That's been 
out there for a decade or more. And we have certainly taken full advantage 
of it to build a library of automation bots. And by the way, because of the 
fact that we are dealing with legacy applications in our industry, large in 
some case still mainframe run applications, a process automation bot is 
probably a better answer in some cases to automate a particular 
function. 
 So that's why we always look at where we need to apply our capabilities 
and then decide what technology makes sense. Now we certainly have 
not just delved into, but heavily invested in the Gen AI space. Over the last 
24 months, we even made an acquisition,  which you all probably know 
about in the generative AI space, brought some capabilities in, 
incorporated into everything else that we've been doing for a while now. 
And consequently, we have both in what we describe as our front office 
as well as in our back office, we have built a number of different solution 
sets for automation using generative AI capabilities, including large 
language models, small language models, and we'll give you a few 
examples of that. 
 Dashboards. Sri spoke earlier about LPI – late payment interest, right. So 
there are some capabilities that we had to put together in order to solve 
that particular problem. But ultimately, we need to deliver all of this 
information in some cogent, in some  organised way. So that people can 
then take action on it. That's where dashboards become very important. 
And these dashboards by the way, when we build them, we again build 
===== PDF PAGE 50 =====
 
Page | 49  
them with the intent that we'd like to apply these core capabilities to 
different types of use cases. 
 It may be in the one case solving an LPI problem, a late payment interest 
problem. In other case, it could be around managing appeals more 
effectively. So that's where the advantage of building things from the 
standpoint of configurability, reusability becomes so important. When we 
go about building something, we ideally would not like to start from a 
blank sheet of paper, because that takes the longest. So what we look to 
do is, we look to accelerators, we look to frameworks that if you in a sense 
provide you the skeletal structure on which you can assemble various 
capabilities. 
 So to that end, we have also invested in building out a few frameworks 
and accelerators. Now granted, they are not necessarily all homegrown, 
in some cases, we are also experimenting with accelerators that vendor 
partners have made available to us. And we constantly are on the lookout 
for best of breed capabilities there. Interoperability is a very big 
opportunity and a challenge within our industry. We talked earlier, some 
other speakers referred to disparate systems, legacy applications, the 
complexity of payer and providers interacting with each other and so on 
and so forth. 
 There was a question earlier about I think from someone here about the 
fact that providers are leveraging Gen AI quite extensively in order to level 
the playing field with payers. And by taking advantage of Gen AI, they are 
now automating some of the thing s that they do. For sure they are. I will 
give you a simple example. When they are reaching out to a payer to get a 
question addressed. Now they are making robotic calls rather than having 
to pick up the phone and call because that's more labour intensive . So 
payers get inundated with lots and lots of calls coming in and that 
becomes a bit of a challenge for them. There are solutions to that problem 
as well. 
 But if you think about it, a solution could be that you respond to a robotic 
call with another robot answering the call. But that's kind of a very clunky 
way of solving your problem. A simpler solution could be that if you had 
an API that the provider coul d reach into to get their problem answered 
through an API request and the API response with your answer. In a sense, 
HealthBridge Connect is getting us towards solutions that are a little bit 
more elegant, right? So we need to think in terms of the capabi lities that 
are available to us, apply our domain knowledge and then come up with 
these solutions that make the most sense. 
===== PDF PAGE 51 =====
 
Page | 50  
 There is another element too, to keep in mind, which is cost. These 
solutions don't necessarily are not free. Particularly if you look at Gen AI, 
if you were to attempt to apply Gen AI for every last problem and you were 
to build it on the backs of these foundational models, especially the large 
language models, the cost can run up. So you have to be more careful in 
terms of how you select the right models, the ones that are most, that 
balance cost with accuracy, with latency. So these are all criteria that we 
look into, that we take the time to research and figure out what makes 
sense. 
 And that's where some of these frameworks come in, where you have the 
communication manager. The framework there allows us to switch out 
different LLMs, switch out different SLMs, small language models, where 
it makes sense. Now, we also have this referenc e to what we are calling 
clinical language models, where we look at models that are more adept 
at understanding medical terminology. So these are all the types of 
capabilities that we look into to make sure that ultimately the types of 
solutions that Krithika is looking to build within her practice area or that 
Sri is looking to build that it is working well. And that we can deploy it and 
also deploy it in such a manner that our clients are comfortable that we 
are securing their data, that we are securing their interest in a sense. 
 And now to that end, one of the things that we have made efforts to do is 
to ensure that our engineering, our software engineering efforts are 
robust. That they follow very specific policies and procedures and that the 
controls are in place, so that we are securing our clients’ assets. And what 
we have done in that regard is to ensure that we are SOC2 compliant and 
HiTrust compliant for all this work that we do. 
 Now, for those of you that are aware of this, this is in a sense a gold 
standard and a certification that gives a level of comfort to our customers 
that we have their best interest when it comes to managing their data and 
delivering these types of solutions to them.  
 So I talked already about a few of these examples and the types of things 
that we're doing. So I'm not going to belabour this point, because I know 
it was also referred to earlier in some of the earlier speakers' comments. 
But this should give you a sense of the places in which we make our 
investments. And we will continue to make these investments as we 
move forward. Agentic AI is now very much in the fore and so we are 
starting to make further investments in Agentic AI and I am going to talk 
about an example of how that is coming together in order to deliver on a 
specific use case, okay. 
===== PDF PAGE 52 =====
 
Page | 51  
 Before I go there though, I wanted to also talk about the other point, which 
is our partner ecosystem, because if you recall, at my opening slide, I 
talked about the fact that when it comes to enterprise applications, we 
don't necessarily develop them, we work in tandem with our partners. So 
here, to give you a sense of our partner strategy, there is some platform 
vendors and you see some names up here, our platform vendors that we 
work with. And of course, as we deliver these managed services type 
place, there is a need for us to, and the Synchrony solutions, a need for 
us to implement some of these systems and to integrate to them. So we 
work with; we don't necessarily have at all times maintain a bench 
strength to be able to scale up all of these. It does n't make sense in our 
business. 
 So what we do is we have a partner a robust partnership strategy where 
we partner with systems integration partners like the ones you see up 
here. There are other capability partners. I referred to robotic process 
automation. We've been doing it for a while and you all probably know that 
Automation Anywhere is a very well-known name in that space. And we've 
been working with their tool set for quite some time now. And like that 
there are some other vendor platforms as well that we're very adept at 
using. A nd of course I cannot not mention the hyperscalers. AWS and 
Azure are certainly two of the largest hyperscalers that in our industry, 
there's a heavy a lot of comfort with amongst our clients. 
 So we have ensured that our solutions the ones that I was talking about 
earlier are deployable and maintainable within these platforms and that 
in a lot of cases we are also taking advantage of the tech stack that these 
platforms provide us.  
 Okay. I'm going to now double click a little bit just on Gen AI and Agentic 
AI for the obvious reasons, right. So one of the things that we have focused 
on in our strategy for how we are using Gen AI is to think of it in the context 
of a synergy between th e agent, the virtual agent and the human agent. 
And I will use that term just to keep the two separate. 
 So there is a human agent and then there is a virtual agent. And we believe 
very firmly that in the future, they need to work in Synchrony. And so to 
make that possible, there has to be, if you will, a system of engagement 
between the two. So that you can coordinate and in a seamless fashion 
move information and task and triggers between the two. 
 And so there is, in a sense an interaction platform that enables that. And 
that's starting to be borne out in the types of examples you see below of 
some of the use cases where this synchronization is working very 
===== PDF PAGE 53 =====
 
Page | 52  
effectively. And we continue to add like we have done in the case of the 
process automation, the robotic process automation arena. Now even in 
the Gen AI arena, we're starting to add to the number of use cases of 
application of Generative AI. 
 So whether you're talking about UM intake, the intake process that 
Krithika was referring to or you're talking about, let us say we are talking 
about appeal status and where someone is calling in to understand what 
is the status of an appeal that they have submitted. That is something that 
today is purely a manual process. But tomorrow it's likely going to be not 
just a human agent involved, is very much likely going to be a virtual agent 
involved as well. So these are all different examples of how we're applying 
the system of engagement model to enable this combination of working 
together. 
 Okay, I'm going to conclude by taking you through something a little bit 
more detailed in terms of how we look at Agentic AI. And it's through the 
use of an example. Yeah. So prior authorisation, utilisation management. 
 In the utilisation management world, a provider submits a prior 
authorisation request, prior to the service having been performed, asking 
for authorisation to move ahead with that service. So the prior 
documentation is submitted. And today that prior authorisation request, 
it can come through multiple channels. We still use Fax, believe it or not, 
in our industry, quite a bit of it in fact. And so it can come through Fax, it 
can come through paper, email, what have you, right? 
 Now what we have envisioned and what we are building is an orchestrator 
bot that is going to orchestrate a sequence of events that are going to take 
place. Just like you have today a human agent that receives this 
information and starts off a process. So t here is first a need to do 
something called case creation, which is where you initiate this process 
by the creation of a case that again gets followed through to its logical 
conclusion. When this document comes in this prior document, it's got 
certain details on it. 
 Those details need to be extracted. You can do it the old fashioned way, 
which is you can read it, you can then key from image, if you will, into 
another system or you can extract that information. You see reference to 
OCR and NLP. Optical Character Recogn ition, Natural Language 
Processing. These are technologies that have been around for quite some 
time. 
===== PDF PAGE 54 =====
 
Page | 53  
 We can still take advantage of those. But we can; the entity that's 
managing that OCR process is not a human anymore. It's a Gen AI bot. In 
this case, a case extractor bot, which then triggers off a process after the 
information has been extracted to a case generator bot that summarises 
that information. Because it needs to be summarised as part of our 
process and then initiates within a case management system the creation 
of a case. 
 And there is a process for eligibility verification that can be handed off to 
another bot. But if you see at the end of this, you don't see a bot, but you 
see a human. Because according to this process, it still requires a human 
to authorise this particula r case. Now the human may decide that this 
warrants some further documentation to be received, in the form of let's 
say, they demand medical records before they provide approval for this 
prior authorisation. 
 So there is an entire medical records management process that kicks off. 
Where you have a medical records manager, another bot. And that then 
results in the submission of a voluminous document sometimes it could 
be hundreds of pages long. And now you have to extract information from 
it. 
 You have to summarise it. You have to annotate it. So that it is easy for the 
nurse practitioner who is at the end of this process to make sense of it. 
Today that nurse practitioner probably spends 30 minutes pouring 
through this detailed document, hunting  and pecking and looking for 
relevant information. No longer necessary because it's already been done 
for you. 
 So the bot's taking care of that for you. And then there's the key step of the 
final decisioning. Even here, Gen AI can certainly play a role in referencing 
clinical guidelines, which are the rules that you consult in order to decide 
what to do with this p articular case. And you could have the bot make a 
recommendation. But it's only a recommendation. 
 The final decisioning on that recommendation is left up to another 
human. So you see the symbiotic way in which this is all being done. So 
this is an example of how we're orchestrating using Agentic AI an entire 
end-to-end process, which clearly shows bots  and humans working 
together.  
 Okay. What we are going to do now is I'm going to turn it over to my 
colleague Ram who is actually going to take us through a little bit more of 
a deep dive into this through by use of an example, right. But before I turn 
===== PDF PAGE 55 =====
 
Page | 54  
it over to him, this was my last point. I have about three minutes. I could 
probably take one or two questions. No, no questions? According to this 
I have three minutes. Okay. 
Ram Mohan Natarajan: Can you hear me now?  Thank you. Thanks, Madan. Good evening. My 
name is Ram Mohan. And I'm going to spend the next 15, 20 minutes with 
some of the agents that I'll show on screen on what we've been talking 
about so far. So we'll just take the same example that Madan spoke 
about, which is about prior authorisation. Take a scenario where the prior 
authorisation has got denied. So what happens is that the hospital is now 
going to send additional documents.  
 They're going to get additional proof. They're going to send medical 
records and all that, and that's what is called an appeal. Like, Sri spoke 
about the cost of a claim being about $10 to $20. But if you see some 
numbers here, the costs start multiplying significantly when it comes 
back as an appeal, because now it's going to come with much more 
complicated cases. And this could be one example, like I said, was on 
prior authorisation. It could be about a claim having 1,000 lines, and two 
of the lines were not paid correctly, and an appeal can come for that. It 
could be that there is something that the insurance saying that it is not 
medically necessary to do a surgery. 
 So there could be multiple reasons why this could come. And like you can 
see, it's an important part because the costs start increasing significantly. 
And the reason it's relevant is also because a lot of times when you think 
about admin costs, we're talki ng about one person sitting and doing a 
process costing X amount of money, whereas what we were talking about 
earlier on the clinical side and others, the impact of all this is significant. 
If you don't do it right, you're talking about some huge legal is sue. You're 
talking about compliance issue, all running to multimillions of dollars. 
 So it's important to keep that context in mind. The other thing which is also 
important to keep in mind is that while technically you can use AI to do a 
lot of stuff, there are a lot of stuff that are also governed by compliance. 
We need to have explainability. We need to have the right documentation. 
And we'll show you how we have used AI and humans working together to 
address this problem. 
 So I won't get into too much more details about Star. I'll try and touch on 
it, if time permits, when we go through a demo. What I wanted to show is 
a quick video to set some more context on what the appeals is, and then 
we'll talk about various agents performing this job. 
===== PDF PAGE 56 =====
 
Page | 55  
 Video Presentation Starts 
 All right. So, what you saw were actually screenshots of typically how an 
appeal document comes. You might have appeal documents like you saw 
in that example, over 100 pages. You will have handwritten notes. You will 
have documents with the doctor's signatures and the patient agreeing on 
waiver of liability. So there's a whole lot of attachments and documents 
that come there. So what we've got here are a set of agents who can these 
are all AI agents which can do the work. I'll just talk about two, three 
examples to just give you a flavour of how this whole Ag entic system 
works. So the first one, Madan spoke about it too, is the intake agent.
  
 So what does this agent do is actually understand what is there in all 
these 100s of documents that come there. So first decision that needs to 
be made is whether it's really an appeal or not. Many times, you end up 
finding that what comes into the queue i s not even an appeal. So that is 
determined by that agent, which is actually checking what it is. It actually 
understands the intent of the document. 
 It checks whether the document is complete. It checks if there are any 
missing records and missing documents that come in. Simple cases, let's 
say the document is not signed, and in a normal case, the appeal needs 
to be rejected. What this agent will do is go to the letter generation agent, 
and the letter generation agent will shoot out the letter saying, this 
document is incomplete, or there are missing documents. Please submit 
the right one. 
 So the two agents working together, completing the process. The most 
simple example I could think of in the healthcare scenario. We'll talk a 
little bit more about how the clinical agent works, how the payer policy 
agent works, and all that. But before tha t, we heard this mention of this 
word expedited appeals. Expedited are basically urgent appeals, which 
needs to be processed. 
 Technically, the time allowed is 72 hours, but most cases, it gets done in 
two to three hours. This could be because the patient's condition is 
deteriorating, patient is in pain, or anything else that could impact the 
patient or their experience of the mem ber. So these are documents that 
come in. Again, like you saw, it could be one mention in a 100 page 
document. Now, how do we figure out that it has to be done; whether it's 
really an expedited or not? So if you can just continue the video, I'll just 
maybe show. 
===== PDF PAGE 57 =====
 
Page | 56  
 So what you see here is, you know, the agent is extracting documents as, 
that's what you see on the left panel. So it's extracting information from 
the image to know who the member is, the numbers. What is also critical 
is that a lot of this extraction is not just from an image. That needs to be 
validated with what's there in the legacy systems. 
 Ramesh spoke about it, how it's complex in healthcare. So you've got data 
sitting in multiple systems now. A simple example is, is a member 
eligible? That's sitting in some system that needs to be compared with the 
date at which the service is done, whethe r the person is eligible or not. 
Looks like a simple problem, but requires extraction from multiple 
systems there. 
 In the document, there is a big explanation. And what this agent has done 
is actually extracted why it thinks it's an expediter. So it's kind of given the 
verbiage which is sitting in the document. A nurse or the decision maker 
can just quickly look at it,  see it gets highlighted in the document. In this 
case, we've taken a 7 page example. 
 But like I said, if it's a 100 page document, something gets highlighted. 
The nurse has to or the decision maker just has to look at this part. There 
is also a recommendation that comes. The recommendation where the AI 
is summarising the case, the agent is  summarising it, you'll see it in the 
bottom of the screen. But really, it says why it's an expediter. 
 So this is actually a decision that's done. But because of compliance, it 
can't be given necessarily completely to an AI to do that, which is why 
there's still an expert that's there. And there is a whole lot of rules that get 
built into. On the right side, there are also some examples why something 
should be called or expedited. It just doesn't go with the verbiage. 
 There are a lot of policies to be considered. All of that, all those logics are 
also built into this whole system of Agentic that's handling this expedited 
case. Let's move on. Now, let's talk a little bit about a clinical example. 
And that's where I'll team with Krithika. 
 So we'll just take one example of somebody who requires a knee 
replacement. In this case, it's an appeal. They have not given that right 
document, but listen to this and I will just talk about it. 
 Video Presentation Starts 
So what this agent does, I mean, in a simple case, if an ortho says, you 
require a surgery, we just can't go with that. So there are some guidelines 
that are mentioned there. You need to check whether the person is able 
===== PDF PAGE 58 =====
 
Page | 57  
to walk, climb. Does the X-ray also support these scenarios? So there's a 
whole lot of guidelines that you'll keep seeing on the left. And what you 
see is the agent is actually giving the rationale to why it thinks it is, doing 
this. This person has osteoa rthritis mentioned somewhere in the 
document. This person is not able to walk, mentioned somewhere in the 
document or the X-ray findings. 
 So all that gets automatically pulled from all these sets of attachments or 
documents that come, but still given and just recommending an option, 
there could be multiple mentions because we're talking about 100s of 
pages of documents, which is where the clinician or a nurse needs to look 
at. 
 But what we are talking about is saving significant time for a nurse to sit 
and do this work rather than have a person do that. So this is one part. And 
similarly, before a decision should be done, where other kind of 
treatments checked, where they're on p ainkillers, there was 
physiotherapy tried. So there are a lot of guidelines like that that you will 
get to see on the left side. 
 And Krithika will actually talk about what has gone into building this in the 
back end. 
Krithika Srivats: Can you hear me? Yeah, so basically, this has two parts, right? What you 
see on the green, that's actually the algorithm that's running in the back. 
And in the prior authorisation example, said a lot of times these policies 
are pretty clunky, 20, 30 pages long, sometimes m uch longer. And these 
are not in the form of questions. 
 So if you're reviewing the document, in no way can you come up with 
handful of these four or five questions. So there's a lot of sort of 
contextualisation of that policy that goes behind the backend. And then it 
gets converted into a decision logic essentially. Even there, that process 
in itself is sometimes very laborious. It can take about 100, 200 hours 
depending on how complex those guidelines are. 
 And we've used Generative AI to actually streamline some of that decision 
logic building to start with. But once you build that, the second thing that's 
happening is the Generative AI looking and making interpretation of these 
guidelines from the medical record. 
 So for example, if you see the first one here, it says, and such which 
conservative treatment have been attempted? First of all, it needs to 
understand what conservative treatment is. So we in some cases have 
simplified that at the question that says, okay , conservative treatment 
===== PDF PAGE 59 =====
 
Page | 58  
could be physical therapy, some pain management, so on and so forth. 
So that is the decision logic, but then it still needs to understand pain 
medication. 
 In this case, it says Naproxen is prescribed here. It needs to understand 
that Naproxen is a pain medication. While that's not mentioned 
anywhere, it's just a treatment plan Naproxen. But the generative AI has 
then gone in using the SLM and the CLM that Ma dan spoke about, 
understood that Naproxen is a pain medication that is relevant in this 
case and so it then provides that as a recommendation. So these two 
things are working connectedly. 
 And then the third thing, although both in the case of appeal, UM or any 
other use cases where we've deployed this, the human in the loop 
component is the fact that this is simplifying that information. The 
recommended finger that you see is enabling the nurse to see where that 
information is. It actually sometimes gives a confidence score saying it's 
available in two, three different pages, but I have most confidence in this 
particular section of the document, whether that's in history and physical, 
laboratory tests, so on and so forth. And then the nurse uses that 
information to quickly validate, okay, did the lab test actually show this or 
did the x -ray show this? And then they annotate it and what would have 
otherwise taken easily in an appeal like this, it would take 30, 40 minutes. 
This can you shave off about 12, 15 minutes just from simplifying this 
process. 
Ram Mohan Natarajan: Thanks, Krithika. Let's move on. We'll just see one more agent in, in 
action. And what you will really see is not each of these agents acting 
independently. So this example that Krithika now spoke about will require 
an intake agent, may require a letter g eneration agent, will definitely 
require a clinical agent, may require a coding agent. So that's what you 
see on the screen. And some of these again in the back end, because it's 
pulling data from multiple systems will have its own agents which are able 
to fetch data from multiple systems there. So that's how this whole 
orchestration gets done. 
 And I will quickly show you a view of how it looks on the command centre. 
So like you see here, I mean, there are also limitations. There are a whole 
lot of stuff that needs to be checked. The entire rationale is given to help 
a person take a decision whether they should agree with this or they can 
overturn with that. So that's exactly… 
 
===== PDF PAGE 60 =====
 
Page | 59  
Video Presentation Starts 
 Okay, we'll now talk about the one called the payer policy agents. So here 
again, the contracts between a payer and a provider are voluminous 
documents. There are discounts agreed for different line items, too. There 
are also payer specific policies that also need to be included when you're 
doing a reimbursement or when you're doing claim processing. 
 So there are, in a way, a lot of standard operating procedure documents 
that need to be referred to pay out a claim correctly or if somebody 
appeals, need to recheck that. So the whole process and why it gets 
expensive is also because you are reconstructin g the whole claim again 
with this new set of documents. And then based on that, need to 
reprocess everything. Let's play. I'll keep talking while it's playing. 
 So here, again, the extraction document is taking pulling data there. Here, 
again, there is a lot of verification that needs to be done now with the core 
claim system. So you'll see some of those coming up too. There is a SOP 
document where that's there. You can also see thumbs up, thumbs down 
there. So we use a lot of this to train our AI to see whether it's doing it 
correctly. So that's where a lot of our algorithms and our clinical LMs are 
going in to get this train. And that way, the accuracy keeps inc reasing as 
we keep progressing. But that's not the end of it all, because models by 
definition can hallucinate. It can also drift. It can create some errors. 
 So how do we actually have that whole control system in place is also a 
critical element of how do you run or manage agents. I'll show you some 
screenshots of how we do that. Madan also had on the slide about 
knowledge retrieval there. So you can ask a question, about a document, 
or you can talk in some cases, and you get the answer there. So this, 
again, using a knowledge retrieval agent, which is actually pulling 
information to help a human in case they have to make a decision or they 
need clarity on eligibility or any other information from the documents. 
 Like I said, again, integrates into multiple back end systems because 
these are answers coming in from multiple systems for somebody to take 
a decision whether they should overturn or uphold the decision.  
 So here is a quick summary. So we did see multiple screenshots. But as 
AI matures in some of our processes, we start with this. We give a full 
summary. You don't need to see all the documents, 100 page documents 
that we are talking about, right? It's now extracted everything. 
 Hey, member ID exists in the claims platform. That's all a person needs to 
have checked. So the answer is here. And the rationale is it says, here is 
===== PDF PAGE 61 =====
 
Page | 60  
the member ID number. Waiver of liability document is there. Here is 
where it is. Are they eligible for a claim? Is the date of service fine? All that 
is there in the screen. So this helps improve our productivity significantly. 
 But if they still have a doubt, they can go back to the document. They can 
go back to the screen. So we got those that I don't know if you managed 
to see. There were some icons on the top of the screen. So you just click 
that, get the whole summary, and then take a call whether you need to go 
back to the original document. 
 Yeah, let's continue playing here. So this is what I was talking about. So 
this is, again, another view of the command centre here.  
 Video Presentation Starts 
 So what you see here are screens. So you can find out the kind of 
exceptions that are coming in. This also talks about what we call as 
predictive ops you will see here, because the best part of all this is you're 
working with multiple data of thousands or hundreds of thousands of 
appeals that are getting done by all this agentic system. So one used to 
learn and train language models itself for this particular use case. But 
more importantly, for us to work on some of the stuff that Madan spoke 
about. He spoke about building predictive models. 
 Can we predict whether something is going to come back as an appeal? 
In which case, can we avoid the cost of a document coming back later by 
doing some things upfront? So it actually opens up a huge possibility in 
the world of analytics by making use of al l the data that flows through 
these agentic systems. 
 So just to summarise quickly, we saw what Ramesh was speaking about 
as four different things that are different in a healthcare world. So one is 
you saw clinical documents. There are legacy systems involved. There's a 
huge amount of compliance and there ar e state regulations and federal 
regulations on what cannot be done or what decision can be taken by an 
AI that needs to be considered. So all of that are examples that you would 
have seen in this video. Thank you. 
 Over to you, Chris. 
Chris Shiffert: Good evening or good afternoon. My name is Chris Shiffert. I'm the Chief 
Growth Officer at Sagility. I'm your last speaker today before we have our 
panel Q&A. Before I get started, or go through my slides, a couple of things 
I want to point out. One, and I think you hopefully agree after hearing 
about all of our services and solutions today, mine is probably the easiest 
===== PDF PAGE 62 =====
 
Page | 61  
job at Sagility, in that I'm tasked with connecting all these great services 
and solutions with our clients. And in all seriousness, it's a lot simpler 
than I ever thought it would be. That's one. 
 Two, you heard a lot about the pillars of which this company was built and 
how we go -to-market. One of them being our domain expertise, our 
industry expertise. And I want to talk about that for just a second because 
contextually it really helps understand the growth story. Healthcare is a 
big umbrella. I think you've heard throughout, the course today that, 
within that big umbrella, our slice is payer and provider and within that 
mostly payer. 
 And if you just look at the payer space in the U.S., there's maybe just 
under 300 payers out there. Maybe not all of them are candidates to be 
clients of ours, but most of them are. So it's a pretty finite group of 
prospects that we're going after. And we don't have to do lots of analytics 
around our prospective client base. Our services and solutions  are 
diverse enough that we can service the biggest of the big, as well as the 
small and mid -sized markets equally as well. We've got a pretty diverse 
portfolio set and are pretty adaptable to matching those with the right 
type of health plan client. I think that was it. 
 Let me jump into my slides. Okay, so what we want to talk about today in 
terms of the growth story is really three things. One, at the beginning of 
our time today, Ramesh, pulled up some information about how we've 
grown this past year both with our large clients, our top five, as well as the 
rest of the business. The top five was about 10%, the rest of the business 
I think was closer to 30%. Great year last year consistent with how we've 
done in prior years. Why do we think we're going to continue growing at a 
healthy pace? 
 Then we'll get into the small markets, smaller and mid -sized plans I 
should say. A much higher growth rate, why we're bullish on the 
continuation of that trend, how that fits into our larger strategy. And then 
third, our new services, new offerings, some e xamples of what's in the 
works right now. Some of it you heard today. Those are coming both from 
internal R&D as well as M&A activity, but that's kind of the third leg of the 
growth story that we'll hear today. 
 And then before I started to get into those details, we didn't call it out 
specifically in the context of pipeline accelerators, but you did hear a lot 
about channel or partners that we're using, solution partnerships, 
technology partnerships, analysts and advisors, things of that nature. I'd 
say in the past we did a little bit of a restructuring a few months ago in a 
===== PDF PAGE 63 =====
 
Page | 62  
way that has really unlocked a lot of activity within our company around 
working with partners, analysts, advisors. And we've gotten some really, 
really good traction just over the last few months. And I'll go as we 
continue through this portion of it into a little bit of detail about how that's 
manifesting itself with our pipeline and how that fits into our growth story 
as well, okay. 
 So let's start with the continued expansion of our top accounts. Ramesh 
had mentioned that there had been some conversation with this group or 
similar groups about, hey, we've had these big clients for years and years 
and years. They've continued to provide steady growth. How can that be, 
right? How can that continue on indefinitely? Couple that with a lot of the 
conversation that we've had today and a lot of the questions that we 
received today about the role of AI and how that is going to could 
cannibalise our revenue models and things of that nature. 
 So how are we going to do that? Here's what I want to talk about. One, we 
have this legacy that goes way back around 25 years of continuing to grow 
those relationships. That's way too long to ignore to think it's just going to 
end in one year because we ha ve a new technology environment or the 
industry is going through some duress right now. So history and the 
historical context is certainly part of it. 
 More importantly and more detailed and factual is when you look at our 
and we'll take; we've been talking somewhat interchangeably about our 
top five clients as well as the seven of the top 10 nationals that we're 
working with. I think you're all familiar enough with the space to know who 
those big national plans are, and probably have some understanding 
about their buying behaviours and things like that. But what we have here 
is a depiction of the penetration of those top seven or the seven national 
plans that are clients of ours across our service offerings. And just to 
provide a verbal key, the blue dots indicate we have a presence in our 
practice area with these clients. 
 The solid, if it's really solid we have a stronger presence. If it's a little less 
hollow it's a little less so meaning there's room to grow there. The greens 
are where we're pretty solid in there. Maybe not a whole lot of growth 
potential in those particu lar practice areas, but most importantly the 
empty purple circles represent where we aren't doing anything with those 
clients in those practice areas and is really the growth opportunity that we 
have in the coming years. 
 So I think even our team is a little caught off guard that we really have one 
client where we are present in all five. Two clients where it's four or five 
===== PDF PAGE 64 =====
 
Page | 63  
and plenty of growth opportunity in the rest. So that is one of the things 
that really excites us about continuing that growth story with our large 
clients. 
 And then lastly as regarding this segment of our customer base is we've 
had some real success with very unique different types of business 
models. You heard Roopam mention managed services and he gave a real 
live example of a different kind of a construct that's been a winner for us. 
We also have two contracts right now where we are helping our clients 
who happen to be national plans build out captive operations or build 
operate transfer types of arrangements where just by the nature of those 
types of deals, the relationship with those clients really changes. We're at 
a different, we're no longer in that vendor client relationship. We truly are 
partners. We're helping them build their future operations. And we see 
more room to grow with those types of deals. 
 And then lastly, we heard a lot about the MLR, the medical loss ratio types 
of services. Those as we move from the time and materials, basically the 
per transaction, the per hour types of billing arrangements into these 
types of constructs where we're delivering an outcome, we take on some 
risk, again, that takes you to a different level. We see a lot of promise and 
continuing to grow with those types of contractual arrangements. 
 My reflex is always to say do you have any questions, but I know I'm not 
supposed to do that, so I'll hold off on that. Okay. Two, the small and mid-
market. So that table that we had in the previous slide, we kind of turned 
it upside down and wanted to show, how; the rest of our clients, the vast 
majority of our clients, we're really only in with one service line. I came 
from the BroadPath acquisition where we had roughly 30 clients. Of those 
30 clients, maybe three had multiple lines of business when mapp ed to 
the Sagility portfolio. Tremendous growth opportunity with those. And 
that 30% where here we saw or 28.5%. We see this continuing certainly 
over the next couple of years as we get the story out. 
 And frankly, and I meant to mention this at the outset, as the industry is in 
this period right now where medical loss ratios are going up. The small 
and mid-market plans really, really, really need firms like us to help them 
even keep up with the national s. So there's a lot of growth potential with 
those. I'm going way too fast I think.  
 And then finally strategic market expansion. We heard some of the story 
today about the Synchrony suite of solutions, really made tailored 
towards that mid -market, but it's going to be a growth driver for us. The 
market is ripe for it. We're counting on a lot for that. That is an example of 
===== PDF PAGE 65 =====
 
Page | 64  
a build, coming out of our own R&D, leveraging a lot of partnerships, 
which also serve as their own accelerators. They've got their own growth 
organisations, their own pipelines. We support each other when it comes 
to that. 
 There's different flavours obviously of going to market with those, going to 
our existing clients with those workflow solutions, going to our partners 
clients with those workflow solutions, and then going to a net new for both 
of us. So it really does serve to accelerate the growth of the pipeline. Two 
that were acquired in terms of capabilities, the Medicare acquisition you 
heard earlier today that was one of the key offerings that came with the 
BroadPath acquisition. It was something Sagility didn't do. It's a new 
offering that we are now going to the Sagility book of business and expect 
a lot of success there. 
 And then before prior to the BroadPath acquisition, we acquired a 
company called DCI, which was an end -to-end payment integrity 
solution. Similar story in that kind of white space, green space for the 
Sagility book of business, also conveniently for the Br oadPath book of 
business as well that we're going to continue to leverage those to get 
some growth. And then HEDIS and Star's is a last example of R&D driven 
innovation and new service lines, really focusing on the revenue side for 
our clients, making sure they're maximising their reimbursements on their 
government contracts and things of that nature. So I'm sorry. It was really 
fast. 
 And with 16 minutes left, I would certainly say, yes, let's take some 
questions, but I know my team is terrified, if I were to answer any. So 
maybe I suggest instead we start the Q&A, the general Q&A a little bit 
earlier. Is that appropriate? Okay. Is that good? 
 All right. So we're going to pull some chairs up. Do you want to hand one 
to me? 
Question-and-Answer Session 
Dhaivat Mehta: Okay. So we had a few questions come in from the QR code, which was 
scanned. I would say most of them when we went through it were also 
asked by many of you when the mic came to you earlier. So we won't 
repeat those questions so that we can actually move o n to more live 
questions from all of us here. Some of our leaders are on stage and you 
know others are here as well. 
===== PDF PAGE 66 =====
 
Page | 65  
 I'll request the mic volunteers to be bold and not be shy. So if the mic 
volunteers can be in the middle of the hall, Shiva, if the mic volunteers 
can be a bit more bold and so that we can make sure the mic reaches the 
person who wants to ask the question.  I will step off the stage and if you 
can please raise your hand the mic will come to you quickly and we'll try 
to answer that question. 
Roopam Narayan: I think there were two questions which I had noted down which I didn't get 
the time to respond. One of the question was from you ma'am in terms of 
asking if the managed services case study was for the top five client or it 
was from there. So you probably saw it in Chris' slide, it's actually part of 
the top seven. It's one of those smaller LOBs of that client, and that's why 
it's a 25 million opportunity. So the way to think of it is that in a very large 
plan those LOBs exist where they cann ot focus all the time on that and 
therefore they become the right candidates for managed services kind of 
outsourcing. So hope that answers your question. 
 I think there was a question from behind somebody had asked in terms of 
why people for managed services would choose Sagility versus 
competition. I think that was the question. Yes. So there is no right for us 
to go and demand the business as such. Competition is going to be there, 
competition is tough. They're equally good competitors in the market. The 
way to look at is in a managed services place where it comes is that if 
you're already there running that shop or running that business for the 
client, client has seen you perform. That's the first thing and that's where 
our delivery leader is here and we'll interact later on. 
 A very strong delivery track record, then Sri took about showed all those 
benefits we have consistently delivered over a period of time, 11.4 million 
of administrative saving, 5 million saving on late payment interest etc. All 
that we have already demonstr ated. Now it becomes an easier 
discussion that if you give me this business where you've seen me deliver 
the day-to-day operation as well as transformation and now I'm going to 
risk my dollars, my money on delivering the result and transformation. I'm 
actually the risk mitigated partner for you to deliver those services. So 
that's the reason why we compete well in that kind of a space.  
 And it's always going to be, is that customer will create their own internal 
ROI or case of how much investment they need, what is the benefit they'll 
get internally at enterprise level and they'll compare with ours if we are 
giving better results, the bus iness will likely come to us. So that's the 
case. Of course and internally also it's that their control points etc which 
we have to take care of in the customer side. 
===== PDF PAGE 67 =====
 
Page | 66  
 Somebody may want to give their business, somebody may not want to 
give their business, keep it in-house. So those kind of things happen. But 
roughly speaking, the reason why I made very clear managed services, we 
are specifically targeting where we have i ncumbency, where we have a 
track record of delivering is because exactly the point that you're bringing 
out. That's a competitive strength there, okay. So these were the two 
questions. I don't think I had any other question, which I have not 
answered in that time. So, we'll go from the new ones. 
Siddharth Vora: Yeah. Siddharth Vora from HSBC Mutual Fund. I'd like to ask a few 
initiatives which you will be doing for more cross sell of services. We saw 
a lot of scope in terms of top clients or mid and small clients as well that 
many of them are dominant on the clai ms management side, but other 
segments may be not working. So what is happening or it's purely a client 
maturity curve in terms of what they are accepting upfront and what they 
will do later on? More ideas or more initiatives in that? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah, I'll start it off and then maybe Chris and even Roopam can add to 
that, right? So you're right, right? So if you look at the -- we've answered 
this question before. If you look at the journey of outsourcing, people took 
some of the more administrativ e aspects as the easy candidates for 
outsourcing and offshoring. So claims was one of those candidates that 
a lot of the payers chose as their first option to outsource. One of the 
things that we've spoken to you and hopefully came out toda y is clinical 
is a big growth area for us. 
 And clinical is in the relative scheme of things, it's a newer area, right? So 
most of the payers, I would say started looking at clinical not more than 
five to 10 years ago, right? Even our oldest clinical client is about probably 
10, 12 years old. That's  because there was the belief that the work was 
complex and the work couldn't be delivered by a partner and especially in 
an offshore kind of a situation, right. So and that's changed over the last 
10 years. 
 We've proven to clients that we have the capability to find the right skill 
set even in some of our offshore locations. And we can deliver it to the 
same level of quality and outcomes that they can in-house. And the MLR 
being a big issue, like you heard today, people are now more open to even 
newer programs. So Krithika spoke about care management and so on. 
As long as you can show an ROI, people are willing to spend. 
 So it's not a question of I'm currently spending X and I want to reduce that. 
It's even if you want me to spend incremental, if you can show an ROI in a 
new program, I'm willing to spend that. So that's a completely new avenue 
===== PDF PAGE 68 =====
 
Page | 67  
for growth. And then some of the capabilities were acquired capabilities. 
We were doing payment integrity, but we didn't have the end -to-end 
payment integrity capability. 
 That acquisition got us those capabilities. And payment integrity is an 
opportunity where clients are not constrained by how many vendors they 
have. So it's more if you can identify additional dollars, then I'm happy to 
give it to you because you may not b e the first pass vendor, but you may 
be a second or a third pass. You can still identify opportunities, you get 
paid. So those new capabilities are so obviously things that we can take 
to our existing clients. 
 So that's why you see some of the white spaces, either because we didn't 
have those capabilities up until recently or even in the evolution of 
outsourcing, some of those areas are more recent than the others. 
Chris Shiffert: Yeah, I'd say I have one. The other if you looked at that chart and put, years 
of tenure by it, that would follow one, two, three, as well. In some cases, 
it just takes some time. Regarding the small and mid-market, there is still 
especially in that, we'll call it small and Roopam defined mid-market as a 
million and less, if small is 500,000 or 400,000 and less. There's still an 
awful lot of mission driven non -profit plans out there that really resisted 
outsourcing and still do to a large degree. 
 And they are now forced as I hate to use that term, but the per member 
per month admin costs of the large nationals and even that next level 
down is so low compared to theirs. They're almost at a point where they 
have no choice. They really need to do some thing to address those 
administrative costs just to stay just to keep up with the rest of the 
industry. So that's taken some time, but it's changing, it's actually 
changing pretty rapidly. 
 The MLR charts that Ramesh showed, those so yeah, we took the publicly 
available information and showed you. That dynamic exists throughout 
the industry. So just the confluence of those two things is going to drive a 
lot more people towards specialists like us to help take some of the cost 
out. Hope that answered the question. 
Anil Nahata: Thanks for a great set of presentations and demos. This is Anil Nahata of 
Parami Financial over here. I have a few questions. One is in terms of 
GTM, where you go to a customer who is a new customer to you 
essentially or one of the areas where outsourcing has not been explored 
much. What is the typical kind of a sales cycle and the time that you need 
===== PDF PAGE 69 =====
 
Page | 68  
to convince a customer? And typically, how much kind of effort and do 
you need actual data to go along with the customer in such cases? 
Chris Shiffert: What was the last part of the question? 
Anil Nahata: Do you need to actually demonstrate some data or some outcomes to the 
customer as a pilot or something? 
Chris Shiffert: Sure. So in those, there's a few a couple of ways to answer that. One, and 
this came through some of the acquisitions that Sagility has made with 
the Payment Integrity and BroadPath. Our solutions in the Payment 
Integrity example, they pay for themselves. It's an easy ROI and it helps 
that we don't get paid unless we find some money to recover. 
 On the BroadPath side, that company grew up solving very immediate 
niche problems for plans, very low barriers to entry, oftentimes very, very 
short contracts. And part of the acquisition was, okay, let's leverage that 
to get into more new logos. And that' s certainly been a proven path of 
success. Then the last thing I would say is, I mentioned the accelerators, 
the advisors and analysts. Those personally are my favourite. If a plan, if 
a potential client has engaged with an independent, a third-party advisor, 
either be it one of the big four, somebody who specialises in healthcare. 
We're making sure that those firms know who we are and what we do. 
 They are in a very strong position to help a client you know define their 
problem, evaluate potential solutions, basically get about a third of the 
way through the sales cycle and then call us and certainly some 
competitors too. But all that really, really  hard work upfront that takes a 
long time in a sales cycle and can be very difficult for a vendor to 
manoeuvre. If a third-party is doing that and we're jumping in the middle 
of the sales cycle, it compresses the time it takes to win that business and 
it's much more clearly defined for us. 
Anil Nahata: So you would say in the third case that you were explaining about with the 
third-party involved and all, it will be a factor of somewhere between six 
to 12 months kind of a thing or lesser than that? 
Chris Shiffert: I'm sorry, I didn't catch that. A sales cycle? If a third-party is involved, it's 
much shorter. Yes, closer to the six, right. 
Anil Nahata: Thank you for that. The second question is when the customers are 
looking at non which are not basically outcome based contracts, so you 
don't have an outcome based contracts and now you're having the agents 
coming. So there's a new way of looking at thing s from different from an 
===== PDF PAGE 70 =====
 
Page | 69  
FTE kind of a thing. So how are the customers looking at pricing and how 
are you looking at pricing in those scenarios? 
Roopam Narayan: I think I can take that. So one is, which is usually the rebids, which are not 
very good for vendors, if you're not the incumbent rebids, your chances of 
success are very, very low. And we are obviously not in the business of 
cutting the FTE hourly rates a nd then going with the lower option. That's 
not usually not our area. So even clients who are going with saying that 
there's no managed services and we don't even have adequate data to 
give a managed services proposal, what we are providing is we're giving a 
roadmap, I mean in many places we have gone through a standard T&M 
based approach. 
 I mean, one client that we grew last year quite a bit, server managed this 
one when the process stabilised and we showed that they had 18, 19 
claims per hour, we started doing 25, 26 claims. Then we said that look, 
how are we doing this? Why don't we convert into transaction rates so that 
we share the benefits together? So that's what was this one. And now 
we're negotiating and discussing other models which can incentivise both 
the organisations. 
 So yes, when there's a new client acquisition, we have to go by the 
process, whatever is the client's process, but we give them in advance a 
roadmap that look, we may enter like this and in clinical cases, even with 
large, very large payers we have done th is is that we understand your 
problem, but we also understand your process that you're going to give us 
partial volumes, income competition with others, our rate card has to be 
in line with that, we are perfectly okay with it. 
 But that's not why we are focusing on this business is that we agree to 
take you through the journey into partial outcomes and then fully 
outcome based kind of model, which fortunately for us some of our 
competitors and many of the incumbents are not even trying to do to their 
own business. So we are coming as disruptors there. So the differentiator 
is now or later in future, you will still require a Gen AI infused outcome 
based model so that you can get benefited by the new technology which 
is coming in w ithout you yourself having to take the risk and cost of 
implementation of a new technology. 
Anil Nahata: Thank you for that. And my final question is on the two segments that you 
are having, the broad segments, the payer and the providers. Of course, 
90% of our business is the payer business, but you have a 10% on the 
provider side also. So how do you see thi s provider side going forward? 
And what is your focus on that business? 
===== PDF PAGE 71 =====
 
Page | 70  
Ramesh Gopalan: Yes, I'll take that question, right? So yes, in the interest of time, we didn't 
get into the provider business today. But I've taken up this question in the 
past. Providers is a segment that in the past historically, our focus is a lot 
more on the payer si de, but we are doubling down on the provider side 
also. 
 If you look at one of our Agentic AI solution was focused on the revenue 
cycle. So today, we are looking at the process and that is more amenable 
to an Agentic solution because that's in a lot of cases, that's also currently 
an outcome based model. Provide rs, especially in the back end of the 
revenue cycle, they give us work and they pay us on outcomes, the cash 
that we collect for them. So we get the data from the client and everything 
else is dictated by us, starting with predictive modelling on what cla ims 
are likely to get denied, what claims we should follow-up at what point in 
time and so on. And so all of those point solutions are already there. 
 Now we are doubling down and saying, can we create an Agentic layer on 
top of that and bring a lot more efficiencies to that process. So yes, that's 
also in the same roadmap with respect to technology and transformation. 
And we intend to double down on the provider business. And some of the 
other opportunities that we're also looking at providers, some of the 
solutions that Krithika was talking about in the clinical space, right? 
Today, a lot of what we do in provider is the traditional RCM based 
services. But we are also trying to take some of the capabilities that we've 
built on the payer side with respect to some of our clinical solutions and 
trying to take them to the provider. 
 So from both those aspects, we are likely to focus a lot more on the 
provider and hopefully accelerate the growth on that side of the business 
too. 
Atul Mehra: This is Atul Mehra from Motilal Oswal. Thank you once again. I have a 
question for Chris. If you had to grow at 2x the growth that you are 
currently growing at, what are the key constraints in terms of either teams 
or time or if you can explain with some examples? Thanks. 
Chris Shiffert: It's less of a constraint than more of a what's the business mix, right? 
Some of our offerings implement much faster. Some of them take a long 
time. So growing at a rate like that is certainly doable for us. We have a 
very scalable model, our operations are, just the global footprint that we 
have that removes a lot of constraints that certainly I was used to at 
BroadPath. 
===== PDF PAGE 72 =====
 
Page | 71  
 But I'll go back to that my initial answer. It really depends on the business 
mix as some are harder to implement, take longer to implement than 
others. 
Atul Mehra: But in terms of like you showcased in your presentation there are so many 
low hanging fruits in terms of cross sell, in terms of the new logos you'll 
have added etc. So typically when it comes to a client conversion, to like 
from a conversation to a conversion. I think there was question previously 
as well in terms of the lead cycle it takes and so on. So what is like in the 
conversation to conversion, what are the key roadblocks you all face 
when a conversion doesn't happen? 
Chris Shiffert: So because a lot of times it's the first conversation they've had on some 
of these topics especially with those smaller plans, right. Nobody's 
approached them before with a, hey, we've got this clinical service, here's 
the value it provides. So you are in itiating the sales process as opposed 
to, if they've identified a problem internally, organise an initiative to go find 
a solution for it. So that's where we are with a lot of the, especially, the 
smaller clients where there is that green spaces. 
 We're introducing that, maybe they thought of it before, but they never did 
anything about it. So it just takes longer that way when we're the ones that 
are the -- we're the impetus for picking up the initiative, not them. 
Atul Mehra: And if there was one thing you could do, which you are not doing currently 
to further accelerate growth, what would that be? 
Chris Shiffert: One thing, you want one thing?  
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. I can talk of one other things, right? One of the things that 
historically we didn't do well and like Chris said, we've started focusing a 
lot more is the partnership ecosystem. So thanks to both Roopam and 
Chris, and another teammate of ours. We've  started focusing a lot more 
on the partner ecosystem. It does two things. One, it enlarges the scope 
of what you can deliver. The Synchrony suite of solutions is something 
that we couldn't be delivering on our own. We need partners for that. 
 And two the point that Chris made, the minute we start working with a 
partner, it also kind of opens up other opportunities that you didn't have 
because they have their own pipeline. So that becomes part of your 
pipeline now. And so you can not only take their solutions to your existing 
clients, but it also opens up another channel of pipeline. I think that's one 
thing, I would think, we didn't do so well in the past, which hopefully will 
result in more deals in the future. 
===== PDF PAGE 73 =====
 
Page | 72  
Baidik Sarkar: Thank you. Ramesh, hi. This is Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. I think 
what my industry colleague was trying to ask you was what kind of growth 
rates are you willing to commit to yourself and us today evening. So if you 
could please address that for all of us, point number one. And my end of 
the question is, look, we've been acquisitive for the right reasons. But like 
Chris said, there continues to be enormous amount of white spaces. So 
given that we're very close to deleveraging event in J anuary of 2027, our 
cash accretion is what it is, how close are we to another M&A event? And 
what white spaces are we looking at? And financially, what kind of ROIs 
do you expect from that given sales cycles given the valuations are? So if 
you could just marry these three answers into a simplistic narrative. 
Ramesh Gopalan: First of all, Atul is very open. So he can ask, if he really wants to know the 
growth rate, he would asked it specifically. But yeah, look, specific 
guidances we'll give with our earnings call that will happen in May. But 
broadly, given all that you heard today, we believe that there is no reason 
for us not to grow at historical growth rates. So that's the broad guidance 
I'd give. While there's been a lot of questions around AI and its impact and 
its disruption and so on. 
 There's nothing internally that we believe will constrain us from 
continuing to grow at historical rates. The questions around can you 
accelerate it further and so on are good questions, and obviously, we 
would also like to grow faster than we are growing today. But at least one 
thing that I can say, what we see, at least for the near term, I don't want to 
make a five year projection, is we will continue to grow at historical rates 
in the, like I said, low double -digits to mid -teens kind of a number. But 
specific guidances for the next financial, we will give closer to the 
earnings call. 
 Your second question, yes, M&A has always been a strategy of ours. And 
like I've said, historically, two reasons we do M&A. One, the BroadPath 
kind of M&A was more to get access to clients. And like Chris said, we 
have about 30 odd clients where we just do  one service today, opens up 
a huge opportunity to cross sell other services. 
 And the second thing is from a capabilities point of view. Unfortunately, 
there are not a lot of BroadPath like targets, especially focused on 
healthcare alone, because that, I mean, we'd always love to shorten the 
sales cycle. And if there's an established relationship that makes the job 
much easier. But there are not a lot of BroadPath like targets available. 
 So most of the acquisitions are going to be more capability focused. And 
as you saw in the presentation today, we are emphasising a lot more on 
===== PDF PAGE 74 =====
 
Page | 73  
our clinical solutions, right. So there's going to be, I mean, there are a 
couple that we are evaluating, and I can't comment on how soon or how 
longer it will take to close those. But if we were to do an acquisition, the 
ones that we are looking at currently are more in the clinical domain. 
 And yeah, ROI from an acquisition is obviously, as part of the business 
case, we anything that we pay, the multiples we pay compared to our 
current multiples and what's the accretion or dilution, all of those get into 
the equation. Most of the times, I mea n, from an ROI perspective, 
acquisitions have worked for us, at least the recent ones that we've done. 
And you can rest assured that we'll pay the right value and make it 
accretive in the long run. 
Chetan Shah: Hi, this is Chetan Shah from Jeet Capital. Just continue to what Baidik is 
trying to understand and something add to that. Can you just give us some 
idea about you like we have spent plenty of time on AI and AI related thing, 
whether it is a disruptor or an enabler or whatever it is all about. Bu t can 
this automation of business implementation to our clients, thanks to AI 
and AI related activity, increase the size of the opportunity for us, one part 
that. 
 And second, some of the clients who are at the sideline as of now, either 
due to the cost, second due to any other reason can come into the fold of 
our opportunity space. 
 And third and most important which some portion Chris answer is that 
sales cycle is little longer. One of the reason is the implementation of 
some of the modules of our businesses takes time and this can AI enable 
that to do it at a much faster pace and su ddenly the client will be more 
than happy to get into the opportunity without disrupting his activity or 
ongoing business? These are the three. 
Ramesh Gopalan: I'll try and remember the three, anybody wants to pick up. Roopam, you 
want pick up any of that? 
Roopam Narayan: Yeah. I can take that and same thing probably you'll have to help me with 
the parts of the question. AI is definitely speeding up implementation and 
time to revenue for us. But there are certain cycles that you have to be 
clear of, like Medicare life cycl e product that we talked about. AEP does 
not start till October. So even if we go sign the deal now, it's not going to. 
And really speaking, the strength is going to come in next calendar year, 
because the new plan benefit filing or new bene fit design that the client 
will do is actually for calendar year '28. So it's really we have to time our 
revenue projection based on when these new services will get consumed 
===== PDF PAGE 75 =====
 
Page | 74  
by the customer. And that happens based on the cycle of the business 
that goes on there. 
 Similarly, things like payment integrity. Even when we implement 
everything and start recovering or start showing which are the claims to 
be recovered or something, till the time recoveries actually happen, we 
don't get the revenue. So there is a cycle for  the implementation, the 
readiness of the client side to flag those identified claims, review that and 
say, okay, now you go recover and then recoveries happen. So there are 
certain business cycles that we cannot speed up even with Gen AI or 
without Gen A I because those are business cycles, not operational 
cycles. 
 But then the other part of where the implementation, the IT services 
components and all, definitely there are lot of accelerators have come 
into the market. The testing has become much simpler, faster. So those 
things are taken care of. But they are all, they are just allowing us as to be 
right on time, quality and costs and be delivered in time. 
 The real cycle is the business cycle, which is linked to AEP, linked to 
claims recoveries, linked to claims processing actually starting. Most of 
the cutovers that happen when they change vendors or something is data 
service based and that is because healt h plans have accumulators in 
your annual this one is that your total service that you have deductibles, 
etc., is by calendar year. So a lot of those plans will not start with a new 
vendor on -- with the date of service date of anything other than January 
1. So these are some of the constraints that we cannot change, okay? So 
that's really on the cycle. 
 The other two questions, if you can just come back on. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. First question, I mean, hopefully, I'll answer it, but hopefully 
throughout the day today, that's what we were trying to address. The one 
message that I want all of you to take over is we are not viewing Gen AI as 
a disruptor. Yes, it is going to di srupt, but we are viewing Gen AI as 
something that's going to expand the scope of what we can offer and 
accelerate our growth. So if that's one message that I want all of you to 
take back today is that message. 
 To the question on how are you protecting your revenues, we don't want 
to use the term of protecting our revenue, because we are in the business 
of adding value to our clients. We are not going to stop generating 
efficiency because we have to protect our revenue. Our job is to generate 
===== PDF PAGE 76 =====
 
Page | 75  
efficiencies and pass on those efficiencies to the client and make the 
relationship stickier so that we can continue to grow with those clients. 
 So with that in mind, so we are not using the term protecting our revenue. 
We are using the term, we will embrace Gen AI, we will generate those 
efficiencies, we'll give them back to the client, and we'll use these new 
models to go to our existing clients and other clients and win more 
business, right? So that's -- and you've seen with a number of use cases 
how we can enlarge the scope of what we do. Managed services, Roopam 
gave the example, a current 6 million can actually become a 20 million, 
even though, I'm committing to a 5 million cost takeout. 
 There are models like that. We spoke about MLR, but it's not a question of 
cost of service reduction, but it's more a return on investment decision. 
So there are a number of examples we've given today to kind of dispel the 
notion that you have to view AI p urely as a disruptor to your revenue. But 
hopefully the message we are trying to deliver is AI can also accelerate 
our growth. 
Chetan Shah: Yeah, thank you so much. And just one very specific question. In of the 
clients and this is completely my personal assessment speaking to some 
of your existing or potential customer. One reason why the things get 
delayed is internally within the top or th e mid layer team, is not ready to 
bring such technology into the system because some of them may 
become redundant within the organisation. Is there also one of the reason 
why, this is what we are getting the feedback. I'm not sure about this, but 
I'm just want to clarify that. 
Ramesh Gopalan: I'll start and I'll ask Madan or someone else to right, which is very true. In 
healthcare in general, you can probably know this, that adopting newer 
technologies takes time. And hopefully, one of the things that we also told 
you is, one, they are slow in general. Two, also it's the nature of the 
industry. The regulatory complexity, all of the data protection, data 
privacy, all of those things generally are reasons why clients take more 
time to make sure that they don't do something that's going to cost them 
millions and billions of dollars to fix. 
 So a lot of times our use cases, while we have the capability to deploy 
some use cases, we are waiting for clients to give us permission to do 
that, because we are still working on the frameworks for the guardrails 
and how they -- the whole framework for deploying AI. Madan you wanted 
to… 
===== PDF PAGE 77 =====
 
Page | 76  
Madan Moudgal: Yeah. So one of the things that to make AI effective and impactful, you 
need to organise your data. And that can be time consuming if you have 
not already taken the time to, for instance, build to do the data 
aggregation, build your data lakes and such th at allow for this curated 
data then to be made readily available, it can be less than the impactful. 
 So sometimes when we talk to our clients, they're busy fixing those things, 
and so they may want to delay or put us off for a period of time. There's 
still ways in which that we can bring about some change and make an 
impact, but we have to work around tho se constraints. Gen AI by itself 
can be an accelerator there, but there also as Ramesh pointed out, some 
amount of trepidation around, well, how is this going to expose us to 
certain risks? And then there are governance committees that get 
involved. They want to have their say. 
 So there's all of these types of gates that you have to cross before you get 
to the point of saying, okay, we get it, now we can move forward. A lot of 
times, we will get the buy in from our business partners on the client side. 
The IT partners sometimes w ill take longer to come around, and give us 
the go ahead. So it's just the nature of the process, and we need to work 
through it. 
Namit Arora: Thanks. Good evening, everyone. This is Namit Arora from IndGrowth 
Capital. Firstly, many thanks for putting the day together. It's been very 
useful to have the entire leadership team here. I have one question 
around competitive landscape. How do you look at that and there were a 
couple of interesting slides, one was where you had your ecosystem of 
partners, for example, you even mentioned CTS and others. 
 And the second, somebody mentioned that even when clients are looking 
at innovation, they've actually asked you to coordinate with several other 
players who may be your competitors. So give us some colour on how you 
think of competitive landscape for you, number one. 
 And number two is, as some of the larger other companies, let's say, like 
Accenture, IBM or Infy and others. I mean, I know your business is very, 
very specialised. You have domain knowledge. But as they sort of feel 
some pressure with AI and others, are t hey trying to make some inroads 
here? Just give us some thoughts on all of that. Thank you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah, I'll start off and Chris, Roopam can add to that, right? Look, in the 
space that we are in, which is, again, we define it as transforming 
healthcare operations. We come across a set of, I would say about five, 
six competitors in most scenarios, right. But the market is broad enough, 
===== PDF PAGE 78 =====
 
Page | 77  
I mean, if you look at the service lines, the service areas, the domain, it's 
large enough that there's ample room, in my view, for everybody to grow. 
 More importantly, the things that differentiate us from any of them is what 
I started the session with. Our domain expertise and our broad service 
portfolio are two things that we think are superior to most of our 
competition. And being focused on one indu stry has its benefits. 
Obviously, your market is restricted to that one industry. But everything 
that we do today is focused on solving business problems in that industry. 
 So a lot of our investments, be it in AI, be it in other tech solutions, is all 
extremely focused on solving business problems that most of our client’s 
encounter, right. So that gives us the razor sharp focus as well. And that's 
always helped us deal with competition. But to your point, yes, it's not a 
huge list of competitors, but we typically see the same five, six names 
when we compete. 
Roopam Narayan: Yeah. And I think you named names, so I'm not going to repeat them, but 
I'm just saying is that those vendors are already competitors for us. So it's 
no different from what's happening today. Yes, if they are pressured, they 
like to expand in the space we are in. But it's the same thing. They'll have 
to fight against our strong delivery, our incumbency, our relationships, our 
transformation that we are already bringing in. So we don't see that as a 
big threat that something will happen, because they have pressure on the 
IT services side and they'll come in, because they are already there and 
we are competing well against them. 
 And we have respect for those organisations, they'll definitely come with 
their strengths. But we have our own strengths in places they'll win, in 
places where we are winning we'll continue to win. So I think that 
ecosystem and that competitive dynamics is not likely to change. 
Ramesh Gopalan: And the other thing I want to point out to in addition to what Roopam said 
is, our pricing constructs that we spoke about. So we are not going to 
market as a software vendor. We are not charging license revenue. Yes, I 
mean, I'm not saying we'll charge ze ro implementation, but we can 
absorb some of those costs and amortise it over a period of time. So we 
are not looking at generating upfront revenue from some of the 
transformation that we do. So that's also a big advantage that we have 
compared to others who want to monetise it right up front. 
Namit Arora: Thank you very much, Ramesh, Roopam, and the entire team, and all the 
best to the entire team. Thank you. 
===== PDF PAGE 79 =====
 
Page | 78  
Pallavi Deshpande: Hello this is Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. The SaaS tools, 
I mean how has that uptick picked up? And in terms of our ability, our own, 
how many engineers would we have writing code? 
Madan Moudgal: Is your question more about how are we using Gen AI to improve the 
productivity of our own engineering stuff? 
Pallavi Deshpande: Right. 
Madan Moudgal: Okay. Yeah. So certainly, we have jumped in with both feet. We clearly 
understand the power that it gives us across the entire not just in from the 
standpoint of software coding, the entire software development life cycle. 
So there is an internal initiativ e that's underway. It started about a year 
ago, and we're coming up to a point where we're having our first 
measurement of the impact on that productivity gains. And the data so far 
is quite promising. So we will continue to double down on that. 
 We certainly see the benefits. At the same time, we are also, I would say 
cautious because it's a double edged sword. If you don't properly monitor 
and supervise the use of these tools, it can lead to some, not just bad 
practices, but it can also lead to errors entering into your code base. You 
have to be very careful about that because what we obviously don't want 
to do is to cause any of our clients to lose confidence in our abilities. So 
we are very carefully, but enthusiastically taking advantage of th ese 
capabilities. 
Ramesh Gopalan: And the other reason is we don't build these out to clients directly. So for 
us, any efficiency that we can generate is very important. So we have no 
hesitation in using it to the fullest to generate whatever efficiencies we 
can. 
Roopam Narayan: Just to complement Madan's team with the similar workforce type, the 
value creation projects that we are doing for top three clients, now we are 
doing for six clients. So obviously all the additive knowledge that we have 
built that Madan was showing those cumulative knowledge that also 
plays and also the productivity gains that we have with all these tools 
which are coming in. 
 So from with the similar cost structure, we are able to handle much larger 
client base for value creation projects. 
Pallavi Deshpande: My second question would be what would be like you showed us different 
pieces of examples here or there. So like if I look at it right from the typical, 
right from the start to the end, member enrolment and entire billing. 
===== PDF PAGE 80 =====
 
Page | 79  
Which pieces, or how should I say how do you imagine it with AI two years 
hence in this whole flow, where does which pieces get impacted most? 
Ramesh Gopalan: I'll give a broad answer and Roopam will probably add to that. We think 
every single process that you saw in our process thing can benefit from 
the use of AI. So I wouldn't say there's anything out there where AI can't 
add value. Like Madan said, even with in and those are all broader 
functions and processes. Within that process, the tasks at a task level, 
we may not deploy Gen AI across the board. 
 There are some tasks that can benefit through other forms of agents. But 
at a process level and at a function level, I think every function can take 
the advantage of AI. But in terms of the impact from an efficiency point of 
view, obviously processes which  consume a lot of unstructured data, 
we'll see a lot more benefits coming out of AI. Krithika and Ram showed 
the example of documents, 10 page, 50 page text. 
 Those kinds of documents when somebody has to manually go through 
them and make decisions and so on, versus the use of AI to at least put 
together the recommendation before the human reviews and makes the 
final call. The level of efficiencies that you can generate are far higher. 
Then a process which is already rules based on very structure. So that's 
the two ways I would answer the question. If Roopam, you want to add 
anything? 
Roopam Narayan: No, I'll just bring back the same point. We are not coming with a mindset 
of trying to see what's AI proof or reduced AI disruption, because that's a 
losing game in the long run anyway. So think of it as AI is going to penetrate 
every part of the operation s. Maybe some places your regulatory issues 
like anything which is about denial of access to care or delay of access to 
care or an adverse decision that you're making against a member or a 
provider. These will certainly require a lot of human involvement for sure. 
 But other than that, you will have AI. Now there's always going to be a 
degree of effectiveness of AI, a process which is using a lot of structured 
data, a process which has limited volumes in each type of, let's say, 
claims spends. There are hundreds of t ypes of claims spends with very 
low volume. Probably it will not be the right case for just going after Gen 
AI or reading SOPs and trying to solve this immediately. So we'll have 
those kinds of things which are coming up. 
 What we are looking at is assume that Gen AI is available as one more 
means of delivering the business process outcome. Now come with a 
solution which can handle and deliver client the outcomes. So our 
===== PDF PAGE 81 =====
 
Page | 80  
thinking is different from the productive mindset of saying is that let's go 
focus in areas which will not be impacted by Gen AI because that's not in 
my opinion, that's not a sustainable way of growing the business. I mean 
anybody else wants to add to that? 
Ramesh Gopalan: I think, yes, we've made that point. 
Ravi Menon: Hi, this is Ravi Menon from Macquarie Capital. Could you give a breakup 
of your payer revenue by service? That's how much would be claims, how 
much would be from Synchrony, how much would be provider that 
credentials validation stuff like that? 
Abhishek Kayan: So I mean our payer revenues are around 90% of our total revenues. One-
third of our payer revenues are claims revenues, one -third of our payer 
revenues are your clinical and payment integrity and the other one -third 
is a member and provider life cycle. 
Ravi Menon: And how about the payment integrity and all that? 
Abhishek Kayan: Payment integrity and clinical combined is closer to 30%, one-third. 
Ravi Menon: And Synchrony itself? 
Chris Shiffert: Synchrony cuts across, so we don't track it like that. We track things 
according to those service practice areas and Synchrony purposely cuts 
across all of that. 
Ramesh Gopalan: And from a capability evolution like I showed. So the first three pillars are 
what got us today, and then the automation of complex workflows and 
Synchrony, those are more forward looking. So those are solutions that 
we are taking to market currently for future proofing our business. 
Ravi Menon: And although you're very healthcare focused, I mean, how about 
adjacencies like say, in retail, I've seen that some of your competitors 
have, something for similar to the sort of leakages that are there and 
payments, you have solutions that could be addressed there? 
Ramesh Gopalan: No, at this point, we want to continue to remain a healthcare firm. Like 
I've mentioned in the past, we are thinking about relooking at the 
definition of healthcare that we've focused on in the past, which has been 
restricted to payers and providers. We might expand upon that definition 
and look at adjacencies within the healthcare space. But that's the extent 
to which we will go, at least in the foreseeable future. So we don't intend 
going to retail or financial services and so on. 
===== PDF PAGE 82 =====
 
Page | 81  
Varun Gandhi: Hi, I'm back here. Varun Gandhi from Finavenue Growth Fund, back here. 
So my question is and it's trying to understand the core of your business 
model. So we work with healthcare systems like Availity or Health Access. 
But Sagility's position, so we act as a traditional BPO provider by bringing 
in our clinically trained workforce and trying to orchestrate workflows. But 
beyond that, what's the sticky element that makes the customer stick to 
you? Is it the execution prowess that you demonstrate? 
 Just trying to understand what's the proprietary element here that Sagility 
brings to the equation? 
Ramesh Gopalan: I'm a little disappointed that after five hours, you're asking me that 
question. Anyway, so I mean, don't mind repeating. If we don't, if you look 
at me and my colleagues in the five hours, we didn't use the word BPO. 
Yes, broadly, you want to classify us as a BPO, yes, we are a BPO. But we 
are not in the business of clients defining the rules and the process 
documentation and we following the documentation to deliver an 
outcome. 
 We built this business over 25 years, and today we believe we have the 
domain expertise to redesign processes to give clients business 
outcomes through changes that they haven't been able to implement 
themselves. And if, yes, if that's something, is something that we've done, 
like I said, over 25 years, and that those capabilities is what differentiates 
us. To the question on competition, yes, there are other people who 
operate in the healthcare space. We differentiate because of the domain 
expertise that we bring in. 
 And all of our transformation capabilities are focused on solving specific 
business problems that our clients have. And that's what helps us win 
business and grow the business. So I don't know if Roopam or Chris want 
to add to that. But today, a large part of why we win is the fact that we have 
the deepest understanding of how the ecosystem works. We also have a 
very good understanding of our clients' ecosystem and what kinds of 
solutions are most relevant for our clients. 
 And so it's not always, order taker mentality. So it's not that the clients 
determine, what we should do at what point in time. Yes, the relationship 
might start that way, they have a need and they call us in, but the evolution 
of that relationship is we proactively taking solutions to them and solving 
their business problems. 
Varun Gandhi: Understood. My second question would be, you showcased many AI 
products that we have, but these will sit as wrappers on top of these 
===== PDF PAGE 83 =====
 
Page | 82  
healthcare systems that I earlier referred to. And so my understanding is 
that these products would largely be platform agnostic. If so, how 
susceptible are we to the risk that the healthcare system providers or 
these guys who are owning the tech stack, th ey tomorrow develop their 
own AI products to or Agentic AI products who are orchestrating the same 
workflows, then there's a good chance they may displace us. So some 
comments over there. 
Madan Moudgal: Yeah. I'll start by saying that what we take to and make available to our 
clients is not just the technology. It's the technology and the services 
together in a lot of cases. So the entities that you refer to as the health 
system I think you call them health system. I think you mentioned health 
equity and people like that. They're offering a technology by itself. So, yes, 
you're right that over time, you'll -- they'll embed more Gen AI. We expect 
them to. And we expect to take advantage of th e Gen AI capabilities that 
they've embedded in their platforms. 
 But there'll always be room for us to add additional value, because we 
combine those features with our additional services in order to deliver a 
full-fledged offering to them. That's of more value to them than just the 
technology by itself. 
Varun Gandhi: But then a lot of the value capture would happen on the tech layer, rather 
than the services layer? Just trying to understand. 
Madan Moudgal: I would say the value capture happens in the combination of the two. 
That's why we're delivering the value to them, in my view. 
Ramesh Gopalan: See, we are not going to market saying we have the Gen AI capabilities. 
The contracts that we are signing up with clients, we are still accountable 
for the business outcomes. That's the biggest difference. We are not going 
to, and Gen AI or any other solu tion is an enabler to delivering the 
business outcome because my clients are still holding me accountable 
for the business outcomes, irrespective of whether I use 50% automation 
or 80% automation. 
 So in the whole equation, whether it's and a lot of the platforms and 
Synchrony that we are talking about, the orchestration layer could be 
done by us, could be done by our partners, could be done by a 
combination of us and our partners. But ultimately, th e client is seeing 
value in what's the cost of delivering that and whether you're still 
committing to the same business outcomes. 
Varun Gandhi: Got it. So you're trying to say that the value is in the outcome rather than 
the process? 
===== PDF PAGE 84 =====
 
Page | 83  
Ramesh Gopalan: Yes. 
Varun Gandhi: Thank you for that. 
Roopam Narayan: I think the other way of looking at it is, I think you mentioned Availity, 
Health Access, a few of these kind of companies. So everybody has a Gen 
AI play, but it's restricted to their platform. And the platform is not an end-
to-end process, okay. The Syn chrony Medicare life cycle that we talked 
about, think of where it's from the design of the benefit products to filing 
to that benefit information moving into the sales system, the consumer 
portal, and somebody making sales calls, brokers ha ndling the same 
information, then you're enrolling the member, the same benefit 
information has to move into your premium billing and member 
enrolment system and into the claim system. 
 These are five, six different systems and everybody has Gen AI play in their 
own. But if I have to deliver this, which we are delivering as an outcome 
from end-to-end and that includes even paper fax enrolments which are 
coming in and which import and output is print out where you're sending 
out ID cards and everything is going to an external player. There's none of 
these platform vendors can have a Gen AI play across the entire life cycle. 
That's where we come in with an outcome-based solution and say that we 
have our own Gen AI agents, for example, fax intelligent content 
processing is with us, output management is with us, orchestration layer 
is with us and then we are calling and we are working with the Benefit One 
products, GenAI module. 
 So it's something like that you're basically taking the entire outcome, then 
coming in how you can deliver optimally with the each one of those 
platforms and utilising what's the core automation that has been built into 
the platform. 
Varun Gandhi: Effectively, you're saying that you're like the connection point between 
these different layers of system that we have? 
Roopam Narayan: Connection point, orchestration point, responsibility of human in the 
loop, outcome delivered to the end. 
Varun Gandhi: Got you. Thank you very much and thank you again for hosting us today. 
Roopam Narayan: Yes, thank you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: I think we are out of time. Any further questions, we can take your last 
question. 
===== PDF PAGE 85 =====
 
Page | 84  
Participant: I have a broad question on margin front and our employee headcount, like 
is there any possibility that as we are wrapping up the AI layer in our 
existing offering, client may ask for the benefit pass on in future? 
 And second, our margins are more than 22% or 25% year about. Is there 
any chances that it may face some sort of compression going forward? 
And on headcount front, you consider that going forward due to more and 
more AI led offering, we may reduce our headc ount significantly 
considering the current strength of near about 40,000 employee 
workforce? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Yeah. It's difficult today to give specific numbers. So but broadly, 
directionally, what we can say is, look, as we deploy more and more of 
this AI and Agentic AI solutions, if you look at our revenue productivity at 
a geo level, that is likely to signifi cantly improve. Our overall today, 
headcount and revenue per FTE is also determined by the geographic mix. 
We have people in the U.S. who generate higher revenue per headcount. 
We have people in India who generate much lower revenue per 
headcount, right? So that geographic mix is still going to play out in the 
future. 
 But if you look at like-to-like, if I look at the revenue per FTE per employee 
in India today versus what it's likely to be two years or three years down 
the road, it's likely to show a significant movement upwards. And then at 
the enterprise level, it wil l be a weighted average of what headcounts I 
have. So broadly, yes, We are confident that we'll be delivering more 
revenue per headcount at a geo level and depending on the business mix, 
it will also show up in the overall company level. 
 With that and with the growth rates that we are expecting, whether 
headcount will stay static, whether it will reduce or it will increase, but not 
increase at the same proportion as revenues, those are numbers we need 
to play out. But otherwise, at a geo l evel, like I said, you will see a 
significant improvement in revenue per headcount. 
Participant: On margins? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Margin, again, is a question of how we want to grow. So broadly, in the 
past, we've said that we are comfortable at the current margin levels we 
are in, while automation, transformation, Agentic AI could help us 
improve margins, we want to plow that back as benefits that we pass on 
to clients and continue to grow our business. And that broadly still 
remains the same. All of these tools will enable us to generate better 
===== PDF PAGE 86 =====
 
Page | 85  
efficiencies. It's a question of what portion of those efficiencies we pass 
back to clients versus what portion that we retain for ourselves. 
 And broadly, we are happy with the margins where they are, so we'll try 
our best to retain these margins, while utilising the benefits that we 
generate to help us continue to grow. So that's been the broad strategy 
even in the past, and we'll continue to do that in the future as well. 
Participant: Thank you. 
Pallavi Deshpande: If you look at outsourcing penetration, 20% or 40% in your top five clients. 
What is stopping the faster growth in the industry basically. I mean is it 
the client itself being hesitant to outsource this, and so then.. 
Chris Shiffert: I didn't understand the question. 
Ramesh Gopalan: Overall outsourcing penetration is low, what is stopping? 
Chris Shiffert: Overall across the industry is low. I mean healthcare has traditionally 
been the most conservative industry in terms of embracing outsourcing. 
A lot of that is regulatory driven. But I mean it's also, as always said 
healthcare and financial services are t he most personal industries out 
there, because they, I mean, you're talking about your health and your 
finances, the two most personal things to you. Companies are always, 
they position themselves as the trusted entity in that interaction. S o it's 
just natural that healthcare is more conservative that way. 
 But another way to look at it is we had a meeting a few months ago with 
one of the large consulting firms and they brought up the question of what 
really is a health plan? And it was a conversation that this gentleman said 
that he had been having with his health plan clients where they're really 
redefining what is core to their business. I mean 10 years ago you would 
have said clinical operations was core to their business and now that's 
the fastest growing segment of ours. 
 So I think health plans are also redefining, they're having that 
conversation constantly, which I think will lead to more outsourcing as 
they define what's really core to them, because they keep siphoning off 
processes and farming them out. 
Pallavi Deshpande: And lastly, how open would clients be to rewrite their processes to take 
advantage of Agentic AI? 
Ramesh Gopalan: Roopam, do you want to answer that? 
===== PDF PAGE 87 =====
 
Page | 86  
Roopam Narayan: I think most of them are very open. But I think if somebody also brought in 
this thing of that contention on the legacy IT platforms or something. So 
think about it as a business organisation. You will always go for projects 
which will give you highest return and quickest returns. So many of them 
having legacy IT platforms is a big drive already happening where they're 
changing their legacy systems, because the IT cost itself was very high. 
So now you have, I mean while we're not saying that  we are protected 
because of that, but that's also true. 
 I mean, if the saving of Generative AI and platform change is higher, is 
delivering higher returns and quicker returns, then the projects which are 
operational projects to implement Gen AI and reduce operational costs 
will take the backseat. So you will go with the higher ROI projects first and 
it's happened in a couple of cases for us where we have a clear path for 
the ROI and client has a very clear direction that they will use that in the 
Phase 2, Phase 1 for next two or three years as they are undergoi ng a 
platform change, because that's giving them $10 million, $12 million 
annual saving. And ours is giving them $1.8 million savings. So there's no 
competition when that happens. 
 So everybody is extremely keen to bring in Gen AI, but at what point of time 
depends on other competing projects which may deliver higher our ROI 
and quicker ROI. 
Pallavi Deshpande: Thank you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: So thank you again for everyone for coming. So we will break now for 
drinks and dinner, but we'll all be available outside so we can continue 
the conversation. Thank you. 
Dhaivat Mehta: Thank you, Ramesh. Thank you, everyone. Thank you for those amazing 
questions. I must thank our partners, CDR, Keystone and many of the 
teams that helped internally make this happen. All the teams at Sagility. 
Thank you once again. Let's continue this ove r dinner and drinks. Thank 
you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure 
high level of accuracy. 
 
 