===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
April 24, 2026 
 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers          Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500408  
Bandra – Kurla Complex Bandra (East)  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: TATAELXSI 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Investors’ Conference Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of  the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call for the quarter and year ended  
March 31, 2026, held on April 21, 2026. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call will also be made available on  the Company’s website  
at www.tataelxsi.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Elxsi Limited  
 
 
 
Sneha V 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
 
  
“Tata Elxsi Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
            
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANOJ RAGHAVAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 MR. NITIN PAI – CHIEF MARKETING AND CHIEF 
STRATEGY OFFICER – TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 MR. GAURAV BAJAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 MS. NEHA V. – COMPANY SECRETARY – TATA ELXSI 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. SHASHANK GANESH – ERNST & YOUNG 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Tata Elxsi Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star  and 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shashank Ganesh from EY. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Shashank Ganesh: Thank you very much. Good evening to all the participants on the call. Good morning if you're 
logging in from the western side. Before we proceed to the call, let me remind you that the 
discussion may contain forward-looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors. Therefore, it must be viewed in conjunction with business risk 
that could cause actual result performance or achievements that differ from what is expressed 
or implied by such statements. 
 To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have the Senior 
Management of Tata Elxsi represented by Mr. Manoj Raghavan, Managing Director and CEO, 
Mr. Nitin Pai, Chief Marketing and Chief Strategy Officer, Mr. Gaurav Bajaj, Chief Financial 
Officer and Ms. Neha V. , Company Secretary. We will start the call with a brief overview of 
the past quarter by Mr. Raghavan, followed by a Q&A session. 
 We would appreciate your cooperation in restricting yourselves to two questions to allow 
participants an opportunity to interact. If you have any further questions, you may join the 
queue and we will be happy to respond to them if time permits. With that, I would like to hand 
over the call to Mr. Manoj Raghavan. Over to you, Manoj. 
Manoj Raghavan: Thank you, Shashank. Very good evening to everybody who has joined us today. Welcome to 
the Q4 - '26 investor call. I hope that you and everybody in your family is safe and healthy. I 
am pleased to announce that we have delivered a healthy revenue of INR993.8 crores for the 
quarter, growing 0.9% quarter-on-quarter in constant currency terms. 
 In our transportation business, our revenues in Q4 FY '26 grew by 0.2% quarter -on-quarter in 
constant currency terms. We are delighted with two strategic wins, one in the APAC region 
from a new -age OEM and another from a next -generation mobility services company in the 
US, paving the path for business growth in coming quarters. 
 Our investment and efforts to pivot towards OEM business is delivering continued success, 
underscoring our strength in focused execution of chosen strategies. OEM customers now 
represent 77% of the revenue in this vertical. Our Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical de-
grew by 13.1% quarter -on-quarter in constant currency terms, impacted by delays in deal 
awards that we were expecting and prepared for in the quarter. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 However, during the quarter, we opened an offshore development center for the Japanese 
MedTech leader Terumo Corporation. This center brings together the power of design, 
engineering and digital to innovate their cardiac and vascular solutions. 
 I am happy to report that our Media and Communication business posted a 5.6% quarter -on-
quarter revenue growth in constant currency terms. This growth was led by continued deal 
ramp-ups, a strategic deal for AdTech and a Tier 1 US Telco. In the quarter, we also won a 
multi-year large deal from a world -leading device OEM for its portfolio of video and 
broadband products. 
 For the quarter, our EBITDA margin stood at 24.6%, improving by 130 basis points 
sequentially. This reflects a continued focus on operational excellence and margin 
improvement. In FY '26, we significantly advanced our adoption of GenAI. This was 
supported by partnerships with AI companies, launch of our own automotive SDLC platform 
DevStudio.ai earlier in this quarter, curated tool stacks and agent inventory, investments in 
infrastructure, sandbox environments with IP protection and data pr ivacy, and rigorous 
upskilling. 
 With these coordinated efforts, we are progressing steadily towards being an AI -native 
engineering organization, strengthening our differentiation and innovation quotient. I am 
pleased with our sustained and strong operational performance through segment -leading 
offshore delivery, continued transition to fixed- bid project ownerships, and the systematic and 
enterprise-wide adoption of AI-enabled efficiencies. 
 These levers strengthened execution discipline and productivity, driving consistent margin 
improvements throughout the year. As we enter the next financial year, we remain focused on 
scaling our differentiated design -led and AI -enabled offerings, strengthening operational 
leverage, and driving sustainable growth and healthy margins. Thank you and over to 
Shashank for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. Please go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Sir, of the deals you have won recently, how much of 
the value is coming from existing customers expanding their engagements or wallet share 
versus entirely new logos, and how has this mix evolved over the last two or three years? 
That's my first question. Thank you. 
Manoj Raghavan: Yes, I think if you look at it in any quarter, the new customers would contribute maybe 2% to 
2.5% of the revenue. So a large portion of the revenues come from existing customers and the 
deals that we win with them. However, we also see a good new set of customers that are 
coming in. For example, this quarter we have announced a deal with Terumo,. that's a new 
customer that set up an ODC with us in the Healthcare and Life Sciences space. Similarly, the 
deal that we announced in the automotive segment with the APAC customer, that is also a new 
customer for us. The deal that we announced in the Media and Communication space, the 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
multi-year deal, that's an existing customer of ours. So it's always a mix of existing as well as 
new customers. 
Sajal Kapoor: Sure. And just to follow up, I mean, is there a pattern where the new logos typically take X 
number of years to scale up or is there no such pattern? I mean, it depends from customer to 
customer? 
Manoj Raghavan: It depends on business to business, I would say. Usually, even if you win a deal, for it to make 
a significant impact, it takes anywhere between 9 months to 12 months for ramp -ups to 
actually happen and start delivering. 
Satjal Kapoor: Sure, that's helpful. And my second and last question is, you have highlighted AI -led 
productivity and a shift towards fixed- bid and platform -based delivery. Are these changes 
starting to alter pricing power and contract structures, or are they mainly improving internal 
efficiency so far? 
Manoj Raghavan: It's both. Definitely, we are using a lot of that for internal efficiencies. However, there are 
customers that are demanding better efficiencies, productivity and so on, which automatically 
leads to, if you're able to deliver that performance and productivity,  then a better pricing 
power. So it's a combination of both. 
Sajal Kapoor: Okay. Thank you. I'll rejoin the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question c omes from the line of Rishi Mody  from RDM Advisory LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Rishi Mody: Yes, hi. So my first question is pertaining to the quarterly result. So healthcare, we've declined 
13% Q-o-Q on constant currency in our revenue. Last quarter, you called out that probably Q3 
was the bottom. Just wanted to get your view that do we see Q4 as now the bottom or is there 
something which has changed over the past three months for us there? 
Manoj Raghavan: Yes, I think we were very optimistic that the healthcare business has reached the bottom and 
we will turn around. We were pretty confident because there were a few deals that we were 
bidding for, and we were pretty confident that we will be able to close those deals. 
Unfortunately for us, those deals have not closed, and that resulted in this situation that we've 
had. But, however, we still continue to carry those items in our high-probability funnel.  
 And in fact, a few of them actually we have closed in a couple of weeks in the new quarter , 
right? So I think I'm pretty hopeful that last quarter, Q4, was the bottom and we will be able to 
recover this. If we had closed these deals earlier in the quarter, then we would have had a 
fantastic exit to Q4 with all the three businesses really firing and so on. That is what we were 
all aiming for. But hopefully, it is just shifted by a quarter and we should be able to recover 
that position in Q1. 
Rishi Mody: Got it. So say Q1 plus Q4 combined should have positive growth over Q2 and Q3 if that's how 
I have to look at it. Second, on the USA business, the media and communications industry, the 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
consolidation seems to have happened. Are we now going to go back on the higher growth 
trajectory here, or is there something which needs to be recalibrated in USA a nd the media and 
communication both, sorry? 
Manoj Raghavan: No, so the media and communication business has smartly grown, especially for us in the US. 
But overall, the US business has declined a little bit. That is primarily because of the 
healthcare piece, because healthcare for us is largely US-focused. 
Rishi Mody: Okay, got it. Finally, more on a structural question. You'd mentioned in the past that now 
incrementally we are doing fixed contracts, which may or may not be a trend that we are 
following, but also we are doing longer -tenure contracts, which are not as profitable in year 1 
as, say, the earlier shorter-term contracts that we were doing.  
 But if you were to take, say, a two -year, three-year profitability combined, do we even out on 
our margins, or we'll take the hit on the margins, but we'll get higher absolute amounts? Is that 
the approach, or we have levers to get margins ramped up in year 2, year 3? 
Manoj Raghavan: Yes, so obviously, when we look at a three -year or a five -year deal, right, the initial one year 
would have a lot of costs involved. There could be sometimes rebadging costs, there could be 
acquisition costs and all of that. But,  however, when you look at a three -year or five-year, we 
definitely would be looking at seeing how we can improve our margins sequentially, quarter -
on-quarter and year -on-year. That is the focus for us. So definitely, we would want to bring 
back, and especially now with using AI, GenAI and so on, we have many, many ways of really 
bringing out the margins in a positive way. So I think that's what we're focusing on. 
Rishi Mody: All right. Finally, just a bookkeeping one, if I could get the utilization rate for the quarter? 
Gaurav Bajaj: It is about 73%. 
Rishi Mody: 73%. Got it. Thank you. That's it from my end. 
Gaurav Bajaj: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Moez Chandani from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Moez Chandani: Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question. My first question was on the broader 
transportation segment. So last year's been turbulent for the entire segment, but looking at Q4, 
I think things were flattish. What's your outlook for the transportation segment going into 
FY27? And for the overall business, is the aspiration still double -digit growth for the financial 
year? 
Manoj Raghavan: Yes, I think the good part for us is while, as you rightly said, the overall market outlook was 
sort of mixed throughout the last financial year, but we were still able to win some large deals 
and so on. In fact, even in Q4, we won some fantastic good opportunities for us, multimillion-
dollar deals. So what we are confident is that , look, some of the new deals that we have won, 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
we will be able to scale in the next 6 to 12 months ' time period. So that is what will help us 
really deliver growth in the automotive space.  
 Of course, on top of it, as we have been updating all the investors that we have been gradually 
moving to more and more of our business from the OEM side. I think today we are looking at 
about 77% of our revenues, 77% of the automotive revenues coming from OEM. So I think 
that pitch is also -- shift to OEM business is also helping us.  
 So I would say I'm still pretty optimistic about the overall automotive market. But , however, 
given the current geopolitical and all the war and all that, while we have the deals in hand and 
we will definitely look at ramping up and so on, there could be some amount of uncertainty. 
We are still talking to customers on that. Having said that, I think maybe we would look at a 
high-single digit exit, may not get into a double-digit for automotive. 
Moez Chandani: Understood. And the second question is on margins. Again, margins saw a very sharp 
improvement this quarter. What seems to be driving that , especially I think since utilization is 
still at about 73%, like you said ? And then in terms of sustainability for this margin 
improvement going forward, what would your comments be? 
Gaurav Bajaj: Hi, this is Gaurav. Let me answer that question. I think we have been talking about the margin 
for the past few quarters and I think we have been mentioning that we are making constant 
effort to go back to our original margin band, which is about 27% to 28%. So I think the work 
has been happening towards that in terms of the operating model, operating efficiencies, and 
the leverage. It's not only about the utilization.  
 Of course, utilization was below 70% at one point of time. Now we are almost inching towards 
mid-70. So every 1% increase in utilization also helps at least 25 to 30 basis points on the 
margins. So that is helping, one.  
 Second, I think some of the fixed-price contracts, that increase that has happened, that is also  
comes sometimes with a better margins because you are able to  have a better optimized and 
rationalized pyramid on those  deals if you are able to deliver and execute on those contracts, 
the way you have contracted for.  
 I think third is that pyramid in terms of managing the pyramid and the further hiring. So that is 
well calibrated in terms of the future requirements, supply -demand state. So that is giving me 
almost 65 basis points kind of  improvement on a quarter -on-quarter basis. And yes, I think 
there has been some currency tailwind, which is also helping margins for the current quarter. 
 So if I have to put in terms of the margin walk, probably 150-155 basis points is coming from 
the currency movements  against most of the cross -currencies has improved  compared to the 
INR. 65 basis points would have come from the operating efficiencies  across different levers 
that is into play.  
 And also, we have done  the salary increase for the rest of the staff for in the organization  
effective 1st January. So that would be 90 basis points kind of  impact on the quarter. So that  
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
sums up to almost 130 basis points improvement in the operating margin on a quarter -on-
quarter basis. 
Moez Chandani:  Understood. And just one last question, if I can squeeze in. So media one of the concerns that 
were there last year in terms of consolidation, and again  that a lot of deals were getting cut. So 
do you think that phase is behind us now? Or do you think looking at the very strong growth 
we've had in media, or do you think that the segment is still challenged from a growth 
perspective for the next few quarters? 
Manoj Raghavan: I think, in general, I would say, we are still challenged, the entire media and telecom industry 
is challenged. But however  what has happened for us over the last quarter and the financial 
year is we had won some large deals that, especially from some of the large customers, those 
ramp-ups have really started happening. And we've seen those ramp-ups happening in Q3 and 
Q4 as well.  
 On top of it, we won a large deal in Q4, which we would be literally taking over the 
engineering for one of our  customers, all their legacy products, and so on. And that's a pretty 
significant deal for us. And that single deal actually also bumped up our  overall growth in this 
segment. 
 Having said that, deals are still  consolidation deals and cost-takeout deals that are there on the 
table. And we are still participating in those deals selectively. So overall, yes, I think we're still 
not out of the woods in this particular industry segment. However, because we have won a few  
good deals for us, we are able to show this growth. 
Moez Chandani:  Understood. Thank you so much for taking my questions. 
Moderator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavik Mehta:  Hi, thank you. So just wanted to understand on GenAI, how are the client conversations 
evolving? Are you seeing clients asking for productivity pass -throughs or pricing discounts if 
they want you to implement more of GenAI into the projects? Or is it still at a very nascent 
stage where it's not part of the conversation in a big way so far? And different  for the three 
different industries you cater to? 
Manoj Raghavan: Yes, so I think from a Generative AI  perspective, I think we are seeing a lot of conversations 
happening in the media and telecom space, not so much in automotive and healthcare. Yes, 
there are conversations happening and so on. Those are more in terms of , for example, in the 
automotive space, there's a lot of interest from OEMs and customers in terms of how do you 
manage for example, cybersecurity and  confidentiality requirements and so on and so forth, 
right?  
 So that's why we have built our own DevStudio.ai toolchain to address  some of the concerns 
that customers keep asking us, right? So I think in both in automotive and healthcare, there are 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
those initial conversations happening. There is an interest to see how we can use some of these 
technologies for better efficiencies and so on.  
 Not so much conversations around cost and cost-takeout and so on at this point in time. But 
media and telecom, we see a lot more customers asking if can we use GenAI to overall  what 
do you say, help in efficiencies at the same time also manage with their budget situation. 
Bhavik Mehta:  And any sense on what could drive this different customer behavior between, let's say, 
automotive and media? Is it because media is under more pressure right now and hence the 
clients are more desperate for cost efficiency versus the other two sectors? 
Manoj Raghavan: Yes, I think automotive in some sense, it's still very regulated and  automotive software 
development follows certain processes. And  using a generic  AI tool will not, it'll be very 
difficult for automotive companies to pass various  regulatory requirements and so on, right? 
And that is why  you need to build custom tools for automotive. Healthcare is also the same, 
right? It's more a very regulated industry.  
 Whereas media and telecom that sort of very, very strong regulatory requirement is not there in 
terms of, that if you if you do something, it's not going to cause an accident or  kill somebody 
and so on. 
Nitin Pai:  Yes, and maybe I can just add to that. I think in general, the telecom industry, especially 
telcos, are actually at the forefront of deploying data centers, building the infrastructure and 
the connectivity that you need to deliver AI and GenAI. So to that extent, in many ways, I 
would say they are ahead of the curve, at least between industries. 
Nitin Pai:  In terms of being ready, in terms of being comfortable and already having sorted out some of 
the key questions around how do you deliver. 
Bhavik Mehta:  Got it. And just lastly, Gaurav, how should we think about the trajectory of margins from here 
on? Because it's been increasing since the last three quarters, which is good to see. Should we 
continue to expect similar kind of expansion even next year or do you think it could slow down 
a bit, given that most of the levers have been utilized in FY '26? 
Gaurav Bajaj:  So Bhavik, I think we will have a sustained effort in terms of  improvising our margins from 
here. Probably it will not have a huge uptick on a quarter -on-quarter basis. Probably it would 
be more gradual  increase or the improvement that will happen on a quarter -on-quarter basis. 
And also, it needs to be tightly aligned with the top-line growth.  
 So focus would be on the top-line as well as the bottom -line. But you know, some of the 
margin will come back as we see some of the growth coming back  and most of our verticals 
start to deliver on the top- line. Having said that, of course, there could be a quarter where the 
margin can have a left or right shift depending upon some of the one-timers and other events.  
 For example, if whenever in the quarter we have to do salary hikes, there could be an impact in 
those quarters for the margins. But overall, if we have to see in the mid to long- term, probably 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
I think the idea is that if we can exit the next financial year  somewhere near to 27% kind of a 
margin, not for the full year, but maybe for the exit of this financial year Q4. 
Bhavik Mehta:  And just a clarification, is 27% at the EBITDA level or the PBT level? 
Gaurav Bajaj:  I mean at the PBT level. 
Bhavik Mehta:  Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar from InCred 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Shindadkar:  Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good quarter. Sorry, this could be a 
repeat, I joined a little late. But just wanted to understand the Healthcare &  Life Sciences 
traction. The anticipation was that the deals won earlier could help traction in terms of growth 
for the current quarter. Was the -- did Healthcare perform as anticipated at the start of the 
quarter, or was there any mid -quarter or late-quarter challenges in terms of delay in decision -
makings, so on  and so forth? 
Manoj Raghavan: Yes, I think I discussed that earlier in a question that came up earlier. Yes , we were hoping on 
a couple of deals because we were very close to signing those deals, and those were large deals 
that could have really helped us with improving the numbers. Unfortunately, both those deals 
did not come through in the quarter, and they have been pushed to Q1. 
 So I think it is more a shift of some deals. At the same time, there have been a few projects that 
have also closed. So a combination of that has created this situation for us. But I think I'm very 
confident and hopeful that we will be able to recover in Q1. 
Abhishek Shindadkar:  Understood. Sir, just a clarification . So this planned out or this happen ed more in March or 
was it a phenomenon starting January itself? Just trying to understand the behavior of the 
clients in this context? 
Manoj Raghavan: In fact, these deals started in October itself. It was more, we were hoping that it will definitely 
close, but it took 6 months. And that was the delay. We were not expecting that it would take 
so much of time to close these deals. 
Abhishek Shindadkar:  Understood, sir. That's very helpful. And the second question, again, maybe a repetition, I just 
wanted to get clarification. So when there was a question about margins, our answer suggested 
that we are okay to let go margins in the interim to win larger deals. Is the understanding right?  
 Because what I'm trying to understand is, we are also talking of a 27% PBT number for next 
year. And at the same time, we also made a comment about leaving margins on the table for 
growth. So I'm just trying to put a context to both these commentaries. 
Manoj Raghavan: No, the 27% we talked about was the exit margin in Q4 this financial year.  It's not the margin 
for the year, okay? So that is very clearly, and that is where we were aiming for , right? I think 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
today, we are upwards of 25.6 in Q4 last financial year, we want to take it to 27 in Q4 FY '27, 
right? So that's the indication that Gaurav talked about. 
 I don't think we made a statement that we are leaving money on the table or we want to  -- it's 
not a generic strategy that look, from now on, we will drop rates and go out. Yes , there could 
be certain specific deals which are from existing customers, which are large deals, and we feel 
that we would not want to let competition in or we want to vacate that space. 
 Sure, for those cases, we'll definitely look at seeing how we can be competitive. But as a 
generic strategy, we still definitely want to improve our margins and we have not given any 
guideline to our sales team or to our finance team that we can drop our margins. 
Abhishek Shindadkar:  Super helpful, sir. 
Nitin Pai:  Yes, if I may just add a line. Also note that even in those deals, there is a path to improving 
margins. It's not that you would win it and it would stay where it is, right? The understanding 
is there are some deals, they constitute a small percentage of your incremental revenues every 
quarter. 
 Some of those deals may need that investment period ranging from a quarter to more, but the 
expectation is over the longer -term, especially because you're going for longer -term 
foundational revenue baselines, you would start to recover some of that margin back and 
hopefully you would improve well beyond too. 
Abhishek Shindadkar:  Perfectly understood, Nitin sir. Thank you for taking my questions and best wishes for the next 
year. 
Nitin Pai: Thank you so much, Abhishek. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Prateek, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Prateek:  Yes. Can you please share the margin breakdown for this quarter once again in terms of what 
led to the 130 bps Q-o-Q increase? 
Gaurav Bajaj:  Sure, Prateek. I think I mentioned earlier also. But quickly, just to summarize, what we are 
saying is 155 basis points from the currency, 65 basis points from the operating leverage, and 
then we have a 90 basis points impact due to the salary hikes that have been done during the 
quarter. So that adds up to 130 basis points. 
Prateek:  Understood. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. Your next follow -up question comes from the line of Rishi Mody from RDM 
Advisory LLP . Please go ahead.  Rishi sir, your line is unmuted. Please proceed with your 
question. 
Rishi Mody:  Hi, can you hear me? 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Moderator:  Yes, sir. We can hear you now. 
Rishi Mody: Yes, hi. So, Manoj, one fundamental question on how the market is behaving. How is 
competition behaving in terms of pricing aggressiveness, especially with AI benefits being 
priced into, say, contracts? Are you seeing rationality or irrationality in the market currently  
and how are we tackling this? 
Manoj Raghavan: No, I don't think we have seen irrationality in general, right? Because see, ER&D is still a 
very, very specialized  -- it is not that we can use AI or GenAI across the board, right?  So 
having said that, yes, we have seen a few contracts where there has been competition that has 
priced very, very aggressively, and we are also a little bit surprised. 
 We don't know whether it is because that they have used GenAI or they have assumed that 
GenAI will lead to certain productivity. See, GenAI, I don't think we can use GenAI as  -- you 
can cut and paste in all situations, right? That is a very wrong way of looking at GenAI. And 
there are -- I know that there are a few competition who are pretty aggressive in using some of 
this. 
 But even customers are very, very careful before they accept a complete GenAI -based solution 
and so on, right? So largely, I would say, we are not seeing irrationality that you indicated. 
There are a few cases here and there, but we are not sure whether it is GenAI or some other 
factor that are playing. 
Rishi Mody: Got it. And are we being conservative, moderate, or aggressive in pricing  and in efficiencies 
from AI in our bids? 
Manoj Raghavan: No, so we are definitely looking at AI, and we have in all the projects that we are bidding for, 
there is a component of it which we attribute to AI and we track it. And we want to see how 
we can use that to really improve our efficiency, productivity, and ultimately, margins, right? 
So those are things that we are definitely tracking internally.  So I wouldn't say that we are 
aggressively going overboard. At the same time, we are not conservative at all. 
Nitin Pai: Yes, so Rishi, if I may, I think much more than cost, I think we are double -clicking on value. I 
think what GenAI does, coupled with domain expertise, is that I think it allows you to move up 
the time to market and quality factors as much as cost. And I think in the ER&D space, that is 
invaluable. At times, it's much more valuable than simply cost, because engineering cost is a 
fraction of your overall product and product development cost.  So, I think the opportunity is 
actually in enhancing value rather than reducing cost. 
Rishi Mody: Understood. So bigger contracts should, or at least execution speed for existing contracts is 
more likely to be the outcome for us rather than, say, cost efficiencies, which might be for 
other traditional IT services. Is that understanding, correct? 
Nitin Pai: Yes, although I don't want to generalize that again. But all I'm saying is that the simple factor 
of only cost is not the only consideration. 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Rishi Mody: Got it. Thank you. This is helpful. That's it from my end. We can move on to the next one. 
Nitin Pai: Thanks Rishi. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My question is on the transportation vertical. Obviously, we 
have seen a good recovery there.  And now it's stabilized also. And you mentioned in the PPT 
that 77% is from the OEMs. So, if you can share some more light in terms of how the Tier 1 
portfolio has been doing and how most of the recovery is from the OEM portfolio, and how the 
Tier 1 portfolio has stabilized. 
 And also, in terms of the overall spending or the recovery that we have seen from 
transportation, is it only from the top client recovery and the ramp-up of deals that we have 
won, or is it higher spending across the OEMs, both in the US and the European geography?  
So how is the mix, and what is the confidence that we move to a double -digit growth there in 
the transportation vertical? 
Manoj Raghavan: Yes, so definitely recovery is broad-based, I would say. It's not just as you said; OEMs 
contribute more than 77% today. And these OEMs are primarily, of course, spread across, 
right? It's not just US and Europe that we are talking of. We are also talking about India; we 
are talking about Japan. 
 And we are also talking to some Chinese OEMs and so on, still early days. But I think those 
are the -- so essentially, for us, it's a global market and we are not really constrained to only 
one geography. Tier 1 portfolio, I would say, continues to shrink. Tier 1s, I mean, if you look 
at it, are having a tough time given that OEMs are taking more and more responsibilities and 
so on. 
 However, we are deeply entrenched with a few Tier 1s and that business definitely continues. 
Yes, so deal sizes also with Tier 1s are smaller and so on, right? So, for us, growth will 
continue to come from the OEMs. 
Amit Chandra: Okay. And as you mentioned from the AI side that the adoption of AI, especially in 
transportation OEMs, is less versus the other verticals, but are we also seeing  -- in terms of the 
impact of renewals when the contracts come for renewals  -- AI-led deflationary impact or 
higher discounts that the OEM clients are asking in terms of the AI benefits?  Or obviously in 
terms of the higher spend related to AI, it's not seen, but are we seeing the impact on the cost 
side or in terms of higher discounts in terms of renewals? 
Manoj Raghavan: I think it's very, very early days, right? So, it's not as if we have contract renewals coming 
every now and then and so on. At least those contracts that have come up for renewals, we 
have not seen the impact of AI. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 But having said that, I think it's very difficult to predict 6 months to 12 months down the line 
what will be the change in the buying behavior of OEMs. Today, I think AI or GenAI is not 
the most important thing that OEMs focus on. 
 Thing that OEMs focus on. It's more on value and how are we able to support them with the 
various projects that they have. And it's about the people that you have and how you are able to 
deliver value to them, right? So, that's the more focus, not so much on AI and GenAI at this 
point. But as I said, 6 months, 9 months, 12 months later, it's very difficult to predict what sort 
of demands will come in. 
Amit Chandra: Okay. And so, on the margins part, obviously, we have not been adding headcount and we 
have enough capacity. So, till what growth rate or till what kind of growth you think that the 
existing capacity is sufficient or we need to add capacity maybe in the next one or two 
quarters? 
Manoj Raghavan: Yes, we are at 73% utilization. So, I think we can go all the way up to 80% or slightly more 
than 80%, right? It's not that we're not adding people. We're adding people wherever we need 
them. But we're not aggressively adding headcount, right? We are really metering the 
headcount additions and so on. Only when there is a real requirement do we go out and hire, 
right? So, yes, I think we can, once the utilization touches 80% or 82%, that is when I think we 
will be looking at adding more in larger numbers, right? 
Amit Chandra: Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankur Pant from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Pant: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. My question is around the fact that last quarter for FY 
'27, we were aspiring for a double -digit growth for the business overall for FY '27 and led by 
transportation and healthcare verticals. Now, this quarter, healthcare has been a bit of a 
disappointment. And last quarter, if I remember correctly, we were expecting growth in 
transportation in Q4. We've come out at flattish. So, just comparing your expectations for FY 
'27, how was it last quarter? And what would be the aspiration as we start FY '27? 
Manoj Raghavan: Yes, I think a lot of things have happened in the quarter, right? Geopolitical situation has 
changed. Customer spend when we started, when we last quarter, when we talked about it, we 
had high hopes that,  of course, transportation would continue the growth momentum as well 
as, Healthcare and Life Sciences will be able to get back to growth. And I've explained the 
reasons why Healthcare and Life Sciences . I think automotive, we have governed the 
circumstances, governed the challenges and so on. 
 I think we have done reasonably well to exit,  flat or, small growth, right? So, today, I mean, 
sitting today, looking at what is happening around the world and the conversations we are 
having with customers and so on.  I think for us overall, we might be looking at a single digit, 
higher single digit growth for the financial year. We may not look at a double-digit growth. 
Ankur Pant: And that, and the verticals that would lead it would again be transportation now? 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Manoj Raghavan: Transportation, yes. I mean, we ideally would want all the three businesses to grow, right? 
We've had a very difficult, I would say, 12 months where multiple businesses went into a 
downswing at different quarters and so on. But from now on, we are really hoping that all the 
three businesses will start showing growth. 
Ankur Pant: Yes. And the other question is now, given the tough geopolitical issues that we have had in this 
quarter, did we see clients now pushing back on the signing of deals or decision -making cycles 
getting slightly elongated, which may again mean that the recovery that we were expecting 
may also get pushed back by a quarter or two? Are you seeing signs of that as well in this 
quarter? 
Manoj Raghavan: We are seeing both sides, right? We have also  announced deals that we have won in the 
quarter. We also know that there are cases where the deals have been pushed off. So, there is 
no one answer to your question, right? It is, both are happening. 
Ankur Pant: Sure, but the expectation of recovery that you had, is that still, I mean, are you still hopeful of 
the same trajectory or does that get pushed off a little bit, seeing what is happening around? 
Manoj Raghavan: Which is where we -- when we look, when we started -- when we came in the last quarter, we 
were hoping for a double -digit growth aspirations for the quarter. But looking at the situation 
today, maybe, I would be a little more conservative and say maybe a higher single digit is what 
we should look at. 
 This could change in the next three to six months, right, when we look at the deal momentum 
and so on. Sitting today, the visibility that we have, conversations that we are having and the 
deals we have closed and the deals that we are pursuing, this is what we feel. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Mayur Matani from Mahesh Kumar & Company.  
Mayur Matani: My question is regarding,  pertaining to the fixed- price contracts that we have. So, over a 
period of time, we have seen that our fixed-price contracts have now increased quite a lot. And 
I believe that fixed -price contracts have a better margin trajectory. So, with regards to signing 
more OEM deals, how do you see that trajectory going forward on a sustainable basis? Is there 
a further scope to increase the fixed-price contracts? 
Manoj Raghavan: No. So, yes, some of the deals, large deals that we have closed are on fixed -price contracts. 
The challenge is that if you do not execute on those fixed- price contracts correctly, then it 
could also lead to revenue leakages and profitability dip. So, it is not advisable that we 
continue to shift more and more of our business to fixed price. 
 So, I think that is a careful decision that we need to take because the entire processes in the 
organization, the SMEs that we have  -- the architects that we have . Any deal that we pick, we 
also need to be able to execute it, deliver on time with the margins. Only then we can show the 
margins. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 So, it is in some sense a double -edged sword. So, we will be a little careful in terms of how 
this goes. It is not our objective suddenly to move to a 70% or an 80% fixed price. That will be 
putting too much of risk on us. 
Mayur Matani: With regards to your transportation verticals, we have been talking that whenever there is a 
slowdown that structurally you see that some of the orders or some of the projects, new 
projects might get offshored. So, are you seeing that traction or there is indecisiveness from the 
customer's side currently? 
Manoj Raghavan: No, we are seeing a lot of that. Especially when there is a need in the customer  space that they 
have to continue their engineering activities and there 's a slowdown. The only option for such 
customers is to see, hey, can they do more with less? With less of a budget, can they do more?  
And that is where best-cost countries like us and companies like us come into play. 
 So yes, I think we continue to see such customers who are looking at which is the right 
organization that can deliver outcomes without too much of oversight. Because if you are 
doing offshore, it means a lot of the work the OEM has to hand over. 
 And they should have the confidence that Tata Elxsi is a company that can take up this 
complex work and deliver outcome remotely. And that is the track record that we have. And 
that is why customers trust us with a lot more offshore delivery. 
Mayur Matani: We have been speaking about it quite a lot. But over the past one or two years, I think that has 
not reflected in the overall revenues. So when do you think that change might happen? Or is it 
due to the fact that the profitability of the legacy players are impacted? That is why we are not 
getting that kind of business? 
Manoj Raghavan: So if you look at it, the industry went through massive  -- what do you say, situation over the 
last I would say 12 to 18 months . So it is not as if such deals have not happened. Such deals 
are happening. Some of them are ramping up  as per plan. Some of those ramp- ups are still 
slow. So it's a work in progress. So we are seeing the shift happening. 
Mayur Matani: Okay. And last question with regards to the -- yes, sorry, please continue. 
Nitin Pai: If I may just add, I'm just adding a little perspective. I think you have to remember all our 
revenues and growth or lack of it is organic. A lot of the growth that we have seen across many 
of the peers that we see in the industry has been actually coming from inorganic. Real organic 
growth has been lacking. If you ask me, not very different. I think what is different for us is the 
fact that you will see that consistent offshore track delivery. 
 Nobody else carries that kind of an offshoring capability.  Two is you are seeing that gradual 
but consistent shift to fixed price. Rightly, like Manoj said, the intent is not to simply improve 
margins; it is to make sure that we can continue to deliver greater and greater value. But the 
most important point I think everybody has to remember is ER&D is not very large deals 
locked in for five years and so on. 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 It is a set of projects that continue to run off. So every quarter, you will lose 10% to 15% 
revenues; you have to make it up with new contracts. So that is the challenge. It is not the 
proposition or the value that we carry; it is the ability for you to continuously refill that funnel, 
right? 
Mayur Matani: Right. Okay, thanks a lot. And last question is with regards to the media vertical. So we have 
been telling that media is still not out of the woods. So do you think that in the media vertical, 
if we are able to manage the revenues over a three-to -five-year horizon, do you see that 
trajectory changing? Or what circumstances may bring the revenue in the media and telecom 
vertical back? 
Nitin Pai: Yes, so if I may, again, I think two, three things. One is that we have seen a plus, minus, plus, 
minus. So there are some quarters of growth, there are some quarters of degrowth. So the 
media and telecom vertical for us has been very volatile. And overall, it has not delivered 
growth. And that is fundamentally reflecting the state of industry, which is whether it is the 
telecom operators or whether it is the large media streaming companies and content studios. 
 They have all been under tremendous pressure for top-line growth. And therefore, a lot of the 
focus has been bottom line. And bottom line means then it's more of an efficiency and cost 
takeout game rather than an innovation game.  So to that extent, I think what we have really 
done very, very well if you ask me over the last six quarters is the building of confidence both 
in ourselves as in customers that we can execute.  We can win, and execute very, very well on 
large consolidation deals. So remember that we have typically  not played that game too much. 
We've always been about do the new and less about consolidate. We will take over what you 
are doing, we'll make sure that efficiencies are delivered. 
 So it has been always less of that, more of do the new. I think that muscle that we have built, 
whether it is in automotive, whether it is in media and communications . I think is the biggest 
single factor that you are able to go there and win $ 100 million deals that you are able to go 
there and win $50 million deals. 
 I think that creates that muscle and discipline to say, look, can we build a foundation of 
revenues that even if there is some volatility, you can stay protected? And hopefully, there is 
growth in certain quarters, there is growth in certain areas. But the real big answer will be that 
innovation has to come back to the industry for true big upticks.  And you will s ee moderate 
growth in our view. 
Manoj Raghavan: And also, the industry is also going through a lot of mergers and acquisitions. M&A is 
happening. So that is also sort of what happens when two media companies come together  -- 
there is duplication of engineering. 
 So there is a lot of resources available and there is no need to really depend on an external 
supplier to come in and support them and so on. So those things are also happening. 
Mayur Matani: Right. Thanks, thanks a lot. And one last question, if I may. We were looking at some new 
verticals, so if you can share something on it? 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
   
Tata Elxsi Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Manoj Raghavan: So I think we were focusing on, for example, the aerospace and defense is one vertical that we 
are looking at. And we have some very exciting things happening there. But it is very difficult 
to -- I mean, unless these result in some large revenues and so on, it is very difficult to 
practically tell you what is happening. 
 We are doing some very, very good work with the defense organizations in India, with HAL, 
with the Aeronautical Development Agency, some large deals that we are bidding for. We are 
also working with some global players there. So I think till we reach a size, I think we will 
continue to invest there. 
 We continue to build capabilities and also win those initial projects and trial projects and so 
on; we will keep you updated there. We have also started focusing on the battery energy 
storage. That is a big opportunity because of all the data centers that are being built, especially 
because of AI and GenAI, a lot of power is needed, right? And for that, battery energy storage 
is in huge demand in the market. 
 And that is something that we have picked up and that is something that we would -- and of 
course, even for EV , you know, powering up EV in remote locations and so on, you need that 
battery energy storage. So that is something we have incubated, and I think the coming 
financial year, we hope that that will be a reasonably sized vertical for us. 
 So we will make those announcements at the appropriate time. We've also started focusing a 
little bit on the manufacturing side. We've built certain capabilities, we've won some initial 
customers. That is another area we continue to invest. Again, so all those three areas we 
continue to build that muscle, build that strength, do those initial projects, build those 
capabilities. And we are hoping that look, next four to six quarters at least one or two of these 
will start showing results. 
Mayur Matani: Sure. Thanks. Thanks a lot. 
Nitin Pai: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Manoj Raghavan: Thank you. Thank you to all the investors for the call today. I think we are still optimistic that 
FY'27 will be a growth year for us. And as I said, the growth has to be led uniformly across the 
three verticals. And that would be the focus for us as we enter into the new financial year. 
Thank you so much for your time today. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Tata Elxsi Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 