
===== [PAGE 1 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
 
June 3, 2025 
 
General Manager, 
Listing / Compliance Department, 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
Subject: Corrigendum to the Annual Report for Financial Year 2024-2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated June 2, 2025, forwa rding the Annual Report for Financial Year        
2024-2025. We wish to inform that certain inadvert ent typographical errors were identified in the 
Independent Auditors Report on Page no. 42, 43 and 46 of the said Annual Report of the Company.   
 
We have uploaded the corrected version of th e Annual Report on the Company’s website at 
www.forbesprecision.co.in/ 
 
Please note that, apart from the corrections mentioned above, there are no other changes to the Annual 
Report for FY 2024-25. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited 
 
 
 
Rupa Khanna 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A33322 
 
   
===== [PAGE 2 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
3rd
www.forbesprecision.co.in
ANNUAL
REPORT
2024-25
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited.

===== [PAGE 3 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
COMPLETE TOOLING SOLUTIONS
FOR YOUR BUSINESS

===== [PAGE 4 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited.
HIGH SPEED STEEL TAPS
===== [PAGE 5 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited.
CARBIDE BURRS
0 0
SA/ZYA
SD/KUD SG/SPG
SM/SKM SN 60 90 RIM
SH
SL/KEL
SE/TRE SF/RBF
SB/ZYAS SC/WRC
 TCRB APPLICATION
SERIES SHAPE DESCRIPTION TYPE OF SHAPE TOTEM 
REFERENCE
SA/ZYA C
SB/ZYAS Cylindrical with end cut CE
SC/WRC B
SD/KUD Ball shape S
SE/TRE Oval shape O
SF/RBF TB
SG/SPG T
SH Flame shape F
SL/KEL Cone with radius end K
SM/SKM Cone shaped A
SN Inverted cone shape N
RIM RIM shape R
Cylindrical without end cut
Cylindrical with radius end
Tree shape with radius end
Tree shape with point end

===== [PAGE 6 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
1
Board of Directors
Marzin R. Shroff   Non-Executive Chairman  
Mahesh C. Tahilyani  Managing Director  
Jai L. Mavani   Non-Executive Director  
D. Sivanandhan   Independent Director  
Rani A. Jadhav   Independent Director  
Nikhil Bhatia   Independent Director  
Chief Financial Officer
Vikram Nagar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Rupa Khanna 
Statutory Auditors
M/s. Sharp & Tannan Associates
Registered Office
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Tel: +91 22 69138900
Email:investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in 
Website: www.forbesprecision.co.in/  
CIN: L29256MH2022PLC389649
Registrars & Share Transfer Agents
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited) 
Unit: Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited,
C- 101, 1st Floor, 247 Park, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, 
Vikhroli (West). Mumbai - 400083
Tel: +91 8108118484
Email: csg-unit@in.mpms.mufg.com
Website: https://in.mpms.mufg.com
3rd Annual General Meeting of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited will be held on Thursday, June 26, 2025 at 3.00.p.m 
through Video Conference (‘VC’)/ Other Audit Visual Means (“OAVM”).  
This Annual Report can be accessed at www.forbesprecision.co.in/
===== [PAGE 7 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
2
THIRD ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
CONTENTS PAGES
Notice 3-12
Board’s Report 13-28
Corporate Governance Report 29-40
Standalone Financial Statements
Auditors’ Report 42-49
Balance Sheet 50-51
Statement of Profit & Loss 52
Cash Flow Statement 53-54
Statement of Changes in Equity 55
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements 56-104
===== [PAGE 8 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
3
NOTICE is hereby given that the 3 rd Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”) of the Members of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine 
Parts Limited (“The Company”) will, be held on Thursday,  
June 26, 2025 at 3.00 p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing 
(‘VC’)/ Other Audio-Visual Means (‘OAVM)/ to transact the 
following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements 
of the Company for the Financial Year (F.Y) ended  
March 31, 2025 together with the Report of the Board of 
Directors and the Auditors thereon.
2. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Marzin R. Shroff   
(DIN: 00642613), who retires by rotation and being eligible, 
seeks re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS
3. Ratification of remuneration to Cost Auditor
 To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution, as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
 “Resolved that pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 (3) 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”) (including any statutory modification(s) or 
re- enactment thereof), read with Rule 14 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to 
time, the remuneration of ₹ 2.50 Lakhs plus applicable taxes 
and out of pocket expenses payable to M/s. Kishore Bhatia 
& Associates, Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 
00294), the Cost Auditor appointed by the Board of Directors 
of the Company, to conduct the audit of the cost accounts of 
the Company for the financial year ending March 31, 2026 be 
and is hereby ratified and confirmed.
 Resolved further that the Board of Directors of the Company 
(including any duly constituted Committee thereof) be and is 
hereby authorized to do all acts and take all such steps as 
may be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this 
resolution.”
4. Appointment of Secretarial Auditor of the Company and 
fixing their remuneration
 To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution, as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
 “ Resolved that pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
(including any statutory modification (s) and re-enactment 
thereof for the time being in force) and  Regulation 24A 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 as amended and on recommendation of Audit 
Committee and Board of Directors of the Company,  
M/s Makarand M Joshi & Co. Practicing Company Secretaries. 
(Firm Registration No. P2009MH007000) be and hereby 
appointed as Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term 
of five (5) consecutive financial years commencing from  
F.Y 2025-2026 to F.Y 2029-2030. 
 Resolved further that the Audit Committee/ Board of 
Directors of the Company, be and are hereby authorised to 
revise/ alter/ modify/ amend the terms and conditions and/ or 
remuneration, from time to time, as may be mutually agreed 
with the Secretarial Auditors, during the tenure of their 
appointment.”
By Order of the Board
Rupa Khanna
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. A33322
Mumbai, April 24, 2025
Registered Office:
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai 400 001
Tel: +91 22 6913 8900
Email: investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in
CIN: L29256MH2022PLC389649
Website: www.forbesprecision.co.in/
NOTES:
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 (1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) with respect to the special 
business set out in the Notice is annexed hereto. Additional 
information pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 [SEBI LODR] and 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings ('SS-2') issued by 
The Institute of Company Secretaries of India in respect of 
Director seeking re-appointment at the AGM is annexed as 
Annexure to this Notice.
2. In accordance the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) 
General Circulars Nos. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, No. 09 / 
2024 dated September 19, 2024 and SEBI Circular Nos. SEBI/ 
HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11 dated January 15, 2021 and 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133dated October 
3, 2024, the companies are allowed to hold AGM through 
video conference/other audio visual means (“VC/OAVM”) 
upto September 30, 2025 without the physical presence of 
members. In compliance with the applicable provisions of the 
Act, MCA & SEBI circulars, the 3 rd AGM of the Company 
is held through VC/OAVM on Thursday, June 26, 2025, at  
3.00 p.m (IST). The proceedings of the AGM will be deemed 
to be conducted at the Registered Office of the Company at 
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai 400 
001, which shall be the deemed venue for the AGM.
 In compliance of the aforesaid circulars, the Notice of the 
AGM along with the Annual Report for the Financial Year 
ended March 31, 2025 is being sent only in electronic mode 
to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with 
the Company Registrar and Transfer Agent MUFG Intime 
India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime 
India Private Limited) or the Depository Participant(s). 
Notice and Annual Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 
NOTICE
===== [PAGE 9 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
4
are also available on the website of the Company www.
forbesprecsion.co.in/. In compliance with Regulation 36 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, a letter specifying the exact web link to 
the complete annual report is being sent to shareholders who 
have not registered their email address.
 Members who are desirous to have a physical copy of the 
Annual Report should send a request to the Company’s 
e-mail id viz., investor.relations@forbesprecision.
co.in clearly mentioning their Folio number / DP and  
Client ID.
3. Members are advised to:
 (a) submit their PAN and bank account details to their 
respective Depository Participants (DPs) with 
whom they are maintaining their demat accounts 
and complete KYC process to keep demat account 
active.
 (b) contact their respective DPs for registering the 
nomination, in respect of their shareholding in the 
Company.
 (c) register / update their mobile number and e-mail 
address with their respective DPs for receiving 
communications electronically.
 (d) inform any change in address and bank mandate to 
DP.
4. Since the AGM is being held pursuant to the Circulars issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs through VC/OAVM, 
physical attendance of Members has been dispensed with. 
Accordingly, the facility to appoint a proxy by a Member 
will not be available for the AGM and hence the Proxy Form 
and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice. Members 
attending the AGM through VC/OAVM shall be counted for 
the purpose of reckoning the quorum under section 103 of the 
Act. However, the Body Corporates are entitled to appoint 
authorized representatives to attend the AGM through VC/
OAVM and participate there and cast their vote through 
remote e-voting.
5. Institutional / Corporate Members are requested to send to 
the Company a scanned copy (pdf/jpg format) of certified 
Authorisation / Board Resolution with attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are 
authorised to participate in the AGM on their behalf and 
to vote through remote e-voting to the Scrutinizer by 
email to csmehulraval@gmail.com with a copy marked to  
evoting@nsdl.com
6. The Company has vide its Circular dated March 26, 2024 to 
the Members holding shares in physical form had informed 
that their shares have been transfered to an Escrow Demat 
Account pursuant to the direction received from BSE Limited 
that the proposed equity shares be issued in term of “Scheme 
of Arrangement” shall mandatory be in demat form only. 
Kindly note that all the Shareholders who were holding shares 
in physical form in Forbes & Company Limited (Demerged 
Company) are requested to follow the undernoted procedure 
to claim their shares in the Company
 To claim these fully paid-up Equity Shares from the Escrow 
Demat Account maintained by the Company, you are 
requested to submit following documents:
 a. Request letter duly signed by all the shareholders
 b. Form ISR - 4 (Please select the option - Claim from 
Unclaimed Suspense Account)
 c. Self-attested copy of Client Master List
 d. Self-attested copy of Pan Card for all shareholders
 e. Form ISR - 1 for registration of KYC details if not 
done earlier
 f. Form SH - 13 or Form ISR – 3
 g. Signature Verification as per Form ISR - 2
 h. Self-attested copy of address proof
  Form of ISR 1, ISR 2, SH-13, ISR-3 and ISR-4 can be 
downloaded from www.forbesprecision.co.in
7. Members are requested to immediately notify the Registrars 
and Share Transfer Agents or the Depository Participants of 
any change in their address.
8. Members are requested to update their email address with 
Depository Participant/Company to enable us to send Annual 
Report and other communications electronically.
9. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI LODR, as amended, securities 
of listed companies can be transferred only in dematerialized 
form with effect from, April 1, 2019. Members may please 
note that SEBI, vide it’s Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ 
MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022 has 
mandated Listed Companies to issue securities in demat form 
only while processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate 
securities certificate; claim from Unclaimed Suspense 
Account; Renewal/Exchange of securities certificate; 
Endorsement; Sub- division / Splitting of securities certificate; 
consolidation of securities certificate/folios; Transmission 
and Transposition. Accordingly, Members are requested to 
make service by request submitting a duly filled and signed 
Form ISR-4, the format of which is available on the website 
of the Company www.forbesprecision.co.in and RTA  
https://in.mpms.mufg.com.
 Kindly note that any service request can be processed only 
after the Folio is KYC compliant.
10. Members desiring any additional information/ 
clarification on the Financial Statements are requested 
to send such requests at the earliest through email on  
investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in on or before  
June 20, 2025. The same will be replied by the Company 
suitably at the AGM.
11. Members desiring inspection of Register of Directors and 
Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding maintained 
under Section 170 of the Act, the Register of Contracts 
or Arrangements in which the directors are interested, 
maintained under Section 189 of the Act during the AGM 
may send their request in writing to the Company to  
investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in by June 20, 2025.
===== [PAGE 10 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
5
12. Since the AGM will be held through VC/OAVM Facility, the 
Route Map is not annexed in this Notice..
13. The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held 
on Thursday, April 24, 2025, inter alia, approved the payment 
of an Interim Dividend of ₹5/- per equity share of face value 
₹10/- each for the financial year 2025-26, on the paid-up 
equity share capital of the Company. The Interim Dividend 
will be paid to those shareholders whose names appeared in 
the Register of Members as on May 2, 2025, being the record 
date fixed for this purpose. Members who have not received 
or have not encashed their dividend demand drafts (DDs) are 
requested to approach the Company's Registrar and Transfer 
Agent (RTA).
14. Members are hereby informed that, in accordance with 
applicable provisions, dividends that remain unclaimed for 
a consecutive period of seven (7) years from the date of 
their transfer to the Company’s Unpaid Dividend Account 
are liable to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (IEPF). Additionally, the shares related to 
such unclaimed dividends are also subject to transfer to the 
demat account of the IEPF Authority. In view of the above, 
Members are advised to claim their unclaimed dividends 
from the Company within the stipulated timeline to avoid 
such transfers. Members whose shares have already been 
transferred to the IEPF may reclaim them by submitting an 
application in Form IEPF-5, available on the IEPF website 
at www.iepf.gov.in and by sending a physical copy of the 
same duly signed to the Company along with the requisite 
documents enumerated in Form IEPF-5. Members may 
file only one consolidated claim in a financial year as per 
the IEPF rules.. Details of the shares transferred to the 
IEPF Authority are available on the Company’s website at  
www.forbesprecision.co.in.
15. National Securities Depositories Limited (“NSDL”) will be 
providing facility for voting through remote e-Voting for 
participation in the 3rd AGM through VC/OAVM facility and 
E-voting during the AGM.
16. Members may join the 3rd AGM through VC/OAVM Facility 
by following the procedure as mentioned below which shall 
be kept open for the Members 30 minutes before the time 
scheduled to start the 3 rd AGM and 15 minutes after the 
scheduled time to start the 3rd AGM.
17. Members may note that the VC/OAVM Facility, provided 
by NSDL, allows participation of upto 1,000 Members 
on a firstcome-first-served basis. The large Members (i.e. 
Members holding 2% or more shareholding), promoters, 
institutional investors, directors, key managerial personnel, 
the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee, auditors, etc. can attend the 3rd AGM without any 
restriction on account of first-come first- served principle.
18. Members who would like to express their views or ask 
questions during the AGM may register themselves as 
a speaker shareholder, by sending request mentioning 
their name, demat account, email id, mobile number 
through their registered email to the Company at  
investors@forbesprecision.co.in upto Friday June 20, 2025.  
Members holding shares as on the cut-off date shall be 
entitled to register and participate at the AGM.
 The recording of the AGM shall also be made 
available on the website of the Company at  
www.forbesprecision.co.in/ as soon as possible after the 
conclusion of the AGM.
19. E-Voting
 I. In compliance with provisions of Section 108 of 
the Act, Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended and 
Regulation 44 of SEBI LODR, the Company is 
pleased to provide Members facility to exercise their 
right to vote on resolutions proposed to be considered 
at the AGM by electronic means, through e-Voting 
Services provided by National Securities Depository 
Limited (NSDL). Those Members participating in 
the AGM through VC/OAVM Facility and who have 
not cast their vote by remote e-voting shall be able to 
exercise their right to vote through e-voting system 
during the AGM.
 II. The Members who have cast their vote by remote 
e-voting prior to the AGM may also participate in the 
AGM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
 III. The remote e-voting period commences on 
Monday, June 23, , 2025 (9:00 am) (IST) and ends 
on Wednesday, June 25, 2025 (5.00 pm) (IST). 
During this period Members’ of the Company, holding 
shares either in physical form or in dematerialized 
form, as on the cut-off date of June 19, 2025, may 
cast their vote by remote e-voting. The remote 
e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting 
thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the 
member, the member shall not be allowed to change it 
subsequently.
 IV. The process and manner for remote e-voting are as 
under: How do I vote electronically using NSDL 
e-Voting system? The way to vote electronically 
on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” 
which are mentioned below:
  Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
  A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode
   In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 
2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile 
number and email Id in their demat accounts in 
order to access e-Voting facility.
===== [PAGE 11 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
6
  Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of 
shareholders
Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL.
1.  For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile 
number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2.  Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under `IDeAS' section , this will prompt you to 
enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to 
see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting 
services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
3.  If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.
nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/
SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
4.  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://
www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of 
e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under `Shareholder/
Member' section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen 
digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown 
on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
5.  Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by 
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL
1.  Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing 
user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any 
further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website  
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your 
existing my easi username & password.
2.  After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible 
companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all 
e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers' website 
directly.
3.  If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration 
option.
===== [PAGE 12 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
7
Type of 
shareholders
Login Method
4.  Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number 
and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where 
the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers. 
Individual    
Shareholders  
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through 
their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see 
e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
  Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at abovementioned website.
  Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 
48867000
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk. evoting@cdslindia.com or 
contact at toll free no. 1800 22 55 33
 B) Login Method for e-Voting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and 
shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
  How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
  1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
  2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/ 
Member’ section.
  3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on 
the screen.
   Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with 
your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting 
and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
  4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL 
or CDSL) or Physical
Your User ID is:
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** 
then your user ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then 
your user ID is 12**************
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the 
company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then 
user ID is 101456001***
===== [PAGE 13 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
8
  5. Password details for shareholders other 
than Individual shareholders are given 
below:
   a) If you are already registered for 
e-Voting, then you can user your existing 
password to login and cast your vote.
   b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system 
for the first time, you will need to 
retrieve the ‘initial password’ which 
was communicated to you. Once you 
retrieve your ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and 
the system will force you to change 
your password.
   c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
    a)  If your email ID is registered 
in your demat account or with 
the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to 
you on your email ID. Trace the 
email sent to you from NSDL 
from your mailbox. Open the 
email and open the attachment 
i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf 
file. The password to open the 
.pdf file is your 8 digit client ID 
for NSDL account, last 8 digits 
of client ID for CDSL account 
or folio number for shares held 
in physical form. The .pdf file 
contains your ‘User ID’ and 
your ‘initial password’.
    b)  If your email ID is not registered, 
please follow steps mentioned 
below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids 
are not registered.
  6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not 
received the “ Initial password” or have 
forgotten your password:
   a) Click on “Forgot User Details/
Password?”(If you are holding shares 
in your demat account with NSDL 
or CDSL) option available on www.
evoting.nsdl.com.
   b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you 
are holding shares in physical mode) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.
com.
   c) If you are still unable to get the 
password by aforesaid two options, you 
can send a request at evoting@nsdl.
com mentioning your demat account 
number/folio number, your PAN, your 
name and your registered address etc.
   d) Members can also use the OTP (One 
Time Password) based login for casting 
the votes on the e-Voting system of 
NSDL.
  7. After entering your password, tick on Agree 
to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box.
  8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
  Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on 
NSDL e-Voting system. How to cast your vote 
electronically on NSDL e-Voting system?
  1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be 
able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which 
you are holding shares and whose voting cycle 
is in active status.
  2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you 
wish to cast your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period.
  3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting 
page opens.
  4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options 
i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number 
of shares for which you wish to cast your vote 
and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” 
when prompted.
  5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast 
successfully” will be displayed.
  6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast 
by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page.
  7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, 
you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
 General Guidelines for shareholders
 1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, 
HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature 
of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are 
authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to  
csmehulraval@gmail.com with a copy marked 
to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders  
(i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also 
upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / 
Authority Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board 
Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under 
“e-Voting” tab in their login.
 2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password 
with any other person and take utmost care to keep 
your password confidential. Login to the e-voting 
website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful 
attempts to key in the correct password. In such 
an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot 
User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset 
Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.
com to reset the password.
 3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently 
Asked  Questions  (FAQs)  for  Shareholders  and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at 
the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or 
call on.: 022 48867000 or send a request to Mr. Amit 
Vishal or Ms. Pallavi Mhatre at evoting@nsdl.com/
===== [PAGE 14 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
9
 Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not 
registered with the depositories for procuring user id and 
password and registration of e-mail ids for e-voting for 
the resolutions set out in this notice:
 1. In case shares are held in physical mode please 
provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy 
of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self 
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self 
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to  
investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in/
 2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please 
provide DPID- CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy 
of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self 
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to  
investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in. If you 
are an Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login 
method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for 
e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
 3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a 
request to evoting@nsdl.com/ for procuring user 
id and password for e-voting by providing above 
mentioned documents.
 4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are required to update their 
mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat 
account in order to access e-Voting facility.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE 
AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER: 
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM 
through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. 
Members may access by following the steps mentioned 
above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful 
login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join 
meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to 
click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. 
The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/
Member login where the EVEN of Company will be 
displayed. Please note that the members who do not have 
the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the 
User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following 
the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to 
avoid last minute rush. 
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops 
for better experience. 
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use 
Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during 
the meeting. 
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile 
Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile 
Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation 
in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to 
use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of 
aforesaid glitches.
A. Other Instructions:
 I. The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion 
to their shares of the paid up equity share capital 
of the Company as on the cut-off date of Thursday,  
June 19, 2025 as per the Register of Members/
Statements of beneficial ownership maintained by 
the Depositories, i.e., NSDL and CDSL. Any person, 
who acquires shares of the Company and becomes 
a member of the Company after dispatch of the 
Notice and holds shares as of the cut-off date i.e. 
June 19, 2025, may obtain the login ID and password 
by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or  
csg-unit@in.mpms.mufg.com/.
  However, if you are already registered with NSDL for 
remote e-Voting then you can use your existing user 
ID and password for casting your vote. If you forgot 
your password, you can reset your password by using 
“Forgot User Details/ Password” option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com or contact NSDL at  
022 48867000.
 II. You can also update your mobile number and e-mail 
id in the user profile details of the folio which may be 
used for sending future communication(s).
 III. A person, whose name is recorded in the Register 
of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners 
maintained by the depositories as on the cut-off date 
only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote 
e-voting or casting vote.
 IV. Mr. Mehul Raval, Practicing Company Secretaries 
has been appointed as the Scrutinizer for providing 
facility to the Members of the Company to scrutinize 
the remote e-voting process and casting vote through 
the e-voting system during the meeting in a fair and 
transparent manner.
 V. The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of voting 
at the AGM, will first download the votes cast at 
the meeting and thereafter unblock the votes cast 
through remote e-voting in the presence of at least two 
witnesses not in the employment of the Company and 
shall make, not later than three days of the conclusion 
of the AGM, a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of 
the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the 
Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing, 
who shall countersign the same and declare the result 
of the voting forthwith.
 VI. The Results declared along with the report of the 
Scrutinizer shall be placed on the website of the 
Company and on the website of NSDL immediately 
after the declaration of result by the Chairman or a 
person authorized by him in writing. The results shall 
also be forwarded to the BSE Limited. Subject to 
receipt of requisite number of votes, the resolutions 
shall be deemed to be passed at the date of AGM.
===== [PAGE 15 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
10
ANNEXURE TO NOTICE
Statement Pursuant to Section 102 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”)
The following explanatory statement sets out material facts relating to the special business set out in the accompanying Notice of
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”):
Item No. 3
Pursuant to Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the Company 
is required to appoint a Cost Auditor to audit the cost records for applicable products of the Company. Based on the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee, at its meeting held on April 24, 2025, the Board of Directors have also approved the appointment of  
M/s. Kishore Bhatia & Associates, Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 00294) as cost auditors of the Company at a remuneration of  
₹ 2.50 Lakhs plus applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses for the financial year ending March 31, 2026.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Act, read with The Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration 
payable to the Cost Auditor has to be ratified by the Members of the Company.
Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought for ratification of the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for the financial year ending 
March 31, 2026.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, 
in the Resolution at Item No. 3 of the Notice.
The Board recommends the passing of this Resolution at Item No. 3 of the accompanying Notice in the interest of the Company.
Item No.4
Pursuant to provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, and Regulation 24A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, every listed company is required to appoint Secretarial Auditor for a consecutive term of 5 years. Based 
on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on April 24, 2025, approved the appointment of 
M/s Makarand M Joshi & Co. (MMJC) Practicing Company Secretaries (Firm Registration No. P2009MH007000), to conduct the Secretarial 
Audit of the Company for a term of 5(Five) consecutive financial years, commencing from F.Y 2025-2026 to F.Y 2029-2030 subject to 
the approval of the members. They shall be paid remuneration of ₹ 2 Lakhs, plus applicable taxes and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in 
connection with the secretarial audit. The proposed fees are determined based on the scope of work, team size, industry experience, and the 
time and expertise required to conduct the audit effectively. Remuneration for subsequent years will be determined by the Audit Committee 
and/or the Board of Director following mutual discussions.
The Company has also received their eligibility and consent to act as Secretarial Auditors. They have further confirmed that they are not 
disqualified to be appointed as Secretarial Auditors in term of provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, Securities and Exchange Board of India  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and the Companies Secretaries Act, 1980 and Rules and Regulations 
made thereunder.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise 
in the resolution set out at item No. 4 of the notice.
The Board recommends the passing of this Resolution at Item No. 4 of the accompanying Notice in the interest of the Company.
Details of Secretarial Auditor seeking appointment at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. [Pursuant to Regulation 36(5) of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.]
Particular Details
Proposed Fees Payable ₹ 2.00 Lakhs (Rupees Two Lakh only) per annum plus applicable taxes and other out-
of-pocket expenses in connection with the Secretarial audit for Financial Years ending 
March 31, 2026. Remuneration for subsequent years will be determined by the Audit 
Committee and/or the Board following mutual discussions.
Terms of Appointment The Board at its meeting held on April 24, 2025, approved the appointment of  
M/s. Makarand M Joshi & Co., as Secretarial Auditors, for a term of five consecutive years 
commencing from FY 2025-26 till FY 2029-30, subject to approval of the shareholders at 
the Annual General Meeting.
===== [PAGE 16 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
11
Particular Details
Any material change  in the fee payable to such 
Auditor from that paid to the outgoing auditor 
along with the rationale for such change
Not Applicable
Basis of recommendation for appointment 
including the details in relation to and credentials 
of the auditor proposed to be appointed
M/s. Makarand Joshi & Co. (MMJC) is a reputed firm of Practicing Company Secretaries, 
with over 25 years of demonstrated excellence in Corporate Governance and Compliance. 
The firm is well-regarded for its specialized expertise in Secretarial Audits, Compliance 
Audits, and Due Diligence, serving a diverse range of industries including banking, 
financial services, IT/Telecom, pharmaceuticals, FMCG, and infrastructure, among 
others.
MMJC offers comprehensive advisory and compliance solutions across various regulatory 
domains such as Corporate Laws, SEBI Regulations, FEMA Regulations, and Mergers 
& Acquisitions. The firm's services are designed to provide end-to-end support, ensuring 
clients remain fully compliant with evolving legal and regulatory frameworks.
The firm's recommendations are grounded in its adherence to the eligibility criteria 
and qualifications as prescribed under the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
relevant rules, and SEBI Listing Regulations. This includes evaluation of key factors 
such as Availability of qualified full-time partners, extensive experience in secretarial and 
compliance audits, proven capability and independent professional judgment and a strong 
track record of quality audit work.
By Order of the Board
Rupa Khanna
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. A33322
Mumbai, April 24, 2025
Registered Office:
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai 400 001
Tel: +91 22 6913 8900
Email: investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in
CIN: L29256MH2022PLC389649
Website: www.forbesprecision.co.in/
===== [PAGE 17 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
12
Details of Director whose re-appointment is proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting
[Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (‘SS-2’) issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India]
Name of Director Mr. Marzin R. Shroff
Director Identification Number (DIN) 00642613
Date of Birth September 23, 1965
Date of first Appointment on Board March 30, 2024
Qualification Chartered Marketer from the Chartered Institute of Marketing, UK, and an 
MBA in Marketing
Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the 
Company or the relationship with the Managerial 
Personnel, if any. 
Not related to any Director/Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.
Expertise in specific functional areas In a career spanning almost three decades, Mr. Marzin has acquired multi-
dimensional experience in Direct Selling, Digital, Advertising, Strategy, 
Luxury Branding and International Business. He was Managing Director 
of Erstwhile Eureka Forbes Limited. His responsibility at Eureka Forbes 
is ‘Thought Leadership’, ‘Talent Leadership’, and ‘Brand Leadership’. He 
was responsible for cultivating talent, as well as nurturing Brands such as 
“Aquaguard”, and “Euroclean”. His contribution to the improvement in water 
quality (internationally) has been recognised by Water Quality Association 
USA by awarding him with ‘International Award of Merit’.
List of Directorship held in other listed companies in 
India (excluding Private and Section 8 Companies)
Nil
Listed companies from which the Director has resigned 
in the past 3 (three) years
Nil
Chairmanship / Membership of the Committees of 
Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee of other Indian Listed Companies
N.A.
Terms and Conditions of re-appointment Non-executive Director, liable to retire by rotation.
No. of shares held in the Company Nil
Attendance at the Board Meeting in the Financial Year 
2024-2025
No. of Meetings held Attended
4 4
Details of remuneration Except for sitting fees for attending the meeting of the Board, Committees and 
commission as may be approved by the shareholders, no other remuneration 
is paid to Mr. Marzin R. Shroff.
===== [PAGE 18 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
13
REPORT OF BOARD AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Dear Members, 
The Board of Director of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited  hereby submit their 3 rd Annual Report of the business and 
operations of the Company along with the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year (FY) ended March 31, 2025.
Financial Results and Highlights of Performance
The Company’s performance, as per Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS), during the Financial Year under review is summarized as 
follows:
`in Lakhs 
Particulars FY 24-25 FY 23-24*
Revenue and Other Income (Total Income)  23,703.51 22,955.60
Earnings before Finance Cost, Depreciation and Tax 5,550.41 5,243.48
Profit / (Loss) after Finance Cost, Depreciation and before Tax  4,087.59 3,983.03
Profit before Tax (PBT) 4,087.59 3,983.03
Profit/(loss) after tax for the year from continuing operations  2,874.57 2,971.11
Tax Expense  1,213.02 1,011.92
Profit/(Loss) for the year  2,874.57 2,971.11
Other Comprehensive Income (net of tax)/(Loss)  (25.65) 6.29
Total Comprehensive Income  2,848.93 2,977.40
Earnings Per Share - Basic and Diluted (`) (Continuing operation) ₹ 5.57 ₹ 110.63
Earnings Per Share - Basic and Diluted (`) (Discontinued operations) ₹ 5.57 ₹ 110.63
Paid up Shares (each paid up `10) as on end of respective period 51,594,464 51,594,464
Note:  The above figures are extracted from Financial Statements as per Indian Accounting Standard (‘IND AS”) and are prepared in 
accordance with the principles stated therein as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs under section 133 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with relevant rules issued therein.
* The Company has been incorporated on August 30, 2022 and had little or no operations till March 1, 2024 (being the Effective date). 
However, in view of the provisions of the Companies Act read along with the Order dated February 9, 2024 passed by Honorable 
National Company Law Tribunal approving the Scheme of Arrangement your Company was to required to report the operations from 
April 1, 2023 (Appointed Date) to March 1, 2024 (Effective date) as its own operations even though the physical transactions were 
conducted with the legal entity, Forbes & Company Limited (Demerged Company).
===== [PAGE 19 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
14
Management Discussion & Analysis of Financial Conditions, 
Results of Operations and State of Company Affairs
General Performance and Outlook
The overall macro environment for India has been much better 
than many or most of the developed and the developing economies. 
There have been continued setbacks like continuation of regional 
conflicts with some parts of the world, and its consequent impacts 
on the respective currencies, interest rates, access to those markets 
and commodity prices which may have created some negative 
influences. However, for the medium to long term, as it seems 
today, the inherent strength of India economy coupled with the 
incentivization and promotion of industry by the Government has 
been a solid positive and the driver of the Indian economy and we 
expect the approach and the trend to continue. Your company has 
some impact for the reasons stated above, however, the management 
is confident that over the long and medium term the situation
The published economic survey of 2025 indicates the country GDP 
to grow approximately 6.5%. It is interesting to note that overall 
exports has grown 6%, capex has grown @ 8.2% and expected to 
pick up pace with the elections out of the way. The capacity addition 
in solar and wind increased around 15.8% for year on year for 
December, 2024 indicates the Government intention to go green. 
The continued set up of Infrastructure Investments being focused 
will result in higher economic growth. The economic survey further 
advocates deregulation to accelerate and sustain higher economic 
growth. These very factors indicate an optimism of growth for our 
industry as well.
Coupled with the fact that the direction of the Government as 
stated is to ensure upliftment of the poor, women, youth and farmer 
with a focus on development that is all-round, all-pervasive and 
all-inclusive. With such a self adopted mandate the future looks 
promising and rewarding.
Performance and outlook
During the year under consideration, your Company has seen many 
actions of consolidation as this was the first year of full operations as 
a Precision Tool business entity with its own full-fledged operations 
and governance set ups and the highlights are discussed hereunder 
followed by the discussion on results.
This demerged business now allows your Company’s Management 
to focus specifically on the core and growth-oriented businesses, 
namely Precision Tools. During the year, major actions have been 
taken in various areas and the key points are being summarized 
hereunder for the better understanding of all its stakeholders.
Precision Tools business
Precision Tools business achieved a reasonable year-on-year growth, 
in some new segments that the company ventured into. The overall 
growth was however not in line with the expectations and hence the 
numbers were only 2% higher as compared to the previous year. The 
business has also seen an improving trend in the export business 
performance. The profitability was however maintained in the 
respective category and the operating management is confident of 
taking the right steps to ensure and follow a solid growth trajectory 
by reinforcing the sales strategy adapted for growth.
Our business remains aligned with emerging opportunities in India’s 
Défense, Railways, and electronic industries through the Make in 
India initiatives. Channel sales play a pivotal role in our growth 
strategy, with expansions facilitated by the appointment of channel 
partners in previously unrepresented territories. We believe this 
India opportunity is vast and it will be a test of our sales channel 
ability to extract the best from this markets which will limit the 
growth. International sales efforts focus on targeted geographies, 
complemented by product development tailored for markets such as 
South Americas, GCC, the Far East etc. with focus on large contracts 
with well recognised Brands operating across the globe.
The overall export market has not been very encouraging and despite 
volume drops from Russia, Israel and Europe, over the last few years, 
some of our businesses exhibited decent growth, demonstrating our 
resilience in the face of market challenges.
Coming specifically to our own businesses, we have attempted to 
make inroads into new areas in the Tap Segments and have seen 
success in many application areas. We believed that the success seen 
in Indian and companies abroad in these area give us the required 
confidence of our ability to scale up the business substantially. In 
the Solid Carbide Tools space, we have explored areas of Rock 
Drilling, Aerospace and Defence and related areas and we were able 
to demonstrate to the customer our ability to offer specific complex 
geometries to enable them to meet their requirements. This has 
been achieved through rigorous technology applications and we are 
now confident of scaling this further. High Speed Steel Drills are 
recent introduction to our portfolio and we have received sufficient 
acceptance on the quality and performance of our Drills portfolio. 
We are confident, this portfolio will grow substantially over time. 
Consequent to the above, we have made substantial capacity 
investments in this segment and we expect high rate of growth in 
this segment.
Our capital investment strategies yielded substantial returns and 
reduced our dependencies on third parties supplies, particularly 
evident in the doubling of our High-Speed Drills portfolio in the 
last fiscal year. Centre drill manufacturing set up was installed 
successfully with substantial capacity thereby increasing the product 
range within the High-Speed Steel Drills portfolio. Further, the 
acquisition of international accounts in the Far East and Americas 
contributed significantly to the revenue, while simultaneously 
enhancing our market share domestically.
The growth trajectory extended to our flagship High Speed Steel 
Taps business, which expanded across various segments with the 
addition of new customers in the export market. Strengthening 
our product development capabilities and operational efficiencies 
allowed us to offer innovative technological solutions for emerging 
applications. Investments in new technology, which will become 
operational in current financial year will further broaden our Carbide 
Taps portfolio, drawing increased market interest in this segment.
Our commitment to advancing technology and fortifying the 
supply chain ensures that we meet the evolving quality and 
supply demands of our customers. Continued investments in new 
technology, machinery, and software systems facilitate accelerated 
product development with consistency and precision. We have seen 
substantial progress on the improvement of the supply and delivery 
capability of the company.
===== [PAGE 20 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
15
Efforts to elevate brand visibility and product promotion through 
domestic and international exhibitions were fruitful, with 
engagements at IMTS at Chicago, USA, Aerospace and Defense 
summit in Bangalore, Machine Tool show at Kolhapur showcasing 
the capability of providing productive solutions. TOTEM is also 
awarded as a best Metal Cutting brand. These initiatives aimed to 
keep customers informed about our latest offerings, particularly in 
high- end threading and long drilling solutions and also exploring 
the direction and trends of the markets we operate in.
The Precision Tool portfolio made significant strides in penetrating 
key accounts and developing channel partners to meet future growth 
requirements. Our cutting tools portfolio garnered widespread 
acceptance across multiple sectors, including Aerospace, 
Defense,Die & Mould, Valve Industries, and Auto component 
manufacturing. Successful demonstrations of product superiority 
enabled us to secure long term relationships with focus key accounts. 
Strong measures in supply chain management and volume-based 
negotiations further contributed to the improved profitability. We 
continue to explore and innovate our product portfolio for various 
product groups, and we continually seek to introduce new products 
in all possible geographies in and outside India.
In the context of Quality, it is important for your company to 
have standards of excellence embedded into the organization. As 
you are all aware, the operations within this entity started w.e.f.  
March 1, 2024 and as on date we have obtained the following 
certifications.
Sr 
No
Standard Description
1 AS 9100 D Aerospace Standard (AS) Required for Aviation, Space, and Defence Organizations
2 ISO 9001 International Organization for Standardization (ISO) required for Quality management systems
3 IATF 16949 International Automotive Task force (IATF) required for Automotive Quality Management systems standard 
and automotive production and relevant service parts organisations
4 ISO 14001 International Organization for Standardization (ISO) required for Environmental management systems 
guidance for use
5 ISO 45001 International Organization for Standardization (ISO) required for Occupational health and safety management 
systems with guidance for use
The focus of the management was to ensure that key operations are sustainable and are complying to the basic requirements of process 
control, meet the standards of Governance (Environment, Health and Safety) expected and protect all stakeholders from unwanted risks. We 
will continuously monitor the operations and attempt raising our operating standards to meet the best in class as much as possible.
Key Financial performance, Operational Information and Ratio Analysis 
Key Ratios/ Indicators Standalone Explanation for change of 25% or moreFY 24-25 FY 23-24
Debtors Turnover (in days) 49.01 23.51 Change is 108% - # Refer Note below
Interest Coverage Ratio 37.24 35.38
-NA-Operating Profit Margin % 18% 18%
Return on Net Worth 17% 22%
# The figure is not comparable and do not offer a correct representation of the variances as the figures for March 31, 2023 were with no 
operation and hence either zero of minimal.
Revenue
During the year Company has achieved total standalone revenue 
(including other income) of ` 23,703.51 Lakhs (previous year  
`22,955.60). Standalone EBIDTA is `5,550.41 Lakhs (previous 
year `5,243.48 Lakhs), a significant increased mainly as the activity 
started this financial year.
Profit/(Loss) Before Tax (“PBT”)
Consequent to the above, during the year standalone PBT is  
`4,087.59 Lakhs (previous year `3,983.03Lakhs)
Profit / (loss) After Tax
The tax liability for the year was computed `1,213.02 Lakhs 
(previous year `1,011.92 Lakhs) and the resultant profit after tax 
was `2,874.57 Lakhs (previous year `2971.11 Lakhs)
Total Comprehensive Income / (Loss)
During the year standalone profit after other comprehensive income 
is `2,848.93 Lakhs (previous year `2,977.40 Lakhs)
Fixed Assets:
During the year Gross Block is `24,517 Lakhs (previous year `22,571 
Lakhs). This includes an addition of `2,612 Lakhs (previous year 
`1,216 Lakhs). We remain committed to investment in technologies, 
which increase value and help us expand our market share.
Borrowing
Total standalone borrowing is `1,968.29 Lakhs (previous year 
`542.40 lakhs) as a result of borrowings resulting due to capital 
investments during the year. However, after considering the deposits 
and mutual funds on hand your company is “net debt free”
===== [PAGE 21 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
16
Opportunities & Risks
Our success as an organization depends on our ability to identify 
opportunities and leverage them while mitigating the risks that 
arise while conducting our business. Major risks identified by the 
businesses and functions are systematically addressed through 
mitigating actions on a continuing basis. Some of the opportunities 
and key risks, anticipated impact on the Company and mitigation 
strategy is as follows:
Market Development
Your Company monitors external market trends and collates 
consumer insights to develop category and brand strategies.
The Company actively searches for ways to translate the trends 
in consumer preference and taste into new technologies for 
incorporation into future products. We develop product ideas both 
in-house and with selected partners to enable us to respond to rapidly 
changing consumer trends with speed.
The Company is dedicated to ensuring that its vendors, suppliers, 
contractors etc. work in a healthy and safe environment while 
delivering on the expected standard.
Given our dependency on Automotive sector, one more aspect of 
risk is the way the development of this industry will evolve due to the 
Electric initiatives of the sector. The trends of this industry moving 
to different fuel options will impact the demand of the consumer and 
we will have to align ourselves and remain abreast of the happenings 
to be able to have an important share in contributing to this aspect. 
While this is being mentioned, the country manufacturing expansion 
has created opportunities for our own company which we are trying 
to leverage to our advantage.
Political and Global Uncertainty
Political uncertainty or volatile economic uncertainty may adversely 
affect the reduced demand and could restrict revenue growth 
opportunities.
The Company has broad based diversified businesses catering to 
various industry segments and diverse markets and hence may not 
get affected by such uncertainty.
While the previous couple of years were difficult due to countries 
engaged in war across continents, the current situation of tariff levies 
has created uncertainties and needs resolution amongst all trading 
partners.
Legal and Regulatory
Compliance with laws and regulations is an essential part of 
your Company’s business operations. We are subject to laws and 
regulations in diverse areas as product safety, product claims, 
trademarks, copyright, patents, competition, employee health 
and safety, the environment, Water and Air Pollution, corporate 
governance, listing and disclosure, employment, and taxes. Frequent 
changes in legal and regulatory regime and introduction of newer 
regulations with multiple authorities regulating same areas lead 
to complexity in compliance. We closely monitor and review our 
practices to ensure that we remain complaint with relevant laws and 
legal obligations.
Systems and Information
Your Company’s operations are increasingly dependent on IT 
systems and the management of information. Increasing digital 
interactions with customers, suppliers and consumers place even 
greater emphasis on the need for secure and reliable IT systems and 
infrastructure, and careful management of the information that is in 
our possession.
The cyber-attack threat of unauthorized access and misuse of 
sensitive information or disruption to operations continues to 
increase.
To reduce the impact of external cyber-attacks impacting our 
business, we have sufficient security measures including firewalls 
and threat monitoring systems in place, complete with immediate 
response capabilities to mitigate identified threats. Our employees 
are trained to understand these requirements.
Energy Management
The Company’s factories consume power for the manufacturing and 
for the purpose of air cooling. The Company identifies it as a critical 
resource and gives it due attention to optimize its use including using 
green source like solar power etc. The Company has initiated over 
the years, installation of solar system within its factory, in small 
measures. Though this has met only partial demand, attempts have 
been made to look at the opportunity and enlarge the scope of such 
coverage.
Internal control systems and their adequacy
The Company has already initiated to install an internal control 
system, which ensures that all transactions are recorded satisfactorily 
and reported and that all assets are protected against loss from 
unauthorized use or otherwise. The internal control systems are 
supplemented by an internal audit system. The findings of such 
internal audits will be periodically reviewed by the management 
and suitable actions taken to address the gaps, if any. The Audit 
Committee of the Board will meet at regular intervals to address 
significant issues raised by both the Internal Auditors and the 
Statutory Auditors. The process of internal control and systems, 
statutory compliance, information technology, risk analysis and risk 
management are inter-woven to provide a meaningful support to the 
management of the business.
M/s Sharp & Tannan Associates, the Statutory Auditors of the 
Company has audited the financial statements included in this annual 
report and has issued a report on our internal financial controls over 
financial reporting as defined in Section 143 of the Act.
Material Development in Human Resources and Industrial 
Relations
The fiscal year 2024-25 started with promising business results across 
all the Product Categories. The focus of Human Resources Function 
was in the areas of Safety, Health & wellbeing of the employees, 
Talent Acquisition, Performance Management, Capability 
Development for making future ready organization. New joinees 
have undergone the induction program for their integration with the 
culture, values systems of the Company. Performance Management 
System workshop was conducted for aligning functional Key Result 
===== [PAGE 22 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
17
Areas and Performance Indicators in line with annual business 
plan. People Capability Development programs were organized 
to strengthen employee competence and improve productivity. At 
the same time, due to the market demand and supply dynamics, the 
attrition was a higher than normal @ 17.24% , some of it at critical 
positions, due to which, there were some delays in some the planned 
operations of the company.
While on the subject, the Board specifically thanks its employees, 
its union and the Management who have worked cordially and 
peacefully, leveraging the synergies the operations offer. The 
Company has labour settlement agreement with the employees 
which is now be valid till the end of 2028.
Investment in Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures
The Company does not have any subsidiaries nor joint ventures for 
the year in consideration.
Dividend & Transfer to Reserves
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 
Thursday, April 24, 2025, inter alia, approved the payment of an 
Interim Dividend of ₹5/- (Rupees Five only) per equity share of 
face value ₹10/- each for the financial year 2025-26, on the paid-up 
equity share capital of the Company.
The Interim Dividend will be paid to those shareholders whose 
names shall appear in the Register of Members as on May 2, 2025, 
being the record date fixed for this purpose. The total cash outflow 
on account of the Interim Dividend shall amount to `2,579.72 Lakhs.
There is no dividend which was required to be transferred to 
Investor Education and Protection Fund during the year ended  
March 31, 2025. The Directors do not propose to transfer any 
amounts to the general reserves of the Company, instead have 
recommended to retain the entire of profits for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2025 in the profit and loss account. No amount has 
been transferred to the reserves during the year.
Dividend Distribution Policy
Pursuant to Regulation 43A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015, the Board of Directors of the Company formulated a Dividend 
Distribution Policy keeping in view the provisions of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Companies Act, 2013, The Policy 
is available on the Company’s website at www.forbesprecision.co.in
Share Capital
The paid-up Equity Share Capital of the Company as on  
March 31, 2025 was `5,159.45 Lakhs (Previous year `5,159.45 Lakhs).
During the year under review, the Company has not issued any other 
shares with differential voting rights or sweat equity shares and has 
not granted any stock options.
Listing of Securities
Company shares were listed on the BSE Limited (“Stock Exchange”) 
on June 11, 2024 after all necessary approvals from SEBI and the 
Stock Exchange and other Government agencies.
Finance
The Board is pleased to inform the stakeholders that the Company 
is Net Debt Free as on March 31, 2025. The Company will continue 
to focus on judicious management of its working capital. Relentless 
focus on receivables, inventories, strict cost control and use of 
alternative borrowing instruments, where possible, and the sale of 
assets has helped in keeping the borrowings and effective interest 
cost under control.
Deposits
The Company has not accepted deposits from public falling within 
the ambit of Section 73 of the Act and The Companies (Acceptance 
of Deposits) Rules, 2014.
Particular of loans, guarantees and investments
Particular of Loans, Guarantees and Investments covered under 
provisions of section 186 of the Act are given in the notes to the 
Financial Statements, if any.
Related Party Transactions
All related party transactions that were entered into during the 
financial year were on arm’s length basis and were in the ordinary 
course of business. There were no material related party transactions 
made by the Company with Promoters and Directors, which may 
have a potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large.
The policy on Related Party Transactions as approved by the Board 
is uploaded on the Company’s website at www.forbesprecision.
co.in/.
Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy
Pursuant to provision of Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 22 
of SEBI LODR, the Board has established a vigil mechanism for the 
Directors and employees of the Company to report genuine concerns 
about unethical behaviour actual or suggested fraud or violation of 
the Company’s Code of Conduct or ethics.
The Company has implemented a Whistle Blower Policy, which is 
available on the Company's website at www.forbesprecision.co.in/.
Nomination and Remuneration Policy
The Board, upon the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, has formulated a policy governing 
the selection, appointment, and remuneration of Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel, and senior management. The Nomination 
and Remuneration Policy provides guidance on criteria such as 
qualifications, positive attributes, and independence of Directors, as 
well as matters concerning remuneration, appointment, removal, and 
performance evaluation of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, 
and senior management. This policy available on the Company's 
website at www.forbesprecision.co.in/.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
The requirements under Regulation 34 (2)(f) and the proviso thereof 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
2015 is not applicable to the Company as the Company was not in 
list of top 1000 listed entities based on market capitalization as on 
March 31, 2025.
===== [PAGE 23 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
18
Internal Complaints Committee
The Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace 
and has adopted a policy on prevention, prohibition and redressal 
of sexual harassment at workplace as per with the provisions of the 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the rules thereunder for prevention and 
redressal of complaints of sexual harassment at workplace. Internal 
Compliant Committee (ICC) has been setup to redress complaints 
received regarding sexual harassment as per Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 
2013 and the ICC includes external member. During FY 2024-25, no 
complaints on sexual harassment were received.
Corporate Governance
Your Company continues to adhere to the Corporate Governance 
requirements set out by the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (SEBI) and is committed to the highest standard of Corporate 
Governance. Your Company has complied with all the mandatory 
requirements relating to Corporate Governance in the Listing 
Regulations. The Corporate Governance Report pursuant to the 
requirement of Listing Regulations is given as a separate section and 
forms a part of this Report. The Certificate from the M/s. MMJB 
& Associates LLP, Secretarial Auditors confirming the compliance 
with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Para E 
of Schedule V of Listing Regulations is annexed to the said Corporate 
Governance Report. A declaration signed by the Managing Director 
stating that members of the board and senior management personnel 
have affirmed the compliance vide Code of Conduct of the Board 
and senior management is attached to the report on corporate 
governance.
Management Discussion and Analysis
The Management Discussion and Analysis Report, pursuant to 
Regulation 34(2)(e) read with Para B of Schedule V of the SEBI 
LODR forms part of this Report.
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
The Company remains committed to conducting its business in an 
economically, socially, and environmentally sustainable manner, 
guided by principles of transparency and ethical governance.
The Company is committed to inclusive, sustainable development 
and contributing to building and sustaining economic, social 
and environmental capital and to pursue CSR projects, as and 
when required, that are replicable, scalable and sustainable with a 
significant multiplier impact on sustainable livelihood creation and 
environmental replenishment.
The total amount to be spent during the financial year 2024-25 was 
`39.78 Lakhs
The detailed Report on CSR activities, as mandated under Section 
135 of the Companies Act, 2013, is annexed as Annexure I to this 
Annual Report
Risk Management
The requirements under Regulation 21 and the proviso thereof of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 2015 
is not applicable to the Company as the Company was not in list of 
top 1000 listed entities.
Recognizing the significance of risk management, the Board of 
Directors proactively assumes this responsibility during its meetings, 
identifying and assessing potential risks that, in the Board’s view, 
could impact the Company’s operations.
Significant and Material Orders Passed by the Regulators or 
Courts
There is no significant material orders passed by the Regulators 
/ Courts, which would impact the going concern status of the 
Company and its future operations.
Major changes and commitments affecting the financial position 
after the year end and till the date of this report
During the period from April 1, 2025 till the signing of the report 
there has been no material event which impacts or suggests a change 
of the operations of the company or indicates any new or further 
liabilities that may arise during this period.
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
As per provisions of Section 152(6) of the Act, Mr. Marzin R. Shroff 
(DIN: 00642613) is due to retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting and being eligible, seeks re-appointment. The 
Board of Directors recommends his re-appointment as Director of 
the Company.
The Company has received declarations from all the Independent 
Directors of the Company confirming that they meet with the criteria 
of Independence as stipulated in Section 149(6) & 149(7) of the Act 
read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification 
of Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 16(1)(b) and 25(8) of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations.
In the opinion of the Board, all the Independent Directors fulfil the 
conditions specified in the Act with regard to integrity, expertise and 
experience (including the proficiency) of an Independent Director 
and are independent of the management
All Independent Directors have registered themselves with the 
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs for the inclusion of their name 
in the data bank of independent directors, pursuant to the provision 
of Rule 6 (1) of Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014. Further, they have confirmed that they shall 
comply with other requirements, as applicable under the said rule.
During the year under review, the non-executive directors of the 
Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions with the 
Company other than sitting fees and reimbursement of expenses 
incurred by them for the purpose of attending meetings of Board/
Committee of the Company. One of the Directors holds 8128 Equity 
shares of the Company and is entitled to all rights and obligations as 
of other shareholders.
Independent Directors are familiarized with their roles, rights and 
responsibilities in the Company.
Pursuant to the provisions of section 203 of the Act,  
Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani, Managing Director, Mr. Vikram Nagar, 
Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Rupa Khanna, Company Secretary 
===== [PAGE 24 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
19
& Compliance Officer are the Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company are the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company as on 
March 31, 2025.
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
The details pertaining to the composition of the Audit Committee 
of the Board of Directors are included in the Corporate Governance 
Report which forms part of this report.
Board Evaluation
Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and SEBI LODR, the Board has 
carried out an annual performance evaluation of its own performance, 
the directors individually, as well as the evaluation of the working of 
its Audit, Nomination and Remuneration, Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committees.
The performance of the Board was evaluated by the Board after 
seeking feedback from all the Directors based on the parameters/
criteria, such as, degree of fulfillment of key responsibility by the 
Board, Board Structures and Composition, establishment and 
delineation of responsibilities to the Committees, effectiveness of 
Board processes, information and functioning, Board culture and 
dynamics and quality of relationship between the Board and the 
Management.
The performance of the committees viz. Audit Committee, 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Corporate Social 
Responsibility and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee was 
evaluated by the Board after seeking feedback from Committee 
members based on parameters/ criteria such as degree of fulfillment 
of key responsibilities, adequacy of committee composition, 
effectiveness of meetings, committee dynamics and, quality of 
relationship of the committee with the Board and the Management.
The Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
reviewed the performance of the individual Directors based on 
selfassessment questionnaire and feedback/inputs from other 
Directors (without the concerned director being present). In a 
separate meeting of Independent Directors, performance of Non-
Independent Directors of the Board as a whole and the performance 
of the Chairman were evaluated.
Disclosure in accordance with Section 197 (12) of Companies 
Act, 2013  read with Rule 5 of The Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 are annexed as 
Annexure ‘II’ to this Report.
Meetings of the Board
The Board met at least once in each quarter and 4 (four) meetings 
of the Board were held during the year and the maximum time gap 
between two Board meetings did not exceed the time limit prescribed 
in the Act. The details have been provided in the Corporate 
Governance Report.
Directors’ Responsibility Statement
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(5) of the Act and as per 
Schedule II Part C (A)(4)(a) of the SEBI Listing Regulations the 
Directors, based on the representations received from the operating 
management, confirm that:
(i) in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable 
accounting standards have been followed along with proper 
explanation relating to material departures;
(ii) they have selected such accounting policies and applied 
them consistently and made judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent to give a true and fair view of the state 
of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial year and 
of the profit or loss of the Company for that period;
(iii) they have taken proper and sufficient care to the best of 
their knowledge and ability for the maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of this 
Act, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and detecting 
fraud and other irregularities;
(iv) they have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern 
basis;
(v) they have laid down internal financial controls to be followed 
by the Company and that such internal financial controls are 
adequate and are operating effectively; and
(vi) they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with 
the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems are 
adequate and operating effectively.
Audit Report
There are no qualifications stated in the audit report and hence there 
is nothing specific to comment on the Audit Report, other than the 
comments mentioned in the report itself, which are self- explanatory.
Auditors and Audit Report
Statutory Auditors
Pursuant to the provisions of section 139 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, M/s Sharp & Tannan 
Associates (ICAI Firm Registration No.109983W) are Statutory 
Auditors of the Company till the conclusion of the 5 th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company.
The Audit Report forms part of the Annual Report. The Auditors have 
referred to certain matters in their report on Financial Statements to 
the shareholders, which read with relevant notes forming part of the 
accounts, is self - explanatory.
Cost Auditors
As per the requirements of Section 148 of the Act read with The 
Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, the Cost accounts 
of the Company are required to be audited by a Cost Accountant. The 
Board of Directors of the Company have, on the recommendation of 
the Audit Committee, appointed M/s Kishore Bhatia & Associates, 
Cost Accountants, as Cost Auditors for F.Y 2025-26 on a 
remuneration of ` 2.50 lakhs plus applicable taxes and out of pocket 
expenses. The Cost accounts and records of the Company are duly 
prepared and maintained as required under Section 148(1) of Act.
Secretarial Audit
Pursuant to provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
read with rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, and Regulation 24A of 
===== [PAGE 25 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
20
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, and based on the recommendation of the 
Audit Committee, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on  
April 24, 2025, has appointed M/s Makarand M Joshi & Co. Practicing 
Company Secretaries as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for 
a term of five (5) consecutive financial years, commencing from F.Y 
2025-2026 to F.Y 2029-2030 subject to the approval of the members 
at the General Meeting. They shall be paid remuneration of ₹ 2 
Lakhs, plus applicable taxes and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in 
connection with the secretarial audit. Remuneration for subsequent 
years will be determined by the Audit Committee and/or the Board 
following mutual discussions. The auditors have confirmed that 
they hold valid certificate issued by the Peer Review Board of the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India. The consent letter and 
certificate of eligibility was received from M/s Makarand M Joshi & 
Co., confirming their eligibility for the appointment.
The Secretarial Auditors' Report for FY 2024-25 does not contain 
any qualification, reservation or adverse remark. The Secretarial 
Audit Report received from MMJB & Associates LLP for the 
financial year 2024-25 in the prescribed form MR-3 is annexed as 
Annexure III.
Secretarial Standards
The Company has complied with the applicable provisions of the 
Secretarial Standards SS-1 and SS-2 issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India.
Annual Secretarial Compliance Report
Secretarial Compliance Report for the financial year ended  
March 31, 2025 on compliance of all applicable SEBI LODR and 
circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder, was obtained from MMJB & 
Associates LLP, Practicing Company Secretaries.
Particular of Employees and Energy Conservation, Technology 
Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
(a) The information required pursuant to Section 197 of the 
Act read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 in 
respect of employees of the Company, will be provided 
upon request. In terms of Section 136 of the Act, the Report 
and Accounts are being sent to the Members, excluding the 
information on employees’ particulars which is available 
for inspection by the Members at the Registered Office of 
the Company during the business hours on working days 
of the Company. Any member interested in obtaining such 
particulars may write to the Company Secretary at the 
Registered Office of the Company.
(b) Information relating to the Conservation of Energy, 
Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and 
Outgo stipulated under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read 
with Rule 8 of The Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is 
annexed herewith as Annexure IV.
Annual Return
Pursuant to section 92(3) read with section 134(3)(a) of the Act, the 
Annual Return as on March 31, 2025 is available on the website of 
the Company viz. www.forbesprecision.co.in/
Maintenance of Cost Records
The Company is duly maintaining the Cost Accounts and records 
as specified by the Central Government in compliance with Section 
148 of the Act.
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016
During the financial year, neither any application nor any proceeding 
is initiated against the Company under the Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Code 2016.
Green Initiative in Corporate Governance
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has taken a green initiative 
in Corporate Governance by allowing paperless compliances by 
the Companies and permitted the service of Annual Reports and 
documents to the shareholders through electronic mode subject to 
certain conditions. Members who have not yet registered their email 
addresses are requested to register the same with their Depositories 
in case the shares are held by them in electronic form and with 
Company’s Registrars and Transfer Agents, MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited), in 
case the shares are held by them in physical form.
Cautionary Statement
Statements in the Board’s Report and the Management Discussion 
& Analysis describing the Company’s objectives, expectations or 
forecasts may be forward-looking within the meaning of applicable 
securities laws and regulations. Actual results may differ materially 
from those expressed in the statement. Important factors that could 
influence the Company’s operations include global and domestic 
demand and supply, input costs, availability, changes in government 
regulations, tariffs, tax laws, economic developments within the 
country and other factors such as litigation and industrial relations.
Acknowledgements
Your Directors acknowledge and thank all stakeholders of the 
Company viz. customers, members, employees, dealers, vendors, 
banks and other business partners for their valuable sustained 
support and encouragement. Your Directors look forward to 
receiving similar support and encouragement from all stakeholders 
in the years ahead.
For and on behalf of the Board 
Marzin R. Shroff  
Chairman 
Mumbai, April 24, 2025  DIN: 00642613 
===== [PAGE 26 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
21
Annexure “I”
Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activities  
(Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013)
1. A Brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy.
 CSR Policy (‘Policy’) was adopted by the Board of Directors 
of the Company on March 29,2024.
 The Company is committed to its stakeholders to conduct 
business in an economically, socially and environmentally 
sustainable manner that is transparent and ethical.
 The Company is committed to inclusive, sustainable 
development and contributing to building and sustaining 
economic, social and environmental capital and to pursue 
CSR projects that are replicable, scalable and sustainable, 
with a significant multiplier impact on sustainable livelihood 
creation and environmental replenishment.
 The Company’s CSR activities focus on :
 • Health.
 • Education.
 • Environment Preservation.
 • Rehabilitation of families affected by natural 
calamities.
 • General improvement in quality of life.
 Health shall cover WaSH that is, Water, Sanitation, and 
Hygiene leading to better Health. Our goal here will be 
to work towards long-term impact by changing habits, 
inculcating awareness of safe drinking water, good sanitation 
and hygiene. Providing necessary infrastructural support, 
for example, community level drinking water plants, filters, 
educating and creating awareness on need for safe water and 
hygiene. To enable sustainability, the local community will 
be equal participants in such programmes, contributing to 
actual construction, monitoring, maintaining and reporting 
on impact and usage. Also, providing affordable world-class 
health care facilities to the under privileged.
 Education shall seek to mainstream children, with special 
focus on children of underprivileged sections of the society, 
by providing them with non-formal schooling opportunities 
which can translate later to formal school admissions. Also, 
supporting tribal schools in the far-flung hamlets and convert 
them into ‘model’ educational institutions. Skill based 
training to young adults will be achieved through livelihoods 
skills’ programmes.
 Environment Preservation includes adopting energy 
conservation practices, measuring and reducing carbon 
footprint, involving employees in conservation practices, 
utilizing environment-friendly materials and rainwater 
harvesting and water conservation. Setting a goal to ‘green 
our planet’ consciously by planting trees.
 Rehabilitation of families affected by natural calamities 
includes providing assistance to Government agencies 
involved in ‘Search and Rescue’ operations in areas of our 
country that are struck by natural calamities like floods, 
earthquakes or cyclone and providing psychological or 
material assistance to help distressed persons of such areas to 
return to their natural ways of living.
 General improvement in quality of life will include 
development of the urban poor specially those who are 
impacted by re-development
 projects, differently abled youth to make them employment 
worthy, financial inclusion facilities for the poor workers.
 The Company may also undertake other CSR activities 
as permitted in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013. 
The Policy is available on the Company’s website at  
www.forbesprecision.co.in
 CSR projects of the Company in the financial year included 
Health, Education & Environment Preservation.
2. The Composition of the CSR Committee as on March 31, 2025
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director Designation/Nature of Directorship Number of 
meetings of CSR 
Committee held 
during the year
Number of 
meetings attended 
during the year
1. Mr. D. Sivanandhan Non-Executive, Independent Director, Chairman 1 1
2. Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani Executive, Non-Independent Director, Member 1 1
3. Mr. Jai Mavani Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director, Member 1 1
3. The web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the Board are disclosed on 
the website of the Company.
 The composition of the CSR Committee, CSR Policy and annual action plan / projects is available on our website, at  
www.forbesprecision.co.in/
 The Committee with the approval of the Board has adopted the CSR Policy as required under section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013.
===== [PAGE 27 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
22
4. Provide the executive summary alongwith web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of sub-
rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable - Not Applicable
5. Net Profit Calculation
(₹ in lakhs)
a) Average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of section 135 1,988.86
b) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5) 39.78
c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years Nil
d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any Nil
e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (5b+5c+5d) 39.78
6. Details of CSR Amount spent
(₹ in lakhs)
a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project) --
b) Amount spent on Administrative Overheads --
c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable --
d) Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)] --
 e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Total amount 
spent/unspent 
for the Financial 
Year
Amount Unspent (in ₹ in lakhs)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account as per Section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under schedule 
VII as per second proviso to Section 135(5)
Amount Date of transfer Name of the Fund Amount Date of transfer
Unspent 39.78 Match 31, 2025 - - -
 f) Excess amount for set-off : Not Applicable
7. Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years
Sr. 
No
Preceeding 
Financial Year
Amount transferred 
to Unspent CSR 
Account under 
section 135 (6)
Amount spent in the 
reporting Financial 
Year
Amount transferred to 
any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per 
section 135(6), if any.
Amount remaining 
to be spent 
in succeeding 
financial year
Not Applicable
8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the 
Financial Year : Not Applicable.
9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per sub section (5) of section 
135
 The company entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Aurangabad Municipal Corporation on March 25, 2025, to 
undertake a significant CSR initiative involving the construction of the Mahanagar Palika Kendriya Vidyalaya Primary & Secondary 
School building at N-7 CIDCO, Chhatrapati Sambhaji Nagar, Maharashtra - 431003. This project includes the construction of six 
classrooms, two toilet blocks, and a new staircase up to the terrace floor. The project is scheduled to commence in the financial 
year   2025-26 due to the need for detailed planning, regulatory approvals, and coordination with the municipal authorities to ensure 
compliance with construction standards and local requirements. As a result, the allocated CSR funds for FY 2024-25 could not 
be spent within the financial year, as the expenditure is tied to this major infrastructure project with a timeline extending beyond  
March 31, 2025.
 In accordance with Section 135(6) of the Companies Act, 2013, the unspent CSR amount for FY 2024-25, which pertains to this 
ongoing project, has been transferred to a separate Unspent CSR Account within 30 days from the end of the financial year. These 
funds will be utilized for the school construction project as per the agreed timeline starting in FY 2025-26, ensuring full compliance 
with CSR obligations over the project duration.
Mahesh C. Tahilyani
Managing Director
DIN: 01423084
D. Sivanandhan
Chairman of the CSR Committee
DIN:03607203
 Mumbai, April 24, 2025
===== [PAGE 28 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
23
Annexure “II”
Disclosure under Section 197 (12) and Rule 5 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
1. a. Ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025.
  Non-Executive Directors of the Board were paid sitting fees and commission during the financial year ended March 31, 2025 
as follows:
Non- Executive Directors  Sitting Fees  
(`in lakhs)
Commission  
(`in Lakhs)
Total  
(`in Lakhs)
Ratio to Median (No. of 
times to Median Salary)
Mr. D. Sivanandhan 5.00 -- 5.00 1.34 : 1
Mr. Jai L. Mavani 2.50 -- 2.50 0.67 : 1
Mr. Nikhil Bhatia 5.00 -- 5.00 1.34 : 1
Ms. Rani Ajit Jadhav 3.00 -- 3.00 0.80 : 1
Mr. Marzin R. Shroff 3.00 -- 3.00 0.80 : 1
  Remuneration to Executive Director
Director (`in lakhs) Ratio to Median
(No. of times to Median Salary)
Mr. M. C. Tahilyani 265.52 71.18
 b. Percentage increase in remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs) in the financial year.
  The percentage increase in remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel are Nil, as the Key Managerial Personnel are appointed 
on April 1, 2024.
2. Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial 2024 - 2025.
 The percentage increase in the median remuneration of the employees in FY 2024 - 2025- 7%
3. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on March 31, 2025 were 481 and in the previous year were 489.
4. Average percentile increases already made in the salaries of employees other than managerial personnel in the last financial 
year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point out if 
there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration.
 The average percentile increase in remuneration of Non Key Managerial Personnel was 3% and for Key Managerial Personnel 
was Nil (Key Managerial Personnel were appointed on April 1, 2024 hence figures are not comparable) There are no exceptional 
circumstances for an increase in managerial remuneration.
5. The Company affirms remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company.
===== [PAGE 29 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
24
“Annexure III”
FORM NO. MR.3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No. 9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
Forbes, Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort,
Mumbai - 400001, Maharashtra, India
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of 
applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by  Forbes  Precision  Tools  and  Machine Parts Limited 
(hereinafter called ‘the Company’). Secretarial Audit was conducted 
in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating 
the corporate conducts/ statutory compliances and expressing our 
opinion thereon.
Auditor’s Responsibility:
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the compliance of 
the applicable laws and maintenance of records based on audit. We 
have conducted the audit in accordance with the applicable Auditing 
Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. 
The Auditing Standards requires that the Auditor shall comply with 
statutory and regulatory requirements and plan and perform the audit 
to obtain reasonable assurance about compliance with applicable 
laws and maintenance of records.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute 
books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the 
Company and also the information provided by the Company, its 
officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of 
secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company 
has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 
March 31, 2025 (hereinafter called the ‘Audit Period’) complied 
with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the 
Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in 
place to the extent, in the manner and the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and 
returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the 
financial year ended on March 31, 2025 according to the provisions 
of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules made 
there under;
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) 
and the rules made there under;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed there under;
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign 
Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External 
Commercial Borrowings (Not Applicable to the Company 
during the Audit  Period);
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI 
Act’): -
 (a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011;
 (b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 (c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018; (Not Applicable to the Company during the 
Audit Period)
 (d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share 
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021; (Not Applicable to the Company 
during the Audit Period)
 (e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and 
Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 
2021; (Not Applicable to the Company during the 
Audit Period)
 (f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and 
dealing with client;
 (g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; (Not Applicable 
to the Company during the Audit Period) and
 (h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-
back of Securities) Regulations, 2018. (Not Applicable 
to the Company during the Audit Period)
(vi) As identified, no laws specifically applicable to the 
Company.
 We have also examined compliance with the applicable 
clauses of the following:
 (i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India.
 (ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and amendments made thereunder. 
(‘Listing Regulations')
During the Audit Period under review, the Company has complied 
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, 
Standards etc. as mentioned above.
===== [PAGE 30 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
25
Further, PIT Regulation Compliances w.r.t. trading by Designated 
Personnel is checked on the basis of the quarterly Benpos received 
from the Company since weekly Benpos was not available for 
verification.
We further report that
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with 
proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, 
and Independent Directors. There was no change in the composition 
of the Board of Directors during the audit period.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board 
Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least 
seven days in advance and a system exists for seeking and obtaining 
further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the 
meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings are carried 
out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the 
Board of Directors or Committee of the Board, as the case may be.
We further report that there are systems and processes in the 
Company commensurate with the size and operations of the 
Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, 
rules, regulations and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period, post demerger 
from Forbes & Company Limited (Demerged Company) and in 
accordance with the scheme of Arrangement between Demerged 
Company and the Company (Resulting Company) and their 
respective Shareholders, the Company has got listed its equity shares 
on BSE Limited, effective from June 11, 2024.
For MMJB & Associates LLP 
Company Secretaries
ICSI UIN: L2020MH006700
Peer Review Cert. No.: 2826/2022
Omkar Dindorkar 
Designated Partner 
ACS: 43029
CP: 24580
UDIN:A043029G000188482
Date: April 24, 2025
Place: Mumbai  
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed 
as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.
===== [PAGE 31 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
26
Annexure ‘A’
To,
The Members,
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001, Maharashtra, India.
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion 
on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the 
contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial 
records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.
For MMJB & Associates LLP 
Company Secretaries
ICSI UIN: L2020MH006700
Peer Review Cert. No.: 2826/2022
Omkar Dindorkar 
Designated Partner 
ACS: 43029
CP: 24580
UDIN:A043029G000188482
Date: April 24, 2025
Place: Mumbai 
===== [PAGE 32 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
27
“Annexure IV”
Particulars of Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo, as per section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 
2013 and the Rules made therein and forming part of Directors’ Report for the year ended March 31, 2025.
(A) Conservation of Energy:
 (i) Steps taken or impact on conservation of energy: 
  (a) Energy Conservation Measures Taken: Some investments in the nature of modification have been made in existing 
assets related to Air compression which has resulted in potential energy savings on a perpetual basis. Though the 
quantum is marginal its benefits over the life of the asset are beneficial to the company. 
  (b) Impact of measures taken at (a) above for reduction of energy consumption and  impact on cost of goods:
   Steps taken by the Company for utilising alternate sources of energy:
  • Effective utilisation of two roof top solar system, Annual Solar power generation during the year was 19,61,456 KWH
(B) Technology Absorption and Research and Development (R & D):
i. Efforts, in brief, made towards technology & Benefits derived as result of below activities :
 Installation of few High precision Tap XCells, 7 Axis CNC Machines, including tooling developed indigenously for capacity 
augmentation of high-performance tooling were done during the year. 
ii. Research & Development
 The Research, Development and Engineering (RD&E) of your Company continues in its endeavour to develop and indigenize products 
and processes with specific focus on materials, processes and machining technology to reduce cost, develop and improve processes, 
improve product efficiency and enhance the performance of its products and Installed special software for Forming Taps simulations 
& to facilitate activities for design creation, validations and updations periodically.
iii. Quality Certifications Update:
 Company got below Quality Certifications for Scope specified:
 1. ISO 14001:2015: For Design, Development, Manufacture & supply of High-Speed Taps
 2. IATF 16949:2016: For the manufacture of spring lock washers
 3. AS 9100D and ISO 9001:2015: For Manufacture & Supply of Solid Carbide Tools
 4. ISO 45001:2018: For Design, Development, Manufacture & supply of High-Speed Taps
 5. ISO 9001:2015: For Design, Development, Manufacture & supply of all products
iv. In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial year)
a) the details of technology imported Nil
b)  the year of import Nil
c)  whether the technology been fully absorbed Nil
d)  if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place and the reasons thereof, and Nil
v. the expenditure incurred on Research and Development: Nil
vi. Quality Management System Initiative: During the year Company has obtained Quality certificates: ISO 14001-2015,_IATF 16949: 
2016, AS 9100D, ISO 45001:2018, ISO 9001:2015. Company has implemented Occupational Health and Safety Management System 
in accordance with ISO 45001:2018.
vii. Personnel: During the Financial year under review your company maintained cordial industrial relations at all levels. Your directors 
record their appreciation for the contribution made by the employees. 
===== [PAGE 33 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
28
(C) Foreign exchange earnings and outgo:
 (a) Foreign exchange earnings:
₹in Lakhs
1. Export of goods calculated on FOB basis 3,791.05
2. Commission and other Services 3.97
3. Freight and Insurance recoveries 15.79
 Total 3,810.81
 (b) Foreign exchange outgo:
₹ in Lakhs
1. Imports calculated on CIF basis – Raw material 1,823.74
2. Imports calculated on CIF basis –stores, spares and tools 88.63
3. Imports calculated on CIF basis – purchase for re-sale 14.37
4. Imports calculated on CIF basis – Capital Goods 1,970.84
5. Commission to overseas agents 9.37
6. Foreign travel 18.42
7. Others 34.37
Total 3,959.74
For and on behalf of the Board
Marzin R. Shroff
Chairman
DIN: 00642613
Mumbai, April 24, 2025
===== [PAGE 34 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
29
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT FOR FY 2024 - 2025
(83%) Directors are Non-Executive and 3 (50%) of the six of them are 
Independent Directors.
The composition of the Board is in conformity with Regulation  
17 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI LODR’).
The Company is managed by the Managing Director under the 
supervision, direction and control of the Board. The Managing Director 
is assisted by a team of highly qualified and experienced professionals. 
None of the Independent Directors serve as Independent Director in 
more than seven listed entities. None of the Directors of the Company 
are members in more than 10 mandatory committees nor act as a 
Chairman in more than 5 mandatory committees of public companies.
The Board met at least once in each quarter and the maximum time gap 
between two Board meetings did not exceed the time limit prescribed 
in Section 173 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 17 of SEBI 
LODR. 4 (Four) meetings were held during the Financial Year (FY) 
ended March 31, 2025 on May 6, 2024, July 29, 2024, October 24, 2024 
and January 24, 2025. The necessary quorum was present for all the 
meetings. Video conferencing facility was provided, wherever required 
to enable Directors to participate in meetings.
The terms and conditions of appointment of the Independent Directors 
and the details of the familiarization program to them are available on 
the website of the Company www.forbesprecision.co.in/ 
Based on the declarations received from the Independent Directors, 
the Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors fulfil the 
conditions specified in the SEBI LODR and are independent of the 
Management.
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) 
and SEBI LODR the Board has carried out annual performance 
evaluation of its own performance, the Directors individually, as 
well as the evaluation of the working of its Committee(s) on the 
basis of the parameters of performance evaluation process provided 
in the Charter for Performance Evaluation adopted by the Board on 
October 24, 2024.
All the information required to be placed before the Board of Directors 
under Regulation 17 (7) of SEBI LODR has been duly placed. The 
agenda along with explanatory notes are sent in advance to the Directors
The names and categories of the Directors on the Board, their 
attendance at the Board Meetings and Annual General Meeting (AGM) 
held during the year, the number of Chairmanships / Directorships 
of all Boards excluding alternate directorship, directorship of private 
limited companies, foreign companies and companies under Section 8 
of the Act and the Committees of Board (Chairmanship /Membership 
of Board Committees include only Audit Committee and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee across all public limited companies (listed as 
well as unlisted) including those of the Company), held by them as on 
March 31, 2025 are as follows:
Corporate Governance Policy
The Company believes in the highest standards of good and ethical 
corporate governance practices. Good governance practices stem 
from the culture and mindset of the organization. It is therefore not 
merely about enacting policies, regulations and procedures but also 
about establishing an environment of trust and confidence among 
various shareholders.
The Company’s philosophy on the Code of Governance is that the 
Company should follow contemporary corporate practices and the 
guiding principle of the Code of Governance of the Company is 
Harmony i.e.:
(a) Balancing need for transparency with the need to protect the 
interest of the Company;
(b) Balancing the need for empowerment at all levels with the 
need for accountability; and
(c) Interaction with all stakeholders including shareholders, 
employees, lenders and regulatory authorities.
Code of Conduct
The Company follows/believes in fair, transparent and ethical 
governance practices. The Code has been communicated to the 
Directors and the Members of Senior Management. The Company has 
also adopted a Code of Conduct for Non-Executive Directors of the 
Company. All Board Members and Senior Management have confirmed 
compliance with the Code for the year ended March 31, 2025. The Non- 
Executive Directors of the Company have also confirmed compliance 
with the Code of Conduct for the Non-Executive Directors for the year 
ended March 31, 2025. The Annual Report contains a declaration to this 
effect signed by the Managing Director.
Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure and Conduct
In compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the Company has 
framed a Code for Prevention of Insider Trading & Code of Corporate 
Disclosure Practices (“Insider Trading Code”) based on the principle 
that Directors, Officers, and Employees of the Company owe a fiduciary 
duty to the members of the Company to place the interest of the members 
above their own and conduct their personal securities transactions in a 
manner that does not create any conflict of interest situation. The Insider 
Trading Code also seeks to ensure timely and adequate disclosure 
of Price Sensitive Information to the investors by the Company to 
enable them to take informed investment decisions with regard to the 
Company’s securities. The Chief Financial Officer of the Company is 
responsible for implementation of the Code. 
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors as on March 31, 2025 comprised of Six (6) 
Directors. The Chairman of the Board is Non-Executive. Five (5) 
===== [PAGE 35 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
30
Name of the Director Category Number of 
Board Meetings 
during the F.Y 
2024-25
Attendance 
at AGM 
held on 
July 25, 
2024
Number 
of Shares/ 
Convertible 
instruments
Relation- 
ship with 
Director
No. of 
Directorships 
in all Public 
Companies
No. of Committee 
positions held in all 
Public Companies
Directorship in 
other listed entity 
(Category of 
Directorship)
Held Attended Chairman Member*
Mr. Marzin R. 
Shroff 
DIN: 00642613
Non- Executive, 
Non-
Independent
4 4 Yes Nil None Nil Nil Nil Nil
Mr. Mahesh 
C. Tahilyani  
DIN:01423084
Non-
Independent, 
Executive
4 4 Yes Nil None 4 Nil 4 Forbes & Company 
Limited (Non-
Executive,  Non 
Independent)
Mr. Jai Mavani    
DIN:05260191
Non- Executive, 
Non-
Independent
4 4 Yes 8,128 None 3 Nil Nil Forbes & Company 
Limited (Non-
Executive Non 
Independent)
Mr. D. Sivanandhan  
DIN:03607203
Non-Executive, 
Independent
4 3 Yes Nil None 5 0 5 Kirloskar 
Industries Limited 
(Non-Executive 
Independent)
Ms. Rani Ajit Jadhav  
DIN:07070938
Non-Executive, 
Independent
4 4 No Nil None 2 0 2 Procter & Gamble 
Health Limited 
(Non-Executive, 
Independent)
Mr. Nikhil Bhatia  
DIN: 00414281
Non-Executive, 
Independent
4 4 Yes Nil None 6 5 1 1. Gokak Textiles 
Limited (Non-
Executive, 
Independent)
2. Forbes & 
Company 
Limited (Non-
Executive, 
Independent)
3. Aarti Industries 
Limited (Non-
Executive, 
Independent)
Notes:
* Chairmanships / memberships in other Companies include only in Audit and Stakeholders Relationship committees as required under 
regulation 26(1)(b) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
===== [PAGE 36 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
31
The Board had identified following skills/expertise/ competencies 
for effective functioning of the Company which are currently 
available with the Board:
● Marketing, Sales and Synergies
● Finance, Strategy and HR Management; and
● Corporate Governance and Administration
The specific areas of skills/expertise/competences of the individual 
Directors as on date is given below:
Director Areas of Skills/Expertise/Competence
Mr. Marzin R. 
Shroff Chairman
Direct Selling, Digital, Advertising, 
Strategy, Luxury Branding and 
International Business
Mr. Mahesh C. 
Tahilyani  
Managing Director
Business management and Administration, 
Finance and control, IT-Digital Strategy, 
Building High Performance Teams, 
Corporate Governance.
Mr. D Sivanadhan 
Non-Executive 
– Independent 
Director
Public Policy and General Administration, 
Business Development, Business and 
Corporate Governance, Security - ITS 
Domain Expertise.
Mr. Jai Mavani 
Non-Executive 
Non- Independent 
Director
Fund raising, business structuring, Finance 
and Tax, Mergers & Acquisitions and 
Business Governance.
Ms. Rani A. Jadhav 
Non-Executive 
– Independent 
Director
Public Policy and General Administration, 
Corporate Governance and Administration.
Mr. Nikhil Bhatia 
Non-Executive 
– Independent 
Director
Risk Management, Taxation and related 
Regulatory, Business structuring and 
Governance.
Familiarization Programme for Independent Directors
At the time of appointment of an Independent Director, a formal 
letter of appointment is given to him/her, which inter alia explains 
the role, function, duties and responsibilities expected from him/ 
her as a Director of the Company. The Independent Directors of 
the Company were given full access and opportunity to interact 
with senior management personnel. They were also provided with 
relevant documents, brochures, reports, and internal policies to 
help familiarize them with the industry landscape, the Company’s 
business operations, and the functioning of various divisions and 
departments. The details of familiarization programme imparted to 
the Independent Directors are available on the Company’s website 
at www.forbesprecision.co.in.
Meeting of Independent Directors
The Independent Directors meet to discuss: 
a) Evaluation of the performance of Non-Independent Directors 
and the Board as a whole. 
b)  Evaluation of the performance of the Chairman of the 
Company taking into account the views of the Executive 
Directors and Non-Executive Directors.
c)  Evaluation of quality content and timelines of flow of 
information between the Management and the Board that is 
necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform 
its duties.
The Meetings of Independent Directors held on January 23, 2025 
were attended by all Independent Directors.
CEO/CFO Certification
As required under Regulation 17(8) of SEBI LODR, the Certificate 
from Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani, Managing Director and Mr. Vikram 
Nagar, Chief Financial Officer was placed before the Board of 
Directors.
Particulars of Senior Management
Name of Senior Management 
Personnel
Designation
Mr. Vikram Nagar Chief Financial Officer
Mrs. Rupa Khanna Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer
Mr. Rajesh Patil Chief Information Officer
Mr. Haribabu Gopal General Manager Sales
Mr. Santosh Wadgaonkar Head – Supply Chain
Mr. Vikram Patwardhan Head – Quality Assurance,
Mr. Gerald Brownie General Manager International 
Sales Head
Mr. Ashok Salunke Factory Manager
Mr. Atul Chamnikar (resigned 
w.e.f. October 31, 2024)
HR Manager
Audit Committee
In compliance with section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of 
SEBI (LODR) 2015 the terms of reference of the Audit Committee 
were as under:
1) oversight of the listed entity’s financial reporting process and 
the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that the 
financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible;
2) recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of 
appointment of auditors of the listed entity;
3) approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other 
services rendered by the statutory auditors;
4) reviewing, with the management, the annual financial 
statements and auditor’s report thereon before submission to 
the board for approval, with particular reference to:
a) matters required to be included in the director’s responsibility 
statement to be included in the board’s report in terms of 
clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies 
Act, 2013;
b) changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and 
reasons for the same;
c) major accounting entries involving estimates based on the 
exercise of judgment by management;
===== [PAGE 37 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
32
d) significant adjustments made in the financial statements 
arising out of audit findings;
e) compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating 
to financial statements;
f) disclosure of any related party transactions;
g) modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report;
5) reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial 
statements before submission to the board for approval;
6) reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / 
application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, 
rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds 
utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer 
document / prospectus / notice and the report submitted by 
the monitoring agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds 
of a public issue or rights issue or preferential issue or 
qualified institutions placement, and making appropriate 
recommendations to the board to take up steps in this matter;
7) reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence and 
performance, and effectiveness of audit process;
8) approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of 
the listed entity with related parties;
9) scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
10) valuation of undertakings or assets of the listed entity, 
wherever it is necessary;
11) evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management 
systems;
12) reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory 
and internal auditors, adequacy of the internal control 
systems;
13) reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, 
including the structure of the internal audit department, 
staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, 
reporting structure coverage and frequency of internal audit;
14) discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings 
and follow up there on;
15) reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the 
internal auditors into matters where there is suspected fraud 
or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a 
material nature and reporting the matter to the board;
16) discussion with statutory auditors before the audit 
commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well as 
post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;
17) to look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment 
to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders (in case of 
non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors;
18) to review the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism;
19) approval of appointment of chief financial officer after 
assessing the qualifications, experience and background, etc. 
of the candidate;
20) reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/ 
investment by the holding company in the subsidiary 
exceeding rupees 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the 
subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing loans / 
advances / investments existing as on the date of coming into 
force of this provision.
21) consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and impact 
of schemes involving merger, demerger, amalgamation etc., 
on the listed entity and its shareholders.
22) Carrying out any other functions required to be carried out 
by the Audit Committee, as may be decided by the Board 
and/or as provided under the Companies Act, the SEBI 
LODR Regulations or any other applicable law, as and when 
amended from time to time.
In addition to the above the Audit Committee will also reviews the 
information listed in Schedule II of Part C (B) of SEBI (LODR)
Composition of Audit Committee
The Audit Committee of the Board has been constituted in 
compliance with the provision of Regulation 18 of SEBI LODR 
read with Section 177 of the Act. The Committee comprises of 3 
members of whom 2 are Independent Non-Executive Directors and 
1 Executive Director. The Chairman of the Audit Committee is an 
Independent Director.
All members are financially literate and at least one member has 
Accounting expertise.
The Audit Committee meetings are attended by Chief Financial 
Officer, Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditor and the functional 
heads as and when required. The Company Secretary acts as the 
Secretary to the Committee. The gap between two consecutive 
meetings was not more than one hundred and twenty days. 4 (Four) 
Audit Committee meetings were held during Financial Year (FY) 
ended March 31, 2025 on May 06, 2024, July 29, 2024, October 24, 
2024 and January 24, 2025. 
The Composition of the Committee is as follows:
Name of the 
Member
Category No. of Audit 
Committee 
meetings held
No. of 
meetings 
attended
Mr. Nikhil Bhatia 
Chairman
Non-Executive, 
Independent 
Director
4 4
Mr. D. 
Sivanandhan
Non-Executive, 
Independent 
Director
4 4
Mr. Mahesh C. 
Tahilyani
Executive, 
Non- 
Independent 
Director
4 4
The Chairman of the Audit Committee was present at the last Annual 
General Meeting.
===== [PAGE 38 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
33
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
In compliance with Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 
of SEBI LODR, the Board had constituted Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee. The Committee comprises 3 members of 
whom 2 are Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Chairman 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is an Independent 
Director. 
1 (One) Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) meetings 
were held during Financial Year (FY) ended March 31, 2025 on 
January 23, 2025. The Composition of the Committee and details of 
meeting attended by its members is as follows:
Name of the 
Member
Category No. of NRC 
meetings held
No. of 
meetings 
attended
Mr. D. 
Sivanandhan 
Chairman
Non-Executive, 
Independent 
Director
1 1
Mr. Marzin R. 
Shroff
Non- 
Executive, 
Non-
Independent 
Director
1 1
Mr. Nikhil Bhatia 
Chairman
Non-Executive, 
Independent 
Director
1 1
The Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee was 
present at the last Annual General Meeting.
The terms of reference of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee includes:
1) formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, 
positive attributes and independence of a director and 
recommend to the board of directors a policy relating to, the 
remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel and 
other employees
2) For every appointment of an independent director, the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the 
balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board 
and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of 
the role and capabilities required of an independent director. 
The person recommended to the Board for appointment as 
an independent director shall have the capabilities identified 
in such description. For the purpose of identifying suitable 
candidates, the Committee may
• use the services of an external agencies, if required;
• consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, 
having due regard to diversity; and
• consider the time commitments of the candidates.
3) formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of 
independent directors and the board of directors;
4) devising a policy on diversity of board of directors;
5) identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and 
who may be appointed in senior management in accordance 
with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the board of 
directors their appointment and removal.
6) to recommend whether to extend or continue the term of 
appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the 
report of performance evaluation of independent directors.
7) recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, 
payable to senior management. and
8) Carrying out any other functions as may be delegated by the 
Board of Directors of the Company, as provided under the 
Companies Act, the SEBI LODR Regulations or any other 
applicable law, as and when amended from time to time.
The Company’s policy on directors’ appointment and remuneration 
and other matters provided in Section 178(3) of the Act has been 
disclosed in the Board Report. The Nomination and Remuneration 
Policy of the Company has been uploaded on the website of the 
Company, www.forbesprecision.co.in/
The Committee will determines and recommends to the Board the 
compensation of the Managing Director. The Committee will make 
periodic appraisal of the performance of the Managing Director. The 
Company does not have stock options.
The Committee determines and recommends to the Board the 
compensation of the Managing Director. The Committee makes 
periodic appraisal of the performance of the Managing Director. The 
Company does not have stock options.
Details of remuneration paid to Directors during the year ended 
March 31, 2025 are as follows:
A) Non- Executive Directors:
(₹ in Lakhs)
Name of Director Sitting Fees
Mr. Marzin R. Shroff 3.00
Mr. Jai L. Mavani 2.50
Mr. D. Sivanandhan 5.00
Mr. Nikhil Bhatia 5.00
Mrs. Rani A. Jadhav 3.00
B) Managing Director
(₹ in Lakhs)
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Managing Director
a Salary and allowance 239.74
b Pension Contribution to 
PF & Superannuation 
Fund
25.78
c Annual Performance 
Incentive & Ex-Gratia
--
Total 265.52
d Break up of fixed 
components and 
performance linked 
incentives with 
performance criteria 
criteria include level 
of profits, reduction of 
costs,
Item C is performance 
linked, others are fixed. 
Performance criteria 
include level of profits, 
reduction of costs, 
improvement of liquidity, 
steps taken for growth of 
business of the company
===== [PAGE 39 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
34
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Managing Director
e Service contracts April 1, 2024 to March 
31, 2027
f Notice Period 6 months
g Severance fees Nil
h Stock options NA
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
In compliance with the provisions of Section 178 of the Act 
and Regulation 20 of SEBI LODR, the terms of reference of the 
‘Stakeholders Relationship Committee’ includes:
a) Approval  of  Share  Transfers  /  Deletion  of  Name/s / 
Transposition of Name/s, Dematerialization / Re- 
materialization of Shares;
b) Approval of Transmission of Shares;
c) Approval for issue of Duplicate/Replacement/Renewal of 
Share Certificates;
d) Resolution of all the grievances of the security holders;
e) Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting 
rights by shareholders;
f) Review of adherence to the service standards adopted in 
respect of various services being rendered by Registrar & 
Share Transfer Agents;
g) Review of the various measures and initiatives taken for 
reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring 
timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory 
notices by the shareholders of the company; and
h) Such other functions/duties as may be entrusted by the Board 
from time to time.
The Committee comprises of 3 members of whom 1 Independent 
Non-Executive Directors, 1 Non-Executive, Non Independent 
Director and 1 Executive Director. The Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee meeting was held on January 23, 2025.
The Composition of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee (SRC) 
is as follows:
Name of the 
Member
Category No. of SRC 
meetings held
No. of 
meetings 
attended
@ Mr. Marzin 
R. Shroff 
Chairman
Non-Executive, 
Independent 
Director
1 1
Mr. Mahesh C. 
Tahilyani
Executive, 
Non- 
Independent 
Director
1 1
Ms. Rani A. 
Jadhav
Non-Executive, 
Independent 
Director
1 1
@ Mr. Marzin R. Shroff appointed as Chairman w.e.f May 16, 2024 
and Mr. D. Sivanandhan resigned as Chairman w.e.f. May 16, 2024
The Company Secretary functions as Compliance Officer.
During the year under review, no complaints were received by the 
Company. Further no transfers were pending as on March 31, 2025.
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Pursuant to section 135 of the Companies Act, a Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) Committee of the Board was constituted. The 
Company has formulated a policy for its CSR activities and the 
duties and responsibilities of the Committee include-
a) formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the activities to be 
undertaken by the company in areas or subject, specified in 
Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013;
b) recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the 
activities referred above;
c) monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the 
company from time to time;
d) ensure that the activities as are included in Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy of the company are undertaken by the 
company;
e) Carrying out any other functions or duties as prescribed under 
Section 135 or other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder as amended from time 
to time or as may be entrusted by the Board from time to 
time.
The CSR committee comprises of 1 Independent Director,  
1 Executive Director and 1 Non- Executive, Non Independent 
Directors. The CSR Committee meeting was held on January  
23, 2025
The Composition of the CSR Committee is as follows:
Name of 
Member
Category No of CSR 
Meeting held
No of 
Meeting 
Attended
Mr. D. 
Sivanandhan 
Chairman
Non-Executive, 
Independent 
Director
1 1
Mr. Mahesh C. 
Tahilyani
Executive, 
Non-
Independent 
Director
1 1
Mr. Jai Mavani Non-Executive, 
Non – 
Independent 
Director
1 1
===== [PAGE 40 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
35
General Body Meetings
The details of date, time and venue of the Annual General Meeting held during the last two year till March 31, 2025 are as under:
Particulars Date Time Venue
2nd Annual General Meeting July 25, 2024 03.00 pm The Annual General Meeting was held at Indian Merchant 
Chambers, Walchand Hirachand Hall, IMC Building, 4 th 
Floor, IMC Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai 400020
1st Annual General Meeting August 9, 2023 10.00 a.m The Annual General Meeting was held at the registered office 
of the Company i.e Forbes, Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, 
Fort, Mumbai -400001.
Details of Special Resolutions passed in the General Meeting 
during previous 2 financial Year 
Details of Special Resolutions passed through Extra Ordinary 
General Meeting held on January 16, 2024 and February 29, 2024
1. Alteration of Articles of Association.
2. Appointment of Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani (DIN: 01423084) 
as Director and Managing Director of the Company.
3. Appointment of Mr. D. Sivanandhan (DIN: 03607203) as an 
Independent Director of the Company.
4. Appointment of Mr. Nikhil Bhatia (DIN: 00414281) as an 
Independent Director of the Company.
5. Appointment of Ms. Rani A. Jadhav (DIN: 07070938) as as 
Independent Director of the Company.
6. Borrowing funds in excess of the prescribed limits.
7. Creation of charge/mortgage on assets of the Company.
8. Authority to provide any loans or guarantee or any security to 
all such person specified under section 185 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
9. Granting of loans/security/guarantee or making investment 
of funds in excess of the prescribed limits.
Special Resolution passed through Postal Ballot during the FY 
2024-2025:
No Postal Ballot was conducted during the year 2024-25.
Whether any special resolution is proposed to be conducted 
through postal ballot
A special resolution for the payment of commission to Non-
Executive Directors was proposed at the Board Meeting held on 
April 24, 2025. This resolution is intended to be conducted through 
postal ballot on or before the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
Fees paid by the Company to Statutory Auditors:
M/s. Sharp & Tannan Associates (Firm Registration No. 109983W) 
are the Statutory Auditors’ of the Company. The particulars of 
payment of Statutory Auditors’ fees is given below:
(`in Lakhs)
Particulars Remuneration of  
M/s Sharp & Tannan 
Associates for Amount (₹)
Statutory Audit Fees 16.00
Special purpose financial statement 9.00
Total 25.00
Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, 
as amended:
The Company has in a place a Sexual Harassment Policy in line 
with the requirement of Sexual Harassment of Women at workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. There were no 
complaints during the FY 2024-25.
Related Party Transactions
All related party transactions entered into during the financial year 
were on arm’s length basis and were in the ordinary course of 
business and does not attract the provisions of Section 188 of the 
Act.
All related party transactions will be placed before the Audit 
complain for its approval from the FY 2025-26.
The Board has approved policy for related party transactions 
which has been uploaded on the Company website viz  
www.forbesprecision.co.in/
Disclosure on loans and advances
There have been no loans or advances extended by the Company to 
firms or companies where Directors of the Company hold an interest.
Disclosure of Material Subsidiaries
The Company doesn’t have any material subsidiary.
Statutory Compliances
The Company has a system in place whereby the Managing Director/ 
Chief Financial Officer/Company Secretary provides Compliance 
Certificate to the Board of Directors based on the confirmations 
received from concerned persons/heads of the Company relating 
to compliance of various laws, rules, regulations and guidelines 
applicable to their areas of operation.
===== [PAGE 41 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
36
Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy
Pursuant to Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 22 of SEBI 
LODR, the Board has established a vigil mechanism for the 
Directors and employees of the Company to report genuine concerns 
about unethical behaviour actual or suggested fraud or violation of 
the Company’s Code of Conduct or ethics. The Company has in 
place Whistle Blower Policy to provide mechanism for Director or 
employee of the Company to approach the Chairman of the Audit 
Committee. The Policy is available on the Company’s website viz. 
www.forbesprecision.co.in/
Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and 
adoption of the non-mandatory requirements of this clause:
The company has complied with all the mandatory requirements 
of SEBI LODR the status of compliances with discretionary 
requirement under regulation 27 (1) and Part E Schedule II of SEBI 
LODR 2015 is provided below
• Shareholders’ Rights: The Company is sending financial 
statements along with the Board’s Report and Auditors’ 
Reports to all the shareholders through email. The 
Same shall be available on the Company’s website i.e.,  
www.forbesprecision.co.in/
• Audit Qualifications: The Company’s standalone financial 
statement for the financial year 2024-25 does not contain any 
audit qualification.
• Separate posts of Chairman and CEO: The Chairman of 
the Board is a Non- Executive Director. The Company has 
appointed Managing Director to take care of the day-to-day 
affairs of the Company. The position of the Chairman and 
Managing Director are separate.
• Reporting of internal auditor: The internal auditor report 
directly to the audit committee
Means of Communication
The quarterly, half yearly financial results are generally published 
in the Financial Express (English daily) and Mumbai Lakshadweep 
(regional language newspaper). The financial results shareholding 
pattern are also available on the website of the company i.e  
www.forbesprecision.co.in
The Company does not have a practice of making presentation to 
institutional investors and analysts. Management Discussion and 
Analysis forms part of Annual Report.
General Shareholders Information
AGM-Date, time and 
Venue
Next Annual General Meeting of the 
Company is scheduled on Thursday, 
June 26, 2025, at  3.00 PM through 
Video Conferencing (‘VC’) / Other 
Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM)
Financial Year The Company follows the April – 
March financial year
Listing on Stock 
Exchange
BSE Limited, P.J. Towers, Dalal 
Street, Mumbai – 400 001.
ISIN ISIN- INE0TT901016
Equity shares of the Company were listed on BSE Limited on  
June 11, 2024. The Company will ensure payment of the annual 
listing fees to the exchange within the prescribed due date.
The Directors have not recommended any dividend for the financial 
year 2024-25. 
The Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on Thursday,  
April 24, 2025, inter alia, approved the payment of an Interim 
Dividend of ₹5/- (Rupees Five only) per equity share of face value 
₹10/- each for the financial year 2025-26, on the paid-up equity share 
capital of the Company. The Interim Dividend will be paid to those 
shareholders whose names appeared in the Register of Members as 
on May 2, 2025, being the record date fixed for this purpose.
Claim of  Shares in IEPF and Suspense Account
Pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement, the Company has transferred 
the 6,52,612 equity shares to Investors Education and Protection 
Fund Authority, Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“IEPFA”) for those 
eligible shareholders whose equity shares were earlier transferred to 
IEPFA by the Demerged Company”) (Forbes & Company Limited) 
since dividend remained unpaid/unclaimed for continuous 7 years.
The details of shares transferred to IEPF by the 
Company are available on the website of the Company  
www.forbesprecision.co.in/. Members, whose shares have been 
transferred to IEPF Account, are entitled to claim the said shares from 
IEPF Authority by submitting an online application in the prescribed 
form available on the website www.iepf.gov.in and sending a duly 
signed physical copy of the same to the Company along with 
requisite documents stated in the Form IEPF-5. Shareholders are 
requested to ensure submission of claim documents, complete in all 
respect alongwith relevant documents in respect of claim, so as to 
avoid any rejection by appropriate authorities. The process for claim 
is also available on the website of the Company. 
The voting rights on the shares transferred to IEPF Authority shall 
remain frozen till the rightful owner claims the shares.
Pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement, the Company has kept in 
abeyance and credited the shares to a separate suspense account 
for the benefit of shareholders of Forbes & Company Limited (the 
Demerged Company) as on the record date. These shares were to 
be credited to shareholders in demat mode only. These include:(a) 
shares held in physical form,(b) shares credited to the Suspense 
Escrow Demat Account (SEDA), and(c) shares under litigation.
Further, the shareholders shall also be eligible to claim the interim 
dividend for the F.Y 2025-2026 on these shares. The eligible 
shareholders are advised to contact the RTA to claim shares in demat 
mode as well as unpaid interim dividend thereon.
===== [PAGE 42 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
37
In terms of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, detail of the equity shares lying in the Suspense Account is as follows:
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Shares held in physical 
form
Suspense Escrow Demat 
Account
Shares under litigation
No. of 
Share 
holders 
No. of 
Equity 
Shares
No. of 
Share 
holders
No. of 
Equity 
Shares
No. of 
Share 
holders
No. of 
Equity 
Shares
1 Aggregate number of shareholders and the 
outstanding shares transferred in Suspense 
Account (pursuant to the Composite 
Scheme of Arrangement) at the time of 
allotment during the year
2126 947348 5 1520 38 28516
2 Less: Number of shareholders who 
approached and shares were transferred 
from Suspense Account during the year
49 14928 -- -- -- --
3 Less: Number of shareholders whose 
shares were transferred from Suspense 
Account to IEPFA during the year 
-- -- -- -- -- --
4 Aggregate number of shareholders and 
the outstanding shares lying in Suspense 
Account at the end of the year 
2077 935912 5 1520 38 28516
In view of the aforesaid, the voting rights on these shares transferred 
to SEDA shall remain frozen till the rightful owner of such shares 
claims the shares.
Registrars and Share Transfer & Agents
The Company has appointed MUFG Intime India Private Limited 
(formerly know as Link Intime India Private Limited) as its 
Registrar & Share Transfer Agents (RTA). Shareholders are advised 
to approach MUFG Intime India Private Limited on the following 
address for any queries and issues related to shares held by them in 
the Company:
MUFG Intime India Private Limited 
Address: C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), 
Mumbai-400 083, Maharashtra, India. Tel.: +91 81081 18484 
E-mail: csg-unit@in.mpms.mufg.com 
Website: https://in.mpms.mufg.com  
Dematerialisation of Equity Shares
Pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement and in Compliance to 
BSE observation letter No. DCS/ AMAL/TL/R37/2816/2023-
24 dated July 23, 2024 the Company had allotted equity shares in 
dematerialized form to those shareholders who hold shares as on 
the record date of the Demerged Company (Forbes & Company 
Limited).
Shareholders holding shares in physical mode of Forbes & Company 
Limited , the shares are kept in in abeyance in a separate demat 
account and such shareholders can make a request to the RTA to 
claim the shares. 
As on March 31, 2025, 100% equity shares of the Company are in 
dematerialised form.
Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2025
Category No. of Shares %
Promoters 38102764 73.85
Central/State Government Institutions 121452 0.24
Financial Institutions/ Banks 47028 0.09
Limited Liability Partnership 23987 0.05
Mutual Fund 150248 0.29
FII & NRI/FBC/FPI 5866300 11.37
Investor Education and Protection Fund 652612 1.26
Directors and their relatives 8128 0.02
Trusts 2400 0.00
Bodies Corporate/Clearing Members 1526260 2.96
Public 5093285 9.87
Total 51594464 100.00
Distribution by size as on March 31, 2025
Holding No. of 
Shareholders
No. of 
Shares
% to 
Shares
1 to 500 12387 1376097 2.67
501 to 1000 848 636985 1.23
1001 to 2000 432 641682 1.24
2001 to 3000 157 389609 0.76
3001 to 4000 92 326147 0.63
4001 to 5000 41 189121 0.37
5001 to 10000 62 449649 0.87
10001 & above 58 47585174 92.23
Total 14077 51594464 100.00
===== [PAGE 43 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
38
Credit Rating
The following credit rating was assigned to the Company 
by Infomerics Valuation and Rating Private Limited as of  
December 5, 2024:
Facility Amount 
Rated  
(` In Crores)
Rating Rating 
Action 
Long term Bank 
facilities
4.46 IVR BBB/Stable 
(IVR Triple 
B with stable 
Outlook)
Assigned
Proposed Long 
term Bank 
facilities
40.54 IVR BBB/Stable 
(IVR Triple 
B with stable 
Outlook)
Assigned
Proposed Short 
term term Bank 
facilities
10.00 IVR A3+  (IVR 
A three plus)
Assigned
Status of dematerialization of shares and liquidity as on  
March 31, 2025
Details No. of 
shares
% of Share 
Capital
No. of 
Accounts
National Securities 
Depository Ltd. (NSDL)
48565145 94.13 6216
Central Depository Services 
(India) Ltd. (CDSL)
3029319 5.87 7861
Total 51594464 100.00 14077
Outstanding Employee Stock Options, GDRs, ADRs, etc.
The Company has not issued any GDRs/ADRs/Warrants. There are 
no outstanding Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (“FCCBs”) and 
Employee Stock Options.
No funds were raised during the year through preferential allotment 
or qualified institutional placement.
The Company does not undertake any commodity hedging activities.
Foreign exchange risk and hedging activities
The Company has a foreign exchange risk management policy 
for managing foreign currency exposure. The Company identifies 
risks and exposures to be hedged from time to time and hedges 
these exposures. During the year, the Company has managed 
foreign exchange risk and hedged in compliance with its extant 
foreign exchange risk management policy. The open foreign  
exchange exposures are reviewed at a regular interval. Note 
No. 2(xiii) to the standalone financial statements describes the 
accounting policy relating to the foreign currency transactions 
and translations.
The Company does not undertake any commodity hedging 
activities.
Plant Locations
Plot B-13, MIDC Waluj Industrial Area Waluj, Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar - 431 133
Address for correspondence
The shareholders may send their communication/ suggestions/ 
grievances /queries related to the Company to: Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer, Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts 
Limited, Forbes' Building,, Charanjeet Rai Marg, Fort. Mumbai 
400001, Email id investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in.
Auditors’ Certificate
1. Certificate dated April 24, 2025 issued by M/s. MMJB & 
Associates LLP, Practicing Company Secretaries certifying that 
none of the Directors of the Company have been debarred or 
disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors by 
the Board/ Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory 
authority.
2. The certificate dated April 24, 2025, issued by M/s. MMJB & 
Associates LLP, Practicing Company Secretaries on compliance 
with the Corporate Governance requirements by the Company is 
annexed herewith.
The Corporate Governance Report was adopted by the Board of 
Directors at its meeting held on April 24, 2025 as a part of Board’s 
Report.
DECLARATION UNDER REGULATION 26(3) OF 
SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
As provided under Regulation 26(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board 
Members and the Senior Management Personnel have confirmed 
compliance with the code of conduct for Board of Directors and 
Senior Management for the year ended March 31, 2025.
For Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
Mahesh C. Tahilyani
Managing Director
Place: Mumbai
Dated : April 24, 2025
===== [PAGE 44 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
39
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
To,
The Members,
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001, Maharashtra, India.
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited (“the 
Company”) for the year ended on March 31, 2024, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) 
of Regulation 46 and Para C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 [“Listing Regulations”].
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and representations made by the management, 
we certify that the corporate governance provisions were not mandatorily applicable to the entity in the last financial year but Company has 
voluntarily adhered to these provisions to the best of their ability and Company is into process of full compliance with the relevant regulations 
as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and Para C, D and E of Schedule V of 
Listing Regulations.
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. Our examination was limited to procedures 
and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is 
neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Date:  April 24, 2025 
Place: Mumbai
For MMJB & Associates LLP
Company Secretaries
ICSI UIN: L2020MH006700
Omkar Dindorkar 
Designated Partner
ACS: 43029
CP: 24580 PR: 2826/2022
UDIN: A043029G000188647
===== [PAGE 45 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
40
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regulation 34 (3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of  
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To, 
The Members
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited 
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg Fort, 
Mumbai, Maharashtra,
India, 400001
We have examined the relevant disclosures provided by the Directors (as enlisted in Table A) to Fobes Precision Tools and Machine Parts 
Limited having CIN L29256MH2022PLC389649 and having registered office at Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, India, 400001, India (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’) for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance 
with Regulation 34 (3) read with Schedule V Para C clause 10 (i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information, based on (i) Documents available on the website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) 
(ii) Verification of Directors Identification Number (DIN) status on the website of the MCA, and (iii) disclosures provided by the Directors 
to the Company, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company (as enlisted in Table A) have been debarred or 
disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of the Companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, Reserve Bank of India or any such other statutory authority as on March 31, 2025
Table A
Sr. No. Name of the Directors DIN Date of appointment /
Resignation 
1. Mr. Mahesh Chelaram Tahilyani 01423084 01/04/2024
2. Mr. Sivanandhan Dhanushkodi 03607203 30/03/2024
3. Mr. Marzin Roomi Shroff 00642613 30/03/2024
4. Mr. Jai Laxmikant Mavani 05260191 30/03/2024
5. Ms. Rani Jadhav Ajit 07070938 30/03/2024
6. Mr. Nikhil Jaysinh Bhatia 00414281 30/03/2024
General Disclaimer: Our Analysis for this certificate does not cover the verification of criteria pertaining to appointment as independent 
director under Section 149 and criteria pertaining to appointment as Managing Director under Section 196 and Schedule V of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
Date:  April 24, 2025 
Place: Mumbai
For MMJB & Associates LLP
Company Secretaries
ICSI UIN: L2020MH006700
Omkar Dindorkar 
Designated Partner
ACS: 43029
CP: 24580
UDIN: F009290G000194739
===== [PAGE 46 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
41
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
FORMING PART OF 
ANNUAL REPORT 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED  
MARCH 31, 2025
===== [PAGE 47 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
42
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the members of FORBES PRECISION TOOLS AND 
MACHINE PARTS LIMITED 
Report on the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Standalone Financial 
Statements of FORBES PRECISION TOOLS AND MACHINE 
PARTS LIMITED (hereinafter referred as “the Company”), which 
comprise the Balance sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Statement of 
Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the Cash 
Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the 
year ended March 31, 2025 and Notes to the Standalone Financial 
Statements, including a summary of material accounting policies 
and other explanatory information (hereinafter collectively referred 
as the “Standalone Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Standalone Financial 
Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 
2013 (hereinafter referred as “the Act”) in the manner so required and 
give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting 
Standards prescribed Under Section 133 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended 
(hereinafter referred as “Ind AS”) and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs (financial position) 
of the Company as at March 31, 2025, its profit, total comprehensive 
income, its cash flows and the changes in equity for the year ended 
on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (hereinafter referred to as “SAs”) specified Under Section 
143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards 
are further described in Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of 
the Standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (hereinafter 
referred as “ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements under 
the provisions of the Act and the Rules there under, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, 
were of most significance in our audit of the standalone financial 
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in 
the context of our audit of the standalone financial statements as a 
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters 
described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in 
our report;
S. 
No.
Key Audit Matter (KAM) Auditor’s Response
1 Revenue Recognition:
The Company’s revenue is derived from the sale of carbide 
and high-speed steel round cutting tools for the automotive 
and engineering industry. The Company recognizes revenue 
when the control is transferred to the customer.
The terms set out in the Company’s sales contracts relating to 
goods acceptance by customers are varied. Accordingly, the 
terms and conditions of sales contracts may affect the timing 
of recognition of sales to customers as each sales contract 
could have different terms relating to customer acceptance of 
the goods sold.
We identified the recognition of revenue as a key audit matter 
because revenue is one of the key performance indicators of 
the Company and is, therefore, subject to an inherent risk of 
misstatement to meet targets or expectations and because 
errors in the recognition of revenue could have a material 
impact on the Company
Our audit procedures in respect of this area include but are not 
limited to:
• assessed the design and operating effectiveness of the 
Company’s controls around revenue recognition and 
measurement.
• assessed the appropriateness of the Company’s identification 
of performance obligations in its contracts with customers, 
its determination of transaction price, including allocation 
thereof to performance obligations and accounting policies 
for revenue recognition in accordance with the accounting 
principles laid down in Ind AS 115;
• assessed the revenue recognized with substantive analytical 
procedures including review of price, quantity and product 
mix variances and analysis of discounts at the customer level.
• scrutinized sales ledgers to verify the accuracy and 
completeness of sales transactions.
• on a sample basis, tested the revenue recognised including 
testing of cut off assertion as at the year-end;
• circularized balance confirmations to a selected sample of 
customers and evaluated the responses;
• Assessed the disclosures made by the Company.
Based on the above audit procedures performed, we did not come 
across any significant exceptions with regard to revenue recognition.
===== [PAGE 48 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
43
Information other than the Standalone Financial Statements 
and Auditor’s Report thereon (hereinafter referred as “other 
information”)
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Annual Report but does not include the standalone 
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance opinion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, 
our responsibility is to read the other information identified 
above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements, 
or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on work we have performed, we conclude that there is a 
material misstatement of this other information, we are required 
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Management Responsibilities for the Standalone Financial 
Statements
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are 
responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Act 
with respect to the preparation of these Standalone Financial 
Statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, 
financial performance, cash flows and changes in equity of the 
Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, including the Ind AS. This responsibility 
also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the 
assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds 
and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate 
accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that 
are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the Standalone Financial Statements that give 
a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, the Company’s 
Management and Board of Directors are responsible for assessing 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, 
as applicable, matters related to the going concerned and using 
the going concern basis of accounting unless management either 
intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors are responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the Standalone Financial Statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these Standalone Financial Statements. As part of an 
audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment 
and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We 
also:
a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to 
those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of 
not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control.
b) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the 
audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3) (i) of the Act, we 
are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the 
Company has an adequate internal financial controls system 
in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
d) Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the 
going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt 
on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. 
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the 
related disclosures in the Standalone Financial Statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. 
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained 
up to our auditor’s report date. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a 
going concern.
e) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the 
Standalone Financial Statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the Standalone Financial Statements represent 
the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Standalone 
Financial Statements that, individually or in the aggregate, 
makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably 
knowledgeable user of the Standalone Financial Statements 
may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and 
qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work 
and in evaluating the results of our work, and (ii) evaluating the 
effect of any identified misstatements in the Standalone Financial 
Statements.
===== [PAGE 49 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
44
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all 
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matter
During the previous year, the precision tool business of Forbes & 
Company Limited was transferred to and vested in the company 
from the appointed date of April 1, 2023 and the same transfer 
took effect from March 1, 2024. The statements include the 
comparative year ended March 31, 2024, and have been given the 
effect of the order of the scheme of arrangements as mentioned in 
note 39 to the financial statements.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this other matter.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government in 
terms of Section 143 (11) of the Act, we give in “Annexure 
A”, a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 
4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2. As required by Section 143 (3) of the Act and based on our 
audit we report that:
 a) We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
 b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books;
 c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the 
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of 
Cash Flows statement dealt with by this report are in 
agreement with the books of account;
 d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial 
Statements comply with the Ind AS specified under 
Section 133 of the Act.
 e) On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on March 31, 2025 taken on 
record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors 
is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of 
the Act;
 f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls with reference to financial statements of the 
Company and the operating effectiveness of such 
controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure 
B”. Our report expresses an unmodified opinion 
on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the 
Company’s internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements; and
 g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
auditor’s report in accordance with the requirements 
of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended, we report 
that in our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors 
during the year is in accordance with the provisions 
of section 197(16) of the Act. The remuneration 
paid to the director by the company is not in excess 
of the limit laid down under Section 197(16) of the 
Act, where request approval is taken in the general 
meeting.   The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not 
prescribed other details under Section 197(16) which 
are required to be commented upon by us;
 h) With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
  i. The Company has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations as of March 31, 2025, 
on its financial position in its Standalone 
Financial Statements - Refer notes 34 (a) to the 
Standalone Financial Statements.
  ii. The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts for 
which there were any material foreseeable 
losses;
  iii. There were no amounts that were required to 
be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company.
  iv. (a) The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have 
been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the Company to or in 
any other person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded 
===== [PAGE 50 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
45
in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) 
or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries;
   (b) The Management has represented, that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have 
been received by the Company from 
any person or entity, including foreign 
entity (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on 
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   (c)  Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to the notice that 
has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and 
(ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under 
(a) and (b) above, contain any material 
misstatement;
   v. During the year Company has not 
declared/ paid any dividend hence 
reporting under rule 11 (f) is not 
applicable to that extent. and
   vi. Based on our examination which 
included test checks, the company 
has used accounting software for 
maintaining its books of account 
which has a feature of recording 
audit trail (edit log) facility and the 
same has operated throughout the 
year for all relevant transactions 
recorded in the software. Further, 
during the course of our audit, we 
did not come across any instance of 
the audit trail feature being tampered 
with. Additionally, the audit trail has 
been preserved by the company as per 
the statutory requirements for record 
retention.
For Sharp & Tannan Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 0109983W
by the hand of
Parthiv S Desai
Partner
Membership No.: (F) 042624
Mumbai, April 24, 2025  UDIN- 25042624BMOCXM1447
===== [PAGE 51 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
46
Annexure A to the independent auditor’s report on the 
standalone financial statements of Forbes Precision Tools and 
Machine Parts Limited for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading “Report on Other 
Legal and Regulatory Requirements” Section of our report on 
even date)
(i) (a) According to the information and explanation given to 
us and records examined by us;
  (A) The Company is maintained proper records 
showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details and the situation of the Property, Plant 
and Equipment (PPE) and relevent details of 
right of Use of assets.
  (B) The Company is maintaining proper records 
showing full particulars of the Intangible assets 
of the Company.
 (b) The Company has a program of verification of PPE 
to cover all the items once in two years which, in 
our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size 
of the Company and the nature of its assets. Pursuant 
to the program, all the PPE were physically verified 
by the Management during the previous year. 
According to the information and explanations given 
to us, no material discrepancies were noticed in 
such verification related to assets transferred to the 
company as per the scheme of arrangement.
       (c) We report that the title deeds, comprising all the 
immovable properties of land and buildings, (other 
than properties where the company is the lessee and 
the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of 
the lessee), are held in the name of the Company as on 
balance sheet date.
 (d) We report that the company has not made any 
revaluation of PPE (including Right of use assets) or 
intangible assets or both during the year. Accordingly, 
reporting on paragraphs 3 Clause (i) (d) of the Order 
is not applicable to the Company.
 (e) We report that there are no proceedings have been 
initiated or are pending against the company for 
holding any benami property under the Benami 
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) 
and rules made thereunder. Accordingly, reporting 
on paragraphs 3 Clause (i) (e) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
(ii) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us;
 (a) the physical verification of inventory has been 
conducted at reasonable intervals by the management 
during the year and, in our opinion, the coverage 
and procedure of such verification by Management 
is appropriate. Inventory lying with the third parties 
has been substantially confirmed by them. The 
discrepancies noticed on physical verification of 
inventory as compared to book records were not 10% 
or more and have been appropriately dealt with in the 
books of accounts.
 (b) During the year the company has not been sanctioned 
a working capital facility. Accordingly, reporting 
on paragraph 3 Clause (ii) (b) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
(iii) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us the company has not made 
investments in, provided any guarantee or security or granted 
any loans or advances in the nature of loans, secured or 
unsecured to companies, firms, limited liability partnerships 
or other parties during the year. Accordingly, paragraph 
3 Clause (iii) (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) & (f) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
(iv) During the year the Company has not given loans and 
advances or made investments in or provided guarantees or 
security to parties covered by sections 185 and 186 of the 
Act. Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 Clause (iv) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company.
(v) The Company has neither accepted any deposits from the 
public nor accepted any amounts which are deemed to 
be deposits, within the meaning of section 73 to 76 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Rules framed thereunder, to the 
extent applicable. Accordingly, reporting on paragraphs 3 
Clause (v) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(vi) The Central Government has specified maintenance of cost 
records under Section 148(1) of the Act. We have broadly 
reviewed these records relating to materials, labour and 
other items of cost maintained by the Company and are of 
the opinion that prima facie, the prescribed cost accounts and 
records have been prepared and maintained. We have not 
however made a detailed examination of records with a view 
to determine whether they are accurate or complete.
(vii) According to the information and explanations given to us, in 
respect of statutory dues:
 (a) in our opinion, the Company is regular in depositing 
the undisputed statutory dues, including Goods and 
Services Tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State 
Insurance, Income-tax, Customs Duty, cess, and 
other material statutory dues, as applicable, with 
the appropriate authorities as per the records of the 
company examined by us.
 (b) There are no statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) 
as at March 31, 2025, which have not been deposited 
on account of a dispute, except as mentioned below:
===== [PAGE 52 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
47
Name of the Statute Nature of dues Period to which the 
amount relates
Forum where the 
dispute is pending
Amount involved (Rs. in 
Lakhs)
Employees Provident 
Fund and Misc. Provisions 
Act, 1952
Damages 1996-2014
The Central Government 
Industrial Tribunal at 
Mumbai
16.81
(viii) There are no such transactions that are not recorded in the 
books of account, which have been surrendered or disclosed 
as income during the year in the tax assessments under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961). Accordingly, reporting 
on paragraph 3 clause (viii) of the Order is not applicable to 
the Company.
(ix) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and the records examined by us;
 (a) the Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans 
or other borrowings or in the payment of interest 
thereon to any lender.
 (b) the company has not been declared a wilful defaulter 
by banks or financial institutions or other lenders 
Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 clause (ix) (b) 
of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
 (c) In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, the term loans have 
been applied for the purpose for which they were 
obtained.
 (d) According to the information and explanations given 
to us, the procedures performed by us, and on an 
overall examination of the financial statements of the 
company, we report that no funds raised on a short-
term basis have been used for long-term purposes by 
the company.
 (e) The company does not have subsidiaries, associates 
or joint ventures. Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 
3 clause (ix) (e) of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company
 (f) The company does not have subsidiaries, associates 
or joint ventures. Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 
3 clause (ix) (f) of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company.
(x) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and the records examined by us,
 (a) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has not raised 
money by way of an initial public offer or further 
public offer (including debt instruments). Accordingly 
reporting on paragraph 3 clause (x) (a) of the Order is 
not applicable to the Company.
 (b) During the year the Company has not made preferential 
allotment or private placement of shares or convertible 
debentures (fully, partially or optionally convertible), 
Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 clause (x) (b) 
of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xi) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and during the course of our examination of the books and 
records of the company,
 (a) we have neither come across any instance of material 
fraud by the Company or on the Company, noticed or 
reported during the year, nor have been informed of 
any such case by the management.
 (b) No report under Section 143(12) of the Act, in Form 
ADT-4, as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 was required to be 
filed with the Central Government. Accordingly, the 
reporting on paragraph 3 clause (xi)(b) of the Order is 
not applicable to the company.
 (c) no whistle-blower complaints have been received 
during the year by the Company. Accordingly, the 
reporting on paragraphs 3 Clause (xi)(c) of the Order 
is not applicable to the company.
(xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting 
on paragraph 3 clause (xii) (a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
(xiii) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us the Company is in compliance with 
Sections 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013, where 
applicable, the details of related party transactions have 
been disclosed in the financial statements as required by the 
applicable Ind AS.
(xiv) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and the records examined by us
 (a) the company has an internal audit system 
commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
 (b) we have considered the internal audit reports of the 
company issued till the balance sheet date, for the 
period under audit.
(xv) During the year the Company has not entered into any non-
cash transactions with its directors or persons connected to 
its directors and hence, provisions of Section 192 of the Act 
are not applicable to the Company. Accordingly, reporting on 
paragraph 3 clause (xv) of the order is not applicable to the 
company.
(xvi) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and the records examined by us,
 (a) the Company is not required to be registered under 
Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. 
Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 Clause (xvi)(a) 
of the order is not applicable to the company.
===== [PAGE 53 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
48
 (b) the Company has not conducted non-banking 
financial/housing finance activities during the year. 
Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 Clause (xvi)
(b) of the order is not applicable to the company.
 (c) the Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) 
as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve 
Bank of India. Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 
3 Clause (xvi)(c) of the order is not applicable to the 
company.
 (d) The group has seven CICs as part of the Group as 
detailed in note 43(iii) to the standalone financial 
statements. We have not, however, separately 
evaluated whether the information provided by the 
management is accurate and complete.
(xvii) the company has not incurred cash losses in the current year 
as well as for the immediately preceding financial year.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during 
the year and accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 Clause 
(xviii) of the order is not applicable to the company.
(xix) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected 
dates of realization of financial assets and payment of 
financial liabilities, and other information accompanying the 
financial statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors 
and management plans and based on our examination of the 
evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to 
our attention, which causes us to believe that any material 
uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that 
company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the 
date of the balance sheet as and when they fall due within a 
period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, 
state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of 
the company. We further state that our reporting is based on 
the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give 
any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due 
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will 
get discharged by the company as and when they fall due.
(xx) According to the information and explanation given to us and 
on the basis of the accounts and records examined by us;
 (a) there is no unspent amount under sub-section (5) of 
Section 135 of the Act pursuant to any project other 
than ongoing projects. Accordingly, clause 3(xx)(a) of 
the Order is not applicable
 (b) In respect of ongoing projects, the Company has 
transferred the unspent amount to a Special Account 
within a period of 30 days from the end of the financial 
year in compliance with Section 135(6) of the Act.
(xxi) The company does not have any subsidiaries, associates 
and joint ventures during the year. Hence, the Company is 
not required to prepare Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 Clause (xxi) of the 
Order is not applicable.
For Sharp & Tannan Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 0109983W
by the hand of
Parthiv S Desai
Partner
Membership No.: (F) 042624
Mumbai, April 24, 2025  UDIN- 25042624BMOCXM1447
===== [PAGE 54 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
49
Annexure B to the independent auditor’s report on the 
standalone financial statements of FORBES PRECISION 
TOOLS AND MACHINE PARTS LIMITED for the year ended 
March 31, 2025.  
(Referred to in paragraph 2 (f) under the heading, “Report on other 
legal and regulatory requirements” of our report on even date)
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the 
standalone financial statements under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 
of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to 
standalone financial statements of Forbes Precision Tools and 
Machine Parts Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) 
as of March 31, 2025, in conjunction with our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
Management Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s Management is responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal 
controls with reference to standalone financial statements criteria 
established by the Company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the guidance note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”). These responsibilities 
include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including 
adherence to the Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, 
the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation 
of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements 
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with 
the guidance note and the Standards on Auditing issued by ICAI 
and deemed to be prescribed Under Section 143(10) of the Act, to 
the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with 
reference to Standalone Financial Statements. Those Standards and 
the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements 
and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting 
was established and maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence 
about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference 
to standalone financial statements and their operating effectiveness. 
Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements, 
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and 
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control 
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the 
auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due 
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to 
Financial Statements
A Company’s internal financial control with Reference to Standalone 
Financial Statements is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the 
preparation of Standalone Financial Statements for external purposes 
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company’s internal financial control with Reference to Financial 
Statements includes those policies and procedures that:
(1)  pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the Company;
(2)  provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of Standalone Financial 
Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company 
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the company; and
(3)  provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of 
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
Standalone Financial Statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with 
Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements, including the possibility of 
collusion or improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements to future periods are subject to 
the risk that the internal financial control with reference to standalone 
financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in 
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or 
procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference to 
standalone financial statements and such internal financial controls 
with reference to Standalone Financial Statements were operating 
effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone financial statements criteria 
established by the Company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India.
For Sharp & Tannan Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 0109983W
by the hand of
Parthiv S Desai
Partner
Membership No.: (F) 042624
Mumbai, April 24, 2025  UDIN- 25042624BMOCXM1447
===== [PAGE 55 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
50
BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
Particulars Note 
No.
As at  
March 31, 2025
` in Lakhs
As at  
March 31, 2024
` in Lakhs
ASSETS
1 Non-current assets
a Property, Plant and Equipment 3  9,946.22  8,527.72 
b Right-of-use assets 32  1,015.38  343.09 
c Capital work-in-progress 3A  819.79  468.67 
d Other Intangible assets 3B  39.81  61.30 
e Financial Assets:
i) Investments 4A  0.03  -   
ii) Other financial assets 7A  115.20  94.53 
f Income tax assets (net) 20  1,026.64  851.41 
g Other non-current assets 10A  49.63  296.69 
Total Non-current assets  13,012.70  10,643.41 
2 Current assets
a Inventories 8  3,193.07  3,846.87 
b Financial Assets:
i) Investments 4B  4,395.86  -   
ii) Trade receivables 5  3,303.98  2,944.40 
iii) Cash and cash equivalents 9  748.23  1,595.63 
iv) Loans & Advances 6  0.03  3.26 
v) Other financial assets 7B  -    1,137.83 
c Other current assets 10B  348.67  88.25 
Total Current assets  11,989.84  9,616.24 
Total Assets  25,002.54  20,259.65 
===== [PAGE 56 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
51
Annual Report 2024-25
In terms of our report of even date 
For Sharp & Tannan Associates For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants M.C. TAHILYANI JAI L. MAVANI
Firm's Registration No.: 109983W Managing Director Director
DIN : 01423084 DIN : 05260191
Parthiv S. Desai VIKRAM V. NAGAR RUPA KHANNA
Partner Chief Financial Officer   Company Secretary  
Membership No.:  042624 Membership No :  A33322
Date: Apr. 24, 2025 Date: Apr. 24, 2025
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
Particulars Note 
No.
As at  
March 31, 2025
` in Lakhs
As at  
March 31, 2024
` in Lakhs
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
a Equity share capital 11  5,159.45  5,159.45 
b Other equity 12  11,464.80  8,615.88 
Total Equity  16,624.25  13,775.33 
Liabilities
1 Non-current liabilities
a Financial liabilities:
i) Borrowings 13  1,487.14  294.15 
ii) Lease Liabilities 32  138.92  216.00 
iii) Other financial liabilities 14A  126.19  95.15 
b Provisions 15A  -    557.56 
c Deferred tax liabilities (net) 16  471.45  236.77 
Total Non-current liabilities  2,223.70  1,399.63 
2 Current liabilities
a Financial liabilities:
i) Borrowings 18  481.15  248.25 
ii) Lease Liabilities 32  141.13  125.25 
iii) Trade payables 
a) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises; and 19  741.30  782.35 
b) total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and 
small enterprises
19  1,600.29  1,387.07 
iv) Other financial liabilities 14B  1,078.60  538.22 
b Other current liabilities 17  1,164.66  862.61 
c Provisions 15B  -    129.23 
d Current tax liabilities (net) 20  947.46  1,011.71 
Total Current Liabilities  6,154.59  5,084.69 
Total Liabilities  8,378.29  6,484.32 
Total Equity and Liabilities  25,002.54  20,259.65 
Material Accounting Policies 1 & 2
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements 3 to 46
===== [PAGE 57 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
52
In terms of our report of even date 
For Sharp & Tannan Associates For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants M.C. TAHILYANI JAI L. MAVANI
Firm's Registration No.: 109983W Managing Director Director
DIN : 01423084 DIN : 05260191
Parthiv S. Desai VIKRAM V. NAGAR RUPA KHANNA
Partner Chief Financial Officer   Company Secretary  
Membership No.:  042624 Membership No :  A33322
Date: Apr. 24, 2025 Date: Apr. 24, 2025
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
Particulars  Note No.
Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
` in Lakhs
Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
` in Lakhs
I Revenue from operations 21  23,266.17  22,849.66 
II Other income 22  437.34  105.94 
III Total Income (I + II)  23,703.51  22,955.60 
IV Expenses:
Cost of materials consumed 23  7,446.42  8,050.05 
Purchases of stock-in-trade  31.90  128.72 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade 23  503.96  (220.04)
Employee benefits expense 24  4,403.22  4,106.51 
Finance cost 25  112.79  115.86 
Depreciation and amortisation expense 26  1,350.03  1,144.59 
Other Expenses 27  5,767.60  5,646.88 
Total expenses  19,615.92  18,972.57 
V Profit before exceptional items and tax (III - IV)  4,087.59  3,983.03 
VI Profit / (Loss) before tax  (V-VI)  4,087.59  3,983.03 
VII Tax expense / (credit):
Current tax 28  947.46  1,011.71 
(Excess) / Short provision for tax of earlier years 28  22.25  -   
Deferred tax 28  243.31  0.21 
 1,213.02  1,011.92 
VIII Profit / (loss) for the year (VII-VIII)  2,874.57  2,971.11 
IX Other Comprehensive Income
A) (i) Items that will not be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans  (34.28)  8.41 
(ii) Income tax relating to these items
Deferred tax 28  8.63  (2.12)
 (25.65)  6.29 
X Total Comprehensive Income / (Loss) for the year (IX + X)  2,848.93  2,977.40 
XI Earning per equity share : 
Basic and diluted earnings per equity share After Exceptional Items 29 ₹ 5.57 ₹ 110.63
Material Accounting Policies 1 & 2
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements 3 to 46
===== [PAGE 58 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
53
Annual Report 2024-25
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
Particulars
Year ended  
March 31, 2025
` in Lakhs
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
` in Lakhs
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax  4,087.59  3,983.03 
Adjustments for -
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment expense  1,350.03  1,144.59 
Interest income earned on financial assets that are not designated as at fair 
value through profit or loss:
i) Bank deposits  (3.07)  (7.81)
Finance costs  112.79  115.86 
Dividend/ Income from Mutual fund  (22.45)  -   
(Gain)/loss on disposal of property,plant and equipment  6.18  (3.56)
Credit balances /  excess provision written back  (174.68)  (15.36)
Provision for doubtful loans and advances  3.19  (0.57)
Trade receivables written off  4.61  (39.35)
Advances written off  0.67  -   
Gain on fair value of Current investments  (113.41)  -   
Net unrealised exchange Gain  49.27  (31.27)
 1,213.13  1,162.53 
Operating profit before working capital changes  5,300.73  5,145.56 
Changes in working capital:
Increase in trade and other receivables  764.54  (4,093.67)
(Increase)/Decrease in inventories  653.80  (3,846.87)
(Increase)/Decrease in other assets  (291.92)  (384.87)
Increase/ (Decrease) in trade and other payables  224.45  2,179.79 
Increase/ (Decrease) in provisions  (721.07)  686.04 
Increase/(Decrease) in other liabilities  410.27  862.61 
 1,040.07  (4,596.97)
Cash generated from operations  6,340.80  548.59 
Income taxes paid/ refunds received (net)  (1,209.19)  397.07 
(a) Net cash flow generated from operating activities  5,131.61  945.66 
Cash flows from investing activities:
Payments for property, plant and equipment (including investment 
properties, intangible assets and advances)
 (2,826.29)  (9,726.46)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment (including 
investment properties and intangible assets)
 7.31  3.76 
Investment in Equity shares  (0.03)  -   
Investment in Mutual funds  (4,282.45)  -   
Other Loans & Advances  (0.63)  (2.69)
Interest received  3.07  7.81 
Dividend/ Income received from Mutual fund  22.45  -   
(b) Net cash flow generated from/(used in) investing activities  (7,076.57)  (9,717.58)
===== [PAGE 59 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
54
In terms of our report of even date 
For Sharp & Tannan Associates For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No.: 109983W
M.C. TAHILYANI
Managing Director
DIN : 01423084
JAI L. MAVANI
Director
DIN : 05260191
Parthiv S. Desai 
Partner
Membership No.:  042624
VIKRAM V. NAGAR
Chief Financial Officer   
RUPA KHANNA
Company Secretary  
Membership No :  A33322
Date: Apr. 24, 2025
Place: Mumbai
Date: Apr. 24, 2025
Place: Mumbai
Particulars
Year ended  
March 31, 2025
` in Lakhs
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
` in Lakhs
Cash flows from financing activities:  -   
Proceeds from long-term borrowings  1,700.00  1,256.20 
Repayment of long-term borrowings  (274.11)  (713.80)
Finance costs paid  (165.16)  67.36 
Proceeds from Equity issue of scheme of demerger     -    9,788.48 
Payment of Lease Liabilities  (163.17)  (35.69)
(c) Net cash flow generated from/(used in) financing activities  1,097.56  10,362.55 
(d) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (a + b + c)  (847.40)  1,590.63 
(e) Cash and cash equivalents as at the commencement of the year  1,595.63  5.00 
(f) Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year (d + e)  748.23  1,595.63 
Cash and cash equivalents as per above comprise of the following  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
Balances with bank
-  In current accounts  574.88  1,595.63 
-  In EEFC Accounts  173.35  -   
Balances as per statement of cash flows  748.23  1,595.63 
Notes: 
1. The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” setout in Indian Accounting Standard - 7 on Statement 
of Cash Flows.
2 The cash flow statement shown above has been adjusted to reflect the impact of the Scheme of Arrangement (Refer Note 39). This 
adjustment ensures that the net cash flow arising from the operating, investing, and financing activities is accurately accounted for.
Material Accounting Policies  1 & 2 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements  3 to 46  
===== [PAGE 60 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
55
Annual Report 2024-25
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 
a.  Equity share capital
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Balance as at the beginning of the year  5,159.45  5.00 
Cancellation of Shares as per scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 39)  -    (5.00)
Allotment of share Capital as per scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 39)  -    5,159.45 
Balance as at end of the period  5,159.45  5,159.45 
b.  Other equity
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Reserves and surplus Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
TotalCapital Reserves 
on Demerger
Retained 
earnings
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  -    (1.18)  -    (1.18)
Impact of demerger as per Scheme of arrangement 
(Ref. Note 39)
 (3,864.58)  9,744.35  (5.67)  5,874.10 
Deferred Tax liability (Ref. Note 39)  (234.44)  (234.44)
Profit / (loss) for the year  -    2,971.11  -    2,971.11 
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of 
income tax 
 -    -    6.29  6.29 
Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year  -    2,971.11  6.29  2,977.40 
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  (3,864.58)  12,479.84  0.62  8,615.88 
Profit / (loss) for the year  -    2,874.57  -    2,874.57 
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of 
income tax 
 -    -    (25.65)  (25.65)
Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year  -    2,874.57  (25.65)  2,848.92 
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  (3,864.58)  15,354.41  (25.03)  11,464.80 
Material Accounting Policies 1 & 2
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements 3 to 46
In terms of our report of even date 
For Sharp & Tannan Associates For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No.: 109983W
M.C. TAHILYANI
Managing Director
DIN : 01423084
JAI L. MAVANI
Director
DIN : 05260191
Parthiv S. Desai 
Partner
Membership No.:  042624
VIKRAM V. NAGAR
Chief Financial Officer   
RUPA KHANNA
Company Secretary  
Membership No :  A33322
Date: Apr. 24, 2025
Place: Mumbai
Date: Apr. 24, 2025
Place: Mumbai
===== [PAGE 61 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
56
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
 Forbes Precision Tools And Machine Parts Limited was 
incorporated on August 30, 2022 in India having registered 
office at Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, 
Mumbai-400001. Its parent company is Shapoorji Pallonji & 
Company Private Limited.The Company is mainly engaged 
in the business of manufacturing , trading & servicing of 
engineering and related products and Machine & Machine 
parts.
2A. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  i)  Statement of Compliance with Ind AS
  The financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) notified under Section 133 of Companies Act, 
2013 (‘the Act’) read together with Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and other relevant 
provisions of the Act.
  ii)  Basis of Preparation and Presentation
  The financial statements have been prepared on the 
historical cost basis except for the following;
  • Certain financial assets and liabilities 
(including derivative instruments) is measured 
at fair value;
  • defined benefit plans - plan asset measured at 
fair value
  Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of 
the consideration given in exchange for goods and 
services.
  For financial reporting purposes, fair value 
measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2, or 3 
based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value 
measurements are observable and the significance of 
the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, 
which are described as follows:
  • Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in 
active markets for identical assets or liabilities 
that the entity can access at the measurement 
date;
  • Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted 
prices included within Level 1, that are 
observable for the asset or liability, either 
directly or indirectly; and
  • Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the 
asset or liability
  All assets and liabilities have been classified as current 
or non-current as per the Company’s normal operating 
cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to 
the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature of 
products/activities of the Company and the normal 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  
time between acquisition of assets for processing 
and their realisation in cash and cash equivalents, the 
Company has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 
months for engineering business for the purpose of 
classification of its assets and liabilities as current and 
non current .
  These financial statements are presented in Indian 
Rupees which is the Company’s functional currency. 
All amounts are rounded off to the nearest lakhs 
(including two decimals), unless otherwise stated. The 
accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the 
financial statements are consistent with those of the 
previous year.
  iii)  Property, Plant and Equipment
  Property, Plant and Equipment are stated at cost 
of acquisition, less accumulated depreciation and 
accumulated impairment losses, if any. The cost 
comprises purchase price (excluding refundable 
taxes), borrowing costs if capitalization criteria are 
met and includes directly attributable cost of bringing 
the asset to its working condition for the intended 
use. Any trade discounts and rebates are deducted in 
arriving at the purchase price. Freehold land is not 
depreciated.
  Subsequent expenditures related to an item of property, 
plant and equipment are added to its carrying value 
only when it is probable that the future economic 
benefits from the asset will flow to the Company and 
cost can be reliably measured. All other repairs and 
maintenance are charged to the Statement of Profit 
and Loss during the reporting period in which they are 
incurred.
  Losses arising from the retirement of, and gains or 
losses arising from disposal of property, plant and 
equipment are recognised in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss.
  Depreciation on property, plant and equipment has 
been provided on straight line method as per the useful 
lives estimated by management. The life of the assets 
has been assessed based on technical evaluation which 
are higher than those specified by Schedule II to the 
Act, taking into account the nature of the assets, the 
estimated usage of the assets, the operating conditions 
of the assets, past history of replacement, anticipated 
technological changes, etc.
  The estimated useful lives, residual values and 
depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each 
reporting period, with the effect of any changes in 
estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
  Gains and losses on disposals are determined by 
comparing proceeds on sale with carrying amount. 
These are included in Statement of Profit and Loss 
within other gains / losses.
===== [PAGE 62 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
57
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
  The estimated useful lives of the property, plant and equipment are as under:
Sr. No. Class of assets Estimated useful life
 a Building - Factory & Office Buildings 10 - 60 years
 b Plant and Equipment 03 - 20 years
 c Furniture and Fixtures 03 -10 years
 d Vehicles 04 years
 e Office equipment
-   Owned 02-05 years
-   Leased Lower of lease term and useful life as stated above
 f Data processing equipments:- 
-   Owned 03-06 years
-   Leased Lower of lease term and useful life as stated above
 g Computer/Machine Software 03-05 years
 h Buildings on leasehold land Lower of the useful life in the range of 10 - 60 years and the lease 
term except in certain building useful life is based on technical 
certification.
 i Temporary structures (included in building) 03 years
 j Solar Power Plant 25 years
 k Dies & Moulds (for Amortization purpose) Dies and moulds are amortized over their estimated economic life 
determined on the basis of their usage.
  Fixed assets individually costing INR 5,000 and less are depreciated fully in the year of purchase.
estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. The 
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair 
value less costs of disposal and value in use. If such 
recoverable amount of the asset or the recoverable 
amount of the cash generating unit to which the 
asset belongs is less than its carrying amount, the 
carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount 
(cash generating unit). The reduction is treated as an 
impairment loss and is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss. If at the Balance Sheet date there is an 
indication that if a previously assessed impairment loss 
no longer exists, the recoverable amount is reassessed 
and the asset is reflected at the lower of recoverable 
amount and the carrying amount that would have been 
determined had no impairment loss been recognised. 
Non financial asset other than goodwill that suffered 
an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of 
the impairment at the end of each reporting period. 
For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets 
are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are 
separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely 
independent of the cash inflows from other assets or 
groups of assets (cash generating unit).
  vii)  Financial instruments
  Financial assets and financial liabilities are 
recognised when the Company becomes a party 
to the contractual provisions of the instruments.  
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially 
measured at fair value except trade recievable which 
is measured at transaction price. Transaction costs 
that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue 
of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than 
financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value 
  iv)  Capital work-in-progress
  Projects under which tangible fixed assets are not 
yet ready for their use are carried at cost, comprising 
direct cost, related incidental expenses and attributable 
interest, if any.
  v)  Intangible Assets
  Intangible assets, being computer software, are stated 
at acquisition cost, net of accumulated amortisation 
and accumulated impairment losses, if any. The cost 
comprises acquisition and implementation cost of 
software for internal use (including software coding, 
installation, testing and certain data conversion).
  Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis 
over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful 
life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end 
of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes 
in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.
  Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal 
of an intangible asset are determined as the difference 
between the disposal proceeds and the carrying 
amount of the asset and are recognised as income or 
expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
  Research costs are charged to the Statement of Profit 
and Loss as they are incurred.
  vi)  Impairment of Assets
  The Company assesses at end of each reporting period 
whether there is any indication that an asset may be 
impaired. If any such indication exists, the Company 
===== [PAGE 63 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
58
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the 
fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, 
as appropriate, on initial recognition,. Transaction 
costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial 
assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss are recognised immediately in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss. “
  Financial assets
  All recognised financial assets are subsequently 
measured in their entirety at either amortised cost 
or fair value, depending on the classification of the 
financial assets.
  Classification:
  Debt instruments that meet the following conditions 
are subsequently measured at amortised cost:
   -  the asset is held within a business model whose 
objective is to hold assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows; and
   -  the contractual terms of the instrument give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
  All other financial assets are subsequently measured 
at fair value.
  Effective interest method
  The effective interest method is a method of 
calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and 
of allocating interest income over the relevant period. 
The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts 
(including all fees and amounts that form an integral 
part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and 
other premiums or discounts) through the expected 
life of the debt instrument, or, where appropriate, a 
shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial 
recognition.
  Income is recognised on an effective interest basis 
for debt instruments other than those financial assets 
classified as at FVTPL. Interest income is recognised 
in the Statement of Profit and Loss and is included in 
the “Other income” line item.
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
(FVTPL)
  Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair 
value at the end of each reporting period, with any 
gains or losses arising on remeasurement recognised 
in the Statement of Profit and Loss. The net gain or 
loss recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss 
incorporates any dividend or interest earned on the 
financial asset. Dividend on financial assets at FVTPL 
is recognised when the Company’s right to receive 
the dividends is established, it is probable that the 
economic benefits associated with the dividend will 
flow to the entity, the dividend does not represent 
a recovery of part of cost of the investment and the 
amount of dividend can be measured reliably.
  Impairment of financial assets
  The Company applies the expected credit loss model 
for recognising impairment loss on financial assets 
measured at amortised cost, loan commitments, trade 
receivables, financial guarantees not designated as 
FVTPL and fair value through other comprehensive 
income and other contractual rights to receive cash or 
other financial asset.
  For trade receivables or any contractual right to 
receive cash or another financial asset that result from 
revenue transactions, the Company always measures 
the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime 
expected credit losses.
  Further, for the purpose of measuring lifetime 
expected credit loss (“”ECL””) allowance for trade 
receivables, the Company has used a practical 
expedient as permitted under Ind AS 109 Financial 
Instruments. This expected credit loss allowance is 
computed based on a provision matrix which takes 
into account historical credit loss experience and 
adjusted for forward-looking information.
  For recognition of impairment loss on other financial 
assets and risk exposure, the Company determines 
that whether there has been a significant increase in 
the credit risk since initial recognition. If credit risk 
has not increased significantly, 12-month ECL is used 
to provide for impairment loss. However, if credit risk 
has increased significantly, lifetime ECL is used. If, in 
a subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument 
improves such that there is no longer a significant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition, then 
the entity reverts to recognising impairment loss 
allowance based on 12-month ECL.
  Lifetime ECL are the expected credit losses resulting 
from all possible default events over the expected 
life of a financial instrument. The 12-month ECL is a 
portion of the lifetime ECL which results from default 
events that are possible within 12 months after the 
reporting date.
  Derecognition of financial assets
  A financial asset is derecognised only when
   •  The contractual rights to the cash flows from 
the financial asset expire, or
   •  The Company has transferred the rights to 
receive cash flows from the financial asset or
   •  retains the contractual rights to receive the 
cash flows of the financial asset but assumes a 
contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to 
one or more recipients.
===== [PAGE 64 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
59
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
   •  The company has no obligation to pay amounts 
to the eventual recipients unless it collects 
equivalent amounts from the original asset. 
Short-term advances by the company with the 
right of full recovery of the amount lent plus 
accrued interest at market rates do not violate 
this condition.
   •  The company is prohibited by the terms of 
the transfer contract from selling or pledging 
the original asset other than as security to the 
eventual recipients for the obligation to pay 
them cash flows.
   •  The company has an obligation to remit any 
cash flows it collects on behalf of the eventual 
recipients without material delay. In addition, 
the company is not entitled to reinvest such cash 
flows, except for investments in cash or cash 
equivalents (as defined in Ind AS 7 Statement 
of Cash Flows) during the short settlement 
period from the collection date to the date of 
required remittance to the eventual recipients, 
and interest earned on such investments is 
passed to the eventual recipients.
  Where the entity has transferred an asset, the Company 
evaluates whether it has transferred substantially all 
risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset. 
In such cases, the financial asset is derecognised.
  Foreign exchange gains and losses
  The fair value of financial assets denominated in a 
foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency 
and translated at the spot rate at the end of each 
reporting period. For foreign currency denominated 
financial assets measured at amortised cost and 
FVTPL, the exchange differences are recognised in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss.
  Financial liabilities and equity instruments
  Classification as debt or equity
  Debt and equity instruments issued by a Company 
are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity 
in accordance with the substance of the contractual 
arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability 
and an equity instrument.
  Equity instruments
  An equity instrument is any contract that evidences 
a residual interest in the assets of an entity after 
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments 
issued by a group entity are recognised at the proceeds 
received, net of direct issue costs.
  Financial liabilities
  All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost using the effective interest method or 
at FVTPL. Borrowings are intially recognised at fair 
value, net of transaction costs incurred.
  Financial liabilities that are not held-for-trading and 
are not designated as at FVTPL are measured at 
amortised cost at the end of subsequent accounting 
periods. The carrying amounts of financial liabilities 
that are subsequently measured at amortised cost are 
determined based on the effective interest method.
  Derecognition of financial liabilities
  The Company derecognises financial liabilities 
when, and only when, the Company’s obligations are 
discharged, cancelled or have expired. An exchange 
with a lender of debt instruments with substantially 
different terms is accounted for as an extinguishment 
of the original financial liability and the recognition 
of a new financial liability. A substantial modification 
of the terms of an existing financial liability (whether 
or not attributable to the financial difficulty of the 
debtor) is accounted for as an extinguishment of the 
original financial liability and the recognition of a 
new financial liability. The difference between the 
carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised 
and the consideration paid including any non-cash 
assets transferred or liabilities assumed, and payable 
is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
  Offsetting financial instruments
  Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net 
amount is reported in the Balance Sheet where there 
is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised 
amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net 
basis or realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must 
not be contingent on future events and must be 
enforceable in the normal course of business and in 
the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the 
Company or the counterparty.
  Financial guarantee contracts
  Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Company 
are those contracts that require a payment to be made 
to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because 
the specified debtor fails to make a payment when 
due in accordance with the original or modified terms 
of a debt instrument, financial guarantee contracts 
are recognised initially as a financial liability at 
fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. 
Subsequently, the liability is measured at the higher 
of the amount of loss allowance determined as 
per impairment requirements of Ind AS 109 and 
the amount recognised less cumulative amount 
amortisation where appropriate.
  The Fair value of financial guarantees is determined 
based on the present value of the difference in cash 
flows between the contractual payments required 
under the debt instrument and the payments that would 
===== [PAGE 65 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
60
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
be required without the guarantee, or the estimated 
amount that would be payable to a third party for 
assuming the obligation.
  viii)  Inventories
  Inventories are valued at the lower of the acquisition 
/ production cost and net realisable value. Costs of 
inventories are determined on weighted average basis. 
Raw materials and stores, work in progress, traded and 
finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net 
realisable value. Cost of raw materials, consumables 
spares and traded goods comprises cost of purchases 
and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories 
to their present location and condition. Cost of work-
in-progress and finished goods comprises direct 
materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion 
of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter 
being allocated on the basis of normal operating 
capacity. Cost of inventories also include all other 
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their 
present location and condition.
  ix)  Earnings per share
  Basic Earnings per share are calculated by dividing the 
net profit / (loss) after tax for the year attributable to 
equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during 
the year.
  Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in 
the determination of basic earnings per share to take 
into account
   •  the after income tax effect of interest and 
other financing costs associated with dilutive 
potential equity shares, and
   •  the weighted average number of additional 
equity shares that would have been outstanding 
assuming the conversion of all dilutive 
potential equity shares.
  x)  Employee Benefits
   a)  Short-term employee benefits
   Liabilities for wages and salaries, including 
non-monetary benefits that are expected to 
be settled wholly within 12 months after the 
end of the period in which the employees 
render the related service are recognised in 
respect of employees’ services up to the end 
of the reporting period and are measured at 
the undiscounted amounts expected to be paid 
when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities 
are presented as current employee benefit 
obligations in the Balance Sheet.
   b)  Other long-term employee benefits
   The liabilities for earned leave are not expected 
to be settled wholly within 12 months after 
the end of the period in which the employees 
render the related service. They are therefore 
measured as the present value of expected future 
payments to be made in respect of services 
provided by employees up to the end of the 
reporting period using the projected unit credit 
method. The benefits are discounted using the 
market yields at the end of the reporting period 
that have terms approximating to the terms of 
the related obligation. Remeasurements as a 
result of experience adjustments and changes 
in actuarial assumptions are recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
   The obligations are presented as current 
liabilities in the Balance Sheet if the entity 
does not have an unconditional right to defer 
settlement for at least twelve months after the 
reporting period, regardless of when the actual 
settlement is expected to occur.
   c)  Post-employment obligations
   The Company operates the following post-
employment schemes:
   - Defined Contribution plans such as 
employee state insurance scheme.
   - Defined Benefit plans such as gratuity.
   Defined Contribution Plans 
   The Company’s contribution to pension 
and employee state insurance scheme are 
considered as defined contribution plans, 
as the Company does not carry any further 
obligations apart from the contributions made 
on a monthly basis and are charged as an 
expense based on the amount of contribution 
required to be made. 
   The Company’s liability towards gratuity, 
which is a defined benefit plan, is determined 
on the basis of valuations, as at Balance Sheet 
date, carried out by an independent actuary 
using Projected Unit Credit Method. The 
present value of the defined benefit obligation is 
determined by discounting the estimated future 
cash outflows by reference to market yields at 
the end of the reporting period on government 
bonds that have terms approximating to the 
terms of the related obligation.
   The net interest cost is calculated by applying 
the discount rate to the net balance of the 
defined benefit obligation and the fair value of 
plan assets. This cost is included in employee 
benefit expense in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss.
   Remeasurement gains and losses arising 
from experience adjustments and changes in 
===== [PAGE 66 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
61
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
actuarial assumptions are recognised in the 
period in which they occur, directly in other 
comprehensive income. They are included in 
retained earnings in the Statement of Changes 
in Equity and in the Balance Sheet.
   Changes in the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation resulting from plan 
amendments or curtailments are recognised 
immediately in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss as past service cost.
   The eligible employees of the Company are 
entitled to receive post-employment benefits 
in respect of provident fund, in which both the 
employees and the Company make monthly 
contributions at a specified percentage as 
applicable of the employees’ eligible salary. 
The contributions are made to the Employees 
provident fund department.
   d)  A liability for a termination benefit is 
recognised at the earlier of when the entity can 
no longer withdraw the offer of the termination 
benefit and when the entity recognises any 
related restructuring costs.
  xi)  Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
  Provisions are recognised when the Company has a 
present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result 
of a past event, it is probable that the Company will 
be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
  The amount recognised as a provision is the best 
estimate of the consideration required to settle the 
present obligation at the end of the reporting period, 
taking into account the risks and uncertainties 
surrounding the obligation. When a provision is 
measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the 
present obligation, its carrying amount is the present 
value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time 
value of money is material).
  When some or all of the economic benefits required to 
settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a 
third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is 
virtually certain that reimbursement will be received 
and the amount of the receivable can be measured 
reliably.
  Onerous Contracts
  Present obligations arising under onerous contracts are 
recognised and measured as provisions. An onerous 
contract is considered to exist where the Company 
has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of 
meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the 
economic benefits expected to be received from the 
contract. 
  Contingent liability is disclosed for (i) Possible 
obligations that arises from past events and whose 
existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events 
not wholly within the control of the Company or (ii) 
Present obligations arising from past events where it 
is not probable that an outflow of resources will be 
required to settle the obligation or a reliable estimate 
of the amount of the obligation cannot be made, unless 
the possibility of outflows of resources embodying 
economic benefits are remote.
  xii)  Revenue recognition
  Revenue towards satisfaction of a performance 
obligation is measured at the amount of transaction 
price (net of variable consideration) allocated to that 
performance obligation.
  The Company applies the five-step approach for 
recognition of revenue:-
  •  Identification of contract(s) with customers;
  • Identification of the separate performance 
obligations in the contract;
  •  Determination of transaction price;
  •  Allocation of transaction price to the separate 
performance obligations; and
  •  Recognition of revenue when (or as) each 
performance obligation is satisfied.
   1  Sale of goods:
   Further recognition is done when the amount 
of revenue can be measured reliably and it is 
probable that the economic benefits associated 
with the transaction will flow to the entity.
   The transaction price of goods sold and services 
rendered is net of variable consideration on 
account of various discounts and schemes 
offered by the Company as part of the contract.
   A receivable is recognised when the goods 
are delivered as this is the point in time that 
the consideration is unconditional because 
only the passage of time is required before the 
payment is due.
   At contract inception, since for most of the 
contracts it is expected that the period between 
the transfer of the promised goods or services 
to a customer and payment for these goods or 
services by the customer will be one year or 
less, practical expedient in IND AS 115 have 
been applied and accordingly:
   a) The Company does not adjust the 
promised amount of consideration for 
the effects of a significant financing 
component
===== [PAGE 67 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
62
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
   b) The Company recognises the 
incremental costs of obtaining a 
contract as an expense when incurred 
   c) No information on remaining 
performance obligations as of the year 
end that have an expected original term 
of one year or less was reported.
   A contract liability is the Company’s obligation 
to transfer goods or services to a customer, 
for which the Company has already received 
consideration from customers.
   2  Sale of Services:
   Income from other services is recognised as 
and when the services are performed as per the 
terms of agreement with the respective parties.
   3  Interest and Dividend Income:
   Interest income from a financial asset is 
recognised when it is probable that the 
economic benefits will flow to the Company 
and the amount of income can be measured 
reliably. Interest income is accrued on a time 
basis, by reference to the amortised cost and at 
the effective interest rate applicable.
   Dividend income from investments is 
recognised when the shareholder’s right 
to receive payment has been established 
(provided that it is probable that the economic 
benefits will flow to the Company and the 
amount of income can be measured reliably).
   4  Export Incentives:
   Income from export incentives is recognised 
on accrual basis to the extent the ultimate 
realisation is reasonably certain.
  xiii)  Foreign currency transactions and balances
  In preparing the financial statements of the Company, 
transactions in currencies other than the Company’s 
functional currency viz. Indian Rupee are recognised 
at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the 
transactions. At the end of each reporting period, 
monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are 
retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date.
  Exchange differences on monetary items are 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the 
period in which they arise.
  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms 
of historical costs in a foreign currency are not 
retranslated.
  xiv)  Lease accounting
  As a lessee:
  Leases are recognized as a right-of-use asset and a 
corresponding liability at the date at which the leased 
asset is available for use by the Company. Contracts 
may contain both lease and non lease components. 
The Company allocates the consideration in the 
contracts to the lease and non-lease components based 
on their relative standalone prices. However, the 
Company has elected not to separate lease and non-
lease components and instead account for these as a 
single lease components.
  Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially 
measured on present value basis. Lease liabilities 
include the net present value of the following lease 
payments:
  - fixed payments (including in substances fixed 
payments), less any lease incentive receivable
  - variable lease payments that depend on an 
index or a rate,initially measured using the 
index or rate as at the commencement date;
  - any residual value guarantees provided to 
the lessor by the lessee, a party related to the 
lessee or a third party unrelated to the lessor 
that is financially capable of discharging the 
obligations under the guarantee;
  - the exercise price of the purchase option if the 
Company is reasonably certain to exercise that 
option, and
  - payments of penalties for terminating the 
lease, if the lease term reflects the Company 
exercising that option
  Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain 
extension option are also included in the measurement 
of the liability. The lease payments are discounted 
using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate, being 
the rate that lessee would have to pay to borrow the 
fund necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the 
right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment 
with similar term, security and conditions.
  To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the 
Company:
  - where possible, uses recent third party 
financing received by the lessee as a starting 
point, adjusted to reflects changes in financing 
condition since third party financing received
  - use a build-up approach that starts with the 
risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk 
for leases, which does not have recent third 
party financing, and
===== [PAGE 68 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
63
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
  - make adjustments specific to the leases, e.g. 
term, security, currency etc.
  The Company is exposed to potential future increases 
in variable lease payments based on index or rate, 
which are not included in the lease liability until 
they take effect. When adjustment to lease payments 
based on index or rate take effect, the lease liability is 
reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.
  Lease payments are allocated between principal and 
finance cost. Finance cost is charged to Statement of 
Profit and Loss over the lease period so as to produce 
a constant periodical rate of interest on the remaining 
balance of the liability for each period.
  Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising 
the following:
  - the amount of initial measurement of lease 
liability
  - any lease payments made at or before the 
commencement date less any lease incentives 
received
  - any initial direct costs, and
  - restoration costs
  Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the 
shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on 
a straight line basis. If the Company is reasonably 
certain to exercise purchase option, the right-of-use 
asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful 
life.
  Payments associated with short-term leases of 
equipment and all leases of low-value assets are 
recognized on a straight-line basis in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss. Short term leases are leases with a 
lease term of 12 months or less.
  As a lessor:
  Lease income from operating leases where the 
Company is a lessor is recognized in income on a 
straight line basis over the lease term. Initial direct 
costs incurred in obtaining an operating leases are 
added to the carrying amount of the underlying 
asset and recognized as expense over the lease term 
on the same basis as lease income. The respective 
leased assets are included in the balance sheet based 
on their nature. The Company did not need to make 
any adjustments to the accounting for assets held as a 
lessor as a result of adopting the new leasing standard.
  xv)  Taxes on Income
  Tax expense for the year, comprising current tax and 
deferred tax, are included in the determination of the 
net profit or loss for the year. Current tax is measured 
at the amount expected to be paid to the tax authorities 
in accordance with the Income Tax Act, 1961.
  Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
in the financial statements and the corresponding 
tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. 
Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for 
all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets 
are generally recognised for all deductible temporary 
differences to the extent that it is probable that 
taxable profits will be available against which those 
deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such 
deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised 
if the temporary difference arises from the initial 
recognition (other than in a business combination) 
of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects 
neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. 
In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised 
if the temporary difference arises from the initial 
recognition of goodwill.
  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed 
at the end of each reporting period and reduced to 
the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient 
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of 
the asset to be recovered.
  Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the 
tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in 
which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based 
on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted 
or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting 
period.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when 
there is a legally enforceable right to offset current 
tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax 
balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current 
tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity 
has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends 
either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and 
settle the liability simultaneously.
  Current and deferred tax are recognised in the 
Statment of Profit and Loss, except when they relate 
to items that are recognised in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, in which case, the 
current and deferred tax are also recognised in 
other comprehensive income or directly in equity 
respectively. The Company recognises Minimum 
Alternate Tax credit under the Income Tax Act, 
1961 as an asset only when and to the extent there is 
convincing evidence that the Company will be liable 
to pay normal income tax during the specified period.
  xvi)  Borrowing Costs
  Borrowing costs that are attributable to the acquisition 
or construction of qualifying assets, which are assets 
that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to 
get ready for its intended use or sale, are added to the 
cost of those assets; until such time as the assets are 
substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
===== [PAGE 69 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
64
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
  Interest income earned on the temporary investment 
of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on 
qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs 
eligible for capitalisation.
  All other borrowing costs are recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which 
they are incurred.
  xvii)  Segment Reporting
  An operating segment is a component of the Company 
that engages in business activities from which it may 
earn revenue and incur expenses, whose operating 
results are regularly reviewed by the Company’s 
chief operating decision maker in order to effectively 
allocate the Company’s resources and assess 
performance.
  xviii)  Non-current assets held for sale
  Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified 
as held for sale if their carrying amount will be 
recovered principally through a sale transaction 
rather than through continuing use. This condition 
is regarded as met only when the asset (or disposal 
group) is available for immediate sale in its present 
condition subject only to terms that are usual and 
customary for sales of such asset (or disposal group) 
and its sale is highly probable. Management must be 
committed to the sale, which should be expected to 
qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one 
year from the date of classification.
  Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified 
as held for sale are measured at the lower of their 
carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.
  Non-current assets are not depreciated or amortised 
while they are classified as held for sale.
  xix)  Cash and cash equivalents
  For the purpose of presentation in the Statement of 
Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash 
on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, 
other short-term, highly liquid investments with 
original maturities of three months or less that are 
readily convertible to known amounts of cash and 
which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in 
value, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown 
within borrowings in current liabilities in the Balance 
Sheet.
  xx)  Dividend
  Provision is made for the amount of any dividend 
declared, being appropriately authorised and no 
longer at the discretion of the entity, on or before the 
end of the reporting period but not distributed at the 
end of the reporting period.
  xxi)  Exceptional Items
  Exceptional items reflect items which individually 
or, if of a similar type, in aggregate, are disclosed 
separately due to their size or incidence in order 
to obtain clear and consistent presentation of the 
Company’s performance.
2B. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY 
SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
 In the application of the material accounting policies, which 
are described in note 2, the directors of the Company are 
required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions 
about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are 
not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and 
associated assumptions are based on historical experience 
and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual 
results may differ from these estimates.
 The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed 
on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if 
the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the 
revision and future periods if the revision affects both current 
and future periods.
  (a)  Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
  The following are the critical judgements, apart 
from those involving estimations that the directors 
have made in the process of applying the accounting 
policies and that have the most significant effect on 
the amounts recognised in the financial statements.
  (b)   Key sources of estimation uncertainty
   i) Contingent Liabilities and Provisions :
   Contingent Liabilities and Provisions are 
liabilities of uncertain timing or amount and 
therefore in making a reliable estimate of the 
quantum and timing of liabilities judgement is 
applied and re-evaluated at each reporting date.
   ii)  Useful life and residual value of Property, 
Plant and Equipment :
   As described in Note 2A(iii), the Company 
reviews the estimated useful life and residual 
values of property, plant and equipment at each 
reporting date.
   iii)  Impairment
   Determining whether an asset is impaired 
requires as estimation of fair value/value in 
use. Such valuation requires the Company to 
estimate the future cash flows expected to arise 
from the cash-generating unit and a suitable 
discount rate in order to calculate present 
value. Where the actual future cash flows are 
===== [PAGE 70 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
65
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
less than expected, a material impairment loss 
may arise.
  iv)   Impairment of Trade Receivables
  The impairment provisions for trade receivables 
are based on assumptions about risk of default and 
expected loss rates. The Company uses judgement in 
making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to 
the impairment calculation, based on the Company’s 
past history, existing market conditions as well as 
forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting 
period.
  v)   Impairment/ Obsolence of Invetory
  The impairement/obsolence provisions of inventory 
are based on assumptions of its consumption/usage 
in near future whether short term of long term. 
The Company uses its judgement in making these 
assumptions and selecting the inputs based on the past 
historical data, present and future market condition 
estimated at the end of each reporting period.
  vi)   Defined Benefit Obligations
  The present value of defined benefit obligations is 
determined by discounting the estimated future cash 
outflows by reference to market yields at the end of 
reporting period that have terms approximating to the 
terms of the related obligation.
  vii)   Deferred Tax Asset
  Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all 
deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is 
probable that taxable profits will be available against 
which those deductible temporary differences can be 
utilised. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets 
is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and 
reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that 
sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all 
or part of the asset to be recovered. The Company 
recognises Minimum Alternate Tax credit under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961 as an asset only when and to the 
extent there is convincing evidence that the Company 
will be liable to pay normal income tax during the 
specified period.
2C. ADOPTION OF NEW AND AMENDED INDIAN 
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
  i)   New amendments issued but not effective
  Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standards or amendments to the existing standards 
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules as issued from time to time. For the year ended 
March 31, 2025, MCA has notified Ind AS - 117 
Insurance Contracts and amendments to Ind AS 116 
- Leases, relating to sale and leaseback transactions, 
applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2024. The company has 
reviewed the new pronouncements and based on its 
evaluation has determined that it does not have any 
significant impact in its financial statements.
===== [PAGE 71 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
66
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
3 Property, plant and equipment  (Own, unless otherwise stated): Current Year
` in Lakhs
Particulars
 Building 
and 
structures * 
 Vehicles 
 Data 
processing 
equipments 
(Computer 
Hardware) 
 Office 
equipments 
 
Furniture 
and 
fixtures 
Plant and 
machinery * 
 Data 
processing 
equipments 
Lease 
 Total 
Cost or Deemed cost
Balance at April 01, 2024  4,468.31  96.13  228.17  69.31  129.25  17,573.85  5.48 22,570.51 
Additions  3.00  -    13.88  11.71  2.68  2,580.93  -    2,612.20 
Disposal  -    7.95  3.80  0.50  -    652.59  -    664.84 
Reclassified as held for sale  -    -    -    -    -    1.11  -    1.11 
Balance at March 31, 2025  4,471.31  88.19  238.25  80.52  131.93  19,501.08  5.48 24,516.76 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
Balance at April 01, 2024  1,039.44  42.37  122.47  59.18  87.56  12,686.28  5.48 14,042.79 
Eliminated on disposals of assets  -    7.95  0.27  0.02  0.48  641.89  -    650.61 
Eliminated on reclassification as held for sale  -    -    -    -    -    1.11  -    1.11 
Depreciation expense  154.25  13.54  34.60  5.16  6.82  965.09  -    1,179.47 
Balance at March 31, 2025  1,193.69  47.97  156.80  64.33  93.90  13,008.37  5.48 14,570.54 
Carrying Amount
Balance at April 01, 2024  3,428.87  53.77  105.70  10.13  41.68  4,887.57  -     8,527.72 
Reclassified as held for sale  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Balance at March 31, 2025  3,277.62  40.22  81.45  16.19  38.03  6,492.70  -     9,946.22 
* Refer Note 13 & 37 for Assets pledged.
Property, plant and equipment  (Own, unless otherwise stated): Previous Year
Particulars
 Building 
and 
structures 
 
Vehicles 
 Data 
processing 
equipments 
(Computer 
Hardware) 
 Office 
equipments 
 Furniture 
and 
fixtures 
 Plant and 
machinery 
 Data 
processing 
equipments 
Leased 
 Total 
Cost or Deemed cost
Balance at April 01, 2023  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Transferred through Scheme of 
arrangement
 4,439.14  41.96  220.84  64.39  108.68 16,497.40  5.48 21,377.89 
Additions  29.17  54.17  8.32  8.89  20.57  1,095.32  -    1,216.45 
Disposal  -    -    0.99  3.97  -    18.87  -    23.83 
Balance at March 31, 2024  4,468.31  96.13  228.17  69.31  129.25 17,573.85  5.48 22,570.51 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
Balance at April 01, 2023  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Transferred through Scheme of 
arrangement
 885.68  38.91  85.89  60.40  81.64 11,823.23  5.48 12,981.24 
Eliminated on disposals of assets  -    -    0.80  3.97  -    18.87  -    23.64 
Depreciation expense  153.76  3.45  37.38  2.75  5.92  881.92  -    1,085.19 
Balance at March 31, 2024  1,039.44  42.37  122.47  59.18  87.56 12,686.28  5.48 14,042.79 
Carrying Amount
Balance at April 01, 2023  -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Balance at March 31, 2024  3,428.87  53.77  105.70  10.13  41.68  4,887.57  -    8,527.72 
===== [PAGE 72 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
67
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
3A Capital work-in-progress
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
April 01, 2024 Additions Amounts 
Capitalised
As at  
March 31, 2025
Capital work in progress  468.67  3,712.38  3,361.26  819.79 
Note: The transfer process of property at B-13,Waluj Industrial Area, Waluj, Aurangabad in the name of Forbes Precison Tools & Machine 
Parts Limited is completed. Stamp duty & premium charges ` 749.79 Lakhs have been paid and capitalised during the current year.
Previous year
Particulars As at  
April 01, 2023 Additions Amounts 
Capitalised
As at 
March 31, 2024
Capital work in progress  -    1,305.34  836.68  468.67 
Capital work-in-progress- Ageing
Current Year
Particulars Less than 
one year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 3 
years Total
Projects in progess  807.32  12.47  -    -    819.79 
Projects temporarily suspended  -    -    -    -    -   
Previous year
Particulars Less than one 
year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 3 
years Total
Projects in progess  468.67  -    -    -    468.67 
Projects temporarily suspended  -    -    -    -    -   
There are no material Capital work-in-progress whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan significantly.
3B Other intangible assets (Own, unless otherwise stated)
` in Lakhs
Particulars
As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
 Software/ 
Licences acquired 
 Software/ 
Licences acquired 
Cost or Deemed cost
Balance at April 01, 2024 / April 01, 2023  286.57  -   
Transferred through Scheme of arrangement  -    307.39 
Disposal  47.33  20.82 
Balance at March 31, 2025 / March 31, 2024  239.24  286.57 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
Balance at April 01, 2024 / April 01, 2023  225.28  -   
Transferred through Scheme of arrangement  -    209.90 
Disposals of assets  47.33  20.82 
Depreciation expense  21.49  36.19 
Balance at March 31, 2025 / March 31, 2024  199.43  225.28 
Carrying Amount
Balance at April 01, 2024 / April 01, 2023  61.30  -   
Balance at March 31, 2025 / March 31, 2024  39.81  61.30 
===== [PAGE 73 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
68
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
4. Investments
4A. Non Current Investments
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
Quoted Investments - -
Unquoted Investments
100 Shares in The Zoroastrian Co-op. Bank  0.03  -   
Total  0.03  -    
4B. Current Investments
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
Quoted Investments  -    -   
Unquoted Investments
HDFC Mutual Fund  911.38  -   
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund  1,079.78  -   
SBI Mutual Fund  2,404.70  -   
Total  4,395.86  -   
Aggregate amount of quoted investments  -    -   
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments  4,395.88  -   
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments  -    -   
5. Trade receivables
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
Trade receivables 
a) Trade receivables from contract with customers  3,502.33  2,821.48 
b) Trade receivables from contract with customers – Related parties (Ref Note 30)  1.56  330.38 
c) Less: Loss allowance  199.91  207.47 
Total  3,303.98  2,944.40 
Break-up of security details
a) Secured, considered good  139.82  72.03 
b) Unsecured, considered good  3,164.16  2,872.37 
c) Doubtful  199.91  207.47 
 3,503.89  3,151.86 
Less: Allowance for doubtful debts (expected credit loss allowance)  199.91  207.47 
Total  3,303.98  2,944.40 
For Trade receivable from Related parties (Refer Note 30)
The average credit period on sales is approximately 49 days.  
There was a customer namely TTI Partners SPC acting for whose outstanding is ` 336.23 Lakhs (other than Intercompany balances) who 
represents more than 5% of the total balance of trade receivables.
===== [PAGE 74 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
69
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
Ageing of Trade receivables for the year ended 31st March, 2025
` in Lakhs
Particular  Not due 
Outstanding for the following periods from the due date
Less than 
6 months
6 months - 
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
Undisputed trade receivables
Considered good  3,003.60  296.71  3.67  -    -    -    3,303.98 
which have significant increase in credit risk  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
credit impaired  -    -    27.44  0.22  31.80  59.46 
Disputed trade receivables
Considered good  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
which have significant increase in credit risk  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
credit impaired  -    -    -    -    -    140.45  140.45 
Total  3,003.60  296.71  3.67  27.44  0.22  172.25  3,503.89 
Less: Allowance for losses  -   -   -   -   -   -   199.91 
Total  3,003.60  296.71  3.67  27.44  0.22  172.25  3,303.98 
Ageing of Trade receivables for the year ended 31st March, 2024
` in Lakhs
Particular  Not due 
Outstanding for the following periods from the due date
Less than 
6 months
6 months - 
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
Undisputed trade receivables
Considered good  2,531.46  412.94  -    -    -    -    2,944.40 
which have significant increase in credit risk  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
credit impaired  -    12.14  8.80  5.78  9.49  30.81  67.02 
Disputed trade receivables
Considered good  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
which have significant increase in credit risk  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
credit impaired  -    -    -    -    -    140.45  140.45 
Total  2,531.46  425.08  8.80  5.78  9.49  171.26  3,151.86 
Less: Allowance for losses - - - - - -  207.47 
Total  2,531.46  425.08  8.80  5.78  9.49  171.26  2,944.40 
Movement in the allowance for doubtful debts 
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Opening balance  207.47  -   
Impairment losses recognised on receivables  15.79  21.60 
Impairment losses included as part of scheme of arrangement  -    258.80 
Amounts written off during the year as uncollectible  (4.22)  (39.58)
Amounts recovered during the year  (19.12)  (33.35)
Balance at end of the year  199.91  207.47 
In determining the recoverability of a trade receivable, the Company considers any change in the credit quality of the trade receivable from 
the date credit was initially granted up to the end of the reporting period. The concentration of credit risk is limited due to the fact that the 
customer base is large and unrelated.
Trade receivables of ` 199.91 Lakhs were impaired.  The individually impaired receivables were mainly due to unexpected difficult economic 
situations.
===== [PAGE 75 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
70
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
6. Loans -Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
a) Loans and advances to employees
- Unsecured, considered good  0.03  3.26 
Total  0.03  3.26 
7.  Other financial assets
7A. Non current 
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
a) Security deposits
- Unsecured, considered good  115.20  94.53 
Total  115.20  94.53 
7B. Current 
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
a) Contractually reimbursable expenses from related parties
- Receivable due to Scheme of Arrangement (Ref Note 39)  -    881.93 
- Receivable from Related Parties  -    255.90 
Total  -     1,137.83 
8.  Inventories
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Inventories (lower of cost and net realisable value)
Raw materials including packing materials.: Includes Goods in Transit `145.28 Lakhs (Previous 
Year: ` 3.33  Lakhs)
 738.71  920.50 
Work-in-progress  693.91  1,130.71 
Finished goods  1,541.74  1,608.90 
Stores and spares: Includes Goods in Transit ` 9.88 Lakhs (Previous Year: ` Nil)  218.71  186.76 
Total  3,193.07  3,846.87 
===== [PAGE 76 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
71
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
9.  Cash and cash equivalents
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Balances with Banks 
a) In Current Accounts  574.88  1,595.63 
b) In EEFC Account  173.35  -   
Total  748.23  1,595.63 
10.  Other assets
10A.  Non Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
a) Capital Advances  31.11  278.56 
b) Prepaid expenses  18.52  18.13 
c) Balances with Government authorities
- Doubtful  -    39.29 
Less : Allowance for doubtful balances  -    39.29 
Total  49.63  296.69 
10B. Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
a) Advances for supply of goods and services
- Unsecured, considered good  21.77  24.59 
- Doubtful  3.53  0.33 
Less : Allowance for doubtful advances  3.53  0.33 
 21.77  24.59 
b) Advance to HDFC Life - Leave Encashment  156.65  -   
c) Provision for Gratuity/Provision for Gratuity Fund with LIC  45.00  -   
d) Prepaid expenses  96.65  40.05 
e) Balances with government authorities  10.76  (0.00)
f) Export incentives receivables  17.84  23.60 
Total  348.67  88.25 
===== [PAGE 77 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
72
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
11.  Equity share capital
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Authorised Share capital :
7,80,00,000 fully paid equity shares of ` 10 each (7,80,00,000 fully paid equity shares of  ` 10 each)  7,800.00  7,800.00 
 7,800.00  7,800.00 
Issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital:
5,15,94,464 fully paid equity shares of ` 10 each (5,15,94,464 fully paid equity shares of ` 10 each) 
(Ref. Note 39)
 5,159.45  5,159.45 
 5,159.45  5,159.45 
Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity shares having a par value of ` 10 per share.  Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share.  In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining 
assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares 
held by the shareholders.
The Board of Directors has declared an interim dividend of ` 5/- per equity share of the face value of ` 10/- each (50%) for the financial  
year 2025-26. In accordance with Regulation 42 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,  
the Board has fixed Friday, May 2, 2025, as the ‘Record Date’ to determine the shareholders eligible to receive the interim dividend.
1 Details of shares held by the holding company, its subsidiaries and associates
Particulars
Fully paid Equity shares
As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited, the holding company  37,437,172  37,437,172 
Forbes Campbell Finance Limited  665,592  -   
Total  38,102,764  37,437,172 
2 Details of shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares
Particulars
 As at  
March 31, 
2025 
 As at  
March 31, 
2025
 As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2024 % Change in 
Holdling
Number of 
shares held 
% holding in 
the class of 
shares
Number of 
shares held 
% holding in 
the class of 
shares
Fully paid equity shares
Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited  37,437,172  72.56  37,437,172  72.56  -   
Antara India Evergreen Fund Ltd  4,650,000  9.01  -    -    100 
India Discovery Fund Limited  -    -    4,593,020  8.90  100 
Total  42,087,172  81.57  42,030,192  81.46 
===== [PAGE 78 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
73
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
3 Details of shareholding of promoters
Name of the promoter
 As at  
March 31, 
2025 
 As at  
March 31, 
2025
 As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2024 % Change in 
Holdling
Number of 
shares held 
% holding in 
the class of 
shares
Number of 
shares held 
% holding in 
the class of 
shares
Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited  37,437,172  72.56  37,437,172  72.56  -   
Forbes Campbell Finance Limited  665,592  1.29  665,592  1.29  -   
Total  38,102,764  73.85  38,102,764  73.85 
4 The Company has not alloted any equity shares for consideration other than cash, bonus shares, nor have any shares been bought back 
during the period of five years immediately preceding the Balance Sheet date.       
12. Other equity
` in Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024
a) Reserves and surplus
Retained earnings 
Balance at beginning of the year  12,479.84  (1.18)
Impact due to Scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 39)  -    9,744.35 
Deferred Tax liability   -    (234.44)
Profit for the year  2,874.57  2,971.11 
Balance at end of the year  15,354.41  12,479.84 
b) Capital Reserve
Balance at beginning of the year  (3,864.58)  -   
Impact due to Scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 39)  -    (3,864.58)
Balance at end of the year  (3,864.58)  (3,864.58)
c) Other Comprehensive Income
Balance at beginning of year  0.62  -   
Impact due to Scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 39)  -    (5.67)
Add: Current year OCI  (25.65)  6.29 
Balance at end of the year  (25.03)  0.62 
Total  11,464.80  8,615.88 
Description of Reserves
Retained earnings -  Retained earnings represent the amount of accumulated earnings of the Company
Other Comprehensive income: Other comprehensive income comprises items of income and expense (including reclassification adjustments) 
that are not recognised in profit or loss as required or permitted by other Ind AS.
Capital Reserve: The diffrerence between Paid up share capital of Forbes & Company Limited and Paid up share capital issued by the 
company in terms of scheme of arrangement is considered as negative capital reserve.
===== [PAGE 79 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
74
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
13. Non-current Borrowings
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Non-current Current maturities
As at 
March 31, 
2025
As at 
March 31, 
2024
As at 
March 31, 
2025
As at 
March 31, 
2024
(a) Term loans 
From banks
i) DCB Bank Limited Term Loan - under the Central 
Government launched Emergency Credit Line Guarantee 
Scheme 2.0 (ECLGS 2.0) - Secured by second charge on 
leasehold land and factory building together with Plant & 
Machinery and other support facilities situated at Waluj, 
MIDC, Aurangabad. (Ref. Note 37)
[Repayable in 48 equated monthly installments, after 
moratorium of 12 months. First installment was due on 4 th 
April, 2022 and last installment is due on 4th March, 2026. Rate 
of interest is MCLR + 0.81% spread with a cap of 9.25% p.a. 
during entire tenure of the loan.
 -    294.15  294.26  248.25 
ii) Zoroastrian Bank Term Loan - Secured by an exclusive 
charge by way of hypothecation of certain Plant & Machinery 
of the Company. (Ref. Note 37)
[Repayable in 48 monthly installments after a moratorium 
period of 12 months. First installment is due in January 2026 
and last installment is due in December, 2029. Rate of interest 
is 9.50% p.a.]
 1,397.87  -    77.13  -   
iii) Zoroastrian Bank Term Loan - Secured by an exclusive 
charge by way of hypothecation of Rooftap/grount mounted 
Solar unit of the Company. (Ref. Note 37)
[Repayable in 24 monthly installments. First installment was 
due on January 2025 and last installment is due in December, 
2026. Rate of interest is 9.25% p.a.]
 89.27  -    109.77  -   
Less: Amount disclosed under “Current Borrowings”  -    -    (481.15)  (248.25)
Total  1,487.14  294.15  -    -   
14. Other financial liabilities
14A.  Non Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Security deposits  126.19  95.15 
Total  126.19  95.15 
14B. Current 
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
a) Interest accrued but not due on borrowings  9.85  3.56 
b) Others :-
- Payables on purchase of fixed assets  1,060.32  452.79 
- Security deposits  3.51  28.49 
- Other Payables to Related parties  4.92  53.38 
Total  1,078.60  538.22 
===== [PAGE 80 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
75
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
15. Provisions
15A.  Non current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
a) Employee benefits
Compensated absences  -    122.52 
Gratuity (Ref Note 31)  -    435.04 
Total  -     557.56 
15B.  Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
a) Employee benefits
 Compensated absences  -    56.28 
 Gratuity (Ref Note 31)  -    72.95 
Total  -     129.23 
16.  Deferred tax balances
The following is the analysis of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) presented in the Balance Sheet: 
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Deferred tax liabilities  471.45  236.77 
Net  471.45  236.77 
Current Year
Particulars  Opening balance 
 Recognised in 
Statement of Profit 
and Loss 
 Recognised in Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
 Closing 
balance  
Deferred tax (liabilities)/assets in relation to:
a) Property, plant and equipment  (368.75)  (28.92)  -    (397.67)
b) Right of Use Assets  (86.35)  (169.20)  -    (255.55)
c) Lease Liability  85.89  (15.40)  -    70.49 
d) Allowances for doubtful debts and advances  62.19  (11.87)  -    50.32 
e) Provisions and liabilities to be allowed on 
payment basis
 51.59  (10.62)  8.63  49.60 
f) Stamp duty/ROC fees  15.16  (3.79)  -    11.37 
g) Disallowance u/s 40(a)(ia)  3.50  (3.51)  -    (0.01)
Total  (236.77)  (243.31)  8.63  (471.45)
===== [PAGE 81 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
76
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
Previous Year
Particulars  Opening 
balance 
Transferred  
pursuent to Scheme 
of Arrangement  
(Ref Note 39)
 Recognised in 
Statement of 
Profit and Loss 
 Recognised 
in Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
 Closing 
balance 
Deferred tax (liabilities)/assets in relation to:
a) Property, plant and equipment  -    (378.89)  10.15  -    (368.75)
b) Right of Use Assets  -    (9.33)  (77.02)  -    (86.35)
c) Lease Liability  -    7.75  78.13  -    85.89 
d) Allowances for doubtful debts and advances  75.25  (13.06)  -    62.19 
e) Provisions and liabilities to be allowed on 
payment basis
 -    70.78  (17.07)  (2.12)  51.59 
f) Stamp duty/ROC fees  -    15.16  -    15.16 
g) Disallowance u/s 40(a)(ia)  -    3.50  -    3.50 
Total  -    (234.44)  (0.21)  (2.12)  (236.77)
17.  Other liabilities
Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
a) Advances from customers  43.91  30.42 
b) Statutory remittances  231.37  133.56 
c) Others
- Payable to Employees  885.28  696.35 
- Others  4.10  2.29 
Total  1,164.66  862.61 
18.  Borrowings
Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Current maturities of long term borrowings (Ref. Note 13)  481.15  248.25 
Total  481.15  248.25 
19.  Trade payables
Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Micro and small enterprises  741.30  782.35 
Others   1,600.29  1,387.07 
 Total  2,341.59  2,169.43 
===== [PAGE 82 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
77
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
Trade Payable as on 31st March 2025
` in Lakhs
Particulars  Not due 
Outstanding for the following periods from the due date
Less Than  
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
Undisputed trade payables
Micro enterprises and small enterprises  741.30  -    -    -    -    741.30 
Others  1,484.24  105.95  10.10  -    -    1,600.29 
Disputed trade payables
Micro enterprises and small enterprises - - - - -  -   
Others - - - - -  -   
Total  2,225.54  105.95  10.10  -     -     2,341.59 
Trade Payable as on 31st March 2024
Particulars  Not due 
Outstanding for the following periods from the due date
Less Than  
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years Total
Undisputed trade payables
Micro enterprises and small enterprises  782.35  -    -    -    782.35 
Others  1,329.13  57.94  -    -    -    1,387.07 
Disputed trade payables
Micro enterprises and small enterprises - - - - - -
Others - - - - -  -   
Total  2,111.49  57.94  -    -    -    2,169.43 
The information as required under Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, has been determined to the extent such 
parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Company and relied upon by Auditors, is as follows:-
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of year  741.30  782.35 
Interest paid in terms of section 16 of MSMED Act, along with the amount of the payment made 
beyond the appointed day during the year
 (89.05)  (87.69)
Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which have been paid but 
beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest specified under the 
MSMED Act
 0.00  25.31 
Interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of year  17.60  106.65 
Interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until such date when the interest 
dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance as a 
deductible expenditure under section 23 of MSMED Act
 -    -   
===== [PAGE 83 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
78
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
20.  Income tax assets and liabilities
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Tax assets
Taxes paid (including tax deducted at source / self assessment tax)  1,026.64  851.41 
 1,026.64  851.41 
Tax liabilities
Income tax payable (net)  947.46  1,011.71 
 947.46  1,011.71 
Net Asset  79.18  (160.30)
Movement during the year
Balance at the beginning of the year  (160.30)  -   
Add: Taxes paid (including tax deducted at source / self assessment tax)  1,186.94  851.41 
Less: Current tax payable for the year  (947.46)  (1,011.71)
Balance at the year end  79.18  (160.30)
21. Revenue from operations
The following is an analysis of the Company’s revenue for the year from continuing operations.
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
 a) Sales
Sale of products
i) Finished Goods  22,818.04  22,351.66 
ii) Traded Good  155.60  231.15 
 22,973.64  22,582.81 
Sale of services
i) Service income  64.40  78.66 
 64.40  78.66 
 b)  Other operating revenues 
i) Export incentives  106.53  105.75 
ii) Others (mainly includes scrap sales)  121.61  82.45 
 228.14  188.20 
Total (a+b)  23,266.17  22,849.66 
===== [PAGE 84 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
79
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
22. Other Income
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
a) Interest Income
Interest income earned on financial assets that are not designated as at fair value 
through profit or loss:
i)  Bank deposits  3.07  7.81 
ii)  Customers and others  13.67  9.16 
Total (a)  16.74  16.97 
b) Other Non-Operating Income
i) Rent income  76.01  -   
ii) Credit balances / excess provision written back  174.68  15.36 
iii) Gain on termination of lease (Ref Note 32)  -    3.78 
iv) Miscellaneous income  34.05  66.28 
Total (b)  284.74  85.41 
c) Other gains and losses
i) Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -    3.56 
ii) Gain on disposal of current investments  22.45  -   
iii) Unrealised gain/loss  113.41  -   
Total (c)  135.86  3.56 
Total (a + b + c)  437.34  105.94 
23. A.  Cost of materials consumed (raw and packing materials)
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Opening stock of raw materials including packing materials  920.50  470.57 
Purchases  7,264.63  8,499.98 
 8,185.13  8,970.55 
Less: Closing stock of raw materials including packing materials  738.71  920.50 
 7,446.42  8,050.05 
Consumption is arrived at on the basis of opening stock plus purchases less closing stock and includes the adjustments of excess and 
shortage as ascertained on physical count.
===== [PAGE 85 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
80
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
 B. Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade.
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
 a) Inventories at the end of the year:
  i) Finished goods  1,541.74  1,608.90 
  ii)  Work-in-progress  693.91  1,130.71 
 2,235.65  2,739.61 
 b) Inventories at the beginning of the year:
  i)  Finished goods  1,608.90  1,137.19 
  ii) Work-in-progress  1,130.71  1,028.67 
  iii)  Stock-in-trade  -    353.70 
 2,739.61  2,519.57 
Net increase (b)-(a)  503.96  (220.04)
24. Employee benefits expense
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
i) Salaries and Wages  3,850.81  3,594.49 
ii) Contribution to provident and other funds (Refer Note 31)  276.35  241.38 
iii) Staff Welfare Expenses  276.06  270.64 
Total  4,403.22  4,106.51 
25. Finance costs
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
(a) Interest costs :-
i) Interest on bank overdrafts and loans  74.43  76.93 
ii) Interest on loans from related parties  -    1.08 
iii) Interest expenses on lease liabilities  30.40  10.63 
iv) Delayed payment of taxes  7.95  0.59 
v) Other interest expense  0.00  25.31 
 112.79  114.55 
(b) Other borrowing costs  -    1.32 
Total  112.79  115.86 
===== [PAGE 86 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
81
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
26. Depreciation and amortisation expense
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
i) Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (Refer Note 3)  1,179.47  1,085.19 
ii) Depreciation Right-of-use assets (Ref Note 32)  149.08  23.21 
iii) Amortisation of intangible assets (Refer Note 3)  21.49  36.19 
Total  1,350.03  1,144.59 
27. Other expenses
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Consumption of stores and spare parts  791.35  810.36 
Processing charges  1,365.46  1,418.33 
Power and fuel  566.83  555.94 
Service charges  565.39  567.58 
Rent and hire charges  8.89  2.66 
Repairs and maintenance to :
i) Buildings  131.53  45.35 
ii)  Plant and machinery  429.75  371.82 
iii)  Others  238.42  226.76 
 799.70  643.93 
Insurance  45.52  44.27 
Rates and taxes  27.44  46.68 
Selling expenses, commission and brokerage  25.46  35.02 
Freight and outward charges  330.70  352.70 
Advertisement and sales promotion  237.16  195.49 
Printing and Stationery  43.48  39.59 
Communication  25.46  32.77 
Legal and professional charges  272.20  327.05 
Travelling and conveyance  264.60  240.50 
Trade receivables written off  4.61  39.35 
Less: Provision held  (4.61)  (39.35)
 -     -    
Advances written off  0.67  (0.00)
Provision for doubtful loans and advances  3.19  (0.57)
Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment (net)  6.18  -   
Corporate social responsibility expenditure (Refer Note 1 below)  39.78  -   
Net loss on Foreign currency transactions and translations  20.71  6.79 
Security Expenses  62.02  59.41 
Miscellaneous expenses  230.25  249.36 
===== [PAGE 87 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
82
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Auditors remuneration 
To Statutory Auditors
i) For audit  16.00  10.00 
ii) For other services & Certifications  9.00  5.00 
iii) For reimbursement of expenses  2.95  -   
 27.95  15.00 
To Cost auditors  2.62  4.01 
 30.56  19.01 
Total  5,767.60  5,646.88 
Note 1: Details of Corporate social responsibility expenditure:
As per Section 135 of the Act, a Company meeting the applicability threshold, needs to spend atleast 2% of its average net profit for the 
immediately preceding three financial years on CSR activities. The major areas for CSR activities are promoting education facilities. A CSR 
committee has been formed by the Company as per the Act.
Amount required to be spent as per section 135 of the Act.  39.78  -   
Amount spent during the year:
i) Constructions/ Acquisition of an asset  -    -   
ii) For the purposes other than (i) above  -    -   
Total  -     -    
Agreements entered for construction / acquisition of assets  -    -   
Contribution for activities promoting educational facilities  -    -   
Accrual towards unspent obligations in relation to ongoing projects  39.78  -   
Year
Balance as at 1st April, 2024 Amount Spent during the year  Balance as at 31st March, 2025 
With the 
Company
In Separate 
CSR unspent 
account
Amount 
required to be 
spent during 
the year
From the 
Company’s 
Bank Account
From 
Separate 
CSR unspent 
account
 With the 
Company 
 In Separate 
CSR unspent 
account 
2025  -    39.78  -    -    -    39.78 
2024  -    -    -    -    -    -   
` 39.78 Lakhs has been transferred to a separate CSR unspent account on 31st March, 2025.
Company has made CSR Expenses provision towards unspent obligations in relation to ongoing projects ` 39.78 Lakhs, which is planned to 
spend in next financial year.
27. Other expenses (Contd.)
===== [PAGE 88 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
83
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
28. Income taxes
Income tax recognised in profit or loss
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
For Continuing operations
Current tax
In respect of the current year  947.46  1,011.71 
(Excess) / short provision for tax of earlier years  22.25  -   
 969.71  1,011.71 
Deferred tax
In respect of the current year  243.31  0.21 
Deferred Tax Expenses in Other Comprehensive Income  (8.63)  2.12 
Deferred Tax  234.68  2.33 
Total income tax expense recognised in the current year relating to continuing Operations  1,204.39  1,014.04 
The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:
Profit before tax from total operations  4,087.59  3,983.03 
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans  (34.28)  8.41 
Income tax expense calculated at 25.168% (2023-24: 25.168%)  1,028.77  1,002.45 
Effect of expense that is non deductible in determining taxable profit  (10.69)  6.37 
Effect of tax incentives and concession  -    2.09 
Effects of Ind AS adjustments due to notional gains/ loss recognised during the year  192.78  -   
Effect of income that is exempt from taxation  (22.92)  -   
Changes in the estimate related to prior years  22.25  -   
Others  2.83  1.01 
Income tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  1,213.02  1,011.92 
Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income
Others
Deferred tax
Re-measurement of defined benefit obligation  (8.63)  2.12 
Total income tax expense recognised in other comprehensive income  (8.63)  2.12 
29. The calculation of profit attributable to equity shareholders and weighted average number of equity shares
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Profit / (loss) for the period attributable to the owners of company ` in Lakhs  2,874.57  2,971.11 
Face value per equity share  10.00  10.00 
Weighted average number of equity shares for the purpose of basic earning per share (Nos)  51,594,464  2,685,739 
Basic and diluted earnings per equity share  5.57  *110.63 
===== [PAGE 89 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
84
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
Basic Earning Per share
The earnings and weighted average number of equity shares used in the calculation of basic earning per share are as follows:
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Profit / (loss) for the period attributable to the owners of company ` in Lakhs  2,874.57  2,971.11 
Weighted average number of equity shares shares for the purpose of basic earning per share 
(Nos) (For Previous year Ref. Note 1)
 51,594,464  2,685,739 
* Note 1: As per the Scheme of Arrangement, FPTL issued and allotted four fully paid-up equity shares of ` 10/- each for every one fully 
paid-up equity share of ` 10/- each held by the equity shareholders of the Demerged Company (FCL) as on the Record Date. The issuance 
and allotment of equity shares took place on 13th March 2024. The total number of issued and allotted equity shares is 5,15,94,464, which has 
been diluted for a weighted average equity share of 26,85,739. As per IND AS 33, the weighted average of equity shares has been calculated 
from the acquisition date. Based on the above consideration, the EPS (earnings per share) is calculated to be ` 110.63 per share. However, if 
the appointed date, which is April 01, 2023, is considered as the acquisition date, then the EPS calculated is ` 5.76 per share.
30. Related Party Disclosures
(a)  Name of the Related Parties and Description of Relationship:
Nature of Relationship Name of Entity  (Where there are transactions)
A Holding Company Shapoorji Pallonji & Company Private Limited
B Fellow Subsidiaries (Where there are transactions) Forbes & Company Limited
Forbes Campbell Finance Ltd.
Campbell Properties & Hospitality Services Ltd.
Forvol International Services Ltd.
Sterling And Wilson Renewable Energy Ltd.
Forbes Macsa Pvt Ltd
B Key Managerial Person Mahesh Tahilyani Managing Director
Vikram Nagar Chief Financial Officer
Rupa Khanna Company Secretary
Marzin Roomi Shroff Non- Executive Non-Independent Director
Jai Mavani Non- Executive Non-Independent Director
Rani Jadhav Non- Executive Independent Director
Nikhil Bhatia Non- Executive Independent Director
D. Sivanandhan Non- Executive Independent Director
===== [PAGE 90 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
85
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
30. Related party disclosures (contd.) Current Year   ` in Lakhs
 A 
 Parties 
in A 
above 
 B  B  B  B  B  B  C 
 Parties 
in C 
above 
 Total 
 
Shapoorji 
Pallonji 
and 
Company 
Private 
Ltd. 
 Forbes & 
Company 
Limited 
 Forbes 
Campbell 
Finance 
Ltd. 
 Campbell 
Properties 
& 
Hospitality 
Services 
Ltd. 
 Forvol 
International 
Services Ltd. 
Sterling 
And 
Wilson 
Renewable 
Energy 
Ltd.
Forbes 
Macsa 
Pvt Ltd
 Parties 
in B 
above 
 Managing 
Director, 
Mr. Mahesh 
Tahilyani 
 Balances 
1 Trade Payables and Capital 
Creditors 
 25.46  25.46  95.78  -    1.32  2.46  5.33  -     104.89  -     -     130.35 
2 Trade Receivable  -    -     -    -    -    -    -     1.56  1.56  -     -     1.56 
 Purchases / Services 
3 Fixed Assets/ Goods & 
Materials 
 -    -     9.42  -    -    -    -     1.65  11.07  -     -     11.07 
 Sales 
4 Fixed Assets/ Goods & 
Materials 
 -    -     3.56  -    -    -    -     3.80  7.35  -     -     7.35 
 Expenses 
5 Rent   -    -     142.03  9.45  -    -    -     -     151.48  -     -     151.48 
6 Travelling and conveyance 
expenses 
 -    -     7.03  -    5.64  275.31  -     -     287.98  -     -     287.98 
7 Legal and professional 
charges 
 91.40  91.40  50.00  -    -    -    -     -     50.00  -     -     141.40 
8 Repairs and Maintenance  134.66  134.66  -    -    -    -    4.59  -     4.59  -     -     139.25 
9 Remuneration  -    -     -    -    -    -    -     -     -     265.52  265.52  265.52 
 Income 
10 Rent and amenities  -    -     68.13  -    -    -    -     17.41  85.54  -     -     85.54 
11 Interest Income  -    -     18.59  -    -    -    -     -     18.59  -     -     18.59 
 Other Receipts / Payments 
12 Other Reimbursements 
(Receipt) 
 -    -     2,161.08  -    -    -    -     -     
2,161.08 
 -     -     2,161.08 
13 Other Reimbursements 
(Payment) 
 -    -     667.07  -    -    -    -     -     667.07  -     -     667.07 
Terms and conditions:-
a) All outstanding balances are unsecured and are repayable as per terms of credit and settlement occurs in cash.
b) All related party transactions entered during the year were in ordinary course of business and on arms length basis.
c) The Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables related to amounts owed by related parties except as stated above.
===== [PAGE 91 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
86
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
 30. Related party disclosures (contd.) Previous year ` in Lakhs
 A 
 Parties in A 
above 
 B  B  B  B 
 Parties in B 
above  Total 
 Shapoorji 
Pallonji and 
Company 
Private Ltd. 
 Forbes & 
Company 
Limited 
 Forbes 
Campbell 
Finance Ltd. 
 Campbell 
Properties & 
Hospitality 
Services Ltd. 
 Forvol 
International 
Services Ltd. 
 Balances 
 1 Trade Payables and Capital Creditors  -    -    477.48  0.62  0.06  0.64  478.80  478.80 
 2 Trade Receivable  -    -    330.38  -    -    -    330.38  330.38 
 3 Receivable pursuent to the Scheme of arrangement  -    -    881.93  -    -    -    881.93  881.93 
 Purchases / Services 
 4 Fixed Assets/ Goods & Materials  -    -    437.59  -    -    -    437.59  437.59 
 Expenses 
 5 Rent   -    -    9.99  0.69  -    -    10.68  10.68 
 6 Travelling and conveyance expenses  -    -    -    -    0.05  1.37  1.42  1.42 
 7 Interest Paid  -    -    1.08  -    -    -    1.08  1.08 
 Other Receipts / Payments 
 8 Other Reimbursements (Receipt)  -    -    1,719.00  -    -    -    1,719.00  1,719.00 
 9 Other Reimbursements (Payment)  -    -    63.17  -    -    -    63.17  63.17 
 Finance 
 10 ICD taken  -    -    75.00  -    -    -    75.00  75.00 
 11 ICD Repayment  -    -    75.00  -    -    -    75.00  75.00 
Terms and conditions:-
a) All outstanding balances are unsecured and are repayable as per terms of credit and settlement occurs in cash.
b) All related party transactions entered during the year were in ordinary course of business and on arms length basis.
c) The Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables related to amounts owed by related parties except as stated above.
===== [PAGE 92 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
87
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
  Parties in C : 
 Key Managerial Personnel Remuneration 
 Particulars 
 For the year 
ended  Mar. 31, 
2025 
 For the year 
ended  Mar. 31, 
2024 
 Short-term employee benefits  329.03  -   
 Post-employment benefits *  14.06  -   
 Long-term employee benefits  18.25  -   
 361.34  -    
 * The above amounts do not include expenses for gratuity and leave encashment since acturial valuation is carried out at an overall 
level. Bonus is disclosed on payment basis.
 Directors Sitting Fees:
 Name 
 For the year 
ended  Mar. 31, 
2025 
 For the year 
ended  Mar. 31, 
2024 
 Marzin Roomi Shroff  3.00  -   
 D. Sivanandhan  5.00  -   
 Rani Jadhav  3.00  -   
 Nikhil Bhatia   5.00  -   
 Jai Mavani  2.50  -   
Total  18.50  -    
31. Employee Benefits :
 Brief description of the Plans:
 The Company has various schemes for long term employees benefits such as Provident Fund, Gratuity,  Employees State Insurance 
Fund (ESIC) and Employees’ Pension Scheme and Compensated absences.  The Company’s defined contribution plans are Employees 
State Insurance Fund,Provident Fund, and Employees’ Pension Scheme (under the provisions of the Employees’ Provident Funds and 
Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952). The Company has no further obligation beyond making the contributions to such plans. The 
Company’s defined benefit plans include  Gratuity.
 Gratuity
 The Company provides for gratuity payable to employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are 
in continuous service for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of gratuity payable on retirement/termination is 
the employees last drawn basic salary per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number of years of 
service.
 The gratuity plan is a funded plan. The company having a plan to retain gratuity fund seperately in future.The Company accounts for 
gratuity benefits payable in future based on an independent external actuarial valuation carried out at the end of the year using the 
Projected Unit Credit method.
 The Company actively monitors how the duration and the expected yield of the investments are matching the expected cash outflows 
arising from the employee benefit obligations, with the objective that assets of the gratuity / provident fund obligations match the 
benefit payments as they fall due.
 Provident Fund
 The eligible employees of the Company are entitled to receive post-employment benefits in respect of provident fund, in which both 
the employees and the Company make monthly contributions at a specified percentage as applicable of the employees’ eligible salary. 
The contributions are made to the Employees provident fund department.
===== [PAGE 93 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
88
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
 Longevity risk
 The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants 
both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
 Salary risk
 The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan participants. As such, an 
increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
I.  Charge to the Statement of Profit and Loss based on contributions:
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Year Ended
As at 
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Employer’s contribution to Regional Provident Fund Office  67.74  65.90 
Employer’s contribution to Superannuation Fund  28.95  31.15 
Employer's contribution to  Employees' State Insurance Corportion and other funds  41.51  38.99 
Included in Contribution to Provident and Other Funds (Refer Note 24)
II.  Disclosures for defined benefit plans based on actuarial valuation reports :-
A.  Change in Defined Benefit Obligation
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation as at beginning of the year  517.98  -    -    -   
Interest Cost  37.19  -    -    -   
Current Service Cost  31.43  4.63  -    -   
Liability Transferred In for employees joined  52.16  513.34  -    -   
Benefits Paid  (110.06)  -    -    -   
Remeasurement of defined benefit obligation  62.62  -    -    -   
Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation as at the end of the year  591.32  517.98  -     -    
===== [PAGE 94 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
89
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
B.  Changes in the Fair Value of Assets
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
Fair Value of Plan Assets as at beginning of the year  10.00  -    -    -   
Interest Income  0.72  -    -    -   
Contributions from employer  40.00  10.00  -    -   
Assets Transferred In/Acquisitions  557.25  -   
Return on Plan Assets, excluding Interest Income  28.34  -    -    -   
Fair Value of Plan Assets as at the end of the year  636.31  10.00  -     -   
C.  Amount recognised in the Balance Sheet
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation as at the end of the year  591.32  517.98  -    -   
Fair Value of Plan Assets as at end of the year  636.31  10.00  -    -   
Net Liability/(Asset) recognised in the Balance Sheet  (44.99)  507.98  -     -   
Recognised under:
Non - current provision  -    435.04  -    -   
Current  provision  -    72.94  -    -   
D.  Expenses recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
Current Service Cost  31.43  4.63  -    -   
Net interest  36.47  -    -    -   
Total Expenses  recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  67.90  4.63  -     -   
===== [PAGE 95 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
90
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
E.  Expenses Recognized in the Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) for the Year
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
Actuarial (Gains)/Losses on Obligation for the Year - Due to changes 
in financial assumptions
 62.62  -    -    -   
Return on Plan Assets, excluding Interest Income  (28.34)  -    -    -   
Net (Income)/Expense For the year Recognized in OCI  34.28  -    -     -   
F.  Principal actuarial assumptions used:
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
Discount Rate (per annum) 6.55% 7.18%  -    -   
Salary escalation rate 4.50% 4.50%  -    -   
Rate of employee turnover 17.24% 17.24%  -    -   
G.  Movements in the present value of net defined benefit obligation are as follows:
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
Opening Net Liability  507.98  -    -    -   
Expenses Recognized in Statement of Profit or Loss  67.90  4.63  -    -   
Expenses Recognized in OCI  34.28  -    -    -   
Net Liability/(Asset) Transfer In  (505.09)  513.34  -    -   
Benefit Paid Directly by the Employer  (110.06)  -    -    -   
Employer's Contribution  (40.00)  (10.00)  -    -   
Net Liability Recognized in the Balance Sheet  (44.99)  507.98  -     -   
===== [PAGE 96 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
91
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
H.  Category of Assets
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity
As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Insurance fund  636.31  10.00 
Total  636.31  10.00 
The Plan Asset  for the funded gratuity plan are administered by Life Insurance Corporation of India (‘LIC’) as per the Investment Pattern 
stipulated for Pension and Group Schemes Fund by Insurance Regulatory Development Authority
I.  Other Details
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31,  
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
Number of Active Members  481.00  489.00  -    -   
Per Month Salary for Active Members (` in Lakhs)  82.46  72.94  -    -   
Weighted Average Duration of the Projected Benefit Obligation  4.00  4.00  -    -   
Average Expected Future Service (Years)  4.00  4.00  -    -   
Projected Benefit Obligation (PBO) (` in Lakhs)  591.32  517.98  -    -   
Prescribed Contribution For Next Year (12 Months) (` in Lakhs)  -    72.94  -    -   
J.  Cash Flow Projection: From the Fund
` in Lakhs
Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years From the
 Date of Reporting
Estimated for 
the 
As at March 
31, 2025
Estimated for 
the 
As at March 
31, 2024
Estimated for 
the 
As at March 
31, 2025
Estimated for 
the 
As at March 
31, 2024
Gratuity Other Post Employment 
Benefits
1st Following Year  135.49  166.07  -    -   
2nd Following Year  171.28  70.49  -    -   
3rd Following Year  87.23  93.82  -    -   
4th Following Year  63.46  66.03  -    -   
5th Following Year  61.67  48.88  -    -   
Sum of Years 6 To 10  132.08  136.71  -    -   
===== [PAGE 97 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
92
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
K.  Sensitivity Analysis
` in Lakhs
As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Gratuity
Impact of +1% Change in Rate of Discounting  (14.59)  (12.83)
Impact of -1% Change in Rate of Discounting  15.69  13.80 
Impact of +1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase  15.85  14.02 
Impact of -1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase  (15.00)  (13.27)
Impact of +1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover  0.17  0.62 
Impact of -1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover  (0.26)  (0.73)
The above sensitivity analysis are based on change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely 
to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to 
significant actuarial assumptions the same method (present value of the defined benefit obligation calculated with the projected unit credit 
method at the end of the reporting period) has been applied as when calculating the defined benefit liability recognised in the balance sheet.
The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant 
factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
L. The liability for Compensated is net of fund balance at year end is ` Nil (Previous year ` 178.80 Lakhs) (Refer Note 15).
The Company provides for encashment of leave or leave with pay subject to certain rules. The employees are entitled to accumulate leave 
subject to certain limits for future encashment / availment.  The Company makes provision for compensated absences based on an actuarial 
valuation carried out at the end of the year using the Projected Unit Credit method. Leave obligations not expected to be settled in the next 
12 months is ` Nil (Previous year ` 123.83 Lakhs).
32 Leases
Lessee accounting 
(i)  Amounts recognized in Balance Sheet
The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Right-of-use assets
Office premises  258.05  333.14 
Land  757.33  9.95 
Total  1,015.38  343.09 
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Lease liabilities
Non-current  138.92  216.00 
Current  141.13  125.25 
Total  280.05  341.25 
===== [PAGE 98 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
93
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
(ii)  Right-of-use assets for the year ended 31st March, 2024.
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Office Premises Land
As at March 31, 
2025
As at March 31, 
2024
As at March 31, 
2025
As at March 31, 
2024
Cost or Deemed cost
Balance at April 01, 2024 /  April 01, 2023  344.88  49.98  16.50  -   
Additions  71.58  344.88  749.79  16.50 
Disposals  -    49.98  -    -   
Balance at March 31, 2025 / March 31, 2024  416.46  344.88  766.29  16.50 
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at April 01, 2024 /  April 01, 2023  11.74  23.03  6.54  6.37 
Depreciation expense for the year  146.67  23.04  2.41  0.17 
Disposals  34.33  -    -   
Balance at March 31, 2025 / March 31, 2024  158.41  11.74  8.95  6.54 
Carrying Amount
Balance at March 31, 2025 / March 31, 2024  258.05  333.14  757.33  9.95 
(iii)  Amounts recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss.
The Statement of Profit and Loss shows the following amounts relating to leases:
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at March 31, 
2025
As at March 31, 
2024
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets 
Office Premises  146.67  23.04 
Land  2.41  0.17 
Total  149.08  23.21 
Interest expense on lease liability (included in finance cost)  30.40  10.63 
Total  179.48  33.84 
During the  year, Pursuent to scheme of arrangement the old lease agreements terminated and new agreements are entered into consequently. 
the difference between the carrying amounts  of the right-of-use asset and the lease liability recorded in the statement of profit or loss as a 
gain or loss and such gain shown under other income. 
(iv)   Critical judgements in determining the lease term 
In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that creates an economic incentive to exercise an extension 
option, or not to exercise a termination option. Extension option (or period after termination option) are only included in the lease term if the 
lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated). The majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by 
the Company and not by the respective lessor.
For the leases of offices premises, the following factors are normally the most relevant:
1.  If there is significant penalties to terminate (or not extend), the Company is typically reasonably certain to extend (or not terminate).
2. If any leasehold improvements are expected to have a significant remaining value, the Company is typically reasonably certain to 
extend (or not terminate)
===== [PAGE 99 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
94
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
3. Otherwise, the Company considers the other factors including historical lease duration and the costs and business disruption required 
to replace the leased asset.
The lease term is reassessed if an option is actually exercised (or not exercised) or the Company becomes obliged to exercise it. The 
assessment of reasonably certainty is only revised if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs, which affects this 
assessment, and that is within control of lessee.            
33. Financial Instruments
33.1 Capital Management
The Company manages its capital to ensure that it will be able to continue as going concern while maximising the return to stakeholders 
through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The capital structure of the Company consists of total equity of the Company.
The Company determines the amount of capital required on the basis of annual as well as long term operating plans and other strategic 
investment plans. The funding requirements are met through non convertible debt securities or other long-term /short-term borrowings. 
The Company monitors the capital structure on the basis of total debt to equity ratio and maturity profile of the overall debt portfolio of the 
Company.
The capital components of the Company are as given below:
` in Lakhs
Particular As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Total Equity  16,624.25  13,775.33 
Long Term Borrowings  1,487.14  294.15 
Current Maturities of Long Term Borrowings  481.15  248.25 
Lease Liabilities  280.05  341.25 
Total Debt  2,248.34  883.65 
Cash and Cash equivalents  748.23  1,595.63 
Net Debt  1,500.11  (711.98)
Debt Equity ratio  0.14  0.06 
Debt Equity Ratio = Total Debt / Total Equity
33.2 Financial risk management objectives
The Management monitors and manages the financial risks  to the operations of the Company.  These risks include market risk, credit risk 
and liquidity risk.
Ratios Numerator Denominator As at March 
31, 2025
As at March 
31, 2024 Change Reason for Variance*
Current Ratio Current assets Current liabilities 1.95 1.89 3% No Material Change.
Debt-Equity Ratio Total debt Total equity 14% 6% 111% Change due to Additional 
Borrowings in current year 
from Zoroastrian Bank.
Debt Service 
Coverage Ratio
Earning for debt Debt service 7.67 6.06 27% Change due to Increase in 
lease payments in current 
year, Repayment of Loan 
was made in previous year.
Return on Equity 
Ratio
Net profit after tax Average 
shareholders equity.
19% 43% -56% # Refer note below.
Inventory turnover 
ratio (times)
COGS Average inventory 2.27 4.14 -45% # Refer note below.
Trade Receivables 
turnover ratio (times)
Credit sales Average trade 
receivable
7.45 15.52 -52% # Refer note below.
===== [PAGE 100 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
95
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
33.2 Financial risk management objectives (Contd.)
Ratios Numerator Denominator As at March 
31, 2025
As at March 
31, 2024 Change Reason for Variance*
Trade payables 
turnover ratio (times)
Net Credit 
Purchases
Average Trade 
Payables
3.57 8.58 -58% # Refer note below.
Net capital turnover 
ratio (times)
Credit sales working capital 3.99 5.04 -21% No Material Change.
Net profit ratio Net profit after tax Revenue from 
operations
12% 13% -5% No Material Change.
Return on Capital 
employed
Earnings before 
interest and tax
capital employed 22% 28% -21% No Material Change.
Return on investment Earnings before 
interest and tax
Closing total assets 17% 20% -17% No Material Change.
* Reasons for Variances are only provided for the change in the ratios by more than 25% as compared to the ratios of Previous year.
# The figures indicated in the column are not comparable and do not offer a correct representation of the variances as the figures for  
31-03-2023 were with no operation and hence eaither zero of minimal.      
33.3 Market Risk
The Company’s activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. 
33.4 Price risks
The Company is mainly exposed to the price risk due to its investment in mutual funds. In order to manage its price risk arising from 
investment in mutual funds, the Company diversifies its portfolio based on past performance. The impact of price risk with respect to 
investment in mutual fund is insignificant.
33.5 Credit risk management
Trade receivables 
Trade receivables are generally unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers. On account of adoption of Ind AS 109, the 
Company uses expected credit loss model to assess the impairment loss or gain. The Company uses a provision matrix and forward-looking 
information and an assessment of the credit risk over the expected life of the financial asset to compute the expected credit loss allowance 
for trade receivables. Historical experience of collecting receivables of the Company is supported by low level of past default and hence the 
credit risk is perceived to be low.    
Other Financial assets    
The credit risk on liquid funds and derivative financial instruments is limited because the counterparties are mutual funds and banks  with 
high credit-ratings assigned by credit-rating agencies.    
33.6 Liquidity Risk
Liquidity Risk refers to insufficiency of funds to meet the financial obligations. Liquidity Risk Management implies maintenance of sufficient cash 
and marketable securities and the availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit lines to meet obligations when due. 
   
The Company manages liquidity risk by banking facilities and by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows, and by assessing the 
maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. The below table sets out details of additional undrawn facilities that the Company has at its 
disposal to further reduce liquidity risk.      
     
The following tables detail the Company’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities with agreed repayment periods. 
The tables have been drawn up based on the earliest date on which the Company can be required to pay. The tables include both principal and interest 
cash flows.     
===== [PAGE 101 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
96
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
` in Lakhs
Maturities of Financial Liabilities as at 
the Balance Sheet date
As at March 31, 2025
 Upto 1 year  1 to 3 years  3 to 5 years  5 years & above 
Borrowings (includes interest)  650.68  1,426.81  334.17  -   
Trade Payables  2,331.49  10.10  -    -   
Other Financial Liabilities  3,218.80  126.19  -    -   
Lease liability  141.13  138.92  -    -   
 6,342.10  1,702.02  334.17  -    
Maturities of Financial Liabilities as at 
the Balance Sheet date
As at March 31, 2024
 Upto 1 year  1 to 3 years  3 to 5 years  5 years & above 
Borrowings (includes interest)  288.05  286.08  -    -   
Trade Payables  2,169.43  -    -    -   
Other Financial Liabilities  3,304.36  95.15  -    -   
Lease liability  125.25  216.00  -    -   
 5,887.09  597.23  -     -   
33.7  Categories of Financial Instruments:
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at March 31, 2025
FVTPL FVTOCI Amortised Cost
Financial Assets
Loans  -    -    0.03 
Cash and Bank Balances  -    -    748.23 
Trade Receivables  -    -    3,303.98 
Other Financial Assets  -    -    115.20 
 -     -     4,167.44 
Financial liabilities
Borrowings  -    -    1,968.29 
Trade Payables  -    -    2,341.59 
Other Financial Liabilities  -    -    1,204.79 
Lease liability  -    -    280.05 
 -     -     5,794.72 
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
FVTPL FVTOCI Amortised Cost
Financial Assets
Loans  -    -    3.26 
Cash and Bank Balances  -    -    1,595.63 
Trade Receivables  -    -    2,944.40 
Other Financial Assets  -    -    1,232.36 
 -     -     5,775.65 
Financial liabilities
Borrowings  -    -    542.40 
Trade Payables  -    -    2,169.42 
Other Financial Liabilities  -    -    633.37 
Lease liability  -    -    341.25 
 -     -     3,686.44 
===== [PAGE 102 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
97
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
33.8 Derivatives Instruments and unhedged Foreign Currency (FC) exposure
The Company is exposed to Currency Risk arising from its trade exposures and capital/Loan receipt/payments denominated, in other than the 
Functional Currency. The Company has a Foreign Exchange Risk Management policy within which the treasury has to perform and also lays 
down the checks and controls to ensure the continuing success of the treasury function. The Company has defined strategies for addressing 
the risks for each category of exposures (e.g. for exports , for imports, for loans, etc.). The centralised treasury function aggregates the foreign 
exchange exposure and takes prudent measures to hedge the exposure based on prevalent macro-economic conditions.
a)  Particulars of unhedged foreign currency exposures as at the reporting date
Currencies
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Advances from 
customers
Loans and advances 
to related party Trade receivables Advances from 
customers
Loans and advances 
to related party Trade receivables
FC in 
Lakhs
` In 
Lakhs
FC in 
Lakhs
` In 
Lakhs
FC in 
Lakhs
` In 
Lakhs
FC in 
Lakhs
` In 
Lakhs
FC in 
Lakhs
` In 
Lakhs
FC in 
Lakhs
`
 In Lakhs
USD  0.28  23.52  -    -    8.46  722.96  0.07  6.08  -    -    14.63  1,219.16 
GBP  -    -    -    -    0.65  71.47  -    -    -    -    0.73  77.01 
CHF  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
AUD  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
EUR  0.01  0.84  -    -    -    -    0.01  0.82  -    -    -    -   
Currencies As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Advances to vendors Trade payables Advances to vendors Trade payables
FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs
USD  0.08  7.19  0.32  27.53  0.07  5.56  4.61  384.31 
EUR  0.04  3.62  0.12  10.67  0.04 3.52 3.86 346.81 
CHF  0.01  1.06  -    -    -    -    -    - 
GBP  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
AUD  -    -    24.28  1,298.62  -    -    -    -   
Currencies As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Current Account Balances Current Account Balances
FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs
USD  2.03  173.35  -    -   
The following table analyses the Company’s Sensitivity  to a 5% increase and a 5% decrease in the exchange rates of these currencies against 
I N R .        
(b)  Sensitivity
As at March 31, 2025
` in Lakhs
Currencies Increase/Decrease Total Assets  in FC Total Liabilities 
in FC
 Impact on 
exchange rate 
Impact on Profit or 
Loss for the year
USD Increase by 5%  10.57  0.60  4.27  42.57 
USD Decrease by 5%  10.57  0.60  (4.27)  (42.57)
GBP Increase by 5%  0.65  -    5.53  3.59 
GBP Decrease by 5%  0.65  -    (5.53)  (3.59)
AUD Increase by 5%  -    24.28  2.67  (64.83)
AUD Decrease by 5%  -    24.28  (2.67)  64.83 
===== [PAGE 103 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
98
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
` in Lakhs
Currencies Increase/Decrease Total Assets  in FC Total Liabilities 
in FC
 Impact on 
exchange rate 
Impact on Profit or 
Loss for the year
EUR Increase by 5%  0.04  0.13  4.62  (0.42)
EUR Decrease by 5%  0.04  0.13  (4.62)  0.42 
CHF Increase by 5%  0.01  -    4.85  0.05 
CHF Decrease by 5%  0.01  -    (4.85)  (0.05)
As at Mar. 31, 2024
` in Lakhs
Currencies Increase/ 
Decrease
Total Assets  
in FC
Total Liabilities 
in FC
 Impact on exchange 
rate 
Impact on Profit or 
Loss for the year
USD Increase by 5%  14.70  4.68  4.17  41.78 
USD Decrease by 5%  14.70  4.68  (4.17)  (41.78)
EUR Increase by 5%  0.04  3.86  4.50  (17.19)
EUR Decrease by 5%  0.04  3.86  (4.50)  17.19 
33.9 Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk results from changes in prevailing market interest rates, which can cause a change in the fair value of fixed-rate instruments 
and changes in the interest payments of the variable-rate instruments.
(a)  Interest rate risk exposure
The exposure of Company’s borrowing to interest rate changes at the end of the year are as follows:
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Weighted 
average interest 
rates
% of total 
loans
Total 
Borrowings
Weighted 
average interest 
rates
% of total 
loans
Total 
Borrowings
DCB Bank Limited Term 
Loan
9.25% 15%  294.26 9.25% 100%  542.40 
Zoroastrian Bank Term 
Loan-Machine
9.50% 75%  1,475.00 - - -
Zoroastrian Bank Term 
Loan-Solar
9.25% 10%  199.03 - - -
Total  1,968.29  542.40 
(b)  Sensitivity
The sensitivity of profit / (loss) to changes in interest rates/exchange rates:
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Rates increase by 100 basis points*  19.68  5.42 
Rates decrease by 100 basis points*  (19.68)  (5.42)
* Holding all other variables constant.
===== [PAGE 104 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
99
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
34. Contingencies and other commitments
(a)  Contingencies
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts
Labour matters in dispute  16.81 16.81
Note: The Company has evaluated the impact of the recent Supreme Court Judgment in case of “Vivekananda Vidyamandir and Others 
v/s The Regional Provident Fund Commissioner (II) West Bengal” and the related circular (Circular No. C-I/1(33)2019/Vivekananda 
Vidya Mandir/284) dated 20 th March, 2019 issued by the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation in relation to non-exclusion of certain 
allowances from the definition of “basic wages” of the relevant employees for the purposes of determining contribution to provident fund 
under the Employees’ Provident Funds & Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952. In the assessment of the management which is supported by 
legal advice, the aforesaid matter is not likely to have a significant impact and accordingly, no provision has been made in these Financial 
Statements.
(b)  Commitments
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for (net 
of advance paid aggregating `31.06 Lakhs; (Previous year 314.36 lakhs)
 220.23  1,382.39 
35. Net debt reconciliation
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Long Term Borrowings  (1,487.14)  (294.15)
Current Maturities of Long Term Borrowings  (481.15)  (248.25)
Lease Liability  (280.05)  (341.25)
Total debt  (2,248.34)  (883.65)
Cash and Cash equivalents  748.23  1,595.63 
Net debt  (1,500.11)  711.98 
Current year:
` in Lakhs
Particulars
 Other assets Liabilities from financing activities
 Total  Cash and cash 
equivalents 
Long term 
borrowing including 
current maturity
Short term 
borrowing Lease Liability
Net debt as at 31st March, 2024  1,595.63  (542.40)  -     (341.25)  711.98 
Cash flows  (847.40)  (1,425.89)  -    61.20  (2,212.09)
Interest expense  -    (74.43)  -    (30.40)  (104.83)
Interest paid  -    74.43  -    -    *74.43 
Non cash movements for acquisitions and 
disposals
 -    -    -    30.40  30.40 
Net debt as at 31st March, 2025  748.23  (1,968.29)  -     (280.05)  (1,500.11)
* The interest paid during the year includes ` 4.53 Lakhs (Previous year ` Nil) in respect of interest costs capitalised for the property, plant 
and equipment in accordance with Ind AS 23.
===== [PAGE 105 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
100
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
Previous year:
` in Lakhs
Particular
 Other assets Liabilities from financing activities
 Total  Cash and cash 
equivalents 
Long term borrowing 
including current 
maturity
Short term 
borrowing Lease Liability
Net debt as at 1st April, 2023  5.00  -    -    -    5.00 
Cash flows  1,590.63  (542.40)  -    (341.25)  706.98 
Interest expense  -    (76.93)  (1.08)  (10.63)  (88.64)
Interest paid *  -    76.93  1.08  -    78.01 
Non cash movements for acquisitions and 
disposals
 -    -    -    10.63  10.63 
Net debt as at 31st March, 2024  1,595.63  (542.40)  -    (341.25)  711.98 
36. Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gross amounts Gross amounts set off in the 
Balance Sheet
Net amounts presented in 
Balance Sheet
(Financial Assets -Trade 
Receivables)
(Financial Liabilities - Rebates/ 
Discounts)
(Net Financial Assets - Trade 
Receivables)
As at Mar. 31, 2025  3,836.32  332.43  3,503.89 
Total  3,836.32  332.43  3,503.89 
As at Mar. 31, 2024  3,569.27  417.40  3,151.86 
Total  3,569.27  417.40  3,151.86 
The Company gives rebates/ discounts for Engineering segment. Under the terms of contract, the amounts payable by the Company are offset 
against receivables from customers and only the net amount is settled (i.e. after adjustment towards rebates/ discounts).  The relevant amounts 
have therefore been presented net in the Balance Sheet.
37. Assets pledged as security
The carrying amounts of assets pledged as security for current and non-current borrowings are:
` in Lakhs
Particulars Notes As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Non-current
Specific charge
 - Leasehold land 3  757.33  9.95 
 - Freehold buildings 3  3,277.62  3,428.87 
 - Plant & Machinery 3  6,604.20  5,034.70 
 - Furniture & fixtures 3  37.06  39.89 
 - Office equipments 3  16.38  9.58 
 - Capital work-in-progress 3A  819.79  468.67 
Total non-currents assets pledged as security  11,512.39  8,991.67 
Total assets pledged as security  11,512.39  8,991.67 
Note: The Assets  are transferred under the scheme of arrangement on  March 01, 2024. During the year, the title of the property has been 
transferred in the name of the comapany. The creation of charge for DCB Bank ECLGS 2.0 Term Loan is in process.
===== [PAGE 106 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
101
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
38. Segment reporting: The Ind AS 108, ‘Operating segments,’ notified pursuant to Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, 
requires management to determine the reportable segments for disclosure in financial statements based on internal reporting reviewed 
by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) to assess performance and allocate resources. The company manufactures precision 
cutting tools and related components. Based on management analysis, the company has only one operating segment, so no separate 
segment report is provided. The principal geographical area in which the company operates is India. 
39. Scheme of Arrangement 
 The Board of Directors of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited (“FPTL” or the “Resulting Company”) and Forbes & 
Company Limited (FCL or the “Demerged Company) in their respective meetings held on 26th September 2022, approved the Scheme 
of Arrangement (“Scheme”) between FCL and FPTL, as well as their respective shareholders, in accordance with Sections 230 to 
232 of the Companies Act, 2013, and other applicable provisions and rules. This Scheme entails the demerger of the “Precision Tools 
business” from FCL into FPTL, with an appointed date of 1st April 2023.
 The Honorable National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) of the Mumbai bench approved the scheme via Order No. C.P.(CAA)/303/
MB-V/2023 dated 9 th February 2024. The certified true copy of the order was received on 22 nd February 2024 and filed with the 
Registrar of the Company on 1st March 2024. The Scheme became effective / operative from the effective date of March 1, 2024, with 
this, the Precision Tools business of FCL being transferred to and vested in FPTL with effect from the appointed date i.e., April 1, 
2023.
 Upon the coming into effect of the Scheme, the existing share capital of FPTL, amounting to ₹5.00 lakhs divided into 50,000 shares 
of ₹10 each, fully paid up, held by the shareholders of the Demerged Company, prior to the Scheme becoming effective, shall stand 
cancelled without any further application, act, instrument, or deed, as an integral part of this Scheme, with adjustments done through 
Capital reserve of the Company. As per the Scheme of Arrangement, the Resulting company has issued four fully paid-up equity 
shares of ₹ 10/- each for every one fully paid-up equity share of ₹ 10/- each held by the equity shareholders of the Demerged Company 
(FCL) as of the Record Date, which was 7 th March 2024. The shareholders of FCL are entitled to receive 4 shares of FPTL against 
each share held by them.  Accordingly, the paid-up capital of FPTL is determined as 5,15,94,464 shares of ₹ 10 each, having a total 
value of ₹ 5,159.45 Lakhs. The record date for allotment was fixed as 7th March 2024, and the issuance and allotment of equity shares 
took place on 13th March 2024.
 As per  Para 12 of Appendix C of IND AS 103, the  diffrerence between Paid up share capital of FCL ₹ 1289.96 Lakhs and Paid 
up share capital issued by FPTL amounting to ₹5159.45 Lakhs in terms of scheme of arrangement is considered as negative capital 
reserve amounting ₹ 3869.59 Lakhs. The pre-merger equity share capital of ₹ 5 lakhs of FPTL is cancelled and adjusted against the 
capital reserve.
 From the appointed date, the precision tools business of FCL, including all its assets and liabilities is transferred and vested to FPTL in 
accordance with this Scheme, Consequently, the deferred tax liability related to those assets and liabilities will be remeasured and will 
result in a direct charge of ₹ 234.44 Lakhs to the opening balance of retained earnings of FPTL. Moreover, for the period from April 
1, 2023, to March 31, 2024, the incremental  deferred tax liability amounting to ` 2.33 Lakhs debited to the Profit and Loss account.
 The financial statement of the Company reflects the financial position on the basis of consistent accounting policies.
===== [PAGE 107 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
102
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
 The book value of assets acquired, and liabilities were taken over under the scheme of arrangement as on appointed date are 
listed below:
` in Lakhs
Particulars The demerged undertaking 
of the Parent Company
I.  ASSETS
1.  Non-Current Assets
 (a)  Property, plant and equipment  8,414.02 
 (b)  Right-of-use assets  37.07 
 (c)  Capital work-in-progress  182.80 
 (d)  Other intangible assets  97.49 
 (e)  Other financial asset  81.64 
 (f)  Current tax assets (net)  4.31 
 (g)  Other non-current assets  230.26 
 Total  9,047.59 
2.  Current Assets
 (a) Inventories  3,115.25 
 (b)  Financial assets
  (i) Trade receivables  2,236.80 
  (ii)  Cash and cash equivalents  366.83 
  (iii)  Loans  0.28 
 (c)  Other current assets  282.79 
Total  6,001.95 
TOTAL ASSETS  15,049.53 
II. LIABILITIES
1.   Non-current Liabilities
 (a)  Financial liabilities
  (i)  Borrowings  1,012.95 
    (ii)  Lease liability  18.87 
 (b)  Deferred tax liabilities (net)  234.44 
Total  1,266.26 
2.  Current Liabilities
(a)  Financial liabilities
 (i)  Borrowings  243.25 
 (ii)  Lease liability  11.94 
 (iii)  Trade payables  1,833.20 
 (iv)  Other financial liabilities  131.16 
(b) Other current liabilities  742.03 
(c)  Provisions  27.58 
Total  2,989.17 
TOTAL  LIABILITIES  4,255.43 
NETWORTH  10,794.10 
40. The Scheme of Arrangement for the demerger of the “Precision Tools business” from Forbes & Company Limited (FCL) to the 
Company has received approval from The Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) of Mumbai benches through Order 
No. C.P.(CAA)/303/MB-V/2023 dated February 9, 2024, Mumbai Bench. The certified true copy of the order was filed with the 
Registrar of the Company on March 1, 2024, and the Scheme became operative as of March 1, 2024.
 Consequently, the Precision Tools business of FCL has been transferred to and vested in the Company with effect from the appointed 
date, i.e., April 1, 2023. All transactions previously recorded in Forbes & Company Limited pertaining to the Precision Tools business 
have been transferred to the Company as of the effective date, March 1, 2024.
===== [PAGE 108 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
Annual Report 2024-25
103
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
41. The Indian Parliament has approved the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“the code”) which, inter alia, deals with employees benefits 
during employment and post-employment. The code has been published in the Gazette of India. The effective date of the code is yet 
to be notified and the rules for quantifying the financial impact are also yet to be issued. In view of this, the impact of change, if any, 
will be assessed and recognised post notification of the relevant provisions.
42.  Additional Regulatory Information as per Schedule III of the Division II of the Companies Act, 2013
  i  Details of Benami property held
  There are not any proceedings that have been initiated or pending against the company for holding any benami property under 
the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and the rules made thereunder as at 31st March, 2025.
  ii  Wilful defaulter
  The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or other lender who has powers to 
declare a company as a wilful defaulter at any time during the financial year or after the end of reporting period but before the 
date when financial statements are approved or in an earlier period and the default has continued for the whole or part of the 
current year.
  iii  Relationship with struck off companies
  The Company has no transactions with the companies struck off under Companies Act, 2013 or Companies Act, 1956.
  iv  The Company is in compliance with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Companies Act 2013 
read with Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
  v  (a) The company has not advanced or loaned or invested any funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other 
sources or kind of funds)during the year to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (intermediaries) 
with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the intermediary shall:
   i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the company (ultimate beneficiaries) or,
   ii)  provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
  (b) The company has not  received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (funding party) 
during the year with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the company shall:
   (i)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or
   (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
  vi  Undisclosed income
  The company does not have any transaction that are not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any 
other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961), during the year.
  vii  Details of crypto currency or virtual currency
  The group has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year.
  viii  Valuation of PP&E, intangible asset and investment property
  The group has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible assets or both during 
the current or previous year.
43.  Other regulatory information
  i   Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies
  During the year, The title of Waluj property has been transferred in the name of the company. However, the creation of charge 
for DCB Bank ECLGS 2.0 Term Loan is in process. “
  ii  Utilisation of borrowings availed from banks and financial institutions
  The borrowings obtained by the company from banks and financial institutions have been applied for the purposes for which 
such loans were was taken.
===== [PAGE 109 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
104
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  (Contd.)
  iii  The Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve Bank of India.
  The Group has seven unregistered CICs which are part of the Group
  1. SP Finance Private Limited, 
  2. SC Finance and Investments Private Limited, 
  3. Hermes Commerce Private Limited, 
  4. Renaissance Commerce Private Limited,
  5. Shapoorji Pallonji Energy Private Limited (formarly known as Shapoorji Pallonji Oil and Gas Private Limited) 
   (applied for the same to RBI),
  6. SMCM Holdings Private Limited and
  7. Shayrus Ventures Private Limited
44. Previous period figures have been re-classified/ re-arranged/ regrouped, wherever necessary, to correspond with the current period’s 
classification/ disclosure.
45. The Company has used accounting software (viz. SAP) for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit 
trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, 
there are no instances of audit trail feature being disabled at any time during the year.
46. The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors of the Company at their respective meetings held on  
24th April, 2025.  
 
In terms of our report of even date 
For Sharp & Tannan Associates For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants M.C. TAHILYANI JAI L. MAVANI
Firm's Registration No.: 109983W Managing Director Director
DIN : 01423084 DIN : 05260191
Parthiv S. Desai VIKRAM V. NAGAR RUPA KHANNA
Partner Chief Financial Officer   Company Secretary  
Membership No.:  042624 Membership No :  A33322
Date:  Apr. 24, 2025 Date:  Apr. 24, 2025 
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
===== [PAGE 110 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
SPRING LOCK 
WASHERS

===== [PAGE 111 of 111] announcements\Corrigendum_AR_FY2024-25.pdf =====
www.forbesprecision.co.in
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg,
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001
Tel : +91 22 69138900
Email  : investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in
