
===== [PAGE 1 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
ANNUAL
2023-24
REPOR T
2nd
Forbes Precision Tools and
Machine Parts Limited
www .forbesprecision. co.in

===== [PAGE 2 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
SPRING  LOCK WASHERS
MILLING
DEBURRING
DRILLING
DRDRDRDRDRILILILILILLLILILILILINGNGNGNGNG
www .forbesprecision .co.in
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Ltd.
THREADING
===== [PAGE 3 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
www .forbesprecision. co.in
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Ltd.
COMPLETE TOOLING
SOLUTIONS FOR
YOUR BUSINESS
===== [PAGE 4 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
1
Board of Directors
Marzin R. Shroff Chairman  (appointed w.e.f March 30, 2024) 
Mahesh C. Tahilyani  Managing Director  (appointed w.e.f April 1, 2024) 
D. Sivanandhan  Independent Director  (appointed w.e.f March 30, 2024) 
Jai Mavani  Non-Executive Director  (appointed w.e.f March 30, 2024) 
Rani Jadhav  Independent Director  (appointed w.e.f March 30, 2024) 
Nikhil Bhatia  Independent Director  (appointed w.e.f March 30, 2024) 
Ravinder Prem  Non-Executive Director  (upto March 31, 2024) 
Nirmal Jagawat  Non-Executive Director  (upto March 31, 2024) 
Rupa Khanna  Non-Executive Director  (upto March 31, 2024)
Chief Financial Officer
Vikram Nagar (appointed w.e.f April 1, 2024)
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Rupa Khanna (appointed w.e.f April 1, 2024)
Statutory Auditors
M/s. Sharp & Tannan Associates
Registered Office
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Tel: +91 22 69138900
Email:investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in 
Website: www.forbesprecision.co.in/
Registrars & Share Transfer Agents
Link Intime India Private Limited 
Unit: Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited,
C- 101, 1st Floor, 247 Park, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Vikhroli (West). 
Mumbai - 400083
Tel: +91 8108118484
Email: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in
Website: www.linkintime.co.in
Second Annual General Meeting of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited will be held on Thursday, July 25, 2024  
at 03.00 pm at Indian Merchant’s Chambers, Walchand Hirachand Hall, IMC Building, 4th floor, IMC Marg,  
Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020. 
This Annual Report can be accessed at www.forbesprecision.co.in/
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
===== [PAGE 5 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
2
SECOND ANNUAL REPORT 2023-24 
CONTENTS PAGES
Notice 3-10
Board’s Report 11-26
Corporate Governance Report 27-36
Standalone Financial Statements
Auditors’ Report 37-44
Balance Sheet 45-46
Statement of Profit & Loss 47
Cash Flow Statement 48-49
Statement of Changes in Equity 50
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements 51-95
===== [PAGE 6 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
3
NOTICE is hereby given that the 2 nd Annual General Meeting 
(AGM) of the Members of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine 
Parts Limited will be held on Thursday, July 25, 2024 at 03.00 p.m. 
at Indian Merchants’ Chambers, Walchand Hirachand Hall, IMC 
Building, 4 th Floor, IMC Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai 400 020 to 
transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of 
the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2024 
together with the Report of the Board of Directors and the 
Auditors thereon; 
2. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Jai Mavani  
(DIN: 05260191), who retires by rotation and being eligible, 
seeks re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS
3.  Ratification of remuneration to Cost Auditor
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution, as an Ordinary 
Resolution: 
  “Resolved that pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 (3) 
and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re- enactment thereof), read with Rule 14 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to 
time, the remuneration of ` 2.50 Lakhs plus applicable taxes 
and out of pocket expenses payable to M/s. Kishore Bhatia 
& Associates, Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 
00294), the Cost Auditor appointed by the Board of Directors 
of the Company, to conduct the audit of the cost accounts of 
the Company for the financial year ending March 31, 2024 be 
and is hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 Resolved further that the Board of Directors of the Company 
(including any duly constituted Committee thereof) be and is 
hereby authorized to do all acts and take all such steps as 
may be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this 
resolution.”
4. Ratification of remuneration to Cost Auditor
 To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution, as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
 “Resolved that pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 (3) 
and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re- enactment thereof), read with Rule 14 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to 
time, the remuneration of ` 2.50 Lakhs Lakhs plus applicable 
taxes and out of pocket expenses payable to M/s. Kishore 
Bhatia & Associates, Cost Accountants (Firm Registration 
No. 00294), the Cost Auditor appointed by the Board of 
Directors of the Company, to conduct the audit of the cost 
accounts of the Company for the financial year ending March 
31, 2025 be and is hereby ratified and confirmed.
 Resolved further that the Board of Directors of the Company 
(including any duly constituted Committee thereof) be and is 
hereby authorized to do all acts and take all such steps as 
may be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this 
resolution.”
By Order of the Board 
Rupa Khanna
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A33322
Mumbai, May 6, 2024
Registered Office:
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai 400 001
Tel: +91 22 6913 8900
Email: investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in
CIN: U29256MH2022PLC389649
Website: www.forbesprecision.co.in/
NOTES:
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 (1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) with respect to the special 
business set out in the Notice is annexed hereto. Additional 
information pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 [SEBI LODR] in respect 
of Director seeking re-appointment at the AGM is annexed 
as Annexure to this Notice.
2. A Member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM, is 
entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote instead 
of himself / herself and a proxy need not be a Member. 
The instrument of Proxy in order to be effective, should be 
deposited at the Registered Office of the Company, duly 
completed and signed, not less than 48 hours before the 
commencement of the meeting. Proxies submitted on behalf 
of the companies, societies etc., must be supported by an 
appropriate resolution/authority, as applicable. A person 
can act as proxy on behalf of members not exceeding fifty 
(50) and holding in aggregate not more that 10% of the total 
share capital of the Company. In case a proxy is proposed to 
be appointed by a Member holding more than 10 % of the 
total share capital of the Company, then such proxy shall not 
act as a proxy for any other person or Member. In case of 
jointholders, attending the Meeting, the Member whose name 
appears as the first holder in the order of names as per the 
Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to vote.
3. In accordance the Ministry of Corporate Affairs General 
Circulars Nos. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, No. 09 / 2023 
dated September 25, 2023 and SEBI Circular Nos. SEBI/
HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11 dated January 15, 2021 and 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/167 dated October 7, 
2023, the Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 
for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2024 is being sent only 
NOTICE
===== [PAGE 7 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
4
in electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses 
are registered with the Company / Link Intime India Private 
Limited or the Depository Participant(s). Notice and Annual 
Report for the Financial Year 2023-24 are also available on 
the website of the Company www.forbesprecsion.co.in/
 Members who are desirous to have a physical copy of the 
Annual Report should send a request to the Company’s 
e-mail id viz., investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in 
clearly mentioning their Folio number / DP and Client ID.
4. Members are advised to:
 (a)  submit their PAN and bank account details to their 
respective Depository Participants (DPs) with whom 
they are maintaining their demat accounts and 
complete KYC process to keep demat account active.
 (b)  contact their respective DPs for registering the 
nomination, in respect of their shareholding in the 
Company.
 (c)  register / update their mobile number and e-mail 
address with their respective DPs for receiving 
communications electronically.
 (d)  inform any change in address and bank mandate to DP.
5. Institutional / Corporate Members are requested to send to 
the Company a scanned copy (pdf/jpg format) of certified 
Authorisation / Board Resolution with attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are 
authorised to participate in the AGM on their behalf and 
to vote through remote e-voting to the Scrutinizer by 
email to scrutinisers@mmjc.in with a copy marked to  
evoting@nsdl.com
6. The Company has vide its Circular dated March 26, 2024 to 
the Members holding shares in physical form had informed 
that their shares have been transfered to an Escrow Demat 
Account pursuant to the direction received from BSE Limited 
that the proposed equity shares be issued in term of "Scheme 
of Arrangement" shall mandatory be in demat form only. 
Kindly note that all the Shareholders who were holding shares 
in physical form in Forbes & Company Limited (Demerged 
Company) are requested to follow the undernoted procedure 
to claim their shares in the Company 
 To claim these fully paid-up Equity Shares from the Escrow 
Demat Account maintained by the Company, you are 
requested to submit following documents:
 a. Request letter duly signed by all the shareholders
 b. Form ISR - 4 (Please select the option - Claim from 
Unclaimed Suspense Account)
 c. Self-attested copy of Client Master List
 d. Self-attested copy of Pan Card for all shareholders
 e. Form ISR - 1 for registration of KYC details if not 
done earlier
 f. Form SH - 13 or Form ISR - 3 
 g. Signature Verification as per Form ISR - 2
 h. Self-attested copy of address proof
 Form of ISR 1, ISR 2, SH-13, ISR-3 and ISR-4 can be 
downloaded from www.forbesprecision.co.in
7. Members are requested to immediately notify the 
REGISTRARS AND SHARE TRANSFER AGENTS or 
the DEPOSITORY PARTICIPANTS of any change in their 
address.
8. Members are requested to update their email address with 
Depository Participant/Company to enable us to send Annual 
Report and other communications electronically.
9. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI LODR, as amended, securities 
of listed companies can be transferred only in dematerialized 
form with effect from, April 1, 2019. Members may please 
note that SEBI, vide it’s Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ 
MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022 has 
mandated Listed Companies to issue securities in demat form 
only while processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate 
securities certificate; claim from Unclaimed Suspense 
Account; Renewal/Exchange of securities certificate; 
Endorsement; Sub- division / Splitting of securities certificate; 
consolidation of securities certificate/folios; Transmission 
and Transposition. Accordingly, Members are requested to 
make service by request submitting a duly filled and signed 
Form ISR-4, the format of which is available on the website 
of the Company www.forbesprecision.co.in and RTA  
www.linkintime.co.in.
  Kindly note that any service request can be processed only after 
the Folio is KYC compliant. 
10. Members desiring any additional information/
clarification on the Financial Statements are requested 
to send such requests at the earliest through email on  
investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in on or before July 21, 
2024. The same will be replied by the Company suitably at the 
AGM.
11. Members desiring inspection of Register of Directors and 
Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding maintained 
under Section 170 of the Act, the Register of Contracts 
or Arrangements in which the directors are interested, 
maintained under Section 189 of the Act during the AGM 
may send their request in writing to the Company to  
investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in  by July 21, 2024.
12. The Route Map is annexed in this Notice.
13. The Company has not declared any dividend since 
incorporation viz. from August 30, 2022. Therefore, the 
provisions of the Act and the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and 
Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”) for transfer of unpaid/ 
unclaimed dividend as well as shares on which dividend 
remain unpaid/ unclaimed for a period of seven consecutive 
years to IEPF Account, are not applicable on the Company.
14. National Securities Depositories Limited (“NSDL”) will be 
providing facility for voting through remote e-Voting.
===== [PAGE 8 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
5
Annual Report 2023-24
15. E-Voting
I. In compliance with provisions of Section 108 of the Act, Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, 
as amended and Regulation 44 of SEBI LODR, the Company is pleased to provide Members facility to exercise their right to vote on 
resolutions proposed to be considered at the AGM by electronic means, through e-Voting Services provided by National Securities 
Depository Limited (NSDL). 
II. The Members who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also participate in the AGM physically but shall not be 
entitled to cast their vote again.
III. The remote e-voting period commences on Monday, July 22, 2024 (9:00 am) (IST) and ends on Wednesday July 24, 2024 (5:00 
pm) (IST). During this period Members’ of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the 
cut-off date of July 18, 2024 may cast their vote by remote e-voting. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting 
thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the member, the member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.
IV. The process and manner for remote e-voting are as under: How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
 The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
 Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of 
shareholders  Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL.
1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under 
“Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. 
Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, 
option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal”  or 
click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
2. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.
com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the 
icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter 
your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you 
can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected 
to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
3. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR 
code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.

===== [PAGE 9 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
6
Type of 
shareholders  Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and password. 
Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login 
Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible companies 
where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, 
the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com 
and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. 
from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, 
user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the 
system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through 
their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository Participant registered 
with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see 
e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to 
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ 
Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login 
can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending 
a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at  
022 48867000
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login 
can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk. evoting@cdslindia.
com or contact at toll free no. 1800 22 55 33
B) Login Method for e-Voting for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click 
on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, 
your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the 
screen.
 Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. 
IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your 
existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after 
using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can 
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding 
shares i.e. Demat (NSDL 
or CDSL) or Physical
Your User ID is:
a) For Members 
who hold shares 
in demat account 
with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 
Digit Client ID For example if your 
DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID 
is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******.
b) For Members 
who hold shares 
in demat account 
with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID 
is 12**************
c) For Members 
holding shares in 
Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio 
Number registered with the company
For example if folio number is 001*** 
and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001***
===== [PAGE 10 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
7
Annual Report 2023-24
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders are given below:
 a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can 
user your existing password to login and cast your vote.
 b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first 
time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ 
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve 
your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial 
password’ and the system will force you to change 
your password.
 c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
  a) If your email ID is registered in your demat 
account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email 
ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL 
from your mailbox. Open the email and open the 
attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The 
password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client 
ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for 
CDSL account or folio number for shares held in 
physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User 
ID’ and your ‘initial password’.
  b) If your email ID is not registered, please 
follow steps mentioned below in process for 
those shareholders whose email ids are not 
registered.
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ 
Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
 a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are 
holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or 
CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
 b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding 
shares in physical mode) option available on  
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
 c) If you are still unable to get the password by 
aforesaid two options, you can send a request at  
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account 
number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your 
registered address etc.
 d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) 
based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting 
system of NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and 
Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting 
will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all 
the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and 
whose voting cycle is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent 
or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which 
you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” 
will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by 
clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be 
allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, 
NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG 
Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter 
etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer 
by e-mail to scrutinisers@mmjc.in  with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by 
clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” 
displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password 
with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be 
disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct 
password. In such an event, you will need to go through the 
“Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset 
Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to 
reset the password.
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently 
Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the 
download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.:  
022 48867000 or send a request to Mr. Amit Vishal or  
Ms. Pallavi Mhatre at evoting@nsdl.com/
===== [PAGE 11 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
8
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered 
with the depositories for procuring user id and password and 
registration of e-mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out 
in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide 
Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy 
of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) by email to investor.relations@forbesprecision.
co.in/
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide 
DPID- CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account 
statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) 
to investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in. If you are an 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, 
you are requested to refer to the login method explained at 
step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual 
meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode.
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to 
evoting@nsdl.com/ for procuring user id and password for 
e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on 
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed 
to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders 
are required to update their mobile number and email ID 
correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting 
facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON 
A. Other Instructions:
I. The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their 
shares of the paid up equity share capital of the Company 
as on the cut-off date of July 18, 2024 as per the Register of 
Members/Statements of beneficial ownership maintained by 
the Depositories, i.e., NSDL and CDSL. Any person, who 
acquires shares of the Company and becomes a member of 
the Company after dispatch of the Notice and holds shares as 
of the cut-off date i.e. July 18, 2024, may obtain the login ID 
and password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or 
rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in.
 However, if you are already registered with NSDL for 
remote e-Voting then you can use your existing user ID and 
password for casting your vote. If you forgot your password, 
you can reset your password by using “Forgot User Details/
Password” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com or 
contact NSDL at 022 48867000.
II. You can also update your mobile number and e-mail id in the 
user profile details of the folio which may be used for sending 
future communication(s).
III. A person, whose name is recorded in the Register of Members 
or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the 
depositories as on the cut-off date only shall be entitled to 
avail the facility of remote e-voting or casting vote.
IV. MMJB & Associates LLP, Practicing Company Secretaries 
has been appointed as the Scrutinizer for providing facility 
to the Members of the Company to scrutinize the remote 
e-voting process and casting vote through the e-voting system 
during the meeting in a fair and transparent manner.
V. The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of voting at the 
AGM, will first download the votes cast at the meeting and 
thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting in 
the presence of at least two witnesses not in the employment 
of the Company and shall make, not later than three days 
of the conclusion of the AGM, a consolidated scrutinizer’s 
report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to 
the Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing, who 
shall countersign the same and declare the result of the voting 
forthwith.
VI. The Results declared along with the report of the Scrutinizer 
shall be placed on the website of the Company and on the 
website of NSDL immediately after the declaration of result 
by the Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing. 
The results shall also be immediately forwarded to the BSE 
Limited, Mumbai. Subject to receipt of requisite number of 
votes, the resolutions shall be deemed to be passed at the date 
of AGM.
===== [PAGE 12 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
9
Annual Report 2023-24
ANNEXURE TO NOTICE
Statement Pursuant to Section 102 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”)
The following explanatory statement sets out material facts relating to the special business set out in the accompanying Notice of 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”):
Item No. 3 & 4
The Hon’ble Mumbai Bench of National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) had passed an Order dated February 9, 2024 approving the 
Scheme of Arrangement between Forbes & Company Limited (Demerged Company) and Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited 
(Resulting Company) and their respective Shareholders for demerger of the ‘Precision Tool Business’ into Forbes Precision Tools and 
Machine Parts Limited. Certified copy of the NCLT Order dated February 9, 2024 was received on February 22, 2024. The appointed date of 
the Scheme was April 1, 2023 and the Scheme became operative from the effective date of March 1, 2024.
The Cost Audit of the ‘Precision Tool Business’  was conducted in Forbes & Company Limited by M/s. Kishore Bhatia & Associates, Cost 
Accountants  for 11 months April 1, 2023 to February 29, 2024. Since the appointed date of the Scheme of Arrangement was April 1, 2023 
and upon vesting of ‘Precision Tool Business’ in the Company, it  would be required to undertake the cost audit of the ‘Precision Tool 
Business’ for the Financial Year 2023-24.
The Board of Directors have also approved the appointment of M/s. Kishore Bhatia & Associates, Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 
00294) as cost auditors of the Company at a remuneration of ` 2.5 Lakhs plus applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses for the financial 
year ending March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025. 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Act, read with The Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration 
payable to the Cost Auditor has to be ratified by the Members of the Company. 
Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought for ratification of the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for the financial year ending 
March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025. 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, 
in the Resolution at Item No. 3 and 4 of the Notice. 
The Board recommends the passing of this Resolution at Item No. 3 and 4 of the accompanying Notice in the interest of the Company.
By Order of the Board
Rupa Khanna
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A33322
Mumbai, May 6, 2024
Registered Office:
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai 400 001
Tel: +91 22 6913 8900
Email: investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in 
CIN: U29256MH2022PLC389649
Website: www.forbesprecision.co.in/
===== [PAGE 13 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
10
Details of Director whose re-appointment is proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting
[Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 applicable and 
provisions of Secretarial Standards - 2]
Name of Director Mr. Jai Mavani 
Director Identification Number (DIN) 05260191 
Date of Birth September 4, 1971 
Date of first Appointment on Board March 30, 2024
Qualification B.Com, ACA 
Relationships between directors inter-se Not related to any Director/Key Managerial Personnel of the Company. 
Expertise in specific functional areas He has worked with firms like Arthur Andersen, KPMG and PWC and has industry 
specialization in Infrastructure, Real Estate and Private Equity and his skills include fund 
raising, business structuring, Mergers & Acquisitions, tax and regulatory and investment. 
He has skills and expertise in Fund raising, business structuring, Finance and Tax, Mergers 
and Acquisition and Business Governance
List of Directorship held in other listed 
companies in India (excluding Private and 
Section 8 Companies)
Mr. Jai Mavani is Director of following Public Companies:
- Gopalpur Ports Limited
- Forbes & Company Limited
- Forbes Technosys Limited
Listed companies from which the Director 
has resigned in the past 3 (three) years
Nil
Chairmanship/Membership of the 
Committees of Audit Committee and 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee of 
other Indian Public Companies
Nil
Terms and Conditions of re-appointment Non-executive Director, liable to retire by rotation.
No. of shares held in the Company 8123
Attendance at the Board Meeting in the 
Financial Year 2023-2024
No. of Meetings held Attended
6 Appointed with effect from March 30, 2024
Details of remuneration Not Applicable
By Order of the Board 
Rupa Khanna
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A33322
Mumbai, May 6, 2024
Registered Office:
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai 400 001
Tel: +91 22 6913 8900
Email: investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in
CIN: U29256MH2022PLC389649
Website: www.forbesprecision.co.in/
===== [PAGE 14 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
11
REPORT OF BOARD AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Dear Members, 
The Board of Director of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited hereby submit their 2nd Annual Report of the business and 
operations of the Company along with the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year (FY) ended March 31, 2024. 
Financial Results and Highlights of Performance 
The Company’s performance, as per Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS), during the Financial Year under review is summarized as 
follows: 
` in Lakhs 
Particulars FY 23-24 * FY 22-23 
Revenue and Other Income (Total Income) 22,955.60 - 
Earnings before Finance Cost, Depreciation and Tax 5,243.48 (1.18) 
Profit / (Loss) after Finance Cost, Depreciation and before Tax 3,983.03 (1.18) 
Profit before Tax (PBT) 3,983.03 (1.18) 
Profit/(loss) after tax for the year from continuing operations 2,971.11     (1.18) 
Tax Expense 1,011.92 - 
Profit/(Loss) for the year 2,971.11 (1.18) 
Other Comprehensive Income (net of tax)/(Loss) 6.29 - 
Total Comprehensive Income 2,977.40 (1.18) 
Earnings Per Share - Basic and Diluted (`) (Continuing operation) ₹ 110.63 (2.35) 
Earnings Per Share - Basic and Diluted (`) (Discontinued operations) ₹ 110.63 (2.35) 
Paid up Shares (each paid up ` 10) as on end of respective period 51,594,464 50,000 
Note:   The above figures are extracted from Financial Statements as per Indian Accounting Standard (‘IND AS”) and are prepared in 
accordance with the principles stated therein as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs under section 133 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with relevant rules issued therein. 
*  The results are not comparable because your Company has been incorporated on August 30, 2022 and had little or no operations till 
March 1, 2024 (being the Effective date). However, in view of the provisions of the Companies Act read along with the Order dated 
February 9, 2024 passed by Honorable National Company Law Tribunal approving the Scheme of Arrangement. Your Company is 
required to report the operations from April 1, 2023 (Appointed Date) to March 1, 2024 (Effective date) as its own operations even 
though the physical transactions were conducted with the legal entity, Forbes & Company Limited (Demerged Company). 
===== [PAGE 15 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
12
Management Discussion & Analysis of Financial Conditions, 
Results of Operations and State of Company Affairs 
General Performance and Outlook 
The overall macro environment for India has been much better than 
many or most of the developed and the developing economies. There 
have been setbacks like continuation of regional conflicts with some 
parts of the world, and its consequent impacts on the respective 
currencies, interest rates, access to those markets and commodity 
prices which may have created some negative influences. However, 
as it seems today, the inherent strength of India economy coupled with 
the incentivization and promotion of industry by the Government 
has been a solid positive and the driver of the Indian economy and 
we expect the approach and the trend to continue. 
This period is also a year of central elections for India and the 
outcome of the same would largely determine the continuation 
or speeding up of the economic drive. However, with a real GDP 
Projected to grow at 7.3% in FY 2023-24 and capital expenditure 
outlay increasing 11% to 11,11,111 crores at 3.4% of GDP and FDI 
inflows ever increasing, fiscal deficit at 5.1% of GDP, the trend 
seems to be in favour of and striving for optimum levels of growth. 
The direction of the Government as stated is to ensure upliftment of 
the poor, women, youth and farmer with a focus on development that 
is all-round, all-pervasive and all-inclusive. With such a self adopted 
mandate the future looks promising and rewarding. 
Performance and outlook 
During the year under consideration, your Company has seen many 
actions of consolidation and these are discussed hereunder followed 
by the discussion on results. 
The demerged business allows your Company’s Management to 
focus specifically on the core and growth oriented businesses, 
namely Precision Tools. During the year, major actions have been 
taken in various areas and the key points are being summarized 
hereunder for the better understanding of all its stakeholders. 
•  Your Company has been incorporated on August 30, 2022 as 
a wholly owned subsidiary of Forbes & Company Limited 
to carryout the Precision Tools business after approval and 
implementation of the Scheme. Subsequently to the before 
receipt of all relevant approvals, it will also be listed on BSE 
Limited, the application for which has already been made. 
•  Your Company had approved the Scheme of Arrangement 
(“Scheme”) between the Forbes & Company Limited (“FCL” 
or the “Demerged Company”) and Forbes Precision Tools and 
Machine Parts Limited (“FPTL” or the “Resulting Company”) 
and their respective shareholders under Section 230 to 232 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable provisions and 
the Rules framed thereunder. This Scheme is a Scheme of 
Arrangement involving demerger of Precision Tools business 
of the Forbes & Company Limited into Forbes Precision 
Tools and Machine Parts Limited. The Scheme is subject 
to necessary approvals by the Stock Exchanges, Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, Shareholders and Creditors of 
the Company, as may be applicable, Jurisdictional Bench of 
National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) and such other 
statutory and regulatory approvals as may be required.  
 •  During the FY 2023-24, The Hon’ble Mumbai Bench 
of National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) granted its 
approval to the Scheme of Arrangement as filed by Forbes & 
Company Limited vide order dated February 09, 2024. The 
Appointed Date as per the Scheme was April 01, 2023 and 
the Effective Date of the Scheme was March 01, 2024 and 
consequently, all the operations of Precision Tool Business 
are now a part and parcel of your Company. 
 The relevant documents for obtaining in-principal approval 
for listing been submitted to BSE Limited and Securities and 
Exchange Board of India.
• For the information of shareholders, the following assets (at 
book value) were a part of the Scheme of Arrangement which 
moved from Forbes & Company Limited to your Company 
on April 01, 2023. The details are summarized hereunder 
(Amounts in ` lakhs) 
Current Assets 
 Inventories  3,115.25 
 Net Receivables 2,236.80 
 Others  649.90 
Total 6,001.95 
Non-Current  
 In the nature of Fixed Assets 8,731.38 
 Financial Assets 81.64 
 Other non-current 234.57 
Total 9,047.59 
Liabilities  
 Borrowings 1,256.20 
 Lease Liability 30.81 
 Trade and other Liabilities 2,968.41 
Total 4,255.43
Net Worth 10,794.10
 On the Effective date of the Scheme of Arrangement 485 
Nos of employees of the Forbes & Company Limited were 
transferred to the Company.
Precision Tools business 
Precision Tools business achieved a reasonable 12% year-on-year 
growth, however, accompanied by significant profit improvement 
despite encountering challenges in international markets due to 
the geopolitical crisis in Middle East and Europe, impacting our 
operations in Russia, Israel and Europe. 
Our investment strategies yielded substantial returns, particularly 
evident in the doubling of our High-Speed Drills portfolio in the 
last fiscal year. Centre drill manufacturing set up was installed 
successfully with substantial capacity thereby increasing the product 
range within the High-Speed Steel Drills portfolio. Further, the 
===== [PAGE 16 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
13
Annual Report 2023-24
acquisition of international accounts in the Far East and Americas 
contributed significantly to the revenue, while simultaneously 
enhancing our market share domestically. 
The growth trajectory extended to our flagship High Speed Steel 
Taps business, which expanded across various segments with the 
addition of new customers in the export market. Strengthening 
our product development capabilities and operational efficiencies 
allowed us to offer innovative technological solutions for emerging 
applications. Investments in new technology, which will become 
operational in current financial year will further broaden our Carbide 
Taps portfolio, drawing increased market interest in this segment. 
Our commitment to advancing technology and fortifying the supply 
chain ensures that we meet the evolving quality and supply demands 
of our customers. Continued investments in new technology, 
machinery, and software systems facilitate accelerated product 
development with consistency and precision. 
Efforts to elevate brand visibility and product promotion through 
domestic and international exhibitions were fruitful, with 
engagements at EMO at Hannover, Engimech at Gandhinagar, and 
Hand Tools Expo at New Delhi. These initiatives aimed to keep 
customers informed about our latest offerings, particularly in high-
end threading and long drilling solutions. 
The Precision Tool portfolio made significant strides in penetrating 
key accounts and developing channel partners to meet future growth 
requirements. Our cutting tools portfolio garnered widespread 
acceptance across multiple sectors, including Aerospace, Defense, 
Die & Mould, Valve Industries, and Auto component manufacturing. 
Successful demonstrations of product superiority enabled us to 
secure long term relationships with focus key accounts. 
In response to inflated input costs, we implemented price increases 
across our portfolio, which we were able to successfully pass on 
to our customers. Strong measures in supply chain management 
and volume-based negotiations further contributed to the improved 
profitability. We continue to explore and innovate our product 
portfolio for various product groups, and we continually seek to 
introduce new products in all possible geographies in and outside 
India. 
The overall export market has not been very encouraging and despite 
volume drops from Russia, Israel and Europe, our CS Taps & 
Carbide Rotary Burrs business exhibited decent double-digit growth, 
underscoring our resilience in the face of market fluctuations. 
Our business remains aligned with emerging opportunities in India’s 
Défense, Railways, and electronic industries through the Make in 
India initiatives. Channel sales play a pivotal role in our growth 
strategy, with expansions facilitated by the appointment of channel 
partners in previously unrepresented territories. We believe this 
India opportunity is vast and it will be a test of our sales channel 
ability to extract the best from this markets which will limit the 
growth. International sales efforts focus on targeted geographies, 
complemented by product development tailored for markets such as 
South Americas, GCC, the Far East etc. with focus on large contracts 
with well recognised Brands operating across the globe. 
Key Financial performance, Operational Information and Ratio Analysis 
Key Ratios/ Indicators 
Standalone 
Explanation for change of 25% or more 
FY 23-24 FY 22-23* 
 Debtors Turnover (in days) 23.51  - 
New business activity. No explanation provided as Previous year 
figures do not exist to provide an explanation to variation. 
 Interest Coverage Ratio 35.38  - 
 Operating Profit Margin % 18%  - 
 Return on Net Worth 23%  - 
* There were no business operations during the FY 2022-23 and are hence not comparable and therefore the figures for the earlier years 
not presented. 
Revenue 
During the year Company has achieved total standalone revenue (including other income) of ` 22,955.60 Lakhs (previous year ` nil).  
Standalone EBIDTA is ` 5243.48 Lakhs (previous year ` (1.18) Lakhs), a significant increased mainly as the activity started this financial year. 
Profit/(Loss) Before Tax (“PBT”) 
Consequent to the above, during the year standalone PBT is  ` 3983.03 Lakhs (previous year ` (1.18) Lakhs) 
Profit / (loss) After Tax 
The tax liability for the year was computed ` 1,011.92 Lakhs and the resultant profit after tax was ` 2,971.11 Lakhs (previous year `(1.18) 
Lakhs) 
Total Comprehensive Income / (Loss) 
During the year standalone profit after other comprehensive income is ` 2,977.40 Lakhs (previous year ` (1.18) Lakhs) 
Fixed Assets: 
During the year Gross Block is ` 22,571 Lakhs (previous year ` Nil) on account of Scheme of Arrangement.
===== [PAGE 17 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
14
Borrowing 
Total standalone borrowing is ` 542.40 Lakhs (previous year ` nil) 
as a result of the Scheme of Arrangement. 
OPPORTUNITIES & RISKS 
Our success as an organization depends on our ability to identify 
opportunities and leverage them while mitigating the risks that 
arise while conducting our business. Major risks identified by the 
businesses and functions are systematically addressed through 
mitigating actions on a continuing basis. Some of the opportunities 
and key risks, anticipated impact on the Company and mitigation 
strategy is as follows: 
Market Development 
Your Company monitors external market trends and collates 
consumer insights to develop category and brand strategies. 
The Company actively searches for ways to translate the trends 
in consumer preference and taste into new technologies for 
incorporation into future products. We develop product ideas both 
in-house and with selected partners to enable us to respond to rapidly 
changing consumer trends with speed. 
The Company is dedicated to ensuring that its vendors, suppliers, 
contractors etc. work in a healthy and safe environment while 
delivering on the expected standard. 
Given our dependency on Automotive sector, one more aspect of 
risk is the way the development of this industry will evolve due to the 
Electric initiatives of the sector. The trends of this industry moving 
to different fuel options will impact the demand of the consumer and 
we will have to align ourselves and remain abreast of the happenings 
to be able to have an important share in contributing to this aspect. 
Political and Global Uncertainty 
Political uncertainty or volatile economic uncertainty may adversely 
affect the reduced demand and could restrict revenue growth 
opportunities. 
The Company has broad based diversified businesses catering to 
various industry segments and diverse markets and hence may not 
get affected by such uncertainty. 
Legal and Regulatory 
Compliance with laws and regulations is an essential part of 
your Company’s business operations. We are subject to laws and 
regulations in diverse areas as product safety, product claims, 
trademarks, copyright, patents, competition, employee health 
and safety, the environment, Water and Air Pollution, corporate 
governance, listing and disclosure, employment, and taxes. 
Frequent changes in legal and regulatory regime and introduction 
of newer regulations with multiple authorities regulating same 
areas lead to complexity in compliance. We closely monitor and 
review our practices to ensure that we remain complaint with 
relevant laws and legal obligations. 
Systems and Information 
Your Company’s operations are increasingly dependent on IT 
systems and the management of information. 
Increasing digital interactions with customers, suppliers and 
consumers place even greater emphasis on the need for secure and 
reliable IT systems and infrastructure, and careful management of 
the information that is in our possession. 
The cyber-attack threat of unauthorized access and misuse of 
sensitive information or disruption to operations continues to 
increase. 
To reduce the impact of external cyber-attacks impacting our 
business, we have sufficient security measures including firewalls 
and threat monitoring systems in place, complete with immediate 
response capabilities to mitigate identified threats. Our employees 
are trained to understand these requirements. 
Energy Management 
The Company’s factories consume power for the manufacturing 
and for the purpose of air cooling. The Company identifies it as 
a critical resource and gives it due attention to optimize its use 
including using green source like solar power etc. The Company 
has initiated over the year installation of solar system within its 
factory. Though this has met only partial demand, attempts have 
been made to look at the opportunity and enlarge the scope of 
such coverage. 
Internal control systems and their adequacy 
The Company has already initiated to install an internal 
control system, which ensures that all transactions are recorded 
satisfactorily and reported and that all assets are protected 
against loss from unauthorized use or otherwise. The internal 
control systems are supplemented by an internal audit system. 
The findings of such internal audits will be periodically reviewed 
by the management and suitable actions taken to address the 
gaps, if any. The Audit Committee of the Board will meet at 
regular intervals to address significant issues raised by both the 
Internal Auditors and the Statutory Auditors. The process of 
internal control and systems, statutory compliance, information 
technology, risk analysis and risk management are inter-woven to 
provide a meaningful support to the management of the business. 
M/s Sharp & Tannan Associates, the Statutory Auditors of the 
Company has audited the financial statements included in this 
annual report and has issued a report on our internal financial 
controls over financial reporting as defined in Section 143 of the 
Act. 
Material Development in Human Resources and Industrial 
Relations 
The fiscal year 2023-24 started with promising business results across 
all the Product Categories. The focus of Human Resources Function 
was in the areas of Safety, Health & wellbeing of the employees, 
Talent Acquisition, Performance Management, Capability 
Development for making future ready organization. New joinees 
have undergone the induction program for their integration with the 
culture, values systems of the Company. Performance Management 
System workshop was conducted for aligning functional Key Result 
Areas and Performance Indicators in line with annual business 
plan. People Capability Development programs were organized to 
strengthen employee competence and improve productivity. The 
Leadership Development Program for the some Leaders & Managers 
was conducted to strengthen competence in Change Management, 
===== [PAGE 18 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
15
Annual Report 2023-24
Collaborative working, Customer Centricity & Driving Execution. 
In addition, Value Selling and Customer Centricity training program 
was also conducted for the sales professionals for the competency 
development in value selling and Channel Management. 
While on the subject, the Board specifically thanks its employees, 
its union and the Management who have worked cordially and 
peacefully, leveraging the synergies the operations offer. The 
Company also signed a 5 year labour settlement agreement which 
shall now be valid till end of 2028. 
Investment in Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures 
Presently the Company does not have any subsidiaries nor joint ventures 
Dividend & Transfer to Reserves 
This being the first year of operations (FY 2023-24) your company 
has decided to preserve its resources and has hence not recommended 
any Dividend for the current financial year under review. No amount 
has been transferred to the reserves during the year. 
Share Capital 
The paid-up Equity Share Capital of the Company is increased 
from ` 5 Lakhs divided into 50,000 Equity shares of ` 10 each to  
` 5,159.45 Lakhs divided into 5,15,94,464 equity shares of `10 each 
pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement. 
The existing paid up equity share capital of the Company comprising 
of 50,000 equity shares of ` 10 each were cancelled pursuant to the 
order passed by the Hon’ble Mumbai Bench of National Company 
Law Tribunal (NCLT).
The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is increased from  
` 5 Lakhs divided into 50,000, Equity Shares of ` 10 each to ` 7800 
Lakhs (divided into 7,80,00,000 Equity Shares of ` 10 each.
During the year under review, the Company has not issued any other 
shares with differential voting rights or sweat equity shares and has 
not granted any stock options. 
Finance 
The Board is pleased to inform the stakeholders that the Company 
is Net Debt Free as on March 31, 2024. The Company will continue 
to focus on judicious management of its working capital. Relentless 
focus on receivables, inventories, strict cost control and use of 
alternative borrowing instruments, where possible, and the sale of 
assets has helped in keeping the borrowings and effective interest 
cost under control. 
Deposits 
The Company has not accepted deposits from public falling within 
the ambit of Section 73 of the Act and The Companies (Acceptance 
of Deposits) Rules, 2014. 
Particular of loans, guarantees and investments 
Particular of Loans, Guarantees and Investments covered under 
provisions of section 186 of the Act are given in the notes to the 
Financial Statements, if any. 
Related Party Transactions 
All related party transactions that were entered into during the 
financial year were on arm’s length basis and were in the ordinary 
course of business. There were no material related party transactions 
made by the Company with Promoters and Directors, which may 
have a potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large. 
The policy on Related Party Transactions as approved by the Board 
is uploaded on the Company’s website. 
Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy 
Pursuant to provision of Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 22 
of SEBI LODR, the Board has established a vigil mechanism for the 
Directors and employees of the Company to report genuine concerns 
about unethical behaviour actual or suggested fraud or violation of 
the Company’s Code of Conduct or ethics with effect from April 1, 
2024. The Company has in place Whistle Blower Policy to provide 
mechanism for Director or employee of the Company to approach 
the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Policy is also available 
on the website of the Company.
Remuneration Policy 
The Board has on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, framed a policy for selection and 
appointment of Directors, senior management personnel and their 
remuneration. Remuneration Policy of the Company acts as a 
guideline for determining, inter alia, qualification, positive attributes 
and independence of a Director, matters relating to the remuneration, 
appointment, removal and evaluation of the performance of 
the Director, Key Managerial Personnel and senior managerial 
personnel. Nomination and Remuneration Policy is annexed as 
Annexure “I” to this report. 
Business Responsibility and Substainability Report 
The requirements under Regulation 34 (2)(f) and the proviso thereof 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
2015 is not applicable to the Company as the Company was unlisted 
public Company during the FY 2023-24. 
Internal Complaints Committee 
The Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace 
and has adopted a policy on prevention, prohibition and redressal 
of sexual harassment at workplace as per with the provisions of the 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the rules thereunder for prevention and 
redressal of complaints of sexual harassment at workplace. Internal 
Compliant Committee (ICC) has been setup to redress complaints 
received regarding sexual harassment as per Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 
2013 and the ICC includes external member. During FY 2023-24, no 
complaints on sexual harassment were received. 
Corporate Governance and Management Discussion and 
Analysis 
The guiding principle of the Code of Corporate Governance is 
‘harmony’ i.e., balancing the need for transparency with the need 
===== [PAGE 19 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
16
to protect the interest of the Company and balancing the need for 
empowerment at all levels with the need for accountability. A 
detailed report on Corporate Governance forms part of Annual 
Report. The ‘Management Discussion and Analysis’ forms part of 
this report. 
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 
The provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 related 
to Corporate Social Responsibility were not applicable on the 
Company for the year under review.
Risk Management 
The Company is presently unlisted and there is no mandatory 
requirement for formation of the Risk Management Committee. This 
role is however being undertaken by the Board of Directors within 
the Board meetings.  
Significant and Material Orders Passed by the Regulators or 
Courts 
There are no significant material orders passed by the Regulators 
/ Courts, other than Scheme of Arrangement already mentioned 
earlier, which would impact the going concern status of the Company 
and its future operations. 
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel 
As per provisions of Section 152(6) of the Act, Mr. Jai Mavani (DIN: 
05260191) is due to retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting and being eligible, seeks re-appointment. The Board of 
Directors recommends his re-appointment as Director of the Company. 
Mr. D. Sivanandhan, Ms. Rani Jadhav and Mr. Nikhil Bhatia were 
appointed as Non Executive, Independent Directors with effect from 
Mrach 30, 2024 for a term of 3 Years and are not liable to retire by 
rotation.
Mr. Marzin R. Shroff and Mr. Jai Mavani were appointed as Non- 
Executive, Non Independent Director with effect from March 30, 
2024 and are liable to retire by rotation.
Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani  was appointed as Managing Director with 
effect from April 1, 2024 for a period of 3 years.
The Company has received declarations from all the Independent 
Directors of the Company confirming that they meet with the criteria 
of Independence as prescribed both under the Act and SEBI LODR 
and there has been no change in the circumstances which may affect 
their status as Independent Directors during the year. 
All Independent Directors have registered themselves with the 
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs for the inclusion of their name 
in the data bank of independent directors, pursuant to the provision 
of Rule 6 (1) of Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014. Further, they have confirmed that they shall 
comply with other requirements, as applicable under the said rule.
During the year under review, the non-executive directors of the 
Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions with the 
Company. One of the Directors holds 8128 Equity shares of the 
Company and is entitled to all rights and obligations as of other 
shareholders. 
Independent Directors are familiarized with their roles, rights and 
responsibilities in the Company. 
Further Mr. Ravinder Prem, Mr. Nirmal Jagawat and Ms. Rupa Khanna 
ceased to be Director of the Company with effect from the closure of 
business hours of  March 31, 2024. 
As on date of this report, Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani, Managing 
Director, Mr. Vikram Nagar, Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Rupa 
Khanna, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer are the Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company appointed with effect from 
April 1, 2024.
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 
The details pertaining to the composition of the Audit Committee 
of the Board of Directors are included in the Corporate Governance 
Report which forms part of this report. 
Meetings of the Board 
The Board met at least once in each quarter and 6 (six) meetings of the 
Board were held during the year and the maximum time gap between 
two Board meetings did not exceed the time limit prescribed in the Act. 
The details have been provided in the Corporate Governance Report. 
Directors’ Responsibility Statement 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(5) of the Act, the 
Directors, based on the representations received from the operating 
management, confirm that: 
(i) in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable 
accounting standards have been followed along with proper 
explanation relating to material departures; 
(ii) they have selected such accounting policies and applied 
them consistently and made judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of 
the state of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial 
year and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period; 
(iii) they have taken proper and sufficient care to the best of 
their knowledge and ability for the maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of this 
Act, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and detecting 
fraud and other irregularities; 
(iv) they have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern 
basis; 
(v) they have laid down internal financial controls to be followed 
by the Company and that such internal financial controls are 
adequate and are operating effectively; and 
(vi) they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with 
the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems are 
adequate and operating effectively. 
Audit Report 
There are no qualifications stated in the audit report and hence 
there is nothing specific to comment on the Audit Report, other 
===== [PAGE 20 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
17
Annual Report 2023-24
than the comments mentioned in the report itself, which are self-
explanatory. 
Auditors and Audit Report 
Statutory Auditors 
Pursuant to the provisions of section 139 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, M/s Sharp & Tannan  
Associates (ICAI Firm Registration No.109983W) are Statutory 
Auditors of the Company till the conclusion of the 5 th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company. 
The Audit Report forms part of the Annual Report. The Auditors have 
referred to certain matters in their report on Financial Statements to 
the shareholders, which read with relevant notes forming part of the 
accounts, is self - explanatory. 
Cost Auditors 
The Cost Audit for ‘Precision Tool Business’ was conducted by 
Kishore Bhatia & Associates the Cost Auditor of Forbes & Company 
Limited for 11 months April 1, 2023 to February 29, 2024. Since the 
appointed dated of the scheme of arrangement was April 1, 2023 
the Company would be required to undertake the cost audit for the 
‘Precision Tool Business’ for the Financial Year 2023-24 from 
Kishore Bhatia & Associates.
As on the date of the report the Board of Directors of the Company 
have, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, appointed 
M/s. Kishore Bhatia & Associates, Cost Accountants, as Cost 
Auditors for the FY 2023-24 and 2024-25 on a remuneration of  
` 2.5 lakhs plus applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses for each 
financial year i.e 2023-24 and 2024-25. 
Secretarial Audit 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act and the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Company has appointed MMJB & 
Associates LLP, Practicing Company Secretaries, to undertake the 
Secretarial Audit of the Company. The Report of the Secretarial 
Auditor is annexed herewith as Annexure ‘II’. 
The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain any qualification, 
reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer. 
Secretarial Standards 
The Company has complied with the applicable provisions of the 
Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries 
of India. 
Particular of Employees and Energy Conservation, Technology 
Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo 
(a) The information required pursuant to Section 197 of the 
Act read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 in 
respect of employees of the Company, will be provided 
upon request. In terms of Section 136 of the Act, the Report 
and Accounts are being sent to the Members, excluding the 
information on employees’ particulars which is available  
for inspection by the Members at the Registered Office of 
the Company during the business hours on working days 
of the Company. Any member interested in obtaining such 
particulars may write to the Company Secretary at the 
Registered Office of the Company. 
(b) Information relating to the Conservation of Energy, 
Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and 
Outgo stipulated under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read 
with Rule 8 of The Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is 
annexed herewith as Annexure ‘III’. 
Annual Return 
Pursuant to section 92(3) read with section 134(3)(a) of the Act, the 
Annual Return as on March 31, 2024 is available on the website of 
the Company viz. www.forbesprecision.co.in
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016 
During the financial year, neither any application nor any proceding is 
initiated against the Company under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy 
Code 2016. 
Settlement with Banker or Financial Institutions 
During the financial year no settlements were made by the Company 
with any Banks or Financial Institutions. 
Cautionary Statement 
Statements in the Board’s Report and the Management Discussion 
& Analysis describing the Company’s objectives, expectations or 
forecasts may be forward-looking within the meaning of applicable 
securities laws and regulations. Actual results may differ materially 
from those expressed in the statement. Important factors that could 
influence the Company’s operations include global and domestic 
demand and supply, input costs, availability, changes in government 
regulations, tax laws, economic developments within the country 
and other factors such as litigation and industrial relations. 
Acknowledgements 
Your Directors acknowledge and thank all stakeholders of the 
Company viz. customers, members, employees, dealers, vendors, 
banks and other business partners for their valuable sustained 
support and encouragement. Your Directors look forward to 
receiving similar support and encouragement from all stakeholders 
in the years ahead. 
For and on behalf of the Board 
Marzin R. Shroff 
Chairman 
DIN: 00642613 
Mumbai, May 6, 2024 
===== [PAGE 21 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
18
“Annexure I”
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY REGULATORY FRAMEWORK
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK
I  SECTION 178 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
• The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall identify 
persons who are qualified to become directors and who may 
be appointed in senior management in accordance with the 
criteria laid down, recommend to the Board their appointment 
and removal and shall Carry out evaluation of every Directors 
performance.
• The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall 
formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive 
attributes and independence of a director and recommend 
to the Board a policy, relating to the remuneration for the 
directors, key managerial personnel and other employees.
• The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall, while 
formulating the policy as aforesaid shall ensure that:
 (a) the level and composition of remuneration is 
reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate 
directors of the quality required to run the company 
successfully;
 (b) relationship of remuneration to performance is clear 
and meets appropriate performance benchmarks; and
 (c) remuneration to directors, key managerial personnel 
and senior management involves a balance between 
fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long-term 
performance objectives appropriate to the working of 
the company and its goals:
II  SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations 2015
Schedule II Part D of Regulation 19 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015 (SEBI LODR) 
provides that role of Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
shall, inter-alia, include the following:
• Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive 
attributes and independence of a director and recommend to the 
Board a policy, relating to the remuneration of the directors, key 
managerial personnel and other employees;
• For every appointment of an independent director, the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the 
balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board 
and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of 
the role and capabilities required of an independent director. 
The person recommended to the Board for appointment as 
an independent director shall have the capabilities identified 
in such description. For the purpose of identifying suitable 
candidates, the Committee may:
 a.  use the services of an external agencies, if required;
 b.  consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, 
having due regard to diversity; and
 c.  consider the time commitments of the candidates.
• Formulation of criteria for evaluation of Independent 
Directors and the Board;
• Devising a policy on Board diversity;
• identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and 
who may be appointed in senior management in accordance 
with the criteria laid down and recommend to the board of 
directors their appointment and removal.
• whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the 
independent director, on the basis of the report of performance 
evaluation of independent directors.
• Recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever 
form, payable to senior management.
• Carrying out any other functions as may be delegated by the 
Board of Directors of the Company, as provided under the 
Companies Act, the SEBI LODR or any other applicable law, 
as and when amended from time to time
The company shall disclose the remuneration policy and the 
evaluation criteria in its Annual Report.
DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATION
In this Policy unless the context otherwise requires:
Act shall mean the Companies Act, 2013.
Board shall mean Board of Directors of the Company. (Forbes 
Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited).
Charter shall mean Charter for Performance Evaluation of the 
Directors, Committees and Board of Directors adopted by the Board 
of Directors of the Company as amended from time to time.
KMPs or Key Managerial Personnel shall mean following:
a.  Managing Director (MD), or Chief Executive Officer or 
Manager and in their absence, Whole time Director;
b.  Company Secretary; and
c.  Chief Financial Officer
NRC shall mean Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
Senior Management shall mean the officers and personnel of 
the listed entity who are members of its core management team, 
excluding the Board of Directors, and shall also comprise all the 
members of the management one level below the Chief Executive 
Officer or Managing Director or Whole Time Director or Manager 
(including Chief Executive Officer and Manager, in case they are 
not part of the Board of Directors) and shall specifically include 
the functional heads, by whatever name called and the Company 
Secretary and the Chief Financial Officer.”
===== [PAGE 22 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
19
Annual Report 2023-24
INTERPRETATION
i. The provisions of the Act and the SEBI LODR shall be deemed 
to have been mutatis mutandis specifically incorporated in 
this Policy and in case any of the provision of this Charter is 
inconsistent with the provisions of Act and/or the SEBI LODR, 
the provisions of Act and/or the SEBI LODR shall prevail.
ii. The capitalized words not specifically defined in the Policy 
shall have the same meaning as under the Act or the SEBI 
LODR or the Charter.
iii. For interpretation of this Policy, reference and reliance may 
be placed upon circulars/clarifications issued by the Ministry 
of the Corporate Affairs or SEBI and/or any other authority.
OBJECTIVES
The Objective of this Policy is to act as a guideline for determining, 
inter-alia, qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a 
Director, matters relating to the remuneration, appointment, removal 
and evaluation of performance of the Directors, KMPs, Senior 
Management Personnel and includes:
• Ensuing that the level and composition of remuneration is 
reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate 
directors of the quality required to run the Company 
successfully;
• Ensuing that the relationship of remuneration to performance 
is clear and meets appropriate performance benchmarks;
• Ensuing that the remuneration to Directors, KMPs, and other 
Senior Management Personnel of the Company involves a 
fine balance between fixed and incentive pay reflecting short 
and long-term performance objectives appropriate to the 
working of the Company and its goals;
• To lay down criteria and terms and conditions with regard 
to identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors 
(Executive and Non-executive) and persons who may be 
appointed in Senior Management, KMPs and to determine 
their remuneration;
• To determine remuneration based on the Company’s size and 
financial position and trends and practices on remuneration 
prevailing in the industry;
• To retain, motivate and promote talent and to ensure long 
term sustainability of talented managerial persons and create 
competitive advantage; and
• To lay down criteria for appointment, removal of directors, 
KMPs and Senior Management Personnel and evaluation of 
their performance.
FUNCTIONS OF NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION 
COMMITTEE
The NRC shall, inter-alia, perform the following functions:
• Identify persons who are qualified to become Directors in 
accordance with the criteria laid down, recommend to the 
Board their appointment and removal and shall Carry out 
evaluation of every Directors performance.;
• Formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive 
attributes and independence of a director and recommend 
to the Board a policy, relating to the remuneration for the 
directors, key managerial personnel and other employees;
• Determine the criteria for selection, attributes and broad 
parameters for appointment of KMPs, evaluation and 
measurement of performance of KMPs and to recommend 
appointments of KMPs to the Board.
• Determine the criteria for selection, compensation structure, 
evaluation and measurement of performance of Senior 
Management Personnel.
• Ensure that the Board comprises of a balanced combination 
of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors and also 
the Independent Directors;
• Devise framework to ensure that Directors are inducted 
through suitable familiarization process covering their roles, 
responsibility and liability;
• Oversee the formulation and implementation of ESOP 
Schemes, its administration, supervision, and formulating 
detailed terms and conditions in accordance with SEBI 
Guidelines;
• Devise a policy/criteria on Board diversity;
• The NRC shall assist the Board in ensuring that plans are in 
place for orderly succession for appointments to the Board 
and to senior management; and
• Set up mechanism to carry out its functions and is further 
authorized to delegate any / all of its powers to any of the 
Directors and / or officers of the Company, as deemed 
necessary for proper and expeditious execution.
APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS
• The NRC shall ensure that Board has appropriate balance 
of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives that are 
imperative for the execution of its business strategy, and 
consider various factors including but not limited to skills, 
industry experience, background, race and gender for 
balanced and diversified Board.
• The NRC shall identify and ascertain the integrity, 
qualification, expertise and experience of the person for 
appointment as Director, KMPs and recommend to the Board 
his/her appointment.
• An Independent Director shall also have experience and 
knowledge in one or more fields of finance, law, management, 
marketing, sales, administration, corporate governance, or 
any other disciplines related to the business of the Company.
• Appointment of Independent Directors shall be subject to 
compliance of provisions of section 149 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, read with schedule IV and rules thereunder. An 
Independent Director shall hold office for a term up to five 
consecutive years on the Board of the Company and will be 
eligible for re- appointment on passing of a special resolution 
by the Company and disclosure(s) of such appointment in 
the Board's report. No Independent Director shall hold office 
===== [PAGE 23 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
20
for more than two consecutive terms, but such Independent 
Director shall be eligible for appointment after expiry of 
three years of ceasing to become an Independent Director.
• The NRC shall recommend appointment or re-appointment 
of Managing Director (MD) for a term not exceeding five 
years at a time. No re-appointment shall be made earlier than 
one year before the expiry of term.
• The NRC may recommend, to the Board with reasons 
recorded in writing, removal of a Director, KMPs or Senior 
Management Personnel subject to the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, and all other applicable Acts, Rules 
and Regulations, if any.
• The Directors, KMPs and Senior Management Personnel 
shall retire as per the applicable provisions of the Regulations 
and the prevailing policy of the Company. The NRC shall 
from time to time recommend, review and revise, if required 
the retirement policy for Directors, KMPs and Senior 
Management Personnel.
• The Board will have the discretion to retain the Director, 
KMPs and Senior Management Personnel in the same 
position/remuneration or otherwise even after attaining the 
retirement age, for the benefit of the Company.
• The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the 
Chief Internal Auditor shall be subject to review by the Audit 
Committee.
REMUNERATION OF MD
• The remuneration/ to the Managing Director will be 
determined by the NRC and recommended to the Board for 
approval. The remuneration/ compensation/profit-linked 
commission etc. shall be in accordance with the percentage/
slabs/conditions laid down in the Articles of Association 
of the Company, Act and shall be subject to the prior/post 
approval of the members of the Company and Central 
Government, wherever required.
• Increments to the MD should be within the slabs approved by 
the members and shall be made after taking into consideration 
the Company’s overall performance, MD’s contribution for 
the same, trends in the industry in general and in a manner 
which would ensure and support a high performance culture. 
The MD shall be eligible for remuneration as may be approved 
by the members of the Company on the recommendation of 
the NRC and the Board of Directors. The break- up of the 
pay scale, performance bonus and quantum of perquisites 
including, employer’s contribution to P.F, pension scheme, 
medical expenses, club fees etc. shall be decided and 
approved by the Board on the recommendation of the NRC 
and shall be within the overall remuneration approved by the 
members and Central Government, wherever required. If, in 
any financial year, the Company has no profits or its profits 
are inadequate, the Company shall pay remuneration to its 
MD in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and if it is not able to comply with such provisions, then 
with the approval of the Central Government.
• The Remuneration to MD shall involve a balance between 
fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long term 
performance and objectives appropriate to working of the 
Company and its goals.
• The Non-Executive Directors (Including Independent 
Directors) of the Company shall be paid sitting fees as per the 
applicable Regulations as approved by the Board from time 
to time. The boarding and lodging expenses of Directors for 
attending meetings shall be reimbursed to the Directors based 
out of Mumbai.
• The profit-linked Commission shall be paid within the 
monetary limit approved by the members of the Company 
subject to the same not exceeding 1% of the net profits of the 
Company computed as per the applicable provisions of the 
Regulations.
• Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, an Independent Director 
shall not be entitled to any stock option of the Company.
• Only such employees of the Company and its subsidiaries as 
approved by the NRC will be granted ESOPs.
FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTORS
• Company’s Corporate Profile, Organizational structure, the 
latest Annual Report, Code of Conduct, Policies and Charters 
applicable to Directors shall be provided to all Directors at 
the time of joining.
• A detailed Appointment Letter incorporating the role, 
duties and responsibilities, remuneration and performance 
evaluation process, code of conduct and obligations on 
disclosures shall be issued to the Independent Directors.
• The company shall provide suitable training to Independent 
Directors/Non-Executive Directors to familiarize them 
with the company, their roles, rights, responsibilities in 
the company, nature of the industry in which the company 
operates, business model of the company, etc. and they shall 
be formally introduced to the Business/ Unit Heads and 
Corporate Functional Heads.
UPDATING THE DIRECTORS ON A CONTINUING BASIS
• The Company shall periodically arrange Board Strategy 
discussions at any of the Company’s plants or off-site 
locations. At such Meetings, the Directors also get an 
opportunity to see the Company’s operations, interact with 
the Plant Heads and review the sustainability aspects of the 
Plant. This would enable them to gain an understanding 
and appreciation of the operations of the Company and 
initiatives taken on safety, quality, environment issues, CSR, 
Sustainability, etc.
• At the Board Strategy Meeting, presentations shall be made 
to the Directors on the Company’s long-term Vision and 
Strategy. Business Heads may also present their plans and 
priorities with the Board. This would enable the Directors to 
get a deeper insight in the operations of the Company.
===== [PAGE 24 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
21
Annual Report 2023-24
• Periodic presentations on operations to the Board shall include 
information on business performance, operations, market 
share, financial parameters, working capital management, 
fund flows, senior management changes, major litigation, 
compliances, subsidiary data, etc.
• Business Heads and Company Executives may be invited at 
Board or Committee Meetings and meetings of Directors for 
better understanding of the business and operations of the 
Company.
REMUNERATION TO KMPs AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
• The level and composition to be paid to KMPs and Senior 
Management shall be reasonable and sufficient to attract, 
retain and motivate them and shall be also guided by external 
competitiveness and internal parity.
• The remuneration of KMPs and Senior Management 
Personnel shall be guided by the external competitiveness 
and internal parity. Internally, performance rating of all 
employees would be spread across a normal distribution 
curve.
• The remuneration of KMPs and Senior Management shall 
comply with the guidelines approved by the NRC.
For and on behalf of the Board
Marzin R. Shroff
Chairman
DIN: 00642613
Mumbai, May 6, 2024
===== [PAGE 25 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
22
“Annexure II”
FORM NO. MR.3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
(Subject to requirement) for the Financial Year Ended March 31, 2024
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 9 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014]
To,
The Members,
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg Fort,
Mumbai - 400001, Maharashtra, India
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of 
applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited 
(hereinafter called ‘the Company’). Secretarial Audit was conducted 
in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating 
the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our 
opinion thereon.
Auditor’s Responsibility:
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the compliance of 
the applicable laws and maintenance of records based on audit. We 
have conducted the audit in accordance with the applicable Auditing 
Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. 
The Auditing Standards requires that the Auditor shall comply with 
statutory and regulatory requirements and plan and perform the audit 
to obtain reasonable assurance about compliance with applicable 
laws and maintenance of records.
Based on our verification of the Company’s  books, papers, minute 
books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the 
Company and also the information provided by the Company, its 
officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of 
secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company 
has, during the financial year ended on March 31, 2024 (hereinafter 
called the ‘Audit Period’) complied with the statutory provisions 
listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the 
manner and reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and 
returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the 
financial year ended on March 31, 2024 according to the provisions 
of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), and the rules made there 
under;
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) 
and the rules made there under;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed there under;
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign 
Direct Investment (Overseas Direct Investment and External 
Commercial Borrowings are not applicable to the Company 
during the Audit Period);
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI 
Act’): -
 a. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011; (Not Applicable to the Company 
during the Audit Period)
 b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; 
(Not Applicable to the Company during the Audit 
Period)
 c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018; (Not Applicable to the Company during the 
Audit Period)
 d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share 
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021; (Not Applicable to the Company 
during the Audit Period)
 e. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and 
Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 
2021; (Not Applicable to the Company during the 
Audit Period)
 f. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and 
dealing with client;
 g. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; (Not Applicable 
to the Company during the Audit Period); and
 h. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not Applicable to 
the Company during the Audit Period)
(vi) As identified, no law is specifically applicable to the 
Company.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of 
the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India.
(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
===== [PAGE 26 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
23
Annual Report 2023-24
Obligations and Disclosure requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(Not Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period)
During the Audit Period under review, the Company has complied 
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, 
Standards etc. as mentioned above.
We further report that
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with 
proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, 
and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the 
Board of Directors that took place during the period under review 
were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board 
Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least 
seven days in advance (except in four cases where meetings were 
convened at a shorter notice for which necessary approvals obtained 
as per applicable provisions) and a system exists for seeking and 
obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items 
before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings are carried 
out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the 
Board of Directors or Committee of the Board, as the case may be.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes 
in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the 
Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, 
rules, regulations, and guidelines.
We further report that, during the audit period the Company has
1) taken shareholders’ approval in extraordinary general meeting 
held on January 16, 2024 for the following transactions:
 a) increase in authorised share capital from 50,000 
equity share capital of ₹10 each to 7,80,00,000 equity 
share capital of ₹10 each. Consequently, amended its 
Clause V of its Memorandum of Association of the 
Company.
 b) Special resolution passed under section 180 (1)(a) and 
Section 180(1)(c) of the Act to borrow up to an amount 
not exceeding ₹ 500 Crore at any point of time.
 c) Special resolution passed under section 185 of the Act 
for an amount not exceeding ₹ 500 Crore at any point 
of time.
 d)  Special resolution passed under section 186 of the Act 
for an amount not exceeding ₹ 500 Crore at any point 
of time.
 e)  Special resolution passed for alteration of Articles of 
Association of Company by adding two Clause.
2) The Hon’ble Mumbai Bench of National Company Law 
Tribunal (NCLT) had passed an Order dated February 9, 
2024 approving the Scheme of Arrangement between Forbes 
& Company Limited (Demerged Company) and Forbes 
Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited (Resulting 
Company) and their respective Shareholders. Certified copy 
of the NCLT Order dated February 9, 2024 was received on 
February 22, 2024.
3) The Company has issued and allotted 5,15,94,464 (Five Crores 
Fifteen Lakhs Ninety-four thousand four hundred sixty-four 
only) Equity Shares of ₹ 10/- each at par aggregating to total 
value of ₹ 51,59,44,640/- (Rupees Fifty-One Crores Fifty-
Nine Lakhs Forty-Four Thousand Six Hundred Forty only) 
to the shareholders of Forbes & Company Limited on March 
13, 2024 
4) In the Board Meeting dated February 29, 2024 the Company 
has passed the resolution for appointment of Managing 
Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer, w.e.f. April 1, 2024 and designated them 
as Key Managerial Personnel under Section 203 of the Act.
For MMJB & Associates LLP
Company Secretaries
Omkar Dindorkar
Designated Partner
ACS: 43029
CP: 24580
PR: 2826/2022
UDIN: A043029F000316225
Date: May 6, 2024
Place: Mumbai  
* This report is to be read with our letter of event date which is 
annexed as Annexure A and which forms an integral part of this 
report.
===== [PAGE 27 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
24
Annexure ‘A’
To,
The Members,
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg Fort,
Mumbai - 400001, Maharashtra, India
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion 
on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the 
contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial 
records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For MMJB & Associates LLP
Company Secretaries
Omkar Dindorkar 
Designated Partner
ACS: 43029
CP: 24580 
PR: 2826/2022
UDIN: A043029F000316225
Date: May 06, 2024  
Place: Mumbai   
===== [PAGE 28 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
25
“Annexure III”
Particulars of Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo, as per section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 
2013 and the Rules made therein and forming part of Directors’ Report for the year ended March 31, 2024. 
(A)  Conservation of Energy:
 (i)  Steps taken or impact on conservation of energy:
  (a)  ENERGY CONSERVATION MEASURES TAKEN:
   Company has installed APFC panel & Harmonic filter panel to enhance power quality and maintain power factor, 
resulting in average monthly power savings of 5500 KWH (Annual saving 67,000 KWH) due to Harmonic filters & 
Stacom panels installations, leading to a total annual cost saving of ` 6.43 Lacs. 
  (b)  Impact of measures taken at (a) above for reduction of energy consumption and impact on cost of goods:
   (1)  Steps taken by the Company for utilising alternate sources of energy:
    Effective utilization of rooftop solar system resulted in saving 1 MWH of power annually.
   (2)  Capital investment on energy conservation equipment:
    Investment in energy conservation equipment (rooftop solar system) amounted to ` 301 lakhs.
(B)  Technology Absorption and Research and Development (R & D):
 i. Efforts made towards technology & Benefits derived because of the below activities:
  a) Advanced edge preparation technology utilized for micro-geometry improvements, aiding in acquiring business in 
Aerospace machining tools solutions. Additionally, cutting-edge CNC measurement technology installed for precise 
measurements, with a total investment of 150 lacs.
  b) Upgradation of simulation software to facilitate CAE activities for design validations.
 ii. In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial year)
a) the details of technology imported Advanced edge preparation technology utilized for micro-geometry 
improvements, aiding in acquiring business in Aerospace machining tools 
solutions. Additionally, cutting-edge CNC measurement technology installed 
for precise measurements, with a total investment of 150 lacs .
b) the year of import 2023
c)  whether the technology been fully 
absorbed
Yes
d) if not fully absorbed, areas where 
absorption has not taken place and the 
reasons thereof, and 
NA
 iii. the expenditure incurred on Research and Development :
  Nil
 iv. Quality Management System Initiative:
  The operations of this company is a result of the demerger of the Precision Tools business and the quality certifications were 
part of this entity. With the demerger, this company does not have any Quality Certification in its name, but the process to get 
these certification in its current year . We are confident that all the existing certification in the erstwhile company will be now 
obtained in the name of the new company.
===== [PAGE 29 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
26
 v. Personnel
  All personnel – technical, sales , Supply chain , finance, HRM and other support staff engaged in the business of Precision 
Tools business are now the employees of your company as a result of the demerger of that business from Forbes and Company 
Limited to your company. The transition of the personnel has been smooth without any hitch.
  While on the subject, your company has also signed an labour settlement agreement with the employee union and a agreement 
has been arrived and signed for the next 5 years starting beginning of 2024.
(C) Foreign exchange earnings and outgo:
 (a) Foreign exchange earnings:
  ` in Lakhs
1. Export of goods calculated on FOB basis 3834.10
2. Commission and other Services 0.00
3. Freight and Insurance recoveries 15.11
4. Others 0.00
Total 3849.21
 (b) Foreign exchange outgo:
   ` in Lakhs
Imports calculated on CIF basis – Raw material 2,885.65
Imports calculated on CIF basis – Components 0.00
Imports calculated on CIF basis –stores, spares and tools  235.10
Imports calculated on CIF basis – purchase for re-sale  62.46
Imports calculated on CIF basis – Capital Goods  489.80
Commission to overseas agents  21.57
Foreign travel  23.79
Royalty 0.00
Others 129.00
Total 3,847.37
For and on behalf of the Board
Marzin R. Shroff
Chairman
DIN: 00642613
Mumbai, May 6, 2024
===== [PAGE 30 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT FOR FY 2023 - 2024
adequate disclosure of Price Sensitive Information to the investors by 
the Company to enable them to take informed investment decisions 
with regard to the Company’s securities. The Chief Financial Officer 
of the Company is responsible for implementation of the Code.
Board of Directors
Prior to March 31, 2024 the Board comprised of Mr. Nirmal Jagawat, 
Mr. Ravinder Prem and Ms. Rupa Khanna. All Directors were Non- 
Executive, Non-Independent Director. Further they ceased to be 
Directors of the Company with effect from the closure of business 
hours of March 31, 2024.
Further with effect from March 30, 2024 Mr. Marzin R. Shroff,  
Mr. Jai Mavani were appointed as Non- Executive, Non- Independent 
Directors and Mr. D.Sivanandhan, Mr. Nikhil Bhatia and Mrs. Rani 
Jadhav were appointed as Non- Executive, Independent Directors. 
Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani was appointed as Managing Director with 
effect from April 1, 2024. Their appointment was regularised by the 
Shareholders at their meeting held on February 29, 2024.
As on date of this report the Board of Directors comprised of Six (6) 
Directors. The Chairman of the Board is Non-Executive. Five (5) 
(83%) Directors are Non-Executive and 3 (50%) of the six of them 
are Independent Directors.
The composition of the Board is in conformity with Regulation 17 
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI LODR’).
The Company has appointed Mr. Marzin R. Shroff as the Chairman 
of the Company with effect from May 6, 2024.
The Company is managed by the Managing Director under the 
supervision, direction and control of the Board. The Managing 
Director is assisted by a team of highly qualified and experienced 
professionals. None of the Independent Directors serve as 
Independent Director in more than seven listed entities. None of the 
Directors of the Company are members in more than 10 mandatory 
committees nor act as a Chairman in more than 5 mandatory 
committees of public companies.
The Board met at least once in each quarter and the maximum time gap 
between two Board meetings did not exceed the time limit prescribed 
in Section 173 of the Companies Act, 2013. 6 (Six) meetings were held 
during the Financial Year (FY) ended March 31, 2024 on May 16, 2023, 
August 3, 2023, October 18, 2023, January 11, 2024, February 29, 2024 
and March 29, 2024. The necessary quorum was present for all the 
meetings. Video conferencing facility was provided, wherever required 
to enable Directors to participate in meetings.
The terms and conditions of appointment of the Independent Directors 
are available on the website of the Company www.forbesprecision.
co.in/. The company has not conducted familiarization program to the 
Independent directors for the reporting period (FY 2023-24). The same 
shall be implemented by the Company from the upcoming Financial 
Year onwards.
Based on the declarations received from the Independent Directors, the 
Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions 
specified in the SEBI LODR and are independent of the Management.
Corporate Governance Policy
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the SEBI 
(LODR)) shall become applicable to the Company after listing of 
shares pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement, i.e. the date when 
the equity shares of the Company get listed on BSE Limited (‘BSE’). 
During the financial year 2023-24, the Company was unlisted public 
limited company. Therefore, various provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 viz; related to Independent Directors, Committee etc. 
were not applicable to the Company. In addition, SEBI (LODR) 
were also not applicable to the Company.
The Company believes in the highest standards of good and ethical 
corporate governance practices. Good governance practices stem 
from the culture and mindset of the organization. It is therefore not 
merely about enacting policies, regulations and procedures but also 
about establishing an environment of trust and confidence among 
various shareholders.
The Company’s philosophy on the Code of Governance is that the 
Company should follow contemporary corporate practices and the 
guiding principle of the Code of Governance of the Company is 
Harmony i.e.:
(a) Balancing need for transparency with the need to protect the 
interest of the Company;
(b) Balancing the need for empowerment at all levels with the 
need for accountability; and
(c) Interaction with all stakeholders including shareholders, 
employees, lenders and regulatory authorities.
Code of Conduct
The Company follows/believes in fair, transparent and ethical 
governance practices. The Code has been communicated to the 
Directors and the Members of the Senior Management. The Company 
has also adopted a Code of Conduct for Non-Executive Directors of the 
Company. All Board Members and Senior Management have confirmed 
compliance with the Code for the year ended March 31, 2024. The Non-
Executive Directors of the Company have also confirmed compliance 
with the Code of Conduct for the Non-Executive Directors for the year 
ended March 31, 2024. The Annual Report contains a declaration to this 
effect signed by the Managing Director.
Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure and Conduct
As the Company has applied for listing of its securities on BSE 
Limited, and in line of good corporate governance practice has 
in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, has framed 
a Code for Prevention of Insider Trading & Code of Corporate 
Disclosure Practices (“Insider Trading Code”) based on the principle 
that Directors, Officers, and Employees of the Company owe a 
fiduciary duty to the Members of the Company to place the interest of 
the Members above their own and conduct their personal securities 
transactions in a manner that does not create any conflict of interest 
situation. The Insider Trading Code also seeks to ensure timely and 
===== [PAGE 31 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
28
 Pursuant to Rule 8(4) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 the paid-up capital of the Company is below the threshold limit for the performance evaluation of Board. Hence, the 
requirement of formal annual evaluation by the Board of its own performance and that of its committees and individual Directors for the FY 2023 – 2024 is not applicable.
All the information required to be placed before the Board of Directors has been duly placed. The Agenda along with explanatory notes are sent in advance to the Directors.
The names and categories of the Directors on the Board, their attendance at the Board Meetings and Annual General Meeting (AGM) held during the year, the number of Chairmanships 
/Directorships of all Boards excluding alternate directorship, directorship of private limited companies, foreign companies and companies under Section 8 of the Act, and the Committees 
of Board (Chairmanship /Membership of Board Committees include only Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee across all public limited companies (listed as 
well as unlisted) including those of the Company), held by them as on the date of this report are as follows
Name of the Director Category Number of Board 
Meetings during 
the F.Y 2023-24
Attendance 
at AGM 
held on 
August 9, 
2023
Number 
of Shares/ 
Convertible 
instruments 
held
Relation- 
ship with 
Director
No. of 
Directorships 
in all Public 
Companies
No. of Committee 
positions held in all 
Public Companies
Directorship in other listed entity (Category 
of Directorship)
Held Attended Chairman Member
Mr. Nirmal Jagawat* 
DIN: 01854117
Non- Executive,  
Non-Independent
6 6 Yes Nil None 4 Nil Nil Nil
Mr. Ravinder Prem*  
DIN : 07771465
Non- Executive,  
Non-Independent
6 5 Yes Nil None 4 Nil Nil Nil
Ms. Rupa Khanna*  
DIN: 09721876
Non- Executive,  
Non-Independent
6 5 Yes Nil None 2 Nil Nil Nil
Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani$ 
DIN:01423084
Non-Independent, Executive 6 NA No Nil None 3 Nil Forbes & Company Limited (Executive Non 
Independent)
Mr. Jai Mavani@ 
DIN:05260191
Non- Executive,  
Non-Independent
6 0 No 8,128 None 4 Nil Nil Forbes & Company Limited (Non Executive 
Non Independent)
Mr. Marzin R. Shroff @
DIN: 00642613
Non- Executive,  
Non-Independent
6 0 No Nil None Nil Nil Nil Nil
Mr. D. Sivanandhan@
DIN:03607203
Non-Executive, Independent 6 0 No Nil None 8 3 6 1. United Spirits Limited (Independent)
2.  Kirloskar Industries Limited 
(Independent)
3. Inditrade Capital Limited (Independent)
4.  AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
(Independent)
5. Forbes & Company Limited (Independent)
Ms. Rani Ajit Jadhav @
DIN:07070938
Non-Executive, Independent 6 0 No Nil None 3 1 3 1.  Procter & Gamble Health Limited 
(Independent)
2. Forbes & Company Limited (Independent)
Mr. Nikhil Bhatia  @ 
DIN: 00414281
Non-Executive, Independent 6 0 No Nil None 4 2 0 1. Gokak Textiles Limited (Independent)
2. Forbes & Company Limited (Independent)
* Ceased as Director with effect from the closure of business hours of March 31, 2024
$ Appointed as Managing Director with effect from April 1, 2024
@ Appointed as Director with effect from March 30, 2024
The Board had identified following skills/expertise/competencies for effective functioning of the Company which are currently available with the Board:
===== [PAGE 32 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
29
Annual Report 2023-24
● Marketing, Sales and Synergies
● Finance, Strategy and HR Management; and
● Corporate Governance and Administration
The specific areas of skills/expertise/competences of the individual 
Directors as on date is given below:
Director Areas of Skills/Expertise/Competence
Mr. Marzin R. 
Shroff
Chairman
Direct Selling, Digital, Advertising, 
Strategy, Luxury Branding and 
International Business
Mr. Mahesh C. 
Tahilyani 
Managing Director
Business management and Administration, 
Finance and control, IT-Digital Strategy, 
Building High Performance Teams, 
Corporate Governance.
Mr. D Sivanadhan 
Non-Executive – 
Independent
Public Policy and General Administration, 
Business Development, Business and 
Corporate Governance, Security - ITS 
Domain Expertise.
Mr. Jai Mavani
Non-Executive 
Non- Independent 
Director
Fund raising, business structuring, Finance 
and Tax, Mergers & Acquisitions and 
Business Governance.
Ms. Rani A. Jadhav 
Non-Executive – 
Independent
Public Policy and General Administration, 
Corporate Governance and Administration.
Mr. Nikhil Bhatia 
Non-Executive – 
Independent
Risk Management, Taxation and related 
Regulatory, Business structuring and 
Governance.
Familiarization Programme for Independent Directors
At the time of appointment of an Independent Director, a formal 
letter of appointment is given to him/her, which inter alia explains 
the role, function, duties and responsibilities expected from him/ 
her as a Director of the Company. The Independent Directors of the 
Company were also provided with necessary documents/ brochures, 
reports and internal policies to familiarize them about the industry, 
business operations and functioning of various divisions/departments 
of the Company. The Company has not conducted familiarization 
program to the Independent directors for the reporting period (FY 
2023-24). The same shall be implemented by the Company from the 
upcoming Financial Year onwards.
Meeting of Independent Directors
During the FY 2023- 24 there was no meeting of Independent 
Director. 
CEO/CFO Certification
Regulation 17(8) of SEBI LODR, though not applicable to the 
Company, the certificate from Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani, Managing 
Director and Mr. Vikram Nagar, Chief Financial Officer was placed 
before the Board of Directors as a good Corporate Governance 
practice.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee was constituted with effect from April 1, 2024. 
In compliance with section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of 
SEBI (LODR) 2015 the terms of reference of the Audit Committee 
were as under:
1) oversight of the listed entity’s financial reporting process and 
the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that the 
financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible;
2) recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of 
appointment of auditors of the listed entity; 
3) approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other 
services rendered by the statutory auditors; 
4) reviewing, with the management, the annual financial 
statements and auditor’s report thereon before submission to 
the board for approval, with particular reference to: 
 a) matters required to be included in the director’s 
responsibility statement to be included in the board’s 
report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section (3) of 
Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013; 
 b) changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices 
and reasons for the same; 
 c) major accounting entries involving estimates based on 
the exercise of judgment by management; 
 d) significant adjustments made in the financial 
statements arising out of audit findings; 
 e) compliance with listing and other legal requirements 
relating to financial statements;
 f) disclosure of any related party transactions;
 g) modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report; 
5) reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial 
statements before submission to the board for approval;
6) reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / 
application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, 
rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds 
utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer 
document / prospectus / notice and the report submitted by 
the monitoring agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds 
of a public issue or rights issue or preferential issue or 
qualified institutions placement, and making appropriate 
recommendations to the board to take up steps in this matter; 
7) reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence and 
performance, and effectiveness of audit process; 
8) approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of 
the listed entity with related parties; 
9) scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments; 
10) valuation of undertakings or assets of the listed entity, 
wherever it is necessary;
11) evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management 
systems; 
12) reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory 
===== [PAGE 33 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
30
and internal auditors, adequacy of the internal control 
systems; 
13) reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, 
including the structure of the internal audit department, 
staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, 
reporting structure coverage and frequency of internal audit;
14) discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings 
and follow up there on;
15) reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the 
internal auditors into matters where there is suspected fraud 
or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a 
material nature and reporting the matter to the board; 
16) discussion with statutory auditors before the audit 
commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well as 
post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern; 
17) to look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment 
to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders (in case of 
non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors; 
18) to review the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism;
19) approval of appointment of chief financial officer after 
assessing the qualifications, experience and background, etc. 
of the candidate; 
20) reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/
investment by the holding company in the subsidiary 
exceeding rupees 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the 
subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing loans / 
advances / investments existing as on the date of coming into 
force of this provision.
21) consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and impact 
of schemes involving merger, demerger, amalgamation etc., 
on the listed entity and its shareholders.
22) Carrying out any other functions required to be carried out 
by the Audit Committee, as may be decided by the Board 
and/or as provided under the Companies Act, the SEBI 
LODR Regulations or any other applicable law, as and when 
amended from time to time.
In addition to the above the Audit Committee will also reviews the  
information listed in Schedule II of Part C (B) of SEBI (LODR)
Composition of Audit Committee
The Audit Committee of the Board has been constituted in 
compliance with the provision of Regulation 18 of SEBI (LODR) 
LODR read with Section 177 of the Act. The Committee comprises 
of 3 members of whom 2 are Independent Non-Executive Directors 
and 1 Executive Director. The Chairman of the Audit Committee is 
an Independent Director.
All members are financially literate and at least one member has 
Accounting expertise.
The Audit Committee meetings will be attended by Chief Financial 
Officer, Statutory Auditors Internal Auditor and the functional heads 
as and when required. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary 
to the Committee. 
The Composition of the Committee is as follows:
Name of the Director Category
Mr. Nikhil Bhatia 
Chairman
Non-Executive, Independent Director
Mr. D. Sivanandhan Non-Executive, Independent Director
Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani Non-Independent, Executive Director
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
In compliance with Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 
of SEBI LODR, the Board had constituted Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee with effect from April 1, 2024. The 
Committee comprises of 3 members of whom 2 are Independent 
Non-Executive Directors and 1 Non- Executive, Non- Independent 
Director Independent Director. The Chairman of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee is an Independent Director.
The terms of reference of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee includes:
1) formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive 
attributes and independence of a director and recommend to the 
board of directors a policy relating to, the remuneration of the 
directors, key managerial personnel and other employees 
2) For every appointment of an independent director, the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the 
balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board 
and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of 
the role and capabilities required of an independent director. 
The person recommended to the Board for appointment as 
an independent director shall have the capabilities identified 
in such description. For the purpose of identifying suitable 
candidates, the Committee may 
 • use the services of an external agencies, if required;
 • consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, 
having due regard to diversity; and
 • consider the time commitments of the candidates.
3) formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of 
independent directors and the board of directors; 
4) devising a policy on diversity of board of directors; 
5) identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and 
who may be appointed in senior management in accordance 
with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the board of 
directors their appointment and removal. 
6) to recommend whether to extend or continue the term of 
appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the 
report of performance evaluation of independent directors. 
7) recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, 
payable to senior management. and
8) Carrying out any other functions as may be delegated by the 
Board of Directors of the Company, as provided under the 
===== [PAGE 34 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
31
Annual Report 2023-24
Companies Act, the SEBI LODR Regulations or any other 
applicable law, as and when amended from time to time.
 The Company’s policy on directors’ appointment and 
remuneration and other matters provided in Section 178(3) 
of the Act has been disclosed in the Board Report. The 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company 
has been uploaded on the website of the Company,  
www.forbesprecision.co.in/
The Committee will determines and recommends to the Board the 
compensation of the Managing Director. The Committee will make 
periodic appraisal of the performance of the Managing Director. The  
Company does not have stock options.
There was no Executive Director in the Company during  
FY 2023-24. Further, no remuneration/ sitting fee was paid to the 
non-executive directors of the Company during FY 2023-24.
The Composition of the Committee is as follows:
Name of the Director Category
Mr. D. Sivanandhan 
Chairman
Non-Executive, Independent Director
Mr. Marzin R. Shroff Non- Executive, Non-Independent Director
Mr. Nikhil Bhatia Non- Executive, Independent Director
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
In compliance with the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and 
Regulation 20 of SEBI LODR the Stakeholder Relationship 
Committee was constituted on April 1, 2024, the terms of reference 
of the ‘Stakeholders Relationship Committee’ includes:
a) Approval of Share Transfers / Deletion of Name/s 
/ Transposition of Name/s, Dematerialization / Re-
materialization of Shares;
b) Approval of Transmission of Shares;
c) Approval for issue of Duplicate/Replacement/Renewal of 
Share Certificates;
d) Resolution of all the grievances of the security holders;
e) Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting 
rights by shareholders;
f) Review of adherence to the service standards adopted in 
respect of various services being rendered by Registrar & 
Share Transfer Agents;
g) Review of the various measures and initiatives taken for 
reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring 
timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory 
notices by the shareholders of the company; and
h) Such other functions/duties as may be entrusted by the Board 
from time to time.
 The Committee comprises of 3 members of whom 2 are 
Independent Non-Executive Directors and 1 Executive 
Director.
 The Composition of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee 
is as follows:
Name of the Director Category
Mr. D. Sivanandhan – 
Chairman
Non-Executive, Independent 
Director
Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani Executive
Ms. Rani Jadhav Non-Executive, Independent 
Director
The Company Secretary functions as Compliance Officer.
During the year under review, no complaints were received by the 
Company. Further no transfers were pending as on March 31, 2024.
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Pursuant to section 135 of the Companies Act, a Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) Committee of the Board was constituted with 
effect from April 1, 2024. The Company has formulated a policy 
for its CSR activities and the duties and responsibilities of the 
Committee include-
a) formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the activities to be 
undertaken by the company in areas or subject, specified in 
Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013;
b) recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the 
activities referred above;
c) monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the 
company from time to time;
d) ensure that the activities as are included in Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy of the company are undertaken by the 
company;
e) Carrying out any other functions or duties as prescribed under 
Section 135 or other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder as amended from time 
to time or as may be entrusted by the Board from time to 
time.
The CSR committee comprises of 1 Independent Director and 2 
Non- Executive Non Independent Directors.
The Composition of the CSR Committee is as follows:
Name of Director Category
Mr. D. Sivanandhan Chairman Non-Executive,  
Independent Director
Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani Executive,  
Non-Independent Director
Mr. Jai Mavani Non-Executive,  
Non – Independent Director
===== [PAGE 35 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
32
General Body Meetings
The details of date, time and venue of the Annual General Meeting held during the last year till March 31, 2023 are as under:
Particulars Date Time Venue
1st  Annual General Meeting August 9, 2023 10.00 a.m The Annual General Meeting was held  at  the registered 
office of the Company i.e Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai 
Marg, Fort, Mumbai -400001.
Details of Special Resolutions passed in the General Meeting 
during previous financial Year 2023-24  
Details of Special Resolutions passed through Extra Ordinary 
General Meeting on January 16, 2024 and February 29, 2024
1. Alteration of Article of Association 
2. Appointment of Mr. Mahesh C. Tahilyani (DIN: 01423084) 
as Director and Managing Director of the company  
3. Appointment of Mr. D. Sivanandhan (DIN: 03607203) as an 
Independent director of the company
4. Appointment of Mr. Nikhil Bhatia (DIN: 00414281) as  an 
Independent Director of the Company.
5. Appointment of Ms. Rani Jadhav (DIN: 07070938) as  as 
Independent Director of the Company
6. Borrowing funds in excess of the prescribed limits
7. Creation of charge/mortgage on assets of the Company
8. Authority to provide any loans or guarantee or any security to 
all such person specified under section 185 of the Companies 
act, 2013
9. Granting of loans/security/guarantee or making investment 
of funds in excess of the prescribed limits
There were no resolutions passed through Postal Ballot during the 
last two years.
Fees paid by the Company to Statutory Auditors:
M/s. Sharp & Tannan Associates (Firm Registration No. 109983W) 
are the Statutory Auditors’ of the Company. The particulars of 
payment of Statutory Auditors’ fees is given below:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Remuneration of M/s 
Sharp & Tannan 
Associates for Amount 
(`)
Statutory Audit Fees 10.00
Special purpose financial statement 5.00
Total 15.00
Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, 
as amended:
The Company has in a place a Sexual Harassment Policy in line 
with the requirement of Sexual Harassment of Women at workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. There were no 
compliant during the FY 2023-24
Related Party Transactions
All related party transactions entered into during the financial year 
were on arm’s length basis and were in the ordinary course of 
business and does not attract the provisions of Section 188 of the 
Act.
All related party transactions will be placed before the Audit 
Committee for its approval from the FY 2024-25.
The Board has approved policy for related party transactions 
which has been uploaded on the Company website viz  
www.forbesprecision.co.in/
Disclosure on loans and advances
There have been no loans or advances extended by the Company to 
firms or companies where Directors of the Company hold an interest.
Disclosure of Material Subsidiaries
The Company doesn’t have any material subsidiary.
Statutory Compliances
The Company has a system in place whereby the Managing Director/
Chief Financial Officer/Company Secretary provides Compliance 
Certificate to the Board of Directors based on the confirmations 
received from concerned persons/heads of the Company relating 
to compliance of various laws, rules, regulations and guidelines 
applicable to their areas of operation.
Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy
Pursuant to Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 22 of SEBI 
LODR, the Board has established a vigil mechanism for the 
Directors and employees of the Company to report genuine concerns 
about unethical behaviour actual or suggested fraud or violation of 
the Company’s Code of Conduct or ethics with effect from April 1, 
2024 . The Company has in place Whistle Blower Policy to provide 
mechanism for Director or employee of the Company to approach 
the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Policy is available on the 
Company’s website viz. www.forbesprecision.co.in/
Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and 
adoption of the non-mandatory requirements of this clause:
The compliance of mandatory and non-mandatory requirements of 
the SEBI LODR, were not applicable for FY 23-24. As on date of this 
report the Company is complying with the following discretionary 
requirements of Regulation 27(1) and Part E Schedule II of SEBI 
LODR as under:
===== [PAGE 36 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
33
Annual Report 2023-24
• Shareholders’ Rights: The Company is sending financial 
statements along with the Board’s Report and Auditors’ 
Reports to all the shareholders through email. The Same 
shall be available on the Company’s website i.e., www.
forbesprecision.co.in/
• Audit Qualifications: The Company’s standalone financial 
statement for the financial year 2023-24 does not contain any 
audit qualification.
• Separate posts of Chairman and CEO: The Chairman of 
the Board is a Non- Executive Director. The Company has 
appointed Managing Director to take care of the day-to-day 
affairs of the Company. The position of the Chairman and 
Managing Director are separate.
• Reporting of internal auditor: The internal auditor may report 
directly to the audit committee
Means of Communication
The financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024 
are available on the website of the Company www.forbesprecision.
co.in/ 
The Company does not have a practice of making presentation to 
institutional investors and analysts. Management Discussion and 
Analysis forms part of Annual Report.
General Shareholders Information
AGM-Date, time and 
Venue
Next Annual General Meeting of the 
Company is scheduled on Thursday, 
July 25, 2024 at 03.00 PM at Indian 
Merchants’ Chambers, Walchand 
Hirachand Hall, IMC Building, 
4th Floor, IMC Marg, Churchgate, 
Mumbai 400 020
Financial Year The Company follows the April – 
March financial year
Listing on Stock 
Exchange
BSE Limited, P.J. Towers, Dalal 
Street, Mumbai – 400 001.
ISIN  (ISIN- INE0TT901016)
Equity shares of the Company will be listed on BSE Limited only and 
Company has paid the annual listing fees and other fees alongwith 
pursuant to Scheme of Arrangement listing application.
During the year under review, and as on the date of this Report, 
the Equity Shares of the Company were not listed on the Stock 
Exchanges. Therefore, the monthly high and low share prices and 
market capitalization of equity shares of the Company and the 
comparison in performance of share price of the Company vis-à-vis 
broad based Indices are not available.
The Directors have not recommended any dividend for the year 
under review.
The Company has not declared any dividend since incorporation 
viz. from August 30, 2022. Therefore, the provisions of the Act and 
the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, 
Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”) for transfer 
of unpaid/ unclaimed dividend as well as shares on which dividend 
remain unpaid/ unclaimed for a period of seven consecutive years to 
IEPF Account, are not applicable on the Company.
Registrars and Share Transfer & Agents
The Company has appointed Link Intime India Private Limited as its 
Registrar & Share Transfer Agents (RTA). Shareholders are advised 
to approach Link Intime India Private Limited on the following 
address for any queries and issues related to shares held by them in 
the Company:
Link Intime India Private Limited
Address: C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park L.B.S. Marg, 
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai-400 083, Maharashtra, India.
Tel.: +91 81081 18484 
E-mail: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in 
Website: www.linkintime.co.in
Dematerialisation of Equity Shares 
Pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement and in Compliance to BSE 
observation letter No. DCS/ AMAL/TL/R37/2816/2023-24 dated 
July 23, 2024 the Company had issued and allottted equity shares in 
dematerialized form to those shareholders who hold shares as on the 
record date i.e March 13, 2024 of the Demerged Company (Forbes 
& Company Limited). 
For shareholders of Demerged Company (Forbes & Company 
Limited) holding shares in physical mode, the Company shall keep 
their shares in a separate escrow demat account and will credit the 
same to the respective demat account(s) of such shareholders as and 
when the details of such shareholder’s account with the depository 
participants are intimated in writing by the shareholders to the 
Company/Register and Transfer Agents.
Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2024
Category No. of Shares %
Promoters 38102764 73.85
Central/State Government Institutions 121452 0.24
Financial Institutions/ Banks 47028 0.09
Limited Liability Partnership 17944 0.03
Mutual Fund 568 0.00
FII & NRI/FBC/FPI 6169012 11.96
Investor Education and Protection Fund 652612 1.26
Directors and their relatives 8132 0.02
Trusts 2400 0.00
Bodies Corporate/Clearing Members 1637136 3.17
Public 4835416 9.37
Total 51594464 100
===== [PAGE 37 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
34
Distribution by size as on March 31, 2024
Holding No. of 
Shareholders
No. of 
Shares
% to 
Shares
1 to 500 9370 1091768 2.1161
501 to 1000 681 492080 0.9537
1001 to 2000 386 579148 1.1225
2001 to 3000 141 347260 0.6731
3001 to 4000 103 375364 0.7275
4001 to 5000 36 165056 0.3199
5001 to 10000 67 469488 0.91
10001 & above 67 48074300 93.1772
Total 10851 51594464 100
Credit Rating
During the year under review, the Company did not obtain any credit 
rating.
Status of dematerialization of shares and liquidity as on March 
31, 2024
Details No. of 
shares
% of Share 
Capital
No. of 
Accounts
National Securities 
Depository Ltd. (NSDL)
49293684 95.54 5452
Central Depository Services 
(India) Ltd. (CDSL)
2300780 4.46 5399
Total 51594464 100 10851
Outstanding Employee Stock Options, GDRs, ADRs, etc.
The Company has not issued any GDRs/ADRs/Warrants. There are 
no outstanding Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (“FCCBs”) and 
Employee Stock Options.
No funds were raised during the year through preferential allotment 
or qualified institutional placement.
The Company does not undertake any commodity hedging activities.
Foreign exchange risk and hedging activities
The Company has a foreign exchange risk management policy 
for managing foreign currency exposure. The Company identifies 
risks and exposures to be hedged from time to time and hedges 
these exposures. During the year, the Company has managed 
foreign exchange risk and hedged in compliance with its extant 
foreign exchange risk management policy. The open foreign 
exchange exposures are reviewed at a regular interval. Note 
No. 2(xiii) to the standalone financial statements describes the 
accounting policy relating to the foreign currency transactions 
and translations.
The Company does not undertake any commodity hedging 
activities.
Plant Locations
Plot B-13, MIDC Waluj Industrial Area Waluj, Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar - 431 133
Address for correspondence
The shareholders may send their communication/suggestions/ 
grievances /queries related to the Company to The Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer, Forbes Precision Tools and 
Machine Parts Limited, Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, 
Mumbai–400001 Email id investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in.
Auditors’ Certificate
1. Certificate dated May 6, 2024 issued by MMJB & Associates, 
Practicing Company Secretaries certifying that none of the 
Directors of the Company have been debarred or disqualified 
from being appointed or continuing as Directors by the Board/ 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.
2. The certificate dated May 6, 2024, issued by MMJB & 
Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries on compliance 
with the Corporate Governance requirements by the Company 
is annexed herewith.
The Corporate Governance Report was adopted by the Board of 
Directors at its meeting held on May 6, 2024 as a part of Board’s 
Report.
DECLARATION UNDER REGULATION 26(3) OF 
SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
As provided under Regulation 26(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board 
Members and the Senior Management Personnel have confirmed 
compliance with the code of conduct for Board of Directors and 
Senior Management for the year ended March 31, 2024.
For Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
Mahesh C. Tahilyani
Managing Director
Place: Mumbai
Dated : May 6, 2024
===== [PAGE 38 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
35
Annual Report 2023-24
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
To,
The Members,
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001, Maharashtra, India.
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited (“the 
Company”) for the year ended on March 31, 2024, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) 
of Regulation 46 and Para C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 [“Listing Regulations”].
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and representations made by the management, 
we certify that the corporate governance provisions were not mandatorily applicable to the entity in the last financial year but Company has 
voluntarily adhered to these provisions to the best of their ability and Company is into process of full compliance with the relevant regulations 
as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and Para C, D and E of Schedule V of 
Listing Regulations. 
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. Our examination was limited to procedures 
and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is 
neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Date:  May 6, 2024
Place: Mumbai
For MMJB & Associates LLP
Company Secretaries
Omkar Dindorkar 
Designated Partner
ACS: 43029
CP: 24580
PR: 2826/2022
UDIN:  A043029F000316269
===== [PAGE 39 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
36
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regulation 34 (3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of  
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To, 
The Members
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg Fort, 
Mumbai, Maharashtra, 
India, 400001
We have examined the relevant disclosures provided by the Directors (as enlisted in Table A) to Forbes Precision Tools and Machine 
Parts Limited having CIN U29256MH2022PLC389649 and having its registered office at Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, 
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400001 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’) for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance 
with accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C clause 10(i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information, based on (i) documents available on the website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs as 
on May 6, 2024, and Stock Exchanges as on May 6, 2024 (ii) Verification of Directors Identification Number (DIN) status at the website of 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, and (iii) disclosures provided by the Directors (as enlisted in Table A) to the Company, we hereby certify 
that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company (as enlisted in Table A) have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed 
or continuing as directors of the companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other 
statutory authority as on March 31, 2024.
Table A
Sr. No. Name of the Directors DIN Date of appointment /
Resignation 
1. Mr. Marzin Roomi Shroff 00642613 30/03/2024
2. Mr. Jai Laxmikant Mavani 05260191 30/03/2024
3. Ms. Rani Jadhav Ajit 07070938 30/03/2024
4. Mr. Nikhil Jaysinh Bhatia 00414281 30/03/2024
5. Mr. Sivanandhan Dhanushkodi 03607203 30/03/2024
6. Mr. Mahesh Chelaram Tahilyani 01423084 01/04/2024
7. Mr. Ravinder Prem* 07771465 30/08/2022
8. Mr. Nirmal Jagawat* 01854117 30/08/2022
9. Ms. Rupa Khanna* 09721876 30/08/2022
* Ceased as Director with effect from closure of business hours of March 31, 2024
General Disclaimer: Our Analysis for this certificate does not cover the verification of criteria pertaining to appointment as independent 
director under Section 149 and criteria pertaining to appointment as Managing Director under Section 196 and Schedule V of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
For MMJB & Associates LLP 
Company Secretaries
Saurabh Agarwal
Partner
FCS No. : 9290
CP No.: 20907
PR: 2826/2022
UDIN: F009290F000321426
Date: May 6, 2024
Place: Mumbai
===== [PAGE 40 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
37
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
FORMING PART OF 
ANNUAL REPORT 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED  
MARCH 31, 2024.
===== [PAGE 41 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
38
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the members of FORBES PRECISION TOOLS AND 
MACHINE PARTS LIMITED 
Report on the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Standalone Financial 
Statements of FORBES PRECISION TOOLS AND MACHINE 
PARTS LIMITED (hereinafter referred as “the Company”), which 
comprise the Balance sheet as at March 31, 2024, the Statement of 
Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the Cash 
Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the 
year ended March 31, 2024 and Notes to the Standalone Financial 
Statements, including a summary of material accounting policies 
and other explanatory information (hereinafter collectively referred 
as the “Standalone Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Standalone Financial 
Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 
2013 (hereinafter referred as “the Act”) in the manner so required and 
give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting 
Standards prescribed Under Section 133 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended 
(hereinafter referred as “Ind AS”) and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs (financial position) 
of the Company as at March 31, 2024, its profit, other comprehensive 
income, its cash flows and the changes in equity for the year ended 
on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (hereinafter referred to as “SAs”) specified Under Section 
143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are 
further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of 
the Standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (hereinafter 
referred as “ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements under 
the provisions of the Act and the Rules there under, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Emphasis of Matter
We draw attention to Note 38 of the Standalone Financial 
Statements, which describes the Scheme of Arrangement ("the 
scheme") under Section 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules and regulations made 
thereunder, which inter alia, provides for amalgamation and 
vesting of Assets & liabilities of demerged undertaking of Forbes 
& Company Limited (FCL) with and into company on a going 
concern basis was approved by NCLT. The requisite certified 
order of the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) has 
been filed with the Registrar of Companies on March 1, 2024. 
Consequently, the demerged undertaking of FCL is merged into 
the company with effect from the appointed date of April 1, 2023.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Information other than the Standalone Financial Statements 
and Auditor’s Report thereon (hereinafter referred as “other 
information”)
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible 
for the preparation of the other information. The other information 
comprises the Board’s report included in the annual report but does 
not include the Standalone Financial Statements and our report 
thereon. 
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does not cover 
the other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
and/or conclusions thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements, 
our responsibility is to read the other information identified 
above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the Standalone Financial Statements 
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be 
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, 
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to 
report in this regard.
Management’s & Board of Directors’ for the Standalone 
Financial Statements 
The Company's Management and Board of Directors are 
responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Act 
with respect to the preparation of these Standalone Financial 
Statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, 
financial performance, cash flows and changes in equity of the 
Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, including the Ind AS. This responsibility 
also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the 
assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds 
and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate 
accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that 
are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the Standalone Financial Statements that give 
a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, the Company’s 
Management and Board of Directors are responsible for assessing 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, 
as applicable, matters related to the going concerned and using the 
going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends 
to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors are responsible for overseeing the Company’s 
financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone 
===== [PAGE 42 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
39
Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
Standalone Financial Statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error and to issue an auditor’s 
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high 
level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these Standalone Financial Statements. As part of an 
audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment 
and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to 
those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of 
not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control.
b) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the 
audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3) (i) of the Act, we 
are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the 
Company has an adequate internal financial controls system 
in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
d) Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the 
going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt 
on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. 
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the 
related disclosures in the Standalone Financial Statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. 
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained 
up to our auditor’s report date. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a 
going concern.
e) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the 
Standalone Financial Statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the Standalone Financial Statements represent 
the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Standalone 
Financial Statements that, individually or in the aggregate, makes it 
probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable 
user of the Standalone Financial Statements may be influenced. 
We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in 
(i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the 
results of our work, and (ii) evaluating the effect of any identified 
misstatements in the Standalone Financial Statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and 
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships 
and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government in 
terms of Section 143 (11) of the Act, we give in “Annexure 
A”, a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 
4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2. As required by Section 143 (3) of the Act and based on our 
audit we report that:
 a) We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
 b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books;
 c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the 
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of 
Cash Flows statement dealt with by this report are in 
agreement with the books of account;
 d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial 
Statements comply with the Ind AS specified under 
Section 133 of the Act. 
 e) On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on March 31, 2024 taken on 
record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors 
is disqualified as on March 31, 2024 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of 
the Act;
 f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the Company and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer 
to our separate report in “Annexure B”. Our report 
expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy 
and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal 
financial controls over financial reporting; and
 g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
auditor’s report in accordance with the requirements 
of Section 197(16) of the Act, as amended, according 
to the explanation given to us, the remuneration has 
not been paid by the Company to its directors during 
===== [PAGE 43 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
40
the year, accordingly the provisions of section 197 of 
the Act are not applicable to the company. 
 h) With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor's Report in accordance with rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
  i. The Company has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations as at March 31, 2024, 
on its financial position in its Standalone 
Financial Statements - Refer notes 33 (a) to the 
Standalone Financial Statements.
  ii. The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts for 
which there were any material foreseeable 
losses;
  iii. There were no amounts that were required to 
be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company.
  iv. (a)  The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have 
been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the Company to or in 
any other person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) 
or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries; 
   (b)  The Management has represented, that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have 
been received by the Company from 
any person or entity, including foreign 
entity (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on 
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   (c)  Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to the notice that 
has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and 
(ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under 
(a) and (b) above, contain any material 
misstatement; 
  v. During the year Company has not declared/
paid any dividend hence reporting under rule 
11 (f) is not applicable to that extent and
  vi. Based on our examination which included 
test checks, the company has used accounting 
software for maintaining its books of account 
which has a feature of recording audit trail 
(edit log) facility and the same has operated 
throughout the year for all relevant transactions 
recorded in the software. Further, during the 
course of our audit, we did not come across 
any instance of the audit trail feature being 
tampered with.
As proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 
is applicable from April 1, 2023, reporting under Rule 11 (g) of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 on the preservation of 
audit trail as per the statutory requirements for record retention is not 
applicable for the financial year ended March 31, 2024.
For Sharp & Tannan Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 0109983W
by the hand of
Parthiv S Desai
Partner
Membership No.: (F) 042624
Mumbai, May 06, 2024 UDIN- 24042624BKFRSG1911
===== [PAGE 44 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
41
Annexure A to the independent auditor’s report on the 
standalone financial statements of Forbes Precision Tools and 
Machine Parts Company Limited for the year ended 31st March 
2024
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading “Report on Other 
Legal and Regulatory Requirements” Section of our report on 
even date)
(i)  (a)  According to the information and explanation given to 
us and records examined by us;
  (A)  The Company is maintaining proper records 
showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details and the situation of the Property, Plant 
and Equipment (PPE) of the Company.
  (B)  The Company is maintaining proper records 
showing full particulars of the Intangible assets 
of the Company.
 (b)  The Company has a program of verification of PPE 
to cover all the items once in two years which, in our 
opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the 
Company and the nature of its assets. Pursuant to the 
program, all PPE has been physically verified for the 
demerged undertaking which is subsequently merged 
into the company. According to the information and 
explanations given to us, no material discrepancies 
were noticed in such verification related to assets 
transferred to the company as per the scheme of 
arrangement.
  (c) we report that the title deeds, comprising all the 
immovable properties of land and buildings, (other 
than properties where the company is the lessee and 
the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of 
the lessee), are held in the name of the Company as on 
balance sheet date, except for the following:
Description of property
Gross 
carrying 
value (` in 
Lakhs)
Title deeds 
held in the 
name of 
Whether the title deed 
holder is a promoter, 
director or their 
relative or employee
Period held 
- indicate the 
range, where 
appropriate 
(years)
Reason for not being 
held in the name of the 
Company
Plot B-13, Waluj 
Industrial Area Waluj, 
Aurangabad-431 133
9.96
Forbes & 
Company 
Limited
No Less than 1 Year
The Property is 
transferred under the 
scheme of arrangement. 
The company is in the 
process to transfer of 
title deeds.
Factory Building 1, Factory 
Building 2, Office Building 
and Canteen
3,428.87
 (d)  We report that the company has not made any 
revaluation of PPE (including Right of use assets) or 
intangible assets or both during the year. Accordingly, 
reporting on paragraphs 3 Clause (i) (d) of the Order 
is not applicable to the Company.
 (e)  We report that there are no proceedings have been 
initiated or are pending against the company for 
holding any benami property under the Benami 
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) 
and rules made thereunder. Accordingly, reporting 
on paragraphs 3 Clause (i) (e) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
(ii) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us;
 (a) the physical verification of inventory has been 
conducted at reasonable intervals by the management 
during the year and, in our opinion, the coverage 
and procedure of such verification by Management 
is appropriate. Inventory lying with the third parties 
has been substantially confirmed by them. The 
discrepancies noticed on physical verification of 
inventory as compared to book records were not 10% 
or more and have been appropriately dealt with in the 
books of accounts. 
 (b) During the year the company has not been sanctioned 
a working capital facility. Accordingly, reporting 
on paragraph 3 Clause (ii) (b) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
(iii) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us the company has not made 
investments in, provided any guarantee or security or granted 
any loans or advances in the nature of loans, secured or 
unsecured to companies, firms, limited liability partnerships 
or other parties during the year. Accordingly, paragraph 
3 Clause (iii) (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) & (f) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
(iv) During the year the Company has not given loans and 
advances or made investments in or provided guarantees or 
security to parties covered by sections 185 and 186 of the 
Act. Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 Clause (iv) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company.
(v) During the year there is no public deposit as such in the 
company and no order has been passed by the Company 
Law Board or the National Company Law Tribunal or the 
Reserve Bank of India or any Court or any other Tribunal. 
Accordingly, reporting on paragraphs 3 Clause (v) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company.
===== [PAGE 45 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
42
(vi) The Central Government has specified maintenance of cost 
records under Section 148(1) of the Act. We have broadly 
reviewed these records relating to materials, labour and 
other items of cost maintained by the Company and are of 
the opinion that prima facie, the prescribed cost accounts and 
records have been prepared and maintained. We have not 
however made a detailed examination of records with a view 
to determine whether they are accurate or complete.
(vii) According to the information and explanations given to us, in 
respect of statutory dues: 
 (a) in our opinion, the Company is regular in depositing 
the undisputed statutory dues, including Goods and 
Services Tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State 
Insurance, Income-tax, Customs Duty, cess, and 
other material statutory dues, as applicable, with 
the appropriate authorities as per the records of the 
company examined by us. Also, refer to note 33 
(a) to the standalone financial statements regarding 
management’s assessment of certain matters relating 
to the provident fund.
 (b) There are no statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) 
as at March 31, 2024, which have not been deposited 
on account of a dispute, except as mentioned below:
Name of the Statute Nature of 
dues
The period to which 
the amount relates
Forum where the dispute is 
pending
Amount 
involved
(` in Lakhs)
Employees Provident Fund and Misc. 
Provisions Act, 1952
Damages 1996-2014 The Central Government Industrial 
Tribunal at Mumbai
 16.81
(viii) There are no such transactions that are not recorded in the 
books of account, which have been surrendered or disclosed 
as income during the year in the tax assessments under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961). Accordingly, reporting 
on paragraph 3 clause (viii) of the Order is not applicable to 
the Company.
(ix) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and the records examined by us; 
 (a) the Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans 
or other borrowings or in the payment of interest 
thereon to any lender.
 (b) the company has not been declared a wilful defaulter 
by banks or financial institutions or other lenders 
Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 clause (ix) (b) 
of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
 (c) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the term loans have been 
applied for the purpose for which they were obtained. 
 (d) According to the information and explanations given 
to us, the procedures performed by us, and on an 
overall examination of the financial statements of the 
company, we report that no funds raised on a short-
term basis have been used for long-term purposes by 
the company.
 (e) The company does not have subsidiaries, associates 
or joint ventures. Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 
3 clause (ix) (e) of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company
 (f) The company does not have subsidiaries, associates 
or joint ventures. Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 
3 clause (ix) (f) of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company.
(x) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and the records examined by us,
 (a) The Company being the non-listed public limited 
company, has not raised money by way of an initial 
public offer or further public offer (including debt 
instruments), Accordingly reporting on paragraph 
3 clause (x) (a) of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company.
 (b) During the year the Company has not made preferential 
allotment or private placement of shares or convertible 
debentures (fully, partially or optionally convertible), 
Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 clause (x) (b) 
of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xi) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and during the course of our examination of the books and 
records of the company,
 (a) we have neither come across any instance of material 
fraud by the Company or on the Company, noticed or 
reported during the year, nor have been informed of 
any such case by the management. 
 (b) No report under Section 143(12) of the Act, in Form 
ADT-4, as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 was required to 
be filed with the Central Government. Accordingly, 
the reporting under paragraph 3 clause (xi)(b) of the 
Order is not applicable to the company.
 (c) no whistle-blower complaints have been received 
during the year by the Company. Accordingly, the 
reporting under clause 3(xi)(c) of the Order is not 
applicable to the company.
(xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting 
under paragraph 3 clause (xii) (a), (b) and (c) of the Order is 
not applicable to the Company.
===== [PAGE 46 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
43
(xiii) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us the Company is in compliance with 
Sections 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013, where 
applicable, for all transactions with the related parties and the 
details of related party transactions have been disclosed in the 
financial statements as required by the applicable Ind AS.
(xiv) The company is not required to appoint an Internal auditor. 
Accordingly, reporting under paragraph 3 Clause (xiv)(a) and 
(b) of the order is not applicable to the company.
(xv) During the year the company has not entered into any non-
cash transactions with its directors or persons connected with 
its directors and hence reporting on compliance with the 
provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 under 
paragraph 3clause (xv) of the order is not applicable to the 
company.
(xvi) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and the records examined by us, 
 (a) the Company is not required to be registered under 
Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. 
Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 Clause (xvi)(a) 
of the order is not applicable to the company.
 (b) the Company has not conducted non-banking 
financial/housing finance activities during the year. 
Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 Clause (xvi)
(b) of the order is not applicable to the company.
 (c) the Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) 
as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve 
Bank of India. Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 
3 Clause (xvi)(c) of the order is not applicable to the 
company.
 (d) The group has five unregistered Core Investment 
Companies (CICs) as part of the Group as detailed in 
note 42 (iii) to the standalone financial statements. We 
have not, however, separately evaluated whether the 
information provided by the management is accurate 
and complete.
(xvii) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the company has not incurred cash 
losses in the current year, however, the company has incurred 
cash losses of ` 1.18 Lakhs in the immediately preceding 
financial year.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during 
the year and accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3 Clause 
(xviii) of the order is not applicable to the company.
(xix) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected 
dates of realization of financial assets and payment of 
financial liabilities, and other information accompanying the 
financial statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors 
and management plans and based on our examination of the 
evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to 
our attention, which causes us to believe that any material 
uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that 
company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the 
date of the balance sheet as and when they fall due within a 
period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, 
state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of 
the company. We further state that our reporting is based on 
the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give 
any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due 
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will 
get discharged by the company as and when they fall due.
(xx) Section 135 of the Companies Act does not apply to the 
company, accordingly, reporting on Paragraph 3 Clause (xx) 
(a) & (b) of the order are not applicable to the company. 
(xxi) The company does not have any subsidiaries, associates 
and joint ventures during the year. Hence, the Company is 
not required to prepare Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Accordingly, reporting under paragraph 3 Clause (xxi) of the 
Order is not applicable.
SHARP & TANNAN ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 0109983W
by the hand of
CA Parthiv S Desai
Partner
Membership No.: (F) 042624
Mumbai, May 06, 2024  UDIN –24042624BKFRSG1911
===== [PAGE 47 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
44
Annexure B to the independent auditor’s report on the 
standalone financial statements of FORBES PRECISION 
TOOLS AND MACHINE PARTS LIMITED for the year ended 
31st March, 2024 
(Referred to in paragraph 2 (f) under the heading, “Report on 
other legal and regulatory requirements” of our report on even 
date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting under Clause (i) Section 143 (3) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited 
(hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) as of March 31, 2024, in 
conjunction with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of 
the Company for the year ended on that date.
Management’s & Board of Directors’ Responsibility for Internal 
Financial Controls
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible 
for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based 
on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established 
by the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the guidance note. These responsibilities include 
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to 
the Company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention 
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable 
financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal 
financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the guidance note and the 
Standards on Auditing issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed 
Under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit 
of internal financial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance 
Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was 
established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively 
in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence 
about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining 
an understanding of internal financial controls over financial 
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and 
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of 
internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of 
the risks of material misstatement of the Standalone Financial 
Statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company's 
internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
A Company's internal financial control over financial reporting is 
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Standalone 
Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal 
financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that:
(1)  pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; 
(2)  provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as 
necessary to permit the preparation of Standalone Financial 
Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles and that receipts and expenditures of the company 
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the company; and 
(3)  provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention 
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company's assets that could have a material 
effect on the Standalone Financial Statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over 
Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper 
management override of controls, material misstatements due to 
error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections 
of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal 
financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance 
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material respects, an 
adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting 
and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were 
operating effectively as  at March 31, 2024, based on the internal 
financial control over financial reporting criteria established by the 
Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting (hereinafter referred as “the guidance 
note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
(hereinafter referred as “ICAI”).
For Sharp & Tannan Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 0109983W
by the hand of
Parthiv S Desai
Partner
Membership No.: (F) 042624
Mumbai, May 06, 2024  UDIN- 24042624BKFRSG1911
===== [PAGE 48 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
45
Annual Report 2023-24
BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2024
Particulars Note 
No.
As at  
March 31, 2024
` in Lakhs
As at  
March 31, 2023
` in Lakhs
ASSETS
1 Non-current assets
a Property, Plant and Equipment 3  8,527.72  - 
b Right-of-use assets 31  343.09  - 
c Capital work-in-progress 3A  468.67  - 
d Other Intangible assets 3B  61.30  - 
e Financial Assets:
i) Other financial assets 6A.  94.53  - 
f Income tax assets (net) 19  851.41  - 
g Other non-current assets 9A.  296.69  - 
Total Non-current assets  10,643.41  - 
2 Current assets
a Inventories 7  3,846.87  - 
b Financial Assets:
i) Trade receivables 4  2,944.40  - 
ii) Cash and cash equivalents 8  1,595.63  5.00 
iii) Loans & Advances 5  3.26  - 
iv) Other financial assets 6B.  1,137.83  - 
c Other current assets 9B.  88.25  0.07 
Total Current assets  9,616.24  5.07 
Total Assets  20,259.65  5.07 
===== [PAGE 49 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
46
In terms of our report of even date 
For Sharp & Tannan Associates For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants M.C. TAHILYANI JAI L. MAVANI
Firm's Registration No.: 109983W Managing Director Director
DIN : 01423084 DIN : 05260191
Parthiv S. Desai VIKRAM V. NAGAR RUPA KHANNA
Partner Chief Financial Officer   Company Secretary  
Membership No.:  042624 Membership No :  A33322
Date: May 06, 2024 Date: May 06, 2024
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2024
Particulars Note 
No.
As at  
March 31, 2024
` in Lakhs
As at  
March 31, 2023
` in Lakhs
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
a Equity share capital 10  5,159.45  5.00 
b Other equity 11  8,615.88  (1.18)
Total Equity  13,775.33  3.82 
Liabilities
1 Non-current liabilities
a Financial liabilities:
i) Borrowings 12  294.15  - 
ii) Lease Liabilities 31  216.00  - 
iii) Other financial liabilities 13A.  95.15  - 
b Provisions 14A.  557.56  - 
c Deferred tax liabilities (net) 15  236.77  - 
Total Non-current liabilities  1,399.63  - 
2 Current liabilities
a Financial liabilities:
i) Borrowings 17  248.25  - 
ii) Lease Liabilities 31  125.25  - 
iii) Trade payables 
a) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises; and 18  782.35  0.43 
b) total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and 
small enterprises
18  1,387.07  0.07 
iv) Other financial liabilities 13B.  538.22  - 
b Other current liabilities 16  862.61  - 
c Provisions 14B.  129.23  0.75 
d Current tax liabilities (net) 19  1,011.71  - 
Total Current Liabilities  5,084.69  1.25 
Total Liabilities  6,484.32  1.25 
Total Equity and Liabilities  20,259.65  5.07 
Material Accounting Policies 1 & 2
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements 3 to 46
===== [PAGE 50 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
47
Annual Report 2023-24
In terms of our report of even date 
For Sharp & Tannan Associates For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants M.C. TAHILYANI JAI L. MAVANI
Firm's Registration No.: 109983W Managing Director Director
DIN : 01423084 DIN : 05260191
Parthiv S. Desai VIKRAM V. NAGAR RUPA KHANNA
Partner Chief Financial Officer   Company Secretary  
Membership No.:  042624 Membership No :  A33322
Date: May 06, 2024 Date: May 06, 2024
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024
Particulars  Note No.
Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
` in Lakhs
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
` in Lakhs
I Revenue from operations 20  22,849.66  - 
II Other income 21  105.94  - 
III Total Income (I + II)  22,955.60  - 
IV Expenses:
Cost of materials consumed 22  8,050.05  - 
Purchases of stock-in-trade  128.72  - 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade 22  (220.04)  - 
Employee benefits expense 23  4,106.51  - 
Finance cost 24  115.86  - 
Depreciation and amortisation expense 25  1,144.59  - 
Other Expenses 26  5,646.88  1.18 
Total expenses  18,972.57  1.18 
V Profit before exceptional items and tax (III - IV)  3,983.03  (1.18)
VI Profit / (Loss) before tax (V-VI)  3,983.03  (1.18)
VII Tax expense / (credit):
Current tax 27  1,011.71  - 
Deferred tax 27  0.21  - 
 1,011.92  - 
VIII Profit / (loss) for the year (VII-VIII)  2,971.11  (1.18)
IX Other Comprehensive Income
A) (i) Items that will not be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans  8.41  - 
(ii) Income tax relating to these items
Deferred tax 27  2.12  - 
 6.29  - 
X Total Comprehensive Income / (Loss) for the year (IX + X)  2,977.40  (1.18)
XI Earning per equity share : 
Basic and diluted earnings per equity share After Exceptional Items 28 ₹ 110.63 -₹ 2.35
Material Accounting Policies 1 & 2
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements 3 to 46
===== [PAGE 51 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
48
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024
Particulars
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
` in Lakhs
Year ended  
March 31, 2023
` in Lakhs
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax  3,983.03  (1.18)
Adjustments for -
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment expense  1,144.59  - 
Interest income earned on financial assets that are not designated as at fair 
value through profit or loss:
i) Bank deposits  (7.81)  - 
Finance costs  115.86  - 
(Gain)/loss on disposal of property,plant and equipment  (3.56)  - 
Credit balances / excess provision written back  (15.36)  - 
Provision for doubtful loans and advances  (0.57)  - 
Trade receivables written off  (39.35)  - 
Net unrealised exchange Gain  (31.27)  - 
 1,162.53  - 
Operating profit before working capital changes  5,145.56  (1.18)
Changes in working capital:
Increase in trade and other receivables (` (2,236.80) Lakhs taken over due to 
scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38))
 (4,093.67)  (0.07)
(Increase)/Decrease in inventories (` (3,115.25) Lakhs taken over due to 
scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38))
 (3,846.87)  - 
(Increase)/Decrease in other assets  (384.87)  - 
Increase/(Decrease) in trade and other payables (` (1,833.20) Lakhs taken 
over due to scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38))
 2,179.79  0.50 
Increase/ (Decrease) in provisions  686.04  - 
Increase/(Decrease) in other liabilities  862.61  0.75 
 (4,596.97)  1.18 
Cash generated from operations  548.59  - 
Income taxes paid/ refunds received (net)  397.07  - 
(a) Net cash flow generated from operating activities  945.66  - 
Cash flows from investing activities:
Payments for property, plant and equipment (including investment 
properties, intangible assets and advances) (` (8,731.38) Lakhs taken over 
due to scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38))
 (9,726.46)  - 
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment (including 
investment properties and intangible assets)
 3.76  - 
Other Loans & Advances  (2.69)  - 
Interest received  7.81  - 
(b) Net cash flow generated from/(used in) investing activities  (9,717.58)  - 
===== [PAGE 52 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
49
Annual Report 2023-24
In terms of our report of even date 
For Sharp & Tannan Associates For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants M.C. TAHILYANI JAI L. MAVANI
Firm's Registration No.: 109983W Managing Director Director
DIN : 01423084 DIN : 05260191
Parthiv S. Desai VIKRAM V. NAGAR RUPA KHANNA
Partner Chief Financial Officer   Company Secretary  
Membership No.:  042624 Membership No :  A33322
Date: May 06, 2024 Date: May 06, 2024
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
Particulars
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
` in Lakhs
Year ended  
March 31, 2023
` in Lakhs
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from long-term borrowings  1,256.20  - 
Repayment of long-term borrowings  (713.80)  - 
Finance costs paid  67.36  - 
Proceeds from Equity issue of scheme of arrangement (` 10,794.10 Lakhs 
taken over due to scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38)) 
 9,788.48  5.00 
Payment of Lease Liabilities  (35.69)  - 
(c) Net cash flow generated from/(used in) financing activities  10,362.55  5.00 
(d) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (a + b + c)  1,590.63  5.00 
(e) Cash and cash equivalents as at the commencement of the year  5.00  - 
(f) Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year (d + e)  1,595.63  5.00 
Cash and cash equivalents as per above comprise of the following  March 31, 2024  March 31, 2023 
Balances with bank
- In current accounts  1,595.63  5.00 
Balances as per statement of cash flows  1,595.63  5.00 
Notes: 
1. The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the "Indirect Method" setout in Indian Accounting Standard - 7 on Statement 
of Cash Flows.
2 The cash flow statement shown above has been adjusted to reflect the impact of the Scheme of Arrangement (Refer Note 38). This 
adjustment ensures that the net cash flow arising from the operating, investing, and financing activities is accurately accounted for.
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements  3 to 46  
===== [PAGE 53 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
50
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 
a.  Equity share capital
Particulars ` in Lakhs
Balance as at the beginning of the year   5.00 
Cancellation of Shares as per scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38)  (5.00)
Paid up share Capital as per scheme of arrangement, subject to allotment of shares (Ref. Note 38)  5,159.45 
Balance as at end of the period  5,159.45 
b.  Other equity
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Reserves and surplus Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
TotalCapital Reserves 
on Demerger
Retained 
earnings
Balance as at the beginning of the year  -  (1.18)  -  (1.18)
Impact of demerger as per Scheme of arrangement (Ref. 
Note 38)
 (3,864.58)  9,744.35  (5.67)  5,874.10 
Deferred Tax liability (Ref Note 38)  (234.44)  (234.44)
Profit / (loss) for the year  -  2,971.11  -  2,971.11 
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of 
income tax 
 -  -  6.29  6.29 
Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year  -  2,971.11  6.29  2,977.40 
Balance as at end of the year  (3,864.58)  12,479.84  0.62  8,615.88 
Material Accounting Policies 1 & 2
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements 3 to 46
In terms of our report of even date 
For Sharp & Tannan Associates For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants M.C. TAHILYANI JAI L. MAVANI
Firm's Registration No.: 109983W Managing Director Director
DIN : 01423084 DIN : 05260191
Parthiv S. Desai VIKRAM V. NAGAR RUPA KHANNA
Partner Chief Financial Officer   Company Secretary  
Membership No.:  042624 Membership No :  A33322
Date: May 06, 2024 Date: May 06, 2024
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
===== [PAGE 54 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
51
Annual Report 2023-24
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
 Forbes Precision Tools And Machine Parts Limited was 
incorporated on August 30, 2022 in India having registered 
office at Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, 
Mumbai-400001. Its parent company is Shapoorji Pallonji & 
Company Private Limited.The Company is mainly engaged 
in the business of manufacturing , trading & servicing of 
engineering and related products and Machine & Machine 
parts.
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 i)  Statement of Compliance with Ind AS
 The financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under 
Section 133 of Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') read together 
with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 
and other relevant provisions of the Act.
ii)  Basis of Preparation and Presentation
 The financial statements have been prepared on the historical 
cost basis except for the following; 
 • Certain financial assets and liabilities (including 
derivative instruments) is measured at fair value;
 • defined benefit plans - plan asset measured at fair 
value 
 Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the 
consideration given in exchange for goods and services.
 For financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are 
categorised into Level 1, 2, or 3 based on the degree to which 
the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and 
the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in 
its entirety, which are described as follows: 
 • Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity 
can access at the measurement date; 
 • Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices 
included within Level 1, that are observable for the 
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and 
 • Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or 
liability
 All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or 
non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle 
and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies 
Act, 2013. Based on the nature of products/activities of 
the Company and the normal time between acquisition of 
assets for processing and their realisation in cash and cash 
equivalents, the Company has ascertained its operating cycle 
as 12 months for engineering business for the purpose of 
classification of its assets and liabilities as current and non 
current .
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  
 These financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees 
which is the Company's functional currency. All amounts 
are rounded off to the nearest lakhs (including two decimals), 
unless otherwise stated. The accounting policies adopted in 
the preparation of the financial statements are consistent with 
those of the previous year.
 During the year, the Company engaged in a Scheme of 
Arrangement known as the "Scheme" that resulted in the 
demerger of the Precision Tools business of Forbes & 
Company Limited (the "Demerged Company") into a Forbes 
Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited (the "Resulting 
Company"). This demerger was approved by the National 
Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), Mumbai Bench on 9 th 
February 2024, and the certified copy of the order was 
received on 20 th February 2024. The effective date of the 
merger is 1st March 2024.
iii)  Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Property, Plant and Equipment are stated at cost of acquisition, 
less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment 
losses, if any. The cost comprises purchase price (excluding 
refundable taxes), borrowing costs if capitalization criteria 
are met and includes directly attributable cost of bringing the 
asset to its working condition for the intended use. Any trade 
discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase 
price. Freehold land is not depreciated.
 Subsequent expenditures related to an item of property, plant 
and equipment are added to its carrying value only when it is 
probable that the future economic benefits from the asset will 
flow to the Company and cost can be reliably measured. All 
other repairs and maintenance are charged to the Statement of 
Profit and Loss during the reporting period in which they are 
incurred. 
 Losses arising from the retirement of, and gains or losses 
arising from disposal of property, plant and equipment are 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Depreciation on property, plant and equipment has been 
provided on straight line method as per the useful lives 
estimated by management. The life of the assets has been 
assessed based on technical evaluation which are higher 
than those specified by Schedule II to the Act, taking into 
account the nature of the assets, the estimated usage of the 
assets, the operating conditions of the assets, past history of 
replacement, anticipated technological changes, etc.
 The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation 
method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, 
with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a 
prospective basis. 
 Gains and losses on disposals are determined by 
comparing proceeds on sale with carrying amount. 
These are included in Statement of Profit and Loss 
within other gains / losses.
===== [PAGE 55 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
52
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
 The estimated useful lives of the property, plant and equipment are as under:
Sr. No. Class of assets Estimated useful life
 a Building - Factory & Office Buildings 30 - 60 years
 b Plant and Equipment 03 - 20 years
 c Furniture and Fixtures 03 -10 years
 d Vehicles 4 years
 e Office equipment, Data processing equipments:- 
-   Owned Office equipments 5 years and Data processing equipments 3 to 6 years.
-   Leased Lower of lease term and useful life as stated above
 f Buildings on leasehold land Lower of the useful life in the range of 30 - 60 years and the lease term 
building useful life is based on technical certification
 g Temporary structures (included in building) 5 years
 h Solar Power Plant 25 years
recoverable amount of the asset. The recoverable amount 
is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal 
and value in use. If such recoverable amount of the asset 
or the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to 
which the asset belongs is less than its carrying amount, the 
carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount (cash 
generating unit). The reduction is treated as an impairment 
loss and is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. 
If at the Balance Sheet date there is an indication that if a 
previously assessed impairment loss no longer exists, the 
recoverable amount is reassessed and the asset is reflected 
at the lower of recoverable amount and the carrying amount 
that would have been determined had no impairment loss 
been recognised. Non financial asset other than goodwill that 
suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of 
the impairment at the end of each reporting period. For the 
purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the 
lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash 
inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows 
from other assets or groups of assets (cash generating unit).
vii)  Financial instruments 
 Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when 
the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions 
of the instruments. 
 Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured 
at fair value except trade recievablewhich is measured 
at transaction price. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and 
financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or 
deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial 
liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition,. Transaction 
costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets 
or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are 
recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss. 
 Fixed assets individually costing ` 5,000 and less are 
depreciated fully in the year of purchase.
iv)  Capital work-in-progress
 Projects under which tangible fixed assets are not yet ready 
for their use are carried at cost, comprising direct cost, related 
incidental expenses and attributable interest, if any.
v)  Intangible Assets
 Intangible assets, being computer software, are stated 
at acquisition cost, net of accumulated amortisation and 
accumulated impairment losses, if any. The cost comprises 
acquisition and implementation cost of software for internal 
use (including software coding, installation, testing and 
certain data conversion).
 Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis over 
their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life 
and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each 
reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate 
being accounted for on a prospective basis.
 Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an 
intangible asset are determined as the difference between 
the disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset 
and are recognised as income or expense in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
 Research costs are charged to the Statement of Profit and 
Loss as they are incurred.
 Cost of software is amortised over a period of 3-5 years being 
the estimated useful life.
vi)  Impairment of Assets
 The Company assesses at end of each reporting period 
whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. 
If any such indication exists, the Company estimates the 
===== [PAGE 56 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
53
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
 Financial assets
 All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in 
their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending 
on the classification of the financial assets.
 Classification:
 Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are 
subsequently measured at amortised cost:
  -  the asset is held within a business model whose 
objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual 
cash flows; and
  -  the contractual terms of the instrument give rise on 
specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest on the principal amount 
outstanding.
 All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair 
value.
 Effective interest method
 The effective interest method is a method of calculating the 
amortised cost of a debt instrument and of allocating interest 
income over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is 
the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments 
or receipts (including all fees and amounts that form an 
integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs 
and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of 
the debt instrument, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, 
to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.
 Income is recognised on an effective interest basis for debt 
instruments other than those financial assets classified as at 
FVTPL. Interest income is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss and is included in the “Other income” line 
item.
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
(FVTPL)
 Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the 
end of each reporting period, with any gains or losses arising 
on remeasurement recognised in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss. The net gain or loss recognised in the Statement 
of Profit and Loss incorporates any dividend or interest 
earned on the financial asset. Dividend on financial assets at 
FVTPL is recognised when the Company’s right to receive 
the dividends is established, it is probable that the economic 
benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the entity, 
the dividend does not represent a recovery of part of cost of 
the investment and the amount of dividend can be measured 
reliably.
 Impairment of financial assets
 The Company applies the expected credit loss model for 
recognising impairment loss on financial assets measured 
at amortised cost, loan commitments, trade receivables, 
financial guarantees not designated as FVTPL and fair value 
through other comprehensive income and other contractual 
rights to receive cash or other financial asset.
 For trade receivables or any contractual right to receive cash 
or another financial asset that result from revenue transactions, 
the Company always measures the loss allowance at an 
amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses.
 Further, for the purpose of measuring lifetime expected credit 
loss ("ECL") allowance for trade receivables, the Company 
has used a practical expedient as permitted under Ind AS 109 
Financial Instruments. This expected credit loss allowance 
is computed based on a provision matrix which takes into 
account historical credit loss experience and adjusted for 
forward-looking information. 
 For recognition of impairment loss on other financial assets 
and risk exposure, the Company determines that whether there 
has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial 
recognition. If credit risk has not increased significantly, 
12-month ECL is used to provide for impairment loss. 
However, if credit risk has increased significantly, lifetime 
ECL is used. If, in a subsequent period, credit quality of the 
instrument improves such that there is no longer a significant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition, then the entity 
reverts to recognising impairment loss allowance based on 
12-month ECL.
 Lifetime ECL are the expected credit losses resulting from 
all possible default events over the expected life of a financial 
instrument. The 12-month ECL is a portion of the lifetime 
ECL which results from default events that are possible 
within 12 months after the reporting date.
 Derecognition of financial assets
 A financial asset is derecognised only when
  •  The contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
financial asset expire, or
  •   The Company has transferred the rights to receive 
cash flows from the financial asset or 
  •   retains the contractual rights to receive the cash 
flows of the financial asset but assumes a contractual 
obligation to pay the cash flows to one or more 
recipients.
  •  The company has no obligation to pay amounts to 
the eventual recipients unless it collects equivalent 
amounts from the original asset. Short-term advances 
by the company with the right of full recovery of the 
amount lent plus accrued interest at market rates do 
not violate this condition. 
  •  The company is prohibited by the terms of the transfer 
contract from selling or pledging the original asset 
other than as security to the eventual recipients for the 
obligation to pay them cash flows. 
  •  The company has an obligation to remit any cash 
flows it collects on behalf of the eventual recipients 
without material delay. In addition, the company is 
not entitled to reinvest such cash flows, except for 
===== [PAGE 57 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
54
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
investments in cash or cash equivalents (as defined in 
Ind AS 7 Statement of Cash Flows) during the short 
settlement period from the collection date to the date 
of required remittance to the eventual recipients, and 
interest earned on such investments is passed to the 
eventual recipients.
 Where the entity has transferred an asset, the Company 
evaluates whether it has transferred substantially all risks and 
rewards of ownership of the financial asset. In such cases, the 
financial asset is derecognised.
 Foreign exchange gains and losses
 The fair value of financial assets denominated in a foreign 
currency is determined in that foreign currency and translated 
at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. For foreign 
currency denominated financial assets measured at amortised 
cost and FVTPL, the exchange differences are recognised in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Financial liabilities and equity instruments
 Classification as debt or equity
 Debt and equity instruments issued by a Company are classified 
as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance 
with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the 
definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.
 Equity instruments
 An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual 
interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its 
liabilities. Equity instruments issued by a group entity are 
recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.
 Financial liabilities
 All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost using the effective interest method or at 
FVTPL. Borrowings are intially recognised at fair value, net 
of transaction costs incurred.
 Financial liabilities that are not held-for-trading and are not 
designated as at FVTPL are measured at amortised cost at the 
end of subsequent accounting periods. The carrying amounts 
of financial liabilities that are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost are determined based on the effective interest 
method. 
 Derecognition of financial liabilities
 The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, and 
only when, the Company’s obligations are discharged, 
cancelled or have expired. An exchange with a lender of debt 
instruments with substantially different terms is accounted 
for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability 
and the recognition of a new financial liability. A substantial 
modification of the terms of an existing financial liability 
(whether or not attributable to the financial difficulty of the 
debtor) is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original 
financial liability and the recognition of a new financial 
liability. The difference between the carrying amount of 
the financial liability derecognised and the consideration 
paid including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities 
assumed, and payable is recognised in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss.
 Offsetting financial instruments
 Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount 
is reported in the Balance Sheet where there is a legally 
enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there 
is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and 
settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable 
right must not be contingent on future events and must be 
enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event 
of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or the 
counterparty.
 Financial guarantee contracts
 Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Company are those 
contracts that require a payment to be made to reimburse the 
holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails 
to make a payment when due in accordance with the original 
or modified terms of a debt instrument, financial guarantee 
contracts are recognised initially as a financial liability at 
fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequently, 
the liability is measured at the higher of the amount of loss 
allowance determined as per impairment requirements of Ind 
AS 109 and the amount recognised less cumulative amount 
amortisation where appropriate.
 The Fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on 
the present value of the difference in cash flows between the 
contractual payments required under the debt instrument and 
the payments that would be required without the guarantee, 
or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party 
for assuming the obligation.
viii)  Inventories
 Inventories are valued at the lower of the acquisition / 
production cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories 
are determined on weighted average basis. Raw materials and 
stores, work in progress, traded and finished goods are stated 
at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of raw 
materials, consumables spares and traded goods comprises 
cost of purchases and other costs incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition. Cost 
of work-in-progress and finished goods comprises direct 
materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of 
variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter being 
allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Cost of 
inventories also include all other costs incurred in bringing 
the inventories to their present location and condition. 
ix)  Earnings per share
 Basic Earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net 
profit / (loss) after tax for the year attributable to equity 
shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during the year. 
===== [PAGE 58 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
55
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
 Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the 
determination of basic earnings per share to take into account
  •  the after income tax effect of interest and other 
financing costs associated with dilutive potential 
equity shares, and
  •  the weighted average number of additional equity 
shares that would have been outstanding assuming the 
conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares.
x)  Employee Benefits
  a)  Short-term employee benefits
  Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-
monetary benefits that are expected to be settled 
wholly within 12 months after the end of the period 
in which the employees render the related service are 
recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the 
end of the reporting period and are measured at the 
undiscounted amounts expected to be paid when the 
liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as 
current employee benefit obligations in the Balance 
Sheet.
  b)  Other long-term employee benefits
  The liabilities for earned leave are not expected to 
be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of 
the period in which the employees render the related 
service. They are therefore measured as the present 
value of expected future payments to be made in 
respect of services provided by employees up to the 
end of the reporting period using the projected unit 
credit method. The benefits are discounted using the 
market yields at the end of the reporting period that 
have terms approximating to the terms of the related 
obligation. Remeasurements as a result of experience 
adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
  The obligations are presented as current liabilities 
in the Balance Sheet if the entity does not have an 
unconditional right to defer settlement for at least 
twelve months after the reporting period, regardless 
of when the actual settlement is expected to occur.
 c)  Post-employment obligations
  The Company operates the following post-
employment schemes:
  -  Defined Contribution plans such as employee 
state insurance scheme.
  -  Defined Benefit plans such as gratuity.
  Defined Contribution Plans
  The Company's contribution to pension and employee 
state insurance scheme are considered as defined 
contribution plans, as the Company does not carry any 
further obligations apart from the contributions made 
on a monthly basis and are charged as an expense 
based on the amount of contribution required to be 
made. 
  The Company’s liability towards gratuity, which is 
a defined benefit plan, is determined on the basis of 
valuations, as at Balance Sheet date, carried out by 
an independent actuary using Projected Unit Credit 
Method. The present value of the defined benefit 
obligation is determined by discounting the estimated 
future cash outflows by reference to market yields at 
the end of the reporting period on government bonds 
that have terms approximating to the terms of the 
related obligation.
  The net interest cost is calculated by applying the 
discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit 
obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is 
included in employee benefit expense in the Statement 
of Profit and Loss.
  Remeasurement gains and losses arising from 
experience adjustments and changes in actuarial 
assumptions are recognised in the period in which they 
occur, directly in other comprehensive income. They 
are included in retained earnings in the Statement of 
Changes in Equity and in the Balance Sheet.
  Changes in the present value of the defined benefit 
obligation resulting from plan amendments or 
curtailments are recognised immediately in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss as past service cost.
  The eligible employees of the Company are entitled 
to receive post-employment benefits in respect of 
provident fund, in which both the employees and the 
Company make monthly contributions at a specified 
percentage as applicable of the employees’ eligible 
salary. The contributions are made to the Employees 
provident fund department.
  d)  A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at 
the earlier of when the entity can no longer withdraw 
the offer of the termination benefit and when the entity 
recognises any related restructuring costs.
xi)  Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
 Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present 
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, 
it is probable that the Company will be required to settle the 
obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount 
of the obligation.
 The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate 
of the consideration required to settle the present obligation 
at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the 
risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a 
provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle 
the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present 
value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time value 
of money is material).
===== [PAGE 59 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
56
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
 When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle 
a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, 
a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain 
that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the 
receivable can be measured reliably.
 Onerous Contracts
 Present obligations arising under onerous contracts are 
recognised and measured as provisions. An onerous contract 
is considered to exist where the Company has a contract 
under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations 
under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to 
be received from the contract. 
 Contingent liability is disclosed for (i) Possible obligations 
that arises from past events and whose existence will be 
confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one 
or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control 
of the Company or (ii) Present obligations arising from past 
events where it is not probable that an outflow of resources 
will be required to settle the obligation or a reliable estimate 
of the amount of the obligation cannot be made, unless the 
possibility of outflows of resources embodying economic 
benefits are remote. 
xii)  Revenue recognition
 Revenue towards satisfaction of a performance obligation is 
measured at the amount of transaction price (net of variable 
consideration) allocated to that performance obligation. 
 The Company applies the five-step approach for 
recognition of revenue:-
 •  Identification of contract(s) with customers;
 •  Identification of the separate performance obligations 
in the contract;
 •  Determination of transaction price;
 •  Allocation of transaction price to the separate 
performance obligations; and
 •  Recognition of revenue when (or as) each performance 
obligation is satisfied.
 1  Sale of goods:
  Further recognition is done when the amount of 
revenue can be measured reliably and it is probable 
that the economic benefits associated with the 
transaction will flow to the entity.
  The transaction price of goods sold and services 
rendered is net of variable consideration on account 
of various discounts and schemes offered by the 
Company as part of the contract.
  A receivable is recognised when the goods are 
delivered as this is the point in time that the 
consideration is unconditional because only the 
passage of time is required before the payment is due.
  At contract inception, since for most of the contracts 
it is expected that the period between the transfer of 
the promised goods or services to a customer and 
payment for these goods or services by the customer 
will be one year or less, practical expedient in IND AS 
115 have been applied and accordingly:
   a)  The Company does not adjust the promised 
amount of consideration for the effects of a 
significant financing component 
   b)  The Company recognises the incremental costs 
of obtaining a contract as an expense when 
incurred
   c)  No information on remaining performance 
obligations as of the year end that have an 
expected original term of one year or less was 
reported.
  A contract liability is the Company’s obligation to 
transfer goods or services to a customer, for which 
the Company has already received consideration from 
customers.
 2  Sale of Services: 
  Income from other services is recognised as and 
when the services are performed as per the terms of 
agreement with the respective parties.
  3  Interest and Dividend Income: 
  Interest income from a financial asset is recognised 
when it is probable that the economic benefits will 
flow to the Company and the amount of income can 
be measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on a 
time basis, by reference to the amortised cost and at 
the effective interest rate applicable.
  Dividend income from investments is recognised 
when the shareholder's right to receive payment has 
been established (provided that it is probable that the 
economic benefits will flow to the Company and the 
amount of income can be measured reliably).
  4  Export Incentives:
  Income from export incentives is recognised on 
accrual basis to the extent the ultimate realisation is 
reasonably certain.
xiii)  Foreign currency transactions and balances
 In preparing the financial statements of the Company, 
transactions in currencies other than the Company’s functional 
currency viz. Indian Rupee are recognised at the rates of 
exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end 
of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign 
currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. 
 Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they 
arise.
===== [PAGE 60 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
57
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
 Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical 
costs in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
xiv)  Lease accounting
 As a lessee:
 From 1 April 2019, leases are recognized as a right-of-use 
asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the 
leased asset is available for use by the Company. Contracts 
may contain both lease and non lease components. The 
Company allocates the consideration in the contracts to 
the lease and non-lease components based on their relative 
standalone prices. However, the Company has elected not to 
separate lease and non-lease components and instead account 
for these as a single lease components.
 Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially 
measured on present value basis. Lease liabilities include the 
net present value of the following lease payments:
 - fixed payments (including in substances fixed 
payments), less any lease incentive receivable
 - variable lease payments that depend on an index or a 
rate,initially measured using the index or rate as at the 
commencement date; 
 - any residual value guarantees provided to the lessor 
by the lessee, a party related to the lessee or a third 
party unrelated to the lessor that is financially capable 
of discharging the obligations under the guarantee; 
 - the exercise price of the purchase option if the 
Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option, 
and
 - payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the 
lease term reflects the Company exercising that option
 Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain 
extension option are also included in the measurement of the 
liability. The lease payments are discounted using the lessee's 
incremental borrowing rate, being the rate that lessee would 
have to pay to borrow the fund necessary to obtain an asset of 
similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic 
environment with similar term, security and conditions.
 To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Company:
 - where possible, uses recent third party financing 
received by the lessee as a starting point, adjusted 
to reflects changes in financing condition since third 
party financing received
 - use a build-up approach that starts with the risk-free 
interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases, which 
does not have recent third party financing, and 
 - make adjustments specific to the leases, e.g. term, 
security, currency etc.
 The Company is exposed to potential future increases in 
variable lease payments based on index or rate, which are 
not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When 
adjustment to lease payments based on index or rate take 
effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against 
the right-of-use asset.
 Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance 
cost. Finance cost is charged to Statement of Profit and Loss 
over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodical 
rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for 
each period.
 Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the 
following:
 - the amount of initial measurement of lease liability
 - any lease payments made at or before the 
commencement date less any lease incentives received
 - any initial direct costs, and
 - restoration costs
 Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter 
of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight 
line basis. If the Company is reasonably certain to exercise 
purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the 
underlying asset's useful life.
 Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and 
all leases of low-value assets are recognized on a straight-line 
basis in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Short term leases 
are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. 
 As a lessor:
 Lease income from operating leases where the Company 
is a lessor is recognized in income on a straight line basis 
over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining 
an operating leases are added to the carrying amount of the 
underlying asset and recognized as expense over the lease 
term on the same basis as lease income. The respective leased 
assets are included in the balance sheet based on their nature. 
The Company did not need to make any adjustments to the 
accounting for assets held as a lessor as a result of adopting 
the new leasing standard.
xv)  Taxes on Income
 Tax expense for the year, comprising current tax and deferred 
tax, are included in the determination of the net profit or loss 
for the year. Current tax is measured at the amount expected 
to be paid to the tax authorities in accordance with the Income 
Tax Act, 1961.
 Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in 
the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases 
used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax 
liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary 
differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for 
all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is 
probable that taxable profits will be available against which 
those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such 
deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the 
===== [PAGE 61 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
58
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other 
than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in 
a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the 
accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not 
recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial 
recognition of goodwill.
 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the 
end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that 
it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be 
available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
 Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax 
rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the 
liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and 
tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by 
the end of the reporting period. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is 
a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and 
liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the 
same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities 
are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to 
offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
 Current and deferred tax are recognised in the Statment of 
Profit and Loss, except when they relate to items that are 
recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in 
equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also 
recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in 
equity respectively. The Company recognises Minimum 
Alternate Tax credit under the Income Tax Act, 1961 as an 
asset only when and to the extent there is convincing evidence 
that the Company will be liable to pay normal income tax 
during the specified period.
xvi)  Segment Reporting
 An operating segment is a component of the Company that 
engages in business activities from which it may earn revenue 
and incur expenses, whose operating results are regularly 
reviewed by the Company’s chief operating decision maker 
in order to effectively allocate the Company's resources and 
assess performance.
xvii)  Non-current assets held for sale 
 Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held 
for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally 
through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. 
This condition is regarded as met only when the asset (or 
disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present 
condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary 
for sales of such asset (or disposal group) and its sale is highly 
probable. Management must be committed to the sale, which 
should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed 
sale within one year from the date of classification. 
 Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held 
for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount 
and fair value less costs to sell. 
 Non-current assets are not depreciated or amortised while 
they are classified as held for sale. 
xviii)  Cash and cash equivalents
 For the purpose of presentation in the Statement of Cash 
Flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, 
deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-
term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of 
three months or less that are readily convertible to known 
amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk 
of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are 
shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the Balance 
Sheet.
xix)  Dividend
 Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, 
being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion 
of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but 
not distributed at the end of the reporting period.
xx)  Exceptional Items
 Exceptional items reflect items which individually or, if of 
a similar type, in aggregate, are disclosed separately due to 
their size or incidence in order to obtain clear and consistent 
presentation of the Company’s performance.
2B. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY 
SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY 
 In the application of the material accounting policies, which 
are described in note 2, the directors of the Company are 
required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions 
about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are 
not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and 
associated assumptions are based on historical experience 
and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual 
results may differ from these estimates.
 The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an 
ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised 
in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision 
affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future 
periods if the revision affects both current and future periods. 
(a)   Critical judgements in applying accounting policies 
 The following are the critical judgements, apart from those 
involving estimations that the directors have made in the 
process of applying the accounting policies and that have 
the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the 
financial statements.
(b)   Key sources of estimation uncertainty 
  i)   Contingent Liabilities and Provisions : 
  Contingent Liabilities and Provisions are liabilities of 
uncertain timing or amount and therefore in making 
a reliable estimate of the quantum and timing of 
liabilities judgement is applied and re-evaluated at 
each reporting date.
===== [PAGE 62 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
59
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
  ii)  Useful life and residual value of Property, Plant 
and Equipment : 
  As described in Note 2A(iii), the Company reviews the 
estimated useful life and residual values of property, 
plant and equipment at each reporting date.
  iii)   Impairment 
  Determining whether an asset is impaired requires as 
estimation of fair value/value in use. Such valuation 
requires the Company to estimate the future cash flows 
expected to arise from the cash-generating unit and 
a suitable discount rate in order to calculate present 
value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than 
expected, a material impairment loss may arise.
  iv)   Impairment of Trade Receivables 
  The impairment provisions for trade receivables are 
based on assumptions about risk of default and expected 
loss rates. The Company uses judgement in making these 
assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment 
calculation, based on the Company’s past history, 
existing market conditions as well as forward looking 
estimates at the end of each reporting period.
  v)   Impairment/ Obsolence of Invetory 
  The impairement/obsolence provisions of inventory 
are based on assumptions of its consumption/usage 
in near future whether short term of long term. 
The Company uses its judgement in making these 
assumptions and selecting the inputs based on the past 
historical data, present and future market condition 
estimated at the end of each reporting period.
  vi)   Defined Benefit Obligations 
  The present value of defined benefit obligations is 
determined by discounting the estimated future cash 
outflows by reference to market yields at the end of 
reporting period that have terms approximating to the 
terms of the related obligation. 
  vii)   Deferred Tax Asset 
  Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all 
deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is 
probable that taxable profits will be available against 
which those deductible temporary differences can be 
utilised. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets 
is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and 
reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that 
sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all 
or part of the asset to be recovered. The Company 
recognises Minimum Alternate Tax credit under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961 as an asset only when and to the 
extent there is convincing evidence that the Company 
will be liable to pay normal income tax during the 
specified period.     
===== [PAGE 63 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
60
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
3 Property, plant and equipment
` in Lakhs
Particulars
 Building 
and 
structures 
 Vehicles 
 Data 
processing 
equipments 
(Computer 
Hardware) 
 Office 
equipments 
 Furniture 
and 
fixtures 
 Plant and 
machinery 
 Data 
processing 
equipments 
Lease 
 Total 
Cost or Deemed cost
Balance at April 1, 2023 - - - - - - - -
Transferred through Scheme of arrangement  
(Ref. Note 38)
4,439.14 41.96 220.84 64.39 108.68 16,497.40 5.48 21,377.89
Additions 29.17 54.17 8.32 8.89 20.57 1,095.32 - 1,216.45
Disposal - - 0.99 3.97 - 18.87 - 23.83
Balance at 31st Mar, 2024 4,468.31 96.13 228.17 69.31 129.25 17,573.85 5.48 22,570.51
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
Balance at April 1, 2023 - - - - - - - -
Transferred through Scheme of arrangement  
(Ref. Note 38)
885.68 38.91 85.89 60.40 81.64 11,823.23 5.48 12,981.24
Eliminated on disposals of assets - - 0.80 3.97 - 18.87 - 23.64
Depreciation expense 153.76 3.45 37.38 2.75 5.92 881.92 - 1,085.19
Balance at 31st Mar, 2024 1,039.44 42.37 122.47 59.18 87.56 12,686.28 5.48 14,042.79
Carrying Amount
Balance at April 1, 2023 - - - - - - - -
Balance at 31st Mar, 2024 3,428.87 53.77 105.70 10.13 41.68 4,887.57 - 8,527.72
3A Capital work-in-progress
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
1st Apr. 2023 Additions Amounts 
Capitalised
As at  
March 31, 2024
Capital work in progress (Ref. Note 38)  -  1,305.34  836.68  468.67 
Previous year
Particulars As at  
1st Apr. 2022 Additions Amounts 
Capitalised
As at 
March 31, 2023
Capital work in progress (Ref. Note 38)  -  -  -  - 
Capital work-in-progress- Ageing
Current Year
Particulars Less than 
one year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 3 
years Total
Projects in progess  468.67  -  -  -  468.67 
Projescts temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  - 
Previous year
Particulars Less than one 
year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 3 
years Total
Projects in progess  -  -  -  -  - 
Projescts temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  - 
There are no material Capital work-in-progress whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan significantly.
===== [PAGE 64 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
61
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
3B Other intangible assets (Own, unless otherwise stated)
` in Lakhs
Particulars
As at  
March 31, 2024
 As at  
March 31, 2023 
 Software/ 
Licences acquired 
 Software/ 
Licences acquired 
Cost or Deemed cost
Balance at 1st April, 2023  -  - 
Transferred through Scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38)  307.39  - 
Disposal  20.82  - 
Balance at 31st Mar, 2024  286.57  - 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
Balance at 1st April, 2023  -  - 
Transferred through Scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38)  209.90  - 
Disposals of assets  20.82  - 
Depreciation expense  36.19  - 
Balance at 31st Mar, 2024  225.28  - 
Carrying Amount
Balance at 1st April, 2023  -  - 
Balance at 31st Mar, 2024  61.30  - 
Title deeds of immovable properties not held in the name of company
Descreption of Property
Gross 
Carrying 
Value  
(` in 
Lakhs)
Whether title 
deed holder is 
a promoter, 
director or 
their relative or 
employee
Period held 
-indicate 
range where 
appropriate 
(years)
Reason for not holding in the name of the 
Company
Relevant 
line item in 
the Balance 
Sheet
Plot B-13,Waluj Industrial Area 
Waluj, Aurangabad-431 133
 9.97  No  Less than 1 
Year 
The Property is transferred under scheme 
of arrangement. The company applied to 
superintendent of Stamp for adjudication 
on 2 nd April 2024.The Payment of duty will 
happen after the confirmation of value. 
Property, plant 
and equipment 
Factory Building 1, Factory Building 
2, Office Building and Canteen
 3,428.87  No  Less than 1 
Year 
The Property is transferred under scheme 
of arrangement. The company applied to 
superintendent of Stamp for adjudication 
on 2 nd April 2024.The Payment of duty will 
happen after the confirmation of value. 
Property, plant 
and equipment 
===== [PAGE 65 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
62
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
4. Trade receivables
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at 
 March 31, 2023
Trade receivables 
a) Trade receivables from contract with customers  2,821.49  - 
b) Trade receivables from contract with customers – Related parties (Ref Note 29)  330.38  - 
c) Less: Loss allowance  207.47  - 
Total  2,944.40  - 
Break-up of security details
a) Secured, considered good  72.03  - 
b) Unsecured, considered good  2,872.37  - 
c) Doubtful  207.47  - 
 3,151.86  - 
Less: Allowance for doubtful debts (expected credit loss allowance)  207.47  - 
Total  2,944.40  - 
For Trade receivable from Related parties (Refer Note 29)
The average credit period on sales is approximately 56 days.
There were two customers namely TTI Partners SPC acting for whose outstanding is ` 798.77 Lakhs & Universal Machinery Stores whose 
outstanding was ` 202.71 Lakhs (both other than Intercompany balances) who represent more than 5% of the total balance of trade receivables.
Ageing of Trade receivables for the year ended 31st March, 2024
` in Lakhs
Particular  Not due 
Outstanding for the following periods from the due date
Less than 
6 months
6 months - 
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
Undisputed trade receivables
Considered good  2,531.46  412.94 - - - -  2,944.40 
which have significant increase in credit risk  - 
credit impaired -  12.14  8.80  5.78  9.49  171.26  207.47 
Disputed trade receivables
Considered good  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
which have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  2,531.46  425.08  8.80  5.78  9.49  171.26  3,151.86 
Less: Allowance for losses  207.47 
Total  2,531.46  425.08  8.80  5.78  9.49  171.26  2,944.40 
===== [PAGE 66 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
63
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
Ageing of Trade receivables for the year ended 31st March, 2023
` in Lakhs
Particular  Not due 
Outstanding for the following periods from the due date
Less than 
6 months
6 months - 
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
Undisputed trade receivables
Considered good  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
which have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Disputed trade receivables
Considered good  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
which have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Less: Allowance for losses -
Total  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Movement in the allowance for doubtful debts 
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Opening balance  -  - 
Impairment losses recognised on receivables  21.60  - 
Impairment losses included as part of scheme of arrangement  258.80  - 
Amounts written off during the year as uncollectible  (39.58)  - 
Amounts recovered during the year  (33.35)  - 
Balance at end of the year  207.47  - 
In determining the recoverability of a trade receivable, the Company considers any change in the credit quality of the trade receivable from 
the date credit was initially granted up to the end of the reporting period. The concentration of credit risk is limited due to the fact that the 
customer base is large and unrelated. 
Trade receivables of ` 207.47 Lakhs were impaired. The individually impaired receivables were mainly due to unexpected difficult economic 
situations.
===== [PAGE 67 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
64
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
5. Loans -Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
a) Loans and advances to employees
- Unsecured, considered good  3.26  - 
Total  3.26  - 
Note: The above loans are carried at amortised cost.
6.  Other financial assets
6A. Non current 
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
a) Security deposits
- Unsecured, considered good  94.53  - 
Total  94.53  - 
6B. Current 
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
a) Contractually reimbursable expenses from related parties (Ref Note 29)
- Receivable due to Scheme of Arrangement (Ref Note 39)  881.93  - 
- Receivable from Related Parties  255.90  - 
Total  1,137.83  - 
7.  Inventories
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Inventories (lower of cost and net realisable value)
Raw materials including packing materials  920.50  - 
Work-in-progress  1,130.71  - 
Finished goods  1,608.90  - 
Stores and spares  186.76  - 
Total  3,846.87  - 
===== [PAGE 68 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
65
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
8.  Cash and cash equivalents
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Balances with Banks 
a) In Current Accounts  1,595.63  5.00 
Total  1,595.63  5.00 
9.  Other assets
9A.  Non Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
a) Capital Advances  278.56  - 
b) Prepaid expenses  18.13  - 
c) Balances with Government authorities
- Doubtful  39.29  - 
Less : Allowance for doubtful balances  39.29  - 
Total  296.69  - 
9B. Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
a) Advances for supply of goods and services
- Unsecured, considered good  24.59  - 
- Doubtful  0.33  - 
Less : Allowance for doubtful advances  0.33  - 
 24.59  - 
b) Prepaid expenses  40.05  - 
c) Balances with government authorities  0.00  0.07 
d) Export incentives receivables  23.60  - 
Total  88.25  0.07 
===== [PAGE 69 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
66
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
10.  Equity share capital
` in Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2024 
 As at  
March 31, 2023 
Authorised Share capital :
7,80,00,000 fully paid equity shares of ` 10 each (Previous year 50,000 fully sharesof `10 each)  7,800.00  5.00 
 7,800.00  5.00 
Issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital:
5,15,94,464 fully paid equity shares of ` 10 each (Previous year 50,000 fully sharesof `10 each) 
(Ref. Note 38)
 5,159.45  5.00 
 5,159.45  5.00 
Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity shares having a par value of ` 10 per share. Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining 
assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares 
held by the shareholders.
1 Details of shares held by the holding company, its subsidiaries and associates
Particulars
Fully paid Equity shares
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
 As at  
March 31, 2023 
Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited, the holding company  3,74,37,172  - 
Forbes & Company Limited (Cancellation of Shares as per scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38))  -  50,000 
Total  3,74,37,172  50,000 
2 Details of shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares
Particulars
Fully paid Equity shares
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
 As at  
March 31, 2023 
 As at  
March 31, 2023 
Number of 
shares held 
% holding in the 
class of shares
Number of 
shares held 
% holding in the 
class of shares
Fully paid equity shares
Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited  3,74,37,172  72.56  -  - 
India Discovery Fund Limited  45,93,020  8.90  -  - 
Forbes & Company Limited  -  -  50,000  100.00 
Total  4,20,30,192  81.46  50,000  100.00 
===== [PAGE 70 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
67
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
3 Details of shareholding of promoters
Name of the promoter
Fully paid Equity shares
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
 As at  
March 31, 2023 
Number of 
shares held 
Number of 
shares held 
Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited  3,74,37,172  - 
Forbes Campbell Finance Limited  6,65,592  - 
Forbes & Company Limited  -  50,000 
Total  3,81,02,764  50,000 
11. Other equity
` in Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2024 
 As at  
March 31, 2023 
a) Reserves and surplus
Retained earnings 
Balance at beginning of the year  (1.18)  - 
Impact due to Scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38)  9,744.35  (1.18)
Deferred Tax liability (Ref Note 38)  (234.44)  - 
Profit for the year  2,971.11  - 
Balance at end of the year  12,479.84  (1.18)
Capital Reserve on account of the Scheme of arrangement
Balance at beginning of the year  -  - 
Impact due to Scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38)  (3,864.58)  - 
Balance at end of the year  (3,864.58)  - 
b) Other Comprehensive Income
Balance at beginning of year  -  - 
Impact due to Scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38)  (5.67)  - 
Add: Current year OCI  6.29  - 
Balance at end of the year  0.62  - 
Total  8,615.88  (1.18)
Description of Reserves
Retained earnings - Retained earnings represent the amount of accumulated earnings of the Company
Other Comprehensive income: Other comprehensive income comprises items of income and expense (including reclassification adjustments) 
that are not recognised in profit or loss as required or permitted by other Ind As.
Capital Reserve on account of the Scheme of arrangement: The diffrerence between Paid up share capital of FCL and Paid up share 
capital issued by FPTL in terms of scheme of arrangement is considered as negative capital reserve.
===== [PAGE 71 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
68
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
12. Non-current Borrowings
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Non-current Current 
maturities
As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
(a) Term loans 
From banks
i) DCB Bank Limited Term Loan - under the Central Government 
launched Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme 2.0 (ECLGS 
2.0) - Secured by second charge on leasehold land and factory 
building together with Plant & Machinery and other support 
facilities situated at Waluj, MIDC, Aurangabad.
[Repayable in 48 equated monthly installments, after moratorium 
of 12 months. First installment is due on 4 th April, 2022 and last 
installment is due on 4th March, 2026. Rate of interest is MCLR + 
0.81% spread with a cap of 9.25% p.a. during entire tenure of the 
loan
Pursuant to Scheme of arrangement the said Term Loan is 
transferred to the company. (Ref Note 38)
 294.15  248.25  - 
Less: Amount disclosed under “Current Borrowings”  -  (248.25)  - 
Total  294.15  -  - 
13. Other financial liabilities
13A.  Non Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Security deposits  95.15  - 
Total  95.15  - 
13B.  Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
a) Interest accrued but not due on borrowings  3.56  - 
b) Others :-
- Payables on purchase of fixed assets  452.79  - 
- Security deposits  28.49  - 
- Other Payables to Related parties (Ref Note 29)  53.38  - 
Total  538.22  - 
===== [PAGE 72 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
69
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
14. Provisions
14A.  Non current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
a) Employee benefits
Compensated absences  122.52  - 
Gratuity (Ref Note 30)  435.04  - 
Total  557.56  - 
14B.  Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Employee benefits
Compensated absences  56.28  - 
Gratuity (Ref Note 30)  72.95  - 
Other Provisions  -  0.75 
Total  129.23  0.75 
15.  Deferred tax balances
The following is the analysis of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) presented in the Balance Sheet:
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Deferred tax liabilities  236.77  - 
Net  236.77  - 
Particulars
 
Opening 
balance 
Transferred 
pursuent to Scheme 
of Arrangement  
(Ref Note 38)
 Recognised 
in Statement 
of Profit and 
Loss 
 Recognised 
in Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
 Closing 
balance 
Deferred tax (liabilities)/assets in relation to:
a) Property, plant and equipment  -  (378.89)  10.15  -  (368.75)
b) Right of Use Assets  -  (9.33)  (77.02)  -  (86.35)
c) Lease Liability  -  7.75  78.13  -  85.89 
d) Allowances for doubtful debts and advances -  75.25  (13.06)  -  62.19 
e) Defined benefit obligation - - - -  - 
f) Provisions and liabilities to be allowed on 
payment basis
 -  70.78  (17.07)  (2.12)  51.59 
g) Stamp duty/ROC fees -  -  15.16  -  15.16 
h) Disallowance u/s 40(a)(ia) -  -  3.50  -  3.50 
Total  -  (234.44)  (0.21)  (2.12)  (236.77)
===== [PAGE 73 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
70
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
16.  Other liabilities
Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
a) Advances from customers  30.42  - 
b) Statutory remittances  133.56  - 
c) Others
- Payable to Employees  696.35  - 
- Others  2.29  - 
Total  862.61  - 
17.  Borrowings
Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Current maturities of long term borrowings  248.25  - 
Total  248.25  - 
18.  Trade payables
Current
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Micro and small enterprises  782.35  0.43 
Others (includes due to related parties as per Note 29)  1,387.07  0.07 
 Total  2,169.43  0.50 
Trade Payable as on 31st March 2024
` in Lakhs
Particulars  Not due 
Outstanding for the following periods from the due date
6 months - 
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
Undisputed trade payables
Micro enterprises and small enterprises  782.35  -  -  -  -  782.35 
Others  1,329.13  57.94  -  -  -  1,387.07 
Disputed trade receivables
Micro enterprises and small enterprises - - - - -  - 
Others - - - - -  - 
Total  2,111.49  57.94  -  -  -  2,169.43 
===== [PAGE 74 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
71
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
Trade Payable as on 31st March 2023
Particulars  Not due 
Outstanding for the following periods from the due date
6 months -  
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years Total
Undisputed trade payables
Micro enterprises and small enterprises  0.43  -  -  - -  0.43 
Others  0.07  -  -  -  -  0.07 
Disputed trade receivables
Micro enterprises and small enterprises - - - - -  - 
Others - - - - -  - 
Total  0.50  -  -  -  -  0.50 
The information as required under Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, has been determined to the extent such 
parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Company and relied upon by Auditors, is as follows:-
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Principal amount due to suppliers registered under the MSMED Act and remaining unpaid as at 
year end
 675.70  0.43 
Interest paid, under Section 16 of MSMED Act, to suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, 
beyond the appointed day during the year
 (87.69)  - 
Interest due and payable towards suppliers registered under MSMED Act, for payments already 
made
 25.31  - 
Further interest remaining due and payable for earlier years  169.03  - 
19.  Income tax assets and liabilities
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Tax assets
Taxes paid (including tax deducted at source / self assessment tax)  851.41 -
 851.41 -
Tax liabilities
Income tax payable (net)  1,011.71 -
 1,011.71 -
Net Asset  (160.30) -
Movement during the year
Balance at the beginning of the year  -  - 
Add: Taxes paid (including tax deducted at source / self assessment tax)  851.41  - 
Less: Current tax payable for the year  (1,011.71)  - 
Balance at the year end  (160.30)  - 
===== [PAGE 75 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
72
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
20. Revenue from operations
The following is an analysis of the Company’s revenue for the year from continuing operations.
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
 a) Sales
Sale of products
i) Finished Goods  22,351.66  - 
ii) Traded Good  231.15  - 
 22,582.81  - 
Sale of services
i) Service income  78.66  - 
 78.66  - 
 b)  Other operating revenues 
i) Export incentives  105.75  - 
ii) Others (mainly includes scrap sales)  82.45  - 
 188.20  - 
Total (a+b)  22,849.66  - 
21. Other Income
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
a) Interest Income
Interest income earned on financial assets that are not designated as at fair value 
through profit or loss:
i)  Bank deposits  7.81  - 
ii)  Customers and others  9.16  - 
Total (a)  16.97  - 
b) Other Non-Operating Income
i)  Credit balances / excess provision written back  15.36  - 
ii)  Gain on termination of lease (Ref Note 31)  3.78  - 
iii)  Miscellaneous income (mainly includes recoveries from group companies)  66.28  - 
Total (b)  85.41  - 
c) Other gains and losses
i) Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  3.56  - 
Total (c)  3.56  - 
Total (a + b + c)  105.94  - 
===== [PAGE 76 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
73
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
22. A. Cost of materials consumed (raw and packing materials)
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
Opening stock of raw materials including packing materials
Raw materials including packing materials through scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38)  470.57  - 
Purchases  8,499.98  - 
 8,970.55  - 
Less: Closing stock of raw materials including packing materials  920.50  - 
 8,050.05  - 
Consumption is arrived at on the basis of Acquisition through scheme of arrangement plus 
purchases less closing stock and includes the adjustments of excess and shortage as ascertained 
on physical count. (Ref. Note 38)
B. Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade.
 a) Inventories at the end of the year:
  i) Finished goods  1,608.90  - 
  ii)  Work-in-progress  1,130.71  - 
 2,739.61  - 
 b) Inventories Acquisition through scheme of arrangement (Ref. Note 38)
  i)  Finished goods  1,137.19  - 
  ii) Work-in-progress  1,028.67  - 
  iii)  Stock-in-trade  353.70  - 
 2,519.57  - 
Net increase (b)-(a)  (220.04)  - 
23. Employee benefits expense
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
i) Salaries and Wages  3,594.49  - 
ii) Contribution to provident and other funds (Refer Note 30)  241.38  - 
iii) Staff Welfare Expenses  270.64  - 
Total  4,106.51  - 
===== [PAGE 77 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
74
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
24. Finance costs
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
(a) Interest costs :-
i) Interest on bank overdrafts and loans  76.93  - 
ii) Interest on loans from related parties  1.08  - 
ii) Interest expenses on lease liabilities  10.63  - 
iii) Delayed payment of taxes  0.59  - 
iv) Other interest expense  25.31  - 
 114.55  - 
(b) Other borrowing costs  1.32  - 
Total  115.86  - 
25. Depreciation and amortisation expense
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
i) Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (Refer Note 3)  1,085.19  - 
ii) Depreciation Right-of-use assets (Ref Note 31)  23.21  - 
iii) Amortisation of intangible assets (Refer Note 3)  36.19  - 
Total  1,144.59  - 
26. Other expenses
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
Consumption of stores and spare parts  810.36  - 
Processing charges  1,418.33  - 
Power and fuel  555.94  - 
Service charges  567.58  - 
Rent and hire charges  2.66  - 
Repairs and maintenance to :
i) Buildings  45.35  - 
ii)  Plant and machinery  371.82  - 
iii)  Others  226.76  - 
 643.93  - 
Insurance  44.27  - 
Rates and taxes  46.68  0.03 
Selling expenses, commission and brokerage  35.02  - 
Freight and outward charges  352.70  - 
Advertisement and sales promotion  195.49  - 
Printing and Stationery  39.59  - 
Communication  32.77  - 
===== [PAGE 78 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
75
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
Legal and professional charges  327.05  0.40 
Travelling and conveyance  240.50  - 
Trade receivables written off  39.35  - 
Less: Provision held  (39.35)  - 
 -  - 
Provision for doubtful loans and advances  (0.57)  - 
Corporate social responsibility expenditure (Refer Note 1 below)  -  - 
Net loss on Foreign currency transactions and translations  6.79  - 
Security Expenses  59.41  - 
Miscellaneous expenses  249.36  - 
Auditors remuneration 
To Statutory Auditors
i)  For audit  10.00  0.75 
ii)  For other services & Certifications  5.00  - 
 15.00  0.75 
To Cost auditors  4.01  - 
 19.01  0.75 
Total  5,646.88  1.18 
Note 1: Details of Corporate social responsibility expenditure:
As per Section 135 of the Act, a Company does not meet the applicability threshold, thus Corporate social responsibility expenditure is not 
applicable for the FY ended 31st March 2024 & FY ended 31st March 2023.
27. Income taxes
Income tax recognised in profit or loss
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
For Continuing operations
Current tax
In respect of the current year  1,011.71  - 
 1,011.71  - 
Deferred tax
In respect of the current year  2.33  - 
 2.33  - 
Total income tax expense recognised in the current year relating to continuing Operations  1,014.04  - 
26. Other expenses (Contd.)
===== [PAGE 79 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
76
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
` in Lakhs
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
Profit before tax from total operations  3,983.03  (1.18)
Income tax expense calculated at 25.168% (2022-23: 25.168%)  1,002.45  - 
Effect of expense that is non deductible in determining taxable profit  6.37  - 
Effect of tax incentives and concession  2.09  - 
Others  1.01  - 
Income tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  1,011.92  - 
Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income
Others
Deferred tax
Re-measurement of defined benefit obligation  2.12  - 
Total income tax expense recognised in other comprehensive income  2.12  - 
28. The calculation of profit attributable to equity shareholders and weighted average number of equity shares
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
Profit / (loss) for the period attributable to the owners of company ` in Lakhs  2,971.11  (1.18)
Face value per equity share  10.00  10.00 
Weighted average number of equity shares shares for the purpose of basic earning per share 
(Nos)
 26,85,739  50,000 
Basic and diluted earnings per equity share  110.63  (2.35)
Basic Earning Per share
The earnings and weighted average number of equity shares used in the calculation of basic earning per share are as follows:
 Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Year ended  
March 31, 2023 
Profit / (loss) for the period attributable to the owners of company ` in Lakhs  2,971.11  (1.18)
Weighted average number of equity shares shares for the purpose of basic earning per share 
(Nos)
 26,85,739  50,000 
Note 1: As per the Scheme of Arrangement, FPTL issued and allotted four fully paid-up equity shares of ` 10/- each for every one fully 
paid-up equity share of ` 10/- each held by the equity shareholders of the Demerged Company (FCL) as on the Record Date. The issuance 
and allotment of equity shares took place on 13th March 2024. The total number of issued and allotted equity shares is 5,15,94,464, which has 
been diluted for a weighted average equity share of 26,85,739. As per IND AS 33, the weighted average of equity shares has been calculated 
from the acquisition date. Based on the above consideration, the EPS (earnings per share) is calculated to be ` 110.63 per share. However, if 
the appointed date, which is April 01, 2023, is considered as the acquisition date, then the EPS calculated is `. 5.76 per share.
27. Income taxes (Contd.)
The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:
===== [PAGE 80 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
77
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
29. Related Party Disclosures
(a)  Name of the Related Parties and Description of Relationship:
Nature of Relationship Name of Entity  (Where there are transactions)
A Holding Company Shapoorji Pallonji & Company Private Limited
B Fellow Subsidiaries (Where there are transactions) Forbes & Company Limited
Forbes Campbell Finance Ltd.
Campbell Properties & Hospitality Services Ltd.
Forvol International Services Ltd.
Sterling And Wilson Renewable Energy Ltd.
Forbes Macsa Pvt Ltd
` in Lakhs
 A  B  B  B  B 
 Shapoorji 
Pallonji and 
Company 
Private Ltd. 
 Parties in 
A above 
 Forbes & 
Company 
Limited 
 Forbes 
Campbell 
Finance 
Ltd. 
 Campbell 
Properties & 
Hospitality 
Services Ltd. 
 Forvol 
International 
Services Ltd. 
 Parties in 
B above  Total 
  Balances
 1 Trade Payables and Capital Creditors  -  -  477.48  0.62  0.06  0.64  478.80  478.80 
 2  Trade Receivable  -  -  330.38  -  -  -  330.38  330.38 
 3 Receivable pursuent to the Scheme of 
arrangement 
 -  -  881.93  -  -  -  881.93  881.93 
  Purchases / Services
 4  Fixed Assets/ Goods & Materials  -  -  437.59  -  -  -  437.59  437.59 
  Expenses
 5  Rent  -  -  9.99  0.69  -  -  10.68  10.68 
 6 Travelling and conveyance expenses  -  -  -  -  0.05  1.37  1.42  1.42 
 7  Interest Paid  -  -  1.08  -  -  -  1.08  1.08 
  Other Receipts / Payments
 8  Other Reimbursements (Receipt)  -  -  1,719.00  -  -  -  1,719.00  1,719.00 
 9 Other Reimbursements (Payment)  -  -  63.17  -  -  -  63.17  63.17 
  Finance
 10  ICD taken  -  -  75.00  -  -  -  75.00  75.00 
 11  ICD Repayment  -  -  75.00  -  -  -  75.00  75.00 
Terms and conditions:-
a)   All outstanding balances are unsecured and are repayable as per terms of credit and settlement occurs in cash.
b)   All related party transactions entered during the year were in ordinary course of business and on arms length basis.
c)   The Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables related to amounts owed by related parties except as stated above.
===== [PAGE 81 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
78
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
` in Lakhs
 A  B  B  B  B  B  B 
 Shapoorji Pallonji 
and Company 
Private Ltd. 
 Parties in 
A above 
 Forbes & 
Company 
Limited 
 Forbes 
Campbell 
Finance 
Ltd. 
 Campbell 
Properties & 
Hospitality 
Services Ltd. 
 Forvol 
International 
Services Ltd. 
Sterling 
And Wilson 
Renewable 
Energy Ltd.
Forbes 
Macsa Pvt 
Ltd
 Parties in B 
above  Total 
  Balances 
 1 Trade Payables and Capital Creditors  22.98  22.98  -  1.08  2.59  2.90  2.60  -  9.17  32.15 
 2 Interest accrued on investment / loan  -  -  0.66  -  -  -  -  -  0.66  0.66 
 3 Advance for Supply of Goods and Services and Prepaid Exps.  7.66  7.66  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  7.66 
 4 Receivable persuent to the Scheme of arrangement  -  2,725.58  2,725.58  2,725.58 
 5 Deposits/ICD Payable  -  -  75.00  -  -  -  -  -  75.00  75.00 
  Expenses
 6 Rent  -  -  -  6.60  -  -  -  -  6.60  6.60 
 7 Travelling and conveyance expenses  -  -  -  -  4.22  55.04  -  -  59.26  59.26 
 8 Legal and professional charges  84.27  84.27  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  84.27 
 9 Repairs and Maintenance  115.48  115.48  -  -  -  -  4.37  -  4.37  119.85 
 10 Selling expenses, commission and brokerage  -  -  -  -  -  91.86  -  -  91.86  91.86 
 11 Interest Paid  -  -  0.66  -  -  -  -  -  0.66  0.66 
  Income
 12 Rent and amenities  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  41.35  41.35  41.35 
  Other Receipts / Payments
 13 Other Reimbursements (Receipt)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  8.91  8.91  8.91 
  Finance
 14  ICD taken  -  -  75.00  -  -  -  -  -  75.00  75.00 
Terms and conditions:-
a)  All outstanding balances are unsecured and are repayable as per terms of credit and settlement occurs in cash.
b)  All related party transactions entered during the year were in ordinary course of business and on arms length basis.
c)  The Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables related to amounts owed by related parties except as stated above.
d) The Balances and Transaction shown above are carried forward due to the Scheme of arrangement. (Ref. Note 38)
===== [PAGE 82 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
79
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
30. Employee Benefits :
 Brief description of the Plans:
 The Company has various schemes for long term employees benefits such as Provident Fund, Gratuity,  Employees State Insurance 
Fund (ESIC) and Employees’ Pension Scheme and Compensated absences.  The Company’s defined contribution plans are Employees 
State Insurance Fund,Provident Fund, and Employees’ Pension Scheme (under the provisions of the Employees’ Provident Funds and 
Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952). The Company has no further obligation beyond making the contributions to such plans. The 
Company’s defined benefit plans include  Gratuity.
 Gratuity
 The Company provides for gratuity payable to employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are 
in continuous service for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of gratuity payable on retirement/termination is 
the employees last drawn basic salary per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number of years of 
service. 
 The gratuity plan is a funded plan. The company having a plan to retail gratuity fund seperately in future.The Company accounts for 
gratuity benefits payable in future based on an independent external actuarial valuation carried out at the end of the year using the 
Projected Unit Credit method.
 The Company actively monitors how the duration and the expected yield of the investments are matching the expected cash outflows 
arising from the employee benefit obligations, with the objective that assets of the gratuity / provident fund obligations match the 
benefit payments as they fall due.
 Provident Fund
 The eligible employees of the Company are entitled to receive post-employment benefits in respect of provident fund, in which both 
the employees and the Company make monthly contributions at a specified percentage as applicable of the employees’ eligible salary. 
The contributions are made to the Employees provident fund department.
 Longevity risk
 The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants 
both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
 Salary risk
 The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan participants. As such, an 
increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
I.  Charge to the Statement of Profit and Loss based on contributions:
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Year Ended
As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Employer’s contribution to Regional Provident Fund Office  65.90  - 
Employer’s contribution to Superannuation Fund  31.15  - 
Employer's contribution to Employees' State Insurance Corportion and other funds  38.99  - 
Included in Contribution to Provident and Other Funds (Refer Note 23)
===== [PAGE 83 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
80
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
II.  Disclosures for defined benefit plans based on actuarial valuation reports :-
A.  Change in Defined Benefit Obligation
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2023
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2023
Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation as at beginning of the year  -  -  -  - 
Current Service Cost  4.63  -  -  - 
Liability Transferred In for employees joined  513.34  -  -  - 
Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation as at the end of the year  517.98  -  -  - 
B.  Changes in the Fair Value of Assets
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2023
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2023
Fair Value of Plan Assets as at beginning of the year  -  -  -  - 
Contributions from employer  10.00  -  -  - 
Fair Value of Plan Assets as at the end of the year  10.00  -  -  - 
C.  Amount recognised in the Balance Sheet
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2023
As at  
March 31, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2023
Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation as at the end of the year  517.98  -  -  - 
Fair Value of Plan Assets as at end of the year  10.00  -  -  - 
Net Liability recognised in the Balance Sheet  507.98  -  -  - 
Recognised under:
Non - current provision  435.04  -  -  - 
Current provision  82.94  -  -  - 
===== [PAGE 84 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
81
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
D.  Expenses recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2023
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2023
Current Service Cost  4.63  -  -  - 
Total Expenses recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  4.63  - -  - 
E.  Expenses Recognized in the Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) for the Year
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2023
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2023
Actuarial (Gains)/Losses on Obligation for the Year - Due to changes 
in financial assumptions
 -  -  -  - 
Actuarial (Gains)/Losses on Obligation for the Year - Due to experience 
adjustment
 -  -  -  - 
Return on Plan Assets, excluding Interest Income  -  -  -  - 
Actuarial (Gains)/Losses on Obligation for the Year - Due to changes 
in demographic assumptions
 -  -  -  - 
Net (Income)/Expense For the year Recognized in OCI  -  -  -  - 
F.  Principal actuarial assumptions used:
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2023
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2023
Discount Rate (per annum) 7.18%  -  -  - 
Salary escalation rate 4.50%  -  -  - 
Rate of employee turnover 17.24%  -  -  - 
===== [PAGE 85 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
82
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
G.  Movements in the present value of net defined benefit obligation are as follows:
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2023
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2023
Opening Net Liability  -  -  -  - 
Expenses Recognized in Statement of Profit or Loss  4.63  -  -  - 
Expenses Recognized in OCI  -  -  -  - 
Benefit Paid Directly by the Employer  -  -  -  - 
Employer's Contribution  (10.00)  -  -  - 
Net Liability Recognized in the Balance Sheet  507.98  -  -  - 
H.  Category of Assets
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Gratuity
As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Insurance fund  10.00  - 
Total  10.00  - 
The Plan Asset  for the funded gratuity plan are administered by Life Insurance Corporation of India (‘LIC’) as per the Investment Pattern 
stipulated for Pension and Group Schemes Fund by Insurance Regulatory Development Authority Regulations.
I.  Other D etails
Particulars
Gratuity (Funded)
Others (Post Retirement 
medical and non compete fees) 
(Non funded)
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2023
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2023
Number of Active Members  489  -  -  - 
Per Month Salary for Active Members (` in Lakhs) 72.93  -  -  - 
Weighted Average Duration of the Projected Benefit Obligation 4  -  -  - 
Average Expected Future Service (Years) 4  -  -  - 
Projected Benefit Obligation (PBO) (` in Lakhs)  517.98  -  -  - 
Prescribed Contribution For Next Year (12 Months) (` in Lakhs)  72.93  -  -  - 
===== [PAGE 86 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
83
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
J.  Cash Flow Projection: From the Fund
` in Lakhs
Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years From the Date of 
Reporting
Estimated for 
the 
Estimated for 
the 
Estimated for 
the 
Estimated for 
the 
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2024
Gratuity Other Post Employment 
Benefits
1st Following Year  166.07  -  -  - 
2nd Following Year  70.49  -  -  - 
3rd Following Year  93.82  -  -  - 
4th Following Year  66.03  -  -  - 
5th Following Year  48.88  -  -  - 
Sum of Years 6 To 10  136.71  -  -  - 
K.  Sensitivity Analysis
` in Lakhs
As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Gratuity
Impact of +1% Change in Rate of Discounting  (12.83)  - 
Impact of -1% Change in Rate of Discounting  13.80  - 
Impact of +1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase  14.02  - 
Impact of -1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase  (13.27)  - 
Impact of +1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover  0.62  - 
Impact of -1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover  (0.73)  - 
The above sensitivity analysis are based on change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely 
to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to 
significant actuarial assumptions the same method (present value of the defined benefit obligation calculated with the projected unit credit 
method at the end of the reporting period) has been applied as when calculating the defined benefit liability recognised in the balance sheet.
The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant 
factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
L.  The liability for Compensated absences as at year end is ` 178.80 Lakhs (Previous year Nil) (Refer Note 14).
Leave encashment policy has funded by company on 16th April 2024 with a transfer from Forbes & Company Limited as per the Scheme of 
arrangement. (Ref Note 39)
The Company provides for encashment of leave or leave with pay subject to certain rules. The employees are entitled to accumulate leave 
subject to certain limits for future encashment / availment.  The Company makes provision for compensated absences based on an actuarial 
valuation carried out at the end of the year using the Projected Unit Credit method.  Leave obligations not expected to be settled in the next 
12 months is ` 123.83 Lakhs (Previous year Nil).
===== [PAGE 87 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
84
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
31 Leases
Lessee accounting 
(i)  Amounts recognized in Balance Sheet
The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Right-of-use assets
Office premises  333.14  - 
Land  9.95  - 
Total  343.09  - 
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Lease liabilities
Non-current  216.00  - 
Current  125.25  - 
Total  341.25  - 
(ii)  Right-of-use assets for the year ended 31st March, 2024.
` in Lakhs
Particulars
Office Premises Land
As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2024
Cost or Deemed cost
Balance at 31st Mar, 2023  49.98  - 
Additions  344.88  16.50 
Disposals  49.98  - 
Balance at 31st Mar, 2024  344.88  16.50 
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at 31st Mar, 2023  23.03  6.37 
Depreciation expense for the year  23.04  0.17 
Disposals  34.33  - 
Balance at 31st Mar, 2024  11.74  6.54 
Carrying Amount
Balance at 31st Mar, 2024  333.14  9.95 
===== [PAGE 88 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
85
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
(iii)  Amounts recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss.
The Statement of Profit and Loss shows the following amounts relating to leases:
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets 
Office Premises  23.04 
Land  0.17 
Total  23.21 
Interest expense on lease liability (included in finance cost)  10.63 
Total  33.84 
During the  year, Pursuent to scheme of arrangement the old lease agreements terminated and new agreements are entered into consequently. 
the difference between the carrying amounts  of the right-of-use asset and the lease liability recorded in the statement of profit or loss as a 
gain or loss and such gain shown under other income. 
(iv)   Critical judgements in determining the lease term 
In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that creates an economic incentive to exercise an extension 
option, or not to exercise a termination option. Extension option (or period after termination option) are only included in the lease term if the 
lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated). The majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by 
the Company and not by the respective lessor. 
For the leases of offices premises, the following factors are normally the most relevant: 
1. If there is significant penalties to terminate (or not extend), the Company is typically reasonably certain to extend (or not 
terminate). 
2.   If any leasehold improvements are expected to have a significant remaining value, the Company is typically reasonably certain to 
extend (or not terminate) 
3.   Otherwise, the Company considers the other factors including historical lease duration and the costs and business disruption required 
to replace the leased asset. 
The lease term is reassessed if an option is actually exercised (or not exercised) or the Company becomes obliged to exercise it. The 
assessment of reasonably certainty is only revised if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs, which affects this 
assessment, and that is within control of lessee. 
===== [PAGE 89 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
86
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
32. Financial Instruments
32.1 Capital Management
The Company manages its capital to ensure that it will be able to continue as going concern while maximising the return to stakeholders 
through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The capital structure of the Company consists of total equity of the Company.
The Company determines the amount of capital required on the basis of annual as well as long term operating plans and other strategic 
investment plans. The funding requirements are met through non convertible debt securities or other long-term /short-term borrowings. 
The Company monitors the capital structure on the basis of total debt to equity ratio and maturity profile of the overall debt portfolio of the 
Company.
The capital components of the Company are as given below:
` in Lakhs
Particular As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Total Equity  13,775.33  3.82 
Long Term Borrowings  294.15  - 
Current Maturities of Long Term Borrowings  248.25  - 
Lease Liabilities  341.25  - 
Total Debt  883.65  - 
Cash and Cash equivalents  1,595.63  5.00 
Net Debt  (711.98)  (5.00)
Debt Equity ratio  0.06  - 
Debt Equity Ratio = Total Debt / Total Equity
===== [PAGE 90 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
87
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
32.2 Financial risk management objectives
The Management monitors and manages the financial risks to the operations of the Company. These risks include market risk, credit risk and 
liquidity risk.
Ratios (Ref Note 38) Numerator Denominator As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2023 Reason for Variance*
Current Ratio Current assets Current liabilities 1.89 4.05
Debt-Equity Ratio Total debt Total equity 6% 0% For FY 22-23 , there was no Debt, thus debt 
equity ratio couldn’t be calculated.*
Debt Service Coverage 
Ratio
Earning for debt Debt service 6.06 0.00 For FY 22-23 , there was no Debt, thus debt 
service ceoverage ratio couldn’t be calculated.*
Return on Equity Ratio Net profit after 
tax
Average 
shareholders 
equity.
43% -31% For FY 22-23 , there was no sales and few 
expenses incurred. Hence return on equity was 
negative.*
Inventory turnover ratio 
(times)
COGS Average 
inventory
4.14 0.00 For FY 22-23 , there was no Clsosing inventory, 
thus Inventory turnover ratio could not be 
calculated.*
Trade Receivables 
turnover ratio (times)
Credit sales Average trade 
receivable
15.52 0.00 For FY 22-23 , there was no sales as well as 
debtors, thus Trade Receivable turnover ratio 
could not be calculated.*
Trade payables turnover 
ratio (times)
Net Credit 
Purchases
Average Trade 
Payables
8.58 0.00 For FY 22-23 , there was no purchases thus Trade 
payable turnover ratio could not be calculated.*
Net capital turnover ratio 
(times)
Credit sales working capital 5.04 0.00 For FY 22-23 , there was no sales, thus Net 
capital turnover ratio could not be calculated.*
Net profit ratio Net profit after 
tax
Revenue from 
operations
13% 0% For FY 22-23 , there was no sales thus Net profit 
ratio Couldn’t be calculated.*
Return on Capital 
employed
Earnings before 
interest and tax
capital employed 30% -31% For FY 22-23 , there was no sales and few 
expenses incurred. Hence return on Capital 
employed was negative.*
Return on investment Earnings before 
interest and tax
Closing total 
assets
20% -23% For FY 22-23 , there was no sales and few 
expenses incurred. Hence return on investment 
was negative.*
*Reasons for Variances are only provided for the change in th ratios by more than 25% as compared to the ratios of Previous year. Pursuant 
to scheme of arrangement, there were no business operation in FY 2022-23, therefore ratios couldn’t be calculated. (Ref Note 38)
32.3 Market Risk
The Company’s activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. 
32.4 Credit risk management
Trade receivables 
Trade receivables are generally unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers. On account of adoption of Ind AS 109, the 
Company uses expected credit loss model to assess the impairment loss or gain. The Company uses a provision matrix and forward-looking 
information and an assessment of the credit risk over the expected life of the financial asset to compute the expected credit loss allowance 
for trade receivables. Historical experience of collecting receivables of the Company is supported by low level of past default and hence the 
credit risk is perceived to be low.
Other Financial assets
The credit risk on liquid funds and derivative financial instruments is limited because the counterparties are mutual funds and banks with high 
credit-ratings assigned by credit-rating agencies.
===== [PAGE 91 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
88
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
32.5 Liquidity Risk
Liquidity Risk refers to insufficiency of funds to meet the financial obligations. Liquidity Risk Management implies maintenance of sufficient cash 
and marketable securities and the availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit lines to meet obligations when due.
The Company manages liquidity risk by banking facilities and by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows, and by assessing 
the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. The below table sets out details of additional undrawn facilities that the Company has 
at its disposal to further reduce liquidity risk. 
The following tables detail the Company’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities with agreed repayment 
periods. The tables have been drawn up based on the earliest date on which the Company can be required to pay. The tables include both 
principal and interest cash flows.
` in Lakhs
Maturities of Financial Liabilities as at the Balance Sheet 
date
As at March 31, 2024
 Upto 1 year  1 to 3 years  3 to 5 years  5 years & above 
Borrowings (includes interest)  288.05  286.08  -  - 
Trade Payables  2,169.42  -  -  - 
Other Financial Liabilities  3,067.60  331.92  -  - 
Lease liability  125.25  216.00  -  - 
 5,650.32  834.00  -  - 
Maturities of Financial Liabilities as at the Balance Sheet 
date
As at March 31, 2023
 Upto 1 year  1 to 3 years  3 to 5 years  5 years & above 
Trade Payables  0.50  -  -  - 
Other Financial Liabilities  0.75  -  -  - 
 1.25  -  -  - 
32.6  Categories of Financial Instruments:
` in Lakhs
Particular
As at March 31, 2024
FVTPL FVTOCI Amortised Cost
Financial Assets
Loans  -  -  3.26 
Cash and Bank Balances  -  -  1,595.63 
Trade Receivables  -  -  2,944.40 
Other Financial Assets  -  -  1,226.08 
 -  -  5,769.37 
Financial liabilities
Borrowings  -  -  542.40 
Trade Payables  -  -  2,169.42 
Other Financial Liabilities  -  -  1,495.98 
Lease liability  -  -  341.25 
 -  -  4,549.05 
===== [PAGE 92 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
89
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
Particular
As at March 31, 2023
FVTPL FVTOCI Amortised Cost
Financial Assets
Cash and Bank Balances  -  -  5.00 
Other Financial Assets  -  -  0.07 
 -  -  5.07 
Financial liabilities
Trade Payables  -  -  0.50 
Other Financial Liabilities  -  -  0.75 
 -  -  1.25 
32.7 Derivatives Instruments and unhedged Foreign Currency (FC) exposure
The Company is exposed to Currency Risk arising from its trade exposures and capital/Loan receipt/payments denominated, in other than the 
Functional Currency. The Company has a Foreign Exchange Risk Management policy within which the treasury has to perform and also lays 
down the checks and controls to ensure the continuing success of the treasury function. The Company has defined strategies for addressing 
the risks for each category of exposures (e.g. for exports , for imports, for loans, etc.). The centralised treasury function aggregates the foreign 
exchange exposure and takes prudent measures to hedge the exposure based on prevalent macro-economic conditions.
a)  Particulars of unhedged foreign currency exposures as at the reporting date
Currencies
As at March 31, 2024 As at March 31, 2023
Advances from 
customers
Loans and advances to 
related party Trade receivables Advances from customers Loans and advances to 
related party Trade receivables
FC in 
Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in 
Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in 
Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs
USD  0.07  6.08  -  -  14.63  1,219.16  -  -  -  -  -  - 
GBP  -  -  -  -  0.73  77.01  -  -  -  -  -  - 
EUR  0.01  0.82  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Currencies As at March 31, 2024 As at March 31, 2023
Advances to vendors Trade payables Advances to vendors Trade payables
FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs FC in Lakhs ` In Lakhs
USD  0.07  5.56  4.61  384.31  -  -  -  - 
EUR  0.04  3.52  3.86  346.81  -  -  -  - 
GBP  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Of the above, the Company is mainly exposed to USD, and EUR. Hence the following table analyses the Company’s Sensitivity to a 5% 
increase and a 5% decrease in the exchange rates of these currencies against INR.
(b)  Sensitivity
As at March 31, 2024
` in Lakhs
Currencies Increase/Decrease Total Assets  in FC Total Liabilities 
in FC
 Impact on 
exchange rate 
Impact on Profit or 
Loss for the year
USD Increase by 5%  14.70  4.68  4.17  41.78 
USD Decrease by 5%  14.70  4.68  (4.17)  (41.78)
EUR Increase by 5%  0.04  3.86  4.50  (17.19)
EUR Decrease by 5%  0.04  3.86  (4.50)  17.19 
===== [PAGE 93 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
90
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
32.8 Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk results from changes in prevailing market interest rates, which can cause a change in the fair value of fixed-rate instruments 
and changes in the interest payments of the variable-rate instruments.
(a)  Interest rate risk exposure
The exposure of Company’s borrowing to interest rate changes at the end of the year are as follows:
Particulars
As at March 31, 2024 As at March 31, 2023
Weighted 
average interest 
rates
% of total loans Total 
Borrowings
Weighted 
average interest 
rates
% of total loans Total 
Borrowings
Term Loans from Banks 9.25% 100%  542.40 9.25% 0%  - 
Total  542.40  - 
(b)  Sensitivity
The sensitivity of profit / (loss) to changes in interest rates/exchange rates:
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Rates increase by 100 basis points*  5.42  - 
Rates decrease by 100 basis points*  (5.42)  - 
* Holding all other variables constant.
33. Contingencies and other commitments
(a)  Contingencies
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts
Labour matters in dispute  16.81  - 
(b)  Commitments
` in Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for  
(net of advance paid aggregating `314.36 Lakhs; (Previous year Nil)
 1,382.39  - 
===== [PAGE 94 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
91
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
34. Net debt reconciliation
` in Lakhs
Particular As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Long Term Borrowings  (294.15)  - 
Current Maturities of Long Term Borrowings  (248.25)  - 
Lease Liability  (341.25)  - 
Total debt  (883.65)  - 
Cash and Cash equivalents  1,595.63  5.00 
Net debt  711.98  5.00 
` in Lakhs
Particular
 Other assets Liabilities from financing activities
 Total  Cash and cash 
equivalents 
Long term 
borrowing including 
current maturity
Short term 
borrowing Lease Liability
Net debt as at 1st April, 2023  5.00  -  -  -  5.00 
Cash flows  1,590.63  (542.40)  -  (341.25)  706.98 
Interest expense  -  (76.93)  (1.08)  (10.63)  (88.65)
Interest paid  -  76.93  1.08  -  78.01 
Non cash movements for acquisitions and 
disposals
 -  -  -  10.63  10.63 
Net debt as at 31st March, 2024  1,595.63  (542.40)  -  (341.25)  711.98 
35. Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
` in Lakhs
Particular
Gross amounts Gross amounts set off in the 
Balance Sheet
Net amounts presented in 
Balance Sheet
(Financial Assets -Trade 
Receivables)
(Financial Liabilities - Rebates/ 
Discounts)
(Net Financial Assets - Trade 
Receivables)
31st March, 2024  3,569.27  417.40  3,151.86 
Total  3,569.27  417.40  3,151.86 
31st March, 2023  -  -  - 
Total  -  -  - 
The Company gives rebates/ discounts for Engineering segment. Under the terms of contract, the amounts payable by the Company are offset 
against receivables from customers and only the net amount is settled (i.e. after adjustment towards rebates/ discounts).  The relevant amounts 
have therefore been presented net in the Balance Sheet.
===== [PAGE 95 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
92
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
36. Assets pledged as security
The carrying amounts of assets pledged as security for current and non-current borrowings are:
` in Lakhs
Particulars Notes As at  
March 31, 2024
As at  
March 31, 2023
Non-current
Specific charge
 - Leasehold land  9.95  - 
 - Freehold buildings  3,428.87  - 
 - Plant & Machinery  5,034.70  - 
 - Furniture & fixtures  39.89  - 
 - Office equipments  9.58  - 
 - Capital work-in-progress  468.67  - 
Total non-currents assets pledged as security  8,991.67  - 
Total assets pledged as security  8,991.67  - 
Note: The Assets are transferred under scheme of arrangement. The company applied for transfer of title deed with statutory authorities. 
Creation of charge on the said assets are in process.
37. Segment reporting: The Ind AS 108, ‘Operating segments,’ notified pursuant to Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, 
requires management to determine the reportable segments for disclosure in financial statements based on internal reporting reviewed 
by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) to assess performance and allocate resources. The company manufactures precision 
cutting tools and related components. Based on management analysis, the company has only one operating segment, so no separate 
segment report is provided. The principal geographical area in which the company operates is India. 
38. Scheme of Arrangement 
 The Board of Directors of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited (“FPTL” or the “Resulting Company”) and Forbes & 
Company Limited (FCL or the “Demerged Company) in their respective meetings held on 26th September 2022, approved the Scheme 
of Arrangement (“Scheme”) between FCL and FPTL, as well as their respective shareholders, in accordance with Sections 230 to 
232 of the Companies Act, 2013, and other applicable provisions and rules. This Scheme entails the demerger of the “Precision Tools 
business” from FCL into FPTL, with an appointed date of 1st April 2023.
 The Honorable National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) of the Mumbai bench approved the scheme via Order No. C.P.(CAA)/303/
MB-V/2023 dated 9th February 2024. The certified true copy of the order was received on 22nd February 2024 and filed with the Registrar 
of the Company on 1st March 2024. The Scheme became effective / operative from the effective date of March 1, 2024, with this, the 
Precision Tools business of FCL being transferred to and vested in FPTL with effect from the appointed date i.e., 1st April, 2023.
 Upon the coming into effect of the Scheme, the existing share capital of FPTL, amounting to ₹5.00 lakhs divided into 50,000 shares 
of ₹10 each, fully paid up, held by the shareholders of the Demerged Company, prior to the Scheme becoming effective, shall stand 
cancelled without any further application, act, instrument, or deed, as an integral part of this Scheme, with adjustments done through 
Capital reserve of the Company. As per the Scheme of Arrangement, the Resulting company has issued four fully paid-up equity 
shares of ₹ 10/- each for every one fully paid-up equity share of ₹ 10/- each held by the equity shareholders of the Demerged Company 
(FCL) as of the Record Date, which was 7th March 2024. The shareholders of FCL are entitled to receive 4 shares of FPTL against each 
share held by them. Accordingly, the paid-up capital of FPTL is determined as 5,15,94,464 shares of ` 10 each, having a total value 
of ₹ 5,159.45 Lakhs. The record date for allotment was fixed as 7th March 2024, and the issuance and allotment of equity shares took 
place on 13th March 2024. 
 As per Para 12 of Appendix C of IND AS 103, the diffrerence between Paid up share capital of FCL ` 1289.96 Lakhs and Paid up share 
capital issued by FPTL amounting to ` 5159.45 Lakhs in terms of scheme of arrangement is considered as negative capital reserve maounting 
` 3869.59 Lakhs. The pre-merger equity share capital of ` 5 lakhs of FPTL is cancelled and adjusted against the capital reserve.
 From the appointed date, the precision tools business of FCL, including all its assets and liabilities is transferred and vested to FPTL in 
accordance with this Scheme, Consequently, the deferred tax liability related to those assets and liabilities will be remeasured and will 
result in a direct charge of ` 234.44 Lakhs to the opening balance of retained earnings of FPTL. Moreover, for the period from April 
1, 2023, to March 31, 2024, the incremental deferred tax liability amounting to ` 2.33 Lakhs debited to the Profit and Loss account.
 The financial statement of the Company reflects the financial position on the basis of consistent accounting policies.
===== [PAGE 96 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
93
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
 The book value of assets acquired, and liabilities were taken over under the scheme of arrangement as on appointed date are 
listed below:
` in Lakhs
Particulars The demerged undertaking 
of the Parent Company
I.  ASSETS
 1. Non-Current Assets
  (a) Property, plant and equipment  8,414.02 
  (b) Right-of-use assets  37.07 
  (c) Capital work-in-progress  182.80 
  (d) Other intangible assets  97.49 
  (e) Other financial asset  81.64 
  (f) Current tax assets (net)  4.31 
  (g) Other non-current assets  230.26 
Total  9,047.59 
2. Current Assets
 (a) Inventories  3,115.25 
 (b) Financial assets
  (i) Trade receivables  2,236.80 
   (ii) Cash and cash equivalents  366.83 
   (iii) Loans  0.28 
 (c) Other current assets  282.79 
Total  6,001.95 
TOTAL ASSETS  15,049.53 
II.  LIABILITIES
 1.  Non-current Liabilities
  (a) Financial liabilities
    (i) Borrowings  1,012.95 
    (ii) Lease liability  18.87 
  (b) Deferred tax liabilities (net)  234.44 
Total  1,266.26 
2. Current Liabilities
 (a) Financial liabilities
   (i)  Borrowings  243.25 
   (ii)  Lease liability  11.94 
   (iii)  Trade payables  1,833.20 
   (iv)  Other financial liabilities  131.16 
 (b) Other current liabilities  742.03 
 (c) Provisions  27.58 
Total  2,989.17 
TOTAL LIABILITIES  4,255.43 
NETWORTH  10,794.10 
 The Comparative numbers of the financial statements are not comparable as the Scheme of Arrangement between Forbes & Company 
Limited and Forbes Precision Tools & Machine Parts Limited has caused an impact. 
===== [PAGE 97 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
94
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
39. The Scheme of Arrangement for the demerger of the “Precision Tools business” from Forbes & Company Limited (FCL) to the 
Company has received approval from The Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) of Mumbai benches through Order 
No. C.P.(CAA)/303/MB-V/2023 dated February 9, 2024, Mumbai Bench. The certified true copy of the order was filed with the 
Registrar of the Company on March 1, 2024, and the Scheme became operative as of March 1, 2024.
 Consequently, the Precision Tools business of FCL has been transferred to and vested in the Company with effect from the appointed 
date, i.e., April 1, 2023. All transactions previously recorded in Forbes & Company Limited pertaining to the Precision Tools business 
have been transferred to the Company as of the effective date, March 1, 2024.
 The impact of Certain assets and liabilities transferred from FCL to the Company is net receivables amounts to ` 881.93 Lakhs 
presented under note no. 8B as Contractually reimbursable expenses from related parties. Details of this transfer are as follows:
Particulars Amount ` in Lakhs
Shown as receivable on account of 
HDFC Life – Leave encashment 
 346.38 This amount, pertaining to the employees transferred, was receivable through 
FCL from HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited which has been credited on 
16th April 2024 to the leave encashment policy of the company with HDFC Life 
Insurance Company Limited.
Shown as receivable on account of 
Gratuity fund with LIC.  535.55 This amount would be transferred from LIC – Forbes Gratuity account to the 
Company’s Gratuity account by LIC 
Total  881.93 
40. The Indian Parliament has approved the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“the code”) which, inter alia, deals with employees benefits 
during employment and post-employment. The code has been published in the Gazette of India. The effective date of the code is yet 
to be notified and the rules for quantifying the financial impact are also yet to be issued. In view of this, the impact of change, if any, 
will be assessed and recognised post notification of the relevant provisions.
41.  Additional Regulatory Information as per Schedule III of the Division II of the Companies Act, 2013 
  i  Details of Benami property held
  There are not any proceedings that have been initiated or pending against the company for holding any benami property under 
the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and the rules made thereunder as at 31st March, 2023.
  ii  Wilful defaulter
  The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or other lender who has powers to 
declare a company as a wilful defaulter at any time during the financial year or after the end of reporting period but before the 
date when financial statements are approved or in an earlier period and the default has continued for the whole or part of the 
current year.
  iii  Relationship with struck off companies
  The Company has no transactions with the companies struck off under Companies Act, 2013 or Companies Act, 1956.
  iv  The Company is in compliance with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Companies Act 2013 
read with Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
  v  (a)  The company has not advanced or loaned or invested any funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other 
sources or kind of funds)during the year to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (intermediaries) 
with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the intermediary shall:
   i)   directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the company (ultimate beneficiaries) or,
   ii)  provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
  (b)  The company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (funding party) 
during the year with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the company shall:
   (i)   directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or
   (ii)  provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
===== [PAGE 98 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Annual Report 2023-24
95
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024  (Contd.)
   vi  Undisclosed income
   The company does not have any transaction that are not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey 
or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961), during the year.
  vii  Details of crypto currency or virtual currency
   The group has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year.
  viii  Valuation of PP&E, intangible asset and investment property
   The group has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible assets or both 
during the current or previous year.
42.  Other regulatory information 
  i  Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies
  There are no charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with the Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory period. 
  ii   Utilisation of borrowings availed from banks and financial institutions
  The borrowings obtained by the company from banks and financial institutions have been applied for the purposes for which 
such loans were was taken. 
  iii  The Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve Bank of India.
  The Group has five CICs which are part of the Group
   -  SP Finance Private Limited, 
   -  SC Finance and Investments Private Limited, 
   -  Hermes Commerce Private Limited, 
   -  Renaissance Commerce Private Limited and
   -  Shapoorji Pallonji Energy Private Limited (formarly known as Shapoorji Pallonji Oil and Gas Private Limited).
43. The Comparative numbers of the financial statements are not comparable as the Scheme of Arrangement between Forbes & Company 
Limited and Forbes Precision Tools & Machine Parts Limited has caused an impact. The demerger of the Precision tools business 
from April 01, 2023 is the appointed date and took effect on March 01, 2024.
44. The Company had filed listing application with BSE limited on April 2, 2024 and received in principle approval on April 26, 2024. 
We are awaiting SEBI relaxation letter under rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rule 1957. 
45. The Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretory were appointed w.e.f April01, 2024 and were authorized bythe Board 
to sign the financial of the Company.
46. The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors of the Company at their respective meetings held on 06th May, 2024.  
In terms of our report of even date 
For Sharp & Tannan Associates For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants M.C. TAHILYANI JAI L. MAVANI
Firm's Registration No.: 109983W Managing Director Director
DIN : 01423084 DIN : 05260191
Parthiv S. Desai VIKRAM V. NAGAR RUPA KHANNA
Partner Chief Financial Officer   Company Secretary  
Membership No.:  042624 Membership No :  A33322
Date: May 06, 2024 Date: May 06, 2024
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
===== [PAGE 99 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====

===== [PAGE 100 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
97
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
CIN: U29256MH2022PLC389649
Registered Office: Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai 400 001
Phone: + 91 22 69138900 E-mail: investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in 
Website: www.forbesprecision.co.in
PROXY FORM
(Pursuant to Section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 19(3) of the Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014)
Name of the Member(s) :
Registered Address :
Email ID :
Folio No./Client ID :
DP ID :
I/We, being member(s) of ______________shares of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited, hereby appoint:
1.  Name : ___________________________________________________________________________________________________
 Address :  _________________________________________________________________________________________________
 E-mail ID :  _______________________________________________________________________________________________
 Signature : ________________________________________________________ or failing him
2.  Name : ___________________________________________________________________________________________________
 Address :  _________________________________________________________________________________________________
 E-mail ID :  _______________________________________________________________________________________________
 Signature : ________________________________________________________ or failing him
3.  Name : ___________________________________________________________________________________________________
 Address :  _________________________________________________________________________________________________
 E-mail ID :  _______________________________________________________________________________________________
 Signature :  ________________________________________________________________________________________________
as my/our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us and on my /our behalf at 2nd Annual General Meeting of the Company, to be held at 
Indian Merchants’ Chambers, Walchand Hirachand Hall, IMC Building, 4 th Floor, IMC Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai 400 020 on Thursday, 
July 25, 2024 at 3.00 p.m. and at any adjournment thereof in respect of such resolutions as are indicated below:
1.  To consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2024 together with 
the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon.
2.  To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Jai Mavani (DIN: 05260191), who retires by rotation and being eligible, seeks re-appointment.
3.  Ratification of the remuneration to be paid to M/s. Kishore Bhatia & Associates (Firm Registration No. 00294) for the Financial Year 
2023-24.
4.  Ratification of the remuneration to be paid to M/s. Kishore Bhatia & Associates (Firm Registration No. 00294) for the Financial Year 
2024-25.
Signed this ______________ day of ___________ 2024
Signature of the shareholder: ________________________
Signature of Proxy Holder(s): ________________________
Note: This form of proxy in order to be effective should be duly completed and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company, 
not less than 48 hours before the commencement of the Meeting.
Affix
Revenue
Stamp
===== [PAGE 101 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====

===== [PAGE 102 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
99
FORBES PRECISION TOOLS AND MACHINE PARTS LIMITED
CIN: U29256MH2022PLC389649
Regd. Office: Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400 001
Tel.: +91 22 6913 8900; Website: www.forbesprecision.co.in,       
E-mail: investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in
Attendance Slip
2nd Annual Genenral Meeting July 25, 2024 at 3.00 P.M
Name of the Member
Registered Address
DP ID & Client ID/Folio No.
Nos. of Shares held
I certify that I am a registered shareholder/proxy for the registered shareholder of the Company.
_____________
Signature of Member/Proxy
ROUTE MAP
2nd Annual Genenral Meeting July 25, 2024 at 3.00 P.M
At Indian Merchant’s Chambers, Walchand Hirachand Hall, IMC Building, 4th floor, IMC Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020.
I hereby record my presence at the 2nd Annual General Meeting of the Company on Thursday, July 25, 2024 at 3.00 pm at Indian Merchant’s 
Chambers, Walchand Hirachand Hall, IMC Building, 4th floor, IMC Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020.
===== [PAGE 103 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
100
===== [PAGE 104 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
SPRING  LOCK WASHERS

===== [PAGE 105 of 105] annual-report\Annual_Report_2024.pdf =====
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
www.forbesprecision. co.in
Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg,
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001
Tel       : +91 22 69138900
Email  : investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in