
===== [PAGE 1 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Ladies and gentlemen, 
 I have great pleasure in welcoming you to the 43 rd Annual General Meeting of the 
Company convened electronically through video conferencing mode. I hope you and your 
family members are safe and in good health. 
In line with the relaxation extended by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs to the company 
for holding the annual General meeting through video conferencing and other audio-visual 
means, this meeting is being condu cted virtually. The companies have also been allowed 
to send the annual report and notice convening the AGM electronically.  
Accordingly, the soft copy of the annual report of 2024 -25 has been sent to all the 
members holding shares in the dematerialised mode whose e-mail addresses are available 
with the depository participant, as well as to all the members holding shares in physical 
mode where e-mail addresses are registered with the company or RTA.  
Further, we have also sent a physical copy of the re port to those members who had 
specifically requested for the same. In line with the Regulation 36 of SEBI Listing 
Regulation, the letter providing a web link for accessing the AGM documents for financial 
year 2024 -25 was sent to those shareholders who have  not registered their e -mail 
address.  
The requisite quorum is present and therefore, I now call the meeting to order.  
The register of directors and key managerial personnel with their shareholding and register 
of contracts on arrangements in which the di rectors are interested and the other 
documents mentioned in the notice convening this meeting is available for inspection by 
the Member. Members seeking to inspect such documents can contact the Company 
Secretary.  
Since the meeting is being held electro nically, the proxy -related procedures have been 
dispensed with, which is in line with the regulatory requirement.  
So now let me start with the introduction. Let me start introducing the Directors, Auditors, 
and Senior Executors of the Company attending the meeting through video conference 
from their respective locations. Today we have the full board with us. Mr. L Ramkumar is 
joining us from Chennai. Please raise the hand. Thank you. He is the chairman of Audit 
Committee as well as the Nominati on and Remuneration Committee. Mrs . Hima Srinivas 
is joining us from Hyderabad. She is the chairman of CSR committee. Mr . Muthiah 
Venkatachalam is joining from Chennai, and he is also the director of the board. 
I also with me here at Hosur , Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan, the Chairman of Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee, Mr. Ninad Gadgil, Executive Director and CEO, Senior Executive, 
Mr. Mukesh Kumar is our CFO, Mr. RB Uday, Head of Sales and Marketing, Mr. P Rathinam, 
Head of Manufacturing, and Mr. Arjun Raj is our Company Secretary. 
Our statutory auditors, M/s. Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP, are represented 
by Mr. Jagdish Sridharan, joining us now also, M s. Srinidhi Sridharan from M/s. Srinidhi 
Sridharan and Associates, secretarial auditor, has also joined the meeting from Chennai. 
Our cost auditors, M/s. B Y & Associates, Cost Accountant Chennai, are represented by Mr. 
Yogesh K Chandak and Mr. Bhaskar Swaminathan, joining us from Chennai. 
 
 
===== [PAGE 2 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
Your Company, by virtue of being a listed company, is required to provide e-voting facility 
to shareholders.  Voting by show of hands is no longer permitted. The Company has 
engaged the Services of M/s . KFin Technologies Limited to provide the facility of remote 
e-voting to all its members to cast their votes  on all business contained in the notice . 
Voting will be in proportion to the shares held by the members as on the cut-off date being 
14th July 2025, in our case.  
In line with the regulatory requirement, remote e-voting facility has been provided to the 
members of the Company for five days starting from 16 th July till 20 th July 2025. This 
module was disabled for voting by KFin thereafter.  
As mentioned in the notice convening the meeting for such of those members who did not 
or could not avail the remote e-voting facility, the Company is pleased to provide the 
facility to cast their votes electronically during the AGM on all the proposed resolutions 
through KFin, Insta Poll Mechanism . The Insta Poll facility will be activated at the end of 
this meeting. Me mbers can avail this facility and cast their votes on all the resolutions 
proposed in the notice. Let me reiterate that this facility is available only to those members 
who have not cast their votes through the remote e-voting facility provided earlier by KFin. 
In case any member who has already voted in the remote E -voting, he or she will not be 
able to cast his or her vote again through the instapoll. 
The Board has appointed Mr. R Sridharan from M/s. R Sridharan and Associates, Practicing 
Company Secretary for scrutinising the e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. 
Once all of you cast your votes, the votes will be counted by R Sridharan, the scrutini ser. 
He will then unblock the results of the remote e-voting, which will then be consolidated 
with the results of the voting done today.  
The voting results with that scrutini ser's report will be communicated to the Stock 
Exchange within two working days, and the same will be placed on the website of the 
Company and on the e-voting platform of KFin.  
To sum up, the following is the schedule for today's meeting. After I conclude my speech, 
Mr. Ninad Gadgil, Executive Director and CEO, will present the operational highlights during 
the year 2024-25. After the presentation, those of you holding Share in your name and 
registered as the speaker at the meeting will be invited by the moderator. In consideration 
of the time of all those attending the meeting, we request the speakers to be brief and 
restrict their address to matter relevant to the business contained in the AGM. After this, 
the questions or queries raised by the speaker or by shareholder s who have already 
registered the same in the link provided by K Fin for this purpose would be tabulated and 
answered. After the queries have been answered, the meeting will conclude and those of 
you who have not yet cast your votes would be given the opportunity to execute the same. 
Now let me come to the key message from my chairman’s position.  
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, A very warm welcome to each one of you. It gives 
me great pleasure to greet you all at the 43 rd Annual General Meeting of Wendt (India) 
Limited. 
The Annual report for the financial year 2024-25 has been sent to you sometime back and 
I trust it would have given you an overview of the performance of the company.  
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 3 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
Let me highlight the economic scenario of the year gone by. During 2024, the global 
economy grew at an uneven pace across regions. Manufacturing activity slowed in many 
parts of Europe and Asia, impacted by persistent supply chain disruptions and sub dued 
global demand. However, the service sector performed relatively well, supporting growth 
in several economies. 
While inflation eased in most countries, prices in the service sector remained elevated. 
Commodity prices stayed largely stable, tho ugh risks of renewed price increase persist. 
Given divergent trends in growth and inflation across countries, central banks are expected 
to adopt varying approaches to interest rate cuts, creating some uncertainty around future 
inflation and interest rates. Additionally, the global economy continues to face challenges 
from ongoing geopolitical tension, conflicts, and evolving trade policies.  
In this global context, India demonstrated steady economic growth. According to the first 
advance estimates of natio nal accounts, India's real GDP is projected to have grown by 
6.5% in the financial year 2024-25. Growth in the first half of the year was supported by 
agriculture and services, with rural demand benefiting from record kharif production and 
favorable agricultural conditions. In manufacturing sector phased, there are headwinds 
reflecting weaker global demand and certain domestic seasonal factors. Nonetheless, 
private consumption remains steady, showcasing resiliency in domestic  demand. Fiscal 
discipline, a strong external balance supported by service trade surplus and healthy 
remitted growth contributed to macroeconomic stability, laying a solid foundation for 
sustained growth despite external uncertainties.  
Looking ahead to financial year 2025-26, India’s economic prospects appear balanced. Key 
risks include elevated geopolitical and trade -related uncertainties as well as potential 
commodity price shocks. Domestically, converting healthy order books in the private 
capital goods sector into sustained invest ment, improving consumer confidence, and 
supporting wage growth will be essential to sustaining this momentum. A rebound in rural 
demand driven by improved agriculture output, moderation in food inflation, and continued 
macroeconomic stability could provide further upside to near-term growth.  
Over the medium term, India will need to strengthen its global competitiveness through 
grassroots-level structural reform and continued deregulation to reinforce its growth 
potential. 
According to the latest predictions from the International Monetary Fund, global growth is 
expected to be 3.3% in 2025 and 3.7% in 2026. For India, the economic outlook remains 
stable with growth projected at 6.5% in both 2025 and 2026, underscoring our position 
as the fastest growing major economy driven by robust private investment and 
macroeconomic stability. 
Coming to the business results, your Company's domestic sales was at Rs 168.34 crores 
during the year, higher by 7% over the previous year. The increased sales was on account 
of higher demand from user industries like auto, auto ancillaries, bearing steel, cutting 
tools, resellers, etc. and others and intense market development initiatives.  
Exports were at Rs 43.63 crores during the year, lower by 12% over the previous year due 
to reduced offtake from key customers from a few countries. 
Accordingly, your Company clocked profit before tax of Rs 49.69 crores, which is lower by 
5% over the previous year, and profit after tax of Rs 38.29 crores lower by 3% over the 
previous year.  
===== [PAGE 4 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
During the year, the Company incurred one-time expenses of Rs.1.77 crore related to the 
tech transfer agreement with 3M and the new company formation in Germany. Without 
these expenses, the Company would have made PBT of Rs . 5146 lakhs, which is 51.46 
lakhs, which would have been similar to the past year level.  
Talking about the Capex in the Company, during the year, your company spent Rs 58.29 
crores on Capex. Previous year was just 11.15 crores. The major Capex was spent on the 
addition of new plant machinery towards capability building in fast-growing products and 
new product capacity enhancement, which are critical for the future growth of the 
company. Besides, the company acquired global ownership of Wendt brand a t a 
consideration of Rs . 35.08 crore. This acquisition will help the Company leveraging the 
global market and boost its export sales into newer geographies. The Company's strong 
cash position enabled funding of all Capex through internal accruals only.  
Talking about the research and development, the objective of R&D is to design and develop 
new products through the advancement of materials science towards providing the 
complete grinding solution to its customers. The Company's R&D sector continues to be 
recognised by the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research under the Ministry of 
Department of Science and Technology Government of India.  
Increasing implementation of these manufacturing technologies drive the demand of 
products for bearing & guideways, gears, Cam & cap sh aft, and in industries like 
semiconductor, biomedical, aerospace, cutting tool , engineering, and auto sector.  The 
companies in the process of identifying technology partners for developing products for 
these industries.  
What is our business focus? Your Company continues its dedicated efforts in pursuing 
business in its three verticals, namely Super Abrasives, machines, and precision problems.  
The Super abrasives, the business achieved its sales of Rs 140.5 4 crores during the year, 
which declined by 7% over the previous year. The domestic super abrasive business grew 
by 9% over the last year. Initiatives like key account management for top customers, 
appointment of precision dealers, horizontal deployment of successful applications, new 
product launches, etc. helped in this growth. Export super abrasive sales grew by 2% over 
the previous year. The exports-faced reduced offtake from key customers and the volatile 
geopolitical scenario in Europe and other developed countries.  
Talking about the machine, the machine business clocked sales of Rs 43.64 crores decline 
of 8% over previous year. The drop in sales was due to lower project orders compared to 
the previous year. The industry-wise machine sales comprise the majority of steel followed 
by cutting tools, engineering and auto.  
The Company executed several new machines during the current year, which was well 
accepted by the customer. These machines have been well received by the customer s, 
projecting a good performance. Machine sales in the export market achieved good growth 
and accepted by customers. The Company's strategy of moving from industry -specific to 
application-based machines is expected to yield good results. 
Now, on the technology transfer and agreement for peripheral grinding machine, the main 
thing which has happened during the year your company entered into technology transfer 
agreement with Wendt G mbH for manufacturing peripheral grinding machines. The 
technology will help the company to tap into the global market for these machine with sale 
of new machine, service revenue and upgrade of installed machines worldwide. 
===== [PAGE 5 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
The precision product group  during the year the vertical clock sales of Rs 27.79 crores 
higher by 2% over the previous year. The Company continues to focus on developing new 
products for its components business as a part of its de -risking strategy and looking at 
alternate opportunities wherever possible.  
So now talking about the manufacturing of the process efficiency focus, the Company 
continues to focus on improving operational efficiency as well as optimal utilisation of 
various resources man, materials and machines in manufacturing and production areas . 
The Quick Response Management initiative, which was successfully deployed in three 
production cells last year envisages reorganising the machine layout in the shop flo or, 
thereby reducing lead time, waiting time between workstations and improvement in shop 
floor inventory and other resources. Besides, your Company had adopted a cost leadership 
strategy to achieve a competitive advantage by producing goods at the lowest possible 
cost. This envisages identifying the cost drivers, re-engineering the existing processes to 
remove redundancies and NVAs, streamlining outsourcing activities, creating economies 
of scale, and focusing on the core competencies. With this objective, the engineering team 
has undertaken some proj ects in both bonded and coated cells to eliminate, combine, 
rearrange, and simplify processes and achieve cost reduction. 
Besides, focused cost reduction approach was implemented using Hoshin Kanri A3  
methodologies, resulting in measurable cost reductions in manufacturing variable cost, 
manufacturing fixed cost, and manufacturing depreciation cost.  
Let me talk about the digital aspects of marketing. The Company continues to maintain its 
website with improved content to enhance interaction and customer engagement. New 
products and applications are constantly updated on social media platforms like LinkedIn 
and YouTube to increase customer awareness. These initiatives are focused on digital 
marketing and ease of doing business in terms of servicing customers better.  
Coming to information technology, your Company has taken digital transformation 
initiatives focused on simplifying and automating processes in areas of production planning 
and control, procurement, and sales  and marketing . This year, several emphasis, was 
placed on revamping the company's secure network along with strengthening 
cybersecurity measures and improving data governance. 
Some of the major recognitions and awards  that your Company received to highlight the 
OEM Recognition Award. The Company received Original Equipment Manufacturer 
Recognition Award. The Company's Chief Financial Officer was conferred with the CFO 100 
Roll of Honour for the year 2025 from CFO Collective, IM A India. The Company won two 
Excellence Awards in NCQC competition held during December 202 4. The 8 teams 
participated in CCQC competition during October 2024, and the 7 teams won gold awards, 
and one team won a silver award. The CUFEST 2024 awards when you talk about 
employees who participated in the Group level quality Competition 2024. There is a festival 
of quality, festival organised by the promoter group CUMI and won awards for suggestion 
engineering, excellence, SGA and 5S categories. 
Let me come to your Company's subsidiaries. Performance of Wendt Grinding Technologies 
Limited Thailand, the Company's only own subsidiary,  Wendt Grinding Technologies 
Thailand, achieved sales of Rs 21.5 crore, which is 3% lower than last year. This is due to 
unprecedented challenges that the industry is slow down on account of EV impetus, 
geopolitical uncertainty, and due to anti-China crust and China Taiwan relations rising costs 
at all. The subsidiary continues to demonstrate a strong result and business equipment, 
challenging the unfavourable condition and churning out results on a consistent basis.  
===== [PAGE 6 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
Accordingly, the profit after tax has been at R s 1.37 crore, 19% Lower than the previous 
year.  
Corporate Social Responsibility  
As a responsible corporate statement, your Company remains deeply committed to 
inclusive growth and the sustainable development of the communities we serve.  
During the year, we focused on CSR efforts on 2 critical areas, education and Healthcare. 
In education, we worked to address the long -standing gaps in infrastructure space with 
the government. Our initiatives included constructing  new classrooms, installing RO 
drinking water mechanics, providing computers and projectors to support digital learning, 
and installing smart boards. We also supplied desks and benches for students, tables and 
chairs for teachers, and installed photocopy machine to aid academic and administrative 
functions. Additionally, we supported the construction of the pr ayer stage, helping create 
a more holistic environment for students.  
We believe that revitalising government schools is essential given that many continue to 
operate with inadequate facilities and limited resources. Through these interventions, we 
aim to create an environment where students can learn with dignity and confidence.  
In healthcare, our focus was on strengthening the public health infrastructure that serves 
the underprivileged and rural population. We supported the government Hospital enforces 
by providing social equipment, including a past eurizer with a chiller and a breast pump, 
helping to improve neonatal and maternal care, 
For the year 2024-25, the Company spent Rs 9 4.27 lakhs on CSR  activities. I'm pleased 
to share that there were no unspent amounts at the end of the year, demonstrating that 
we fully deployed our  resources for meaningful planning. We will continue to invest in 
initiatives that are for community, promote sustainable development, and create lasting 
value for society. And the important aspect of dividends. 
To share the highlight, the Board has recommended a final dividend of Rs. 20 per share of 
Rs.10 each for the year ended 31st March 2025. You can recall that an interim dividend at 
the rate of Rs. 30 per equity shares of Rs. 10 each was declared in January 2025 and paid 
in February 2025. This aggregates to a total dividend of Rs. 50 per equity share of Rs. 10 
each for the year. 
We just finished our first quarter Board meeting to share some of the highlights and overall 
results. The Board has just taken on record the quarterly uncredited financial results for 
the first quarter ending 30 th June 2025. The first quarter for former put forth by your 
company and as and total sales Rs 46.49 crore, which means a growth of 6% year on year. 
The domestic sales Rs 35.71 crores growth of 3% year on year. Export sales at Rs 10.78 
crores with a growth of 19% year on year, and the profit after tax of Rs 4.95 crores which 
is a decline of 34% year on year. The decrease in profit is due to lower order permission 
sales from steel products and the amortisation of Wendt brand. On the subsidiary company 
for the first quarter, your subsidiary Wendt Grinding technologies Thailand, during the first 
quarter reported a top line of 6.03 crore, which is a growth of 16% year on year business. 
Profit after tax is at Rs. 47 Lakh, which is a growth of 24% year on year business. Talking 
about Wendt G mbH, your Company has incorporated its other wholly owned subsidiary 
named Wendt GmbH, Germany. This subsidiary will promote sales and service support of 
peripheral grinding machines in Europe, Asia, and US. During the current quarter, the 
subsidiary got registered and onboarded a few sales and service employees.  
===== [PAGE 7 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
While we talk about the wa y forward, your Company will continue to live upon its vast 
experience and technical expedite, deep understanding of customer requirement, 
comprehensive product rates, and the resultant competitive edge emerging out of its 
complementary business vertic als maybe super oppressive to the nations, tools, and 
products. The government's focus on projects like Make in India, make for the World are 
expected to give a boost to the company's products, being own substitutes, thus helping 
in conservation of precious foreign exchange.  
During this difficult time. Your Company's strong fundamentals, unrelenting spirit to 
innovate, passion and c ater to customer needs demonstrate perpetual resilience. Your 
Company will continue to develop new products, new applications, including development 
of import substitutes, while tailoring existing products to cater to your own market price 
and changing customers’ rates.  
On the leadership front, at our previous Annual General Meeting held on 22nd July 2024, 
Mr. L. Ramkumar joined us as an independent director, bringing valuable experience and 
perspective to the Board.  
Mr. Ninad Gadgil, who is the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director, will be stepping 
down from the Board effective 15 th September 2025 to pursue opportunities outside the 
Company. The Board places on record the contribution made by him during his tenure. I 
would also like to take this opportunity to thank all my colleagues on the Board for their 
valuable guidance and unwavering support during these times of change. Their continuous 
encouragement and concern remained a great source of strength and inspiration, helping 
us navigate the future with optimism and confidence. I have special words to acknowledge 
the collective efforts of the entire Wendt India team, the employees working tirelessly to 
ensure the company continues its growth path. I thank all stakeholders, customer s, 
suppliers, vendors, bankers, authorities, and of course you, the shareholders, for your 
unstinted support and encouragement. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. So, with this 
now, I invite Mr. Ninad Gadgil, our Chief Executive Officer, elected to be Executive Director, 
to share the operational highlights for the year 2024- 25. 
Mr. Ninad Gadgil- Thank you, Chairman. Mr. Rao, good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
I will take you to the operational highlights now. Welcome again. Next, please, before we  
go ahead, a disclaimer there is no intent to make any forward -looking statements over 
here, and as a company, we do not assume any obligation in this presentation to update 
any forward-looking statement and as a result o f which any new information or future 
events, or developments are passed on. With that, I'll begin with the agenda for today. 
So, this is what we'll try and cover. We'll have a small update about Wendt, Wendt history, 
super abrasive business, Machine tools business, Precision component business, then see 
how all of this comes together to help us focus on the different industry segments, update 
around what we are doing in the area of research and development. Then all the highlights 
for the year gone by, financial highlights as well as the quarter that has gone.  
Next, please.  
So again, to remind all of us, we are headquartered here at Hosur in Tamil Nadu, about 
40 kilometres from Bangalore. What you see here on the left and right is a picture of our 
facility. We are close to about 16 acres here at Hosur. Current team's strength is close to 
about 500 people. Yes, Next Please, some of you know about our fundamental strengths. 
Clearly, we see people as our biggest number one strength, well -nurtured talent, strong, 
well tenured talent. We offer highly customised, you know precision-engineered products, 
whether it's super abrasives or components, all the special purpose machine tools that we 
manufacture. 
===== [PAGE 8 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
Now this is possible extremely state of the art manufacturing process that we have all of 
this again on the background of extremely sound financial position built over the last 
several decades.  
Next, please get a glimpse of you know how our manufacturing comes together. We are 
one of the unique super abrasive and special -purpose machine tool manufacturing 
companies and probably, The only Company. In this space or segment to offer super 
abrasives machine tools and components from one entity or one facility. Like I said, we 
have a well-nurtured talent that backs our manufacturing and sales team  and then all of 
this has helped us to be market leaders. You know that can possibly benefit also from the 
industry payments at one season's end. Next please. These are the different industry 
segments that we serve. We are present in automotive engineering, the cutting tool 
industry, steel industry. We serve the glass, ceramic and refractory industry and also some 
of the emerging segments within defence analysis. Next please, tshis is a good, great chart 
that again helps you to see how it comes together, When we approach, say a large key 
account with an automotive or ceramics or in construction or aerospace, you will see that 
for example, for the engineering industry, we have a whole range of super abrasives to 
offer, But we can also offer them with our special -purpose machine tools and our special 
and especially made precision products, precision-engineered components. 
Likewise, we have a presence in many industries and that helps us again to mitigate risks 
or declines that can sometimes happen in one of these industries. We are not only indexed 
to any one of the industries. Automotive is probably the one industry where we have close 
to about 35% of our total sales. We are well spread across the full range of industry that 
you see on the left -hand side. With our super abrasives, machine tools, and precision 
components business, we stand really well poised to offer a broad range of solutions to 
these different industries. We are the probably again the only player in India to have such 
a wide range of products within Super abrasive. Right from stationary dresse s to metal 
bonded products to braised bonded products, we offer the full range, which makes us truly 
unique. We do not really have to depend on any other supplier or outsource when it comes 
to serving our customer needs. Next, please.  
Like the Chairman said, we are the three verticals and he talked about the revenues that 
we hit. As you can see from our margin profile, very healthy overall. In super abrasive, we 
delivered last year at 22% EBIT margin. In machine tools, we are close to gain 20% and 
in the precision products business, we had EBIT margin of close to 12%. next please, these 
are global reach, we have a production site largely in India and in Thailand. We have sales 
and distribution offices across the world. But a new subsidiary in Germany located at a 
place called TONISVORST really poises us well to serve the European market. We now also 
have our own sales engineers and service engineers in the markets of US and Korea, next 
please.  
Just a quick glimpse of some of our customers. You will find many large Indians, private 
as well as public sector co mpanies, and then of course several global and transnational 
customers that we serve both in India as well as across the world. Many of these global 
customers start with a relationship with here with us here in Wendt India and then because 
of the quality that we offer, we get a chance to participate in their manufacturing plants 
outside of India as well. Next please. 
This is just a range of some of the certifications that we have We obviously have all the 
right clearance certifications, some of the aerospace -related certifications, and then the 
ISO certifications. A quick glimpse of some of the awards won by the Company as well as 
some of the CFO role of honour that our CFO has won for very good, strong corporate 
===== [PAGE 9 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
governance and finance best practices. ESG is at the core of our business operations. The 
Company has made very good progress in this area over the las t several years. We have 
conducted a gap assessment exercise recently on several of our ESG partners, which tells 
us the exact carbon footprint that we have currently. We've also set now internal targets, 
and now we plan to improve in this area. The Company being a part of the Murugappa 
Group, has always been known for extremely strong governance practices as well. Next, 
please, some pictures of our Super Bridges facility. You will see on the right -hand side 
pictures of our electroplated facility, some  of the high -tech equipment that we have for 
our Rotary dresser segment. Next please. 
These are the products that we manufacture. Like I mentioned earlier, we have the full 
range by the Rotary dressers, base products, electroplated products, and of course , resin 
bond and metal bond products. Recently, we have started making extremely good progress 
on some of our Vitrified and galvanic bond productions. A quick look about our machine 
tool division. So Wendt is known for manufacturing special-purpose grinding machines. As 
Chairman said, we have acquired the technology now for peripheral grinding machines, 
which are basically listed as insert grinding machines, over here. And with this technology 
transfer, we also get an opportunity to service almost 1600 machines that exist across the 
world that was sold by Wendt G mbH in the past. These machines not only give us 
opportunity for service and repairs, but also for upgrades, because many of these 
machines would need either software upgrades or robotic upgrades, or full mechanical and 
electrical Upgrades. I've already talked about how the machine business helps us to 
complement our super abrasive and give a complete solution to the customer. Next please, 
here are some pictures of the machines that we manufacture. Recently, we have seen 
extremely strong growth on some of our double side fine grinding machines. We continue 
to be market leaders in the Thompson carved roll and ride roll grinding machines for the 
steel business, market leaders not only India but also emerging as strong leaders in this 
segment in the markets of the Middle East and Africa, and Southeast Asia as well. Next, 
please. 
Quick glimpse on our precision components business. These are some of the  capabilities 
that we have where we can do very periphery grinding, radius grinding, ID or OD grinding, 
and of course slot grinding. Some of the materials always hard to grind materials like 
hardened steel, sintered steels, carbides, and ceramics. These are some of the machines 
that we have for our facility. And then like I mentioned, we can do the thickness profile, 
ID, OD, and honing all in one. We are again very well poised to serve the fuel pump 
industry, the hydraulic industry, and the insurgent industry. We have been one of the sole 
suppliers for the fuel pump industry for the wings that they manufacture both for India as 
well as for export. They're also in the process of developing low -pressure wings for the 
refrigerator and air compressor industry. Many of these components that we manufacture, 
almost all I would say, are made with our machines and also our own super abrasives for 
diamond beads that gives us the unique capability to serve almost a flatness of .002 and 
get a finish of close to RZ 2 in the component size of 10mm.  
These are some of the products that we manufacture. Next please, for the next coming 
few years, these are some of the industries where we see strong opportunities. Automotive 
industry, glass industry, glass industry where we now have seen extremely fast -growing 
segment related to solar glass. We have great product lines as well as machines that serve 
some of the automotive and the defence, and cutting tool industry as well. Many of these 
segments or these industries have sub -segments that are growing at rapi d double-digit 
growth rates, and we are making sure that we have disproportionate resources both from 
a product development as well as sales and marketing side, focusing on some of these 
high-growth segments. Next please. 
===== [PAGE 10 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
Again, some examples of some of t he focus industries that we are working on that will 
help us meet our growth aspirations in the future. Next please. This is again a significant 
area. For the last few years, we have been ramping up for R&D investments. As you can 
see from close to 0.9% that we spent in the year FY22, this is the last financial year we've 
increased that close to about 2.6%. We have some strong R&D competencies and we 
continue to develop them in order to meet future customer needs. We are developing deep 
application knowle dge and expertise around some of the new emerging segments like 
medical and super alloy materials.  
So, this is how we had ended FY 24 - 25. Our total sales grew by about 3%, EBIDTA was 
down by 5%, but this was also because of some of the one -time investments that we 
incurred for future growth. Without these one -time expenses, our EBIDTA would have 
remained flat, and our PBT would have degrown by about 5% and our PAT would have 
grown by about 2.7%. At the contribution margin or gross margin level, our operations 
were relatively flat on the slight improvement, again emphasi sing that we continue to be 
extremely efficient in our manufacturing process. All the investments that were done were 
done either in the area of R&D or in Salesforce's enhancement in select geographies, both 
in India as well as outside. Next please. 
This is a quick update about the Capex. We have a Capex plan of close to about 25 crores 
as for the year 24-25 and out of this close to about as of end of March 25, about 8 crores. 
It was capping the order but open for execution, which means these 8  crores will get 
delivered in the first two quarters of this year, between April 24 to April 25. We are one of 
our highest Capex investments of close to about 23 crores. The other big Capex -related 
acquisition that happened for us last year was the investment that we made in buying out 
the Wendt trademark for usage across the world, and our Company spent close to about 
35 crores in this area. Next please. 
Some of the key highlights of last year that our Chairman also Spoke about are Domestic 
Super Abrasives business grow close to about 9%, crossing the 100 crores  mark for the 
first time. We continue to focus on the dealer segment which grew by about a healthy 32% 
over the earlier year and we had some very successful product launches for the carbide 
Rotary tool segment and the bearing ID grinding segments. On anoth er area in which we 
did extremely well was in pulling up new grinding machines with Wendt brands or with 
Wendt grinding wheels. We had closed over 70 machines, 70 new machines that were 
pulled up last year with wind grinds. We do find , CGN, like I mentioned earlier, grew 
extremely well last year at a very high 19%, very high double -digit growth of 19% in the 
machine tools division. Although our sales declined by 8%, we should remember that this 
was on the back of a 70% growth that we had experienced earlier. Also, the steel industry 
last year went through a significant slowdown from Q2 onwards, which impacted our sales, 
and some of our shipments went for FY 25 actually happened only in April 2025 this year. 
Our again total number of machines sold last year was the highest ever and we were able 
to sell close to about 45 machines and significantly improving our market share in the 
steel segment, where we are leaders in the tungsten carbide Roll grinding sector, Super 
Abrasives exports, because of the challenges in some of the markets due to some of the 
geopolitical factors. Overall growth was 2%. Again, here are we remain focused on our 
focus countries, which include some of the countries in Western Europe and US, where we 
grew close to about 8%. And finally, in the PP segments of the persistent components 
segment, why do we miss the overall plan? We grew by about 2%, but made some very 
strong improvements in our new pump assembly facilities that will help us to cater to one 
of the largest key accounts in this segment in the world and in India. We are in work in 
process of getting the  approval for this component and this will be a significant growth 
driver for us in year 25-26 and the years to come. Next, please. 
===== [PAGE 11 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
Here are some of the glimpses of our participation in IMTEX exhibition that was held earlier 
this year. You'll see some of our global customers as well as local customers participating  
in m any of the events that we had at our exhibit, we got a very good footfall at this 
exhibition, and many of those we were able to significantly increase. We were able to 
convert in the first quarter of this year, and the rest will be converted in the balanced 
quarters. We got a good inquiry momentum for our insert grinding machine, the central 
machine that was exhibited at IMTEX, which is the peripheral insert grinding machine , A5 
axis machine that many of our carbide customers from the carbide tool industry, you know 
found of really of good significance for them. Next please  
Glimpses of some of our customer engagements. These are pictures of seminars, technical 
seminars that we've held at some of our large key accounts across the country . Next 
please, and pictures of some of the awards that we have won from our suppliers, 
prestigious customer accounts like Schaeffler and Kennametal. The award that we have 
won was from DIFACTO is in an emerging fast growth segment rightly where DIFACTO is 
a leader in the robotic automation area and we are supporting them with Wendt Diamond 
beats. Next Please, here are some more awards won by our team for the Rotary Dressers 
SGA competition and some Kaizen awards that we have won at the state level. So, the 
consolidated performance which means Wendt India plus Wendt Thailand, we ended at 
about 3% overall sales and -5.4% EBITDA and PBT. Excluding one-time expenses, our PAT 
would have grown by 2%. One -time expenses related to our technology acquisition and 
new subsidiary formation in Germany. Next please.  
This is how we've grown in the last couple of years, ending last year at about 212 crores. 
Here are some of the figures related to our EPS, how it has moved over the last couple of 
years and then maintaining a consistent dividend record of close to 500% payout in FY25. 
Next please, this is all our total shareholder return comes into picture. So, if for  Rs. 10 
that would have been invested in, say, the year 1981 during the formation of the Company, 
that amount would be equivalent to about 3961  times. Given the healthy Return to our 
shareholders, we continue to be one of the top quartile companies, you know overall TSR.  
Next please Finally, summary of our performance in Q1. Overall sales grew about 6%. This 
was on the back of very strong performance in the domestic super abrasives, a core 
business of about 11%, a decline of 18% in the machine tool business. Which we hope to 
Recover in the next couple of months the overall decline of about 18% on EBITDA and -
34% on PBT. Again, this is because of some of the significant investments that we have 
made on the brand as well as the people and R&D through Q uarter 1. Next please with 
that, I end the presentation for last year's performance and our upcoming performance. I 
hand back to our chairman for the proceedings. 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao - Thank you, Mr. Ninad, for detailed presentation. So, ladies 
and gentlemen, now let me come to the AGM Resolutions. The notice dated 23rd April 2025 
convening this meeting along with a copy of the Annual Report for the financial year ended 
31st March 2025 has already been circulated. With your permission, I shall take  the same 
as read. The Auditors ’ report on the financial statement for the Company does not have 
any qualifications or observations or comments on the financial transactions or matter as 
having any adverse effect on the functioning of the Company. There are no qualifications, 
observations and comments in the Secretarial Auditors report too. Accordingly, the reports 
are not required to be read out in this meeting. The ordinary businesses set out in the 
AGM Notice pertain to - first one, adoption of standalone financial statements for the year 
ended 31st March 2025 together with the reports of the Board of Directors and auditors 
thereon.  
===== [PAGE 12 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
Second one, adoption of consolidated financial statement for the year ended 31 st March 
2025 together with the report of the auditors thereon,  
third one, declaration of final dividend of Rs . 20 per equity share and confirmation of the 
interim dividend of Rs. 30 per equity share paid during the year.  
Fourth resolution is about re-appointment of Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan Director who retires 
by rotation.  
There are two special businesses set out in this AGM notice but they are pertaining to 
appointment of M /s. Sridharan and Sridharan Associate as secretarial auditors of the 
Company and to fix their remuneration  and the sixth one is about ratification of cost 
auditors’ remuneration.  
The resolutions and the explanation statement in respect of the above proposals wherever 
applicable have been provided along with the notice, Few Shareholders have registered 
themselves as a speaker for raising queries questions at this meeting. I now request the 
moderator to facilitate shareholders to raise their clarifications also or speak up whatever 
they wanted to ask regarding the accounts and operations of the company during the year 
2024- 25 in the sequence of their registration. In the interest of the time and with a view 
to give adequate opportunity to all, I request members to be judicious in time and restrict 
the same to 3 to 5 minute s. We will hear all the queries first and after which I would be 
pleased to give my responses to your queries in consolidation or have them answered by 
my colleagues from the management team. So, with this, may I request a moderator to 
open up for the speakers in the order of their registration please. 
Moderator- Thank you very much, Sir. I request our first speaker, M/s. Nirzar Securities 
LLP, to kindly unmute, share the camera and proceed with the question. 
Mr Neerja Securities LLP- Hi, am I audible? 
Moderator- Yes, Audible, Sir, 
M/s. Nirzar Securities LLP- Yes, Thank you so much for this opportunity, Sir. Congrats 
on the numbers and the year. I have a few questions that I had sent beforehand. So, if 
you could break down the revenue that we get from aerospace, defence and automobile 
specifically by segments.  So by in terms of super abrasives and precision components, 
then I would want to know if there is any product overlap between the Wendt portfolio and 
the CUMI portfolio. And if there is an overlap which who's getting the priority of orders. 
Next up, I want to know the kind of ROCs we're expecting from medical, super 
semiconductor and glass processing tools within that, if you could tell me the current TAM 
and market share as well. The asset turnover and capacity utili sation for our 3 units. 
Moreover, with the Capex that we've done in the past financial year and three financial 
years, so in the past four financial years, what was the total amount and what was it used 
for? If you could just have a brief over that? And finally, you did mention that, yeah, there 
are going to be a certain amount of machines up for servicing and machine upgrades. Can 
we just know the top and bottom line for that impact that we could expect with that 
additional revenue? This wasn't mentioned in my previously s ubmitted questions, but 
something that I was curious about and I'm sure the other shareholders as well. But yeah, 
that's all for me. Thank you so much.  
Moderator- Thank you. I now invite our next speaker, Mr. Aspi Bamanshaw Bhesania, to 
kindly unmute, share the question, share the camera and proceed with the question. Mr. 
Aspi, I request you to kindly unmute and proceed with the question. 
===== [PAGE 13 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- No response. 
Moderator- Yes, 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- next speaker please. 
Moderator- I now request our next speaker, Mr. Santosh Kumar Saraf to kindly unmute, 
share the camera and proceed with the question. 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Mr. Saraf  
Mr. Santosh Kumar Saraf- हााँ जी माननीय सभापति जी उपस्थिि तनर्देशक मंडल क े  सभी अतिकारी गण और 
कममचारीगण मैं संिोष क ु मार सरामफ कलकत्ता से आप सभी को राम राम कहिा हाँ आशा करिा हाँ आप लोग सब अच्छ े  
स्वास्थ्य होंगे कममचारी भाई बहनों का भी आभार का भी करिा हाँ तजनकी कड़ी मेहनि का फल है ये हमारी क ं पनी और 
उनकी टीम का भी आभार पकड़ लेिा हाँ अच्छी सेवा र्देने क े  तलए सर आपने अपने पर्द से मैं बहुि क ु छ बिा तर्दया ऐसा िो 
एकर्दम बिाया करें तजससे हम क ु छ कर सक े  तकस पे गए िे बस जो िो क ु छ है नहीं तफर भी आगे से लािे ही एक र्दो पैसे 
कन्फमम कर रहा हाँ एक िो हमारी क ं पनी की ई एस जी रेतटंग क्या ये ई एस जी रेतटंग क्या बिाएगा उसका स्कोर क्या है ई 
एस जी का रेतटंग अच्छी है िो इसको हम तकस से हमारी क ं पनी क े  गुड्तवल क े  रूप में यूज़ कर सकिे स्क्रीन बॉन्ड इश्यू कर 
सकिे हैं ये ये ये बॉन्ड इश्यू होिा है और उन बोडम को हम तलस्टेड करवा सकिे हैं तजससे उनकी जब पर टेप से होगी क ं पनी 
की गुड्तवल का भी पिा चलेगा र्द ू सरा सरकार में एडतमशन क े  तलए क्या कर्दम उठाए नाश्ते आपने तकिना काबमन तलतमटेशन 
ररड्यूस तकया और ज़ीरो टारगेट कब िक कहा जाए िो आपने बिाया भी िा तफर भी बिा र्दीतजए कब से कम बिाइयेगा जब 
यूज़ कर रहे हैं आप एक बजट में हमारी टोटल क ै पेतसटी जो अलग है उसमें तकिने परसेंट है और 100% हम कब िक कर 
लेंगे सर अच्छा हमारे जो प्लानस र्द ू र है वहााँ पे आपने रूप पैनल की व्यवथिा की है िो बिाइयेगा और रूप िो बैनर की है 
उनकी क्या बिाएगा और क ु छ नहीं आपने सब क ु छ कहााँ से तसर में सेक्र े टरी को कहंगा मैडम िो स्माटम कम रतहए अपने मेरे  
लड़क े  को बैलेंस शीट भेजी मेरी वाइफ को बैलेंस शीट भेजी आज िक मुझे बैलेंस शीट नहीं भेजी िो हर आर्दमी का अपना 
इन्वेस्टमेंट है अगर आप सोचिे हैं की सर एक को तबज़नेस हो जायेगा िो आप एक ही अकाउंट में भेज तर्दए सबको िो उनक े  
एकाउन्ट में ड्यू डेट चलाएगा आपको एक बार पोस्ट करना पड़ेगा िीन बार चार बार पोस्ट नहीं करना पड़ेगा ये गलि काम 
पर आप हैं और चेममन साहब को समझाइए की हर आर्दमी का अपना अपना इन्वेस्टमेंट होिा है हर कोई अपने अपने इनकम 
टैक्स फाइल होिी है हर क े  पैसे अपने होिे हैं िो हर कोई अपना अपना अतिकार र्दीतजये ये ररक्व े स्ट है ज्यार्दा क ु छ नहीं मैं 
कहंगा ये वीसी मीतटंग कन्फ्यूज र्देस्िये आप से हमारी तफतजकल मीतटंग में पहले मुलाकाि हुआ करिी िी की अब तफतजकल 
नहीं होिी र्दम नहीं कर सकिे हैं और मैं गलि हाँ मैं रहिा हाँ अभी र्दो मीतटंग चल रही है क्या आपकी मीतटंग में बोल रहा हाँ  
र्द ू सरा हाइतिड मीतटंग चल रही है ये मौका क े वल पीसी क े  कारण पॉतसबल है अगर होिी है िो बॉम्बे नहीं जा सकिा िा अच्छा 
ये ररक्व े स्ट है की फीचसम लीतजए प्लीज़ एक बार फाइनल िेल पति से भी इसकी आप सभी को शुभकामना र्देिा हाँ भगवान से 
प्रािमना करिा हाँ पति से भी आपक े  साि साि में जीिने भी हमारे कममचारी भाई बहने उनक े  तलए शुभ और आने वाले त्योहार 
जो भी हमारी ये आपकी तजंर्दगी में जो भी त्यौहार हो उसमें आपको िुतशयां तमले और अच्छा तमले बार्द मैडम को तफर जनवार्द 
िो शायर्द की मेरी बाि से उनको अच्छा नहीं लगे इसतलए उनसे नाराज मि होइए मैं ने जो कहा पैन टेबल बाि की है यार 
आर्दमी का अपना अपना हर आर्दमी का अलग है क्या रिना चातहए जय तहंर्द जय भारि मॉडरेटर काफी अच्छा से कावी 
वाले इन का भी आभार प्रकट करना जनिा इनका भी आभार प्रकट है िो काफी अच्छी करिे हैं इन्ीं को यूचर में हाइयर 
क े  तलए सर 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao: Thank you, िन्यवार्द। 
Moderator- Thank you, Mr. Santosh Kumar Saraf, I now invite Mr . Nikhil Upadhyay to 
kindly unmute, share the camera and proceed with the question. Mr. Nikhil, I request you 
to kindly. Unmute 
Mr. Nikhil Upadhyay- Hello. 
Moderator- Yes, Sir, you're Audible, Sir.  
Mr. Nikhil Upadhyay- Yeah, good Afternoon. I have already sent my set of questions 
through the KFin tech window. I hope you have the questions with you.  
===== [PAGE 14 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
Board room: We have not received.  
Mr. Nikhil Upadhyay- sorry sir. 
Board room: We Have not received it, Sir. 
Mr. Nikhil Upadhyay- okay, then I'll, speak out those questions.  
Board room: Yeah. You can mail us also, we can reply in mail. 
Mr. Nikhil Upadhyay- Okay, I'll just ask my key questions and rest I'll mail and probably 
you can reply on mail. So, my key 3 or 4 main questions I'll just. Sir, in if we go through, 
if we go through our last three years AGM, we've mentioned that one of the key ideas for 
us has been building a stronger base and a wider base in newer industries. If you can just 
help us understand how has that initiative worked for us and the newer initiatives 
industries or newer in products which we had launched, how's their traction or revenue 
share increasing for us? Secondly, in the key industries which we mentioned which is steel, 
auto, auto ancillaries, what would be our market share effectively and how is that market 
share increased over the improved over the last 3 -4 years. And in FY -22 AGM we had 
talked about that we benefited f rom 3M reach and export to Wendt associates. Now with 
the 3M exit, how does that business get impacted or what other measures we are taking 
to grow the export business and what is the positioning of Wendt brand globally and which 
would be the key markets where Wendt is a strong player?  
Mr. Ninad Gadgil- Okay, Thank you. 
Mr. Nikhil Upadhyay- Probably I'll repeat rest; I'll mail the rest of the questions. If you 
can mail them the replies it would be pretty helpful.  
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Thank you, Mr. Nikhil, thank you. We will do that.  
Moderator- I now request our next speaker, Mr . Narendra S Trivedi, to kindly unmute, 
share the camera and proceed with the question. Mr. Narendra, I request you to kindly 
unmute and proceed with the question. 
Mr. Narendra S Trivedi- Hello 
Moderator- You're audible sir  
Mr. Narendra S Trivedi- Am I audible sir? 
Moderator- Yes, Mr. Narendra, you're audible. 
Mr. Narendra S Trivedi - I want to ask how many sales office in India and abroad and 
order position and expected orde r then what is our export market and what is your next 
higher expenditure? Thank you, Thank you.  
Moderator- Thank you, Mr. Narendra, I now request our next speaker, Mr. Abhishek Jain 
to kindly unmute, share the camera and proceed with the question.  
Mr. Abhishek Jain- Can you hear me Sir? Am I audible? 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Yes 
Moderator- Yes 
Mr. Abhishek Jain- First of all, I congratulate the management on the eve of annual 
general body meeting. Sir, trust all is well with you and your family in this ch allenging 
situation. A Company deserves much more respect than the current market cap after 
===== [PAGE 15 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
completing more than a decade of successful operations, profitability and becoming one 
of the strongest brands in the respective segment . Sir, as of date how many employees 
are there in the company? What are the steps being taken by the management to reduce 
the other expenses, legal progression charges and the audit fee? Sir, then myself and my 
team are running a legal firm in the name and style of Seven Worlds Associate in Chennai. 
So, I request the management finally enrol the firm, aim the empowerment of the 
company and we will be glad to extend our services. Sir, we can see that the company is 
doing very well and we are really thankf ul to the entire Board of Directors. For the social 
efforts in winning the company to this particular extent and rewarding the minority 
shareholders in large numbers. Sir then what are the steps taken by the management to 
improve the PE ratio, the EPS and the ROE. So kindly give us some brief on that Sir. And 
nothing much to ask. The company is doing really well. I would request the management 
to kindly take care of the hospitality part of the invest ors currently. I would request the 
management to kindly consider the hospitality and I would request management to kindly 
consider hybrid AGM. They have to come as most of the senior citizens are not because of 
the digital challenges in this virtual platform. So, if you consider hybrid AGM, they have to 
come more number of shareholder to join the meeting and you get the valuable point 
suggestion and ideas that will be helpful for management to empower in future. So, 
nothing much to answer. I wished company and board of directors  great success and 
Prosperity in the coming future and thank you for giving the Opportunities. I hope to see 
you in the Hybrid AGM next year, Thank you. 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Thank you, 
Mr. Ninad Gadgil- Thank you. 
Moderator- Thank you, Mr . Abhishek, I now invite our next speaker , Mr . Bala 
Subramaniyam Gayat hri to kindly unmute, share the camera and proceed with the 
question. No feedback received. I now invite next speaker Mr . Sanjog Saraf to kindly 
unmute, share the camera and proceed with the question. No feedback received. I now 
request our next speaker, Mr . Keshav Garg, to kindly unmute, share the camera and 
proceed with the question.  
Mr. Keshav Garg- Sir, Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have a list of questions. I'll 
just ask them. Sir, we have mentioned that we are market leaders in most of the segment 
that we supply to Sir, who would be our major competitors in all of the three segments. 
And Sir, would we be the single source supplier for most of these customers that we have 
mentioned in the presentation.  Sir similarly, our margins and our precision component 
divisions are on the lower side when compared to some of the peers. So, who would be 
our peers and what kind of margin improvement can we expect as this business scales up? 
Sir, can this business become 100 crore revenue streams for our company? Similarly, Sir, 
we mentioned that we'll be scaling up this business for a fuel pump customer. So, what 
kind of opportunity is that? And do we have an idea of order book or order supply to these 
customers? Sir s imilarly, we mentioned that as our business scales up with Indian 
customers, there's a possibility that we'll start supplying to their global operations. Sir how 
can this, what can, what kind of opportunity can this become over the next two to three 
years and serve with the 3 M around going? How can we see our export business 
improving? Sir just a second. Yeah, so why did our margins decline from 27% to 23%? 
And sir, we mentioned that majority of these were towards R&D investments and 
investment into sales and personnel. Sir, should we expect this 23, 24% to be the new 
normal or can we expect this to improve going forward? Sir similarly, Sir, my final question 
would be, Sir, where do we see our business growing over the next three to five years with 
us gaining the global rights and potentially supplying to a much larger market? Sir, sir if 
===== [PAGE 16 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
you could just help us understand that how the business can grow over the next three to 
five years, that would be very helpful. Sir, thank you so much and all the best.  
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Thank you. 
Moderator: I now request our next speaker, Mr . Pratik Sunil Kothari, to kindly unmute, 
share the camera and proceed with the question. Mr. Pratik, I request you to kindly unmute 
and proceed with the question.  
Mr. Pratik Sunil Kothari- Hello 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Yes, Pratik. 
Mr. Pratik Sunil Kothari- Yeah, Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question was 
if you could provide the m arket size of the Super abrasives in India as well as globally. 
Second, in the Super abrasives business, we've mentioned that we are exploring new 
opportunities in medical, consumer electronics, semiconductors and all this via either 
technical collaborations or by our own self. And also, we were identifying, you know, new 
opportunities in aerospace, defence, etc. So, if you could provide the opportunity size, the 
timelines, the competition and if possible whom we are trying to, you know, partner for, 
for th e technical expertise. Next, if there are any synergies with Carborundum and if 
there's a possibility of merger of the abrasives business. And lastly, since we've purchased 
the global brand, do we compete with the parent or if they, if they've exited the b usiness 
and if they've exited then what would be the opportunity in the exports for the next three, 
five years? That's it from my side. Yeah. Thank you. 
Moderator- Thank you,  Mr. Pratik. I now invite Mrs . Rachna Deepak Kukreja to kindly 
unmute. Share the camera. Proceed with the question.  
Mrs. Rachna Deepak Kukreja- Hello. Am I audible?  
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Yes, yes 
Moderator- You're audible, Madam.  
Mrs. Rachna Deepak  Kukreja- I have some Few questions. My first question is how 
much of the addressable import substitution market in India have we been able to capture 
so far and how big is this import replacement opportunity in India? My second question 
would be what are the key f actors that influence customers’ decision to choose Wendt’s 
products over other Competitors. My third question would be which end use industries 
have shown the highest retention and willingness to pay premium prices for your solutions? 
My fourth question would be how has Wendt market share along with the other domestic 
players in the Super abrasive sector grown in these recent years? Additionally, what would 
be current market share for products in newly diversified industries such as solar, 
semiconductors and medical devices? Are there any competitors in these segments as well 
either in India or globally? And what is the nature of their competitive landscape? My next 
question would be in super abrasive growth, is the growth driven more by the incr easing 
wallet share with existing customers or by acquiring new clients in diverse industries? Next 
question would be how does the machine business contribute to cross selling opportunities 
across Wendt portfolio? My last question would be how much of your distribution is driven 
through dealer lead sales versus direct sales to key large accounts? Thank you. 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Thank you, are we done with, moderator?  
===== [PAGE 17 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
Moderator- Sir, no, Sir, we still have 7 to 8 speakers. So, I'm inviting our next speaker, Mr. 
N Prakashchand Galada, to kindly unmute and share the camera. Mr . Prakashchand, I 
request you to kindly unmute and proceed with the question.  
Mr. N Prakashchand Galada- Yes, Sir. Good evening to all. First and foremost, physical 
or a hybrid meeting so that we can meet you in person and it will be easier for senior 
citizens. Secondly, the bonus was last in 2003 long back, so your share trades at 10,000 
plus making it difficult for newcomers. So, I request you to look into a bonus split, buyback 
all the three and the dividend was good and hope it will be better next year and also 
hospitality for the shareholders who attend the AGM. When you have a physical meeting, 
you do give us, but when it is VC, it is not being given. Please look into this. Thank you so 
much.  
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Thank You.  
Moderator:  Thank you, Sir. Next invite , Next SBI Contra fund to kindly unmute, share 
the camera and proceed with the question. I request SBI Contra fund representative to 
kindly unmute, share the camera and proceed with the question. I request you to kindly 
unmute. You are still on mute, Sir. Sir, request you to kindly unmute and proceed with the 
question. So, you will have a mic symbol just up on the below your screen Sir. Sir maybe 
you can refresh or join back. We'll invite you again, Sir. I now invite Mr . Viraj Bharat  
Kacharia to kindly unmute, share the camera and proceed with the question.  
Mr.  Viraj Bharat Kataria- Thank you for the opportunity. Hi Mr. Rao, hope you're doing 
well. Probably you might not remember we had a good opportunity to interact with you in 
your previous role at Kennametal. I have already sent you, my questions. Can you please 
confirm if you receive them? 
Board room: When were the questions sent Sir? 
Mr.  Viraj Bharat Kacharia - I sent it earlier to KFintech.  
Board room: We have not received it. Can you re forward it again 
Mr.  Viraj Bharat Kataria- Yes sure? Should I just e -mail it to you again? OK, just I'll 
just e-mail the questions, but I just highlighted the few of them on the mail on the AGM 
right now. First is, you know if you can just give some mix of the abrasive sales we do, 
how much is customi sed and how has that grown over last year? Similarly, you know if 
you look at dealer versus key account direct in the presentation also just now, we talked 
about the dealer driven business grown by around 32% versus overall sales grew by only 
9%. So, one is you know what is driving this growth in this dealer driven business? Is it 
network expansion or which applications or sectors is driving this? And similarly, the non-
dealer driven business there seems to be a degrowth. So, what is the reason behind that 
and again in terms of the trade or the economics, the margins for say between the two 
channels, how do they compare? And you know we've been talking about a demand more 
led by a grade of existing accounts, you know. So, can you just see, can you ju st give 
some perspective how much of the demand we are seeing is more of a great demand to 
existing lines as against new applications and few questions on the machineries, machines 
and accessories business? See, we talked about a total installed base of mo re than 1600 
machines. So, from your experience, typically what is a replacement cycle and average 
age profile of the installed base and of the revenue which we report, how much of the 
revenue is from service repairs as against fresh sales and the machine sales we typically 
do the new business, typically how much are repeat orders or grades you know from 
existing customers? Lastly, on the precision products, can you give some colour on, on 
how you're looking to ramp up and what will drive growth for us in this business and on a 
===== [PAGE 18 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
steady state mature basis what, should one look at another the margins in this business . 
Last is on the Capex for FY 26 and 27 and Just one request I. think, you know during your 
earlier at Kennametal. Also, we had seen a big reform into the investor relation functions 
and a much broader acceptance to investors, especially institutional investors in terms of 
addressing their queries on the business. Since this is the only forum in a year we get to 
meet the management, I'll just request now there is a more simplified ownership structure. 
So maybe we can give an opportunity to have a quarterly or a half yearly con call with 
investors so that through that we can get a more detailed perspective on the business and 
the performance, you know, for the period it has gone by. So just a request if we can look 
at this initiative as well under your chairmanship. So, I'll just send the questions on the e-
mail request you to help answer those as well. Thank you.  
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- sure, We Will reply. Thank you.  
Mr. Ninad Gadgil- Thank You 
Moderator: I now request Mrs . Bharti Saraf to kindly unmute, share the camera and 
proceed with the question. No response received. I now invite Mr. Rahul Kumar Paliwal to 
kindly unmute, share the camera and proceed with the question.  
Mr. Rahul Kumar Paliwal- Am I audible now?  
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Yes, yes. 
Mr. Rahul Kumar Paliwal- thanks for opportunity giving me. So, I have dropped around 
13,14 questions on e -mail, maybe you can answer those maybe I’ll reiterate couple of 
point to reemphasi se on and can someone note, take a note and respond as well in the 
AGM because this is the only opportunity as of now, we have to interact  with the 
management. So, my question goes here like so we are continuously mentioning our 
aspiration to be the most valuable company among Murugappa Group, right. And I'm sure 
there must be some thought process behind. So can we come to know about this that like 
you know a quantified market cap target and timeline you have said internally in order to 
achieve the same kind of results, the specific value creation lever which you are looking 
like organic growth, mergers or acquisition take licensing margin expansion underpinning 
this goal and any interim milestone which you can share to be the most valuable company 
you know in Murugappa group and with particular static pillar you are pulling in order to 
get the growth like semiconductor abrasive or aerospace or medical devices. Which one is 
most valuable for you and now has been our German promoter is off how companies 
maintaining access to the German technology, R&D capabilities and global customer 
relationship that have been our competitive advantage for over the 40 years, I guess. So, 
which specific technology licensing agreement are in place post our divestment from the 
Wendt GmbH then we are talking about actually so, so now this is going to be a company 
under Murugappa group only and this is defi nitely a small company. So, any thought in 
board? You know Murugappa group usually consolidate or cross leverage the companies. 
So, any thought to merge it with the any other technological platform group like CG Power 
or anything else which can give you the economy of a scale. And if that happens, what will 
be the board approved criteria like market cap threshold or shareholder value creation 
which would trigger such merger proposal and how would you protect the minority 
shareholder investments? Another question is about shareholder increase from 38%. So 
right now, we're holding we're Murugappa holding around 37 point something, right. So, 
any plan to increase the stake in the going forward in the future. Then there is a resignation 
today as well from the new CEO as well. So, CEO transition and leadership continuity, any 
comment on that like any anyone has been identified for the post. And then the Capex is 
jumped like 420% from 11  crores to around 60  crores. So, given the current revenue 
===== [PAGE 19 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
growth rate of this 3, 4 or 5%, how do you justify this massive capital deployment like 
what kind of expected ROE timeline and capacity utili sation targeted for these kinds of 
these investments? Also, the trade receivable has jumped from 52 to 65 crores, but is a 
30% increase with only three percent revenue growth. I'm talking about financial years. 
So, and DSO also increased from 80 to 101 days. This suggests either customer payment 
issues or aggressive revenue recognition. So, can you comment on the same? And our 
export sales have been declined from 12% while domestic grew 7% creating the concern 
geographical concentration risk. Given the political geological tension and the China plus 
one study mentioned in the report, what is the study to diversify export market and reduce 
dependence on the traditional markets? So, few questions. Kindly do answer in the regime 
and I have dropped the e-mail as well. Kindly do respond in that way and wishing you the 
best luck. The kind of value has been created by the group across and in the Wendt is 
super awesome. And as I represent the chief of  Family office and we look for this kind of 
initiative wher e the corporate governance can be assured in a golden category. So 
unfortunately, we are left with very few investment Avenues so looking forward for 
everything. All the best to Every one of you.  
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Thank you. 
Mr. Ninad Gadgil- Thank you.  
Moderator- I now request Mrs . Vandana ji to kindly unmute, clear the camera and 
proceed with the question. Mrs . Vandana ji, I request you to kindly unmute and proceed 
with the question. No response received. I now invite Mr . K Sadananda S astri to ki ndly 
unmute, share the camera and proceed with the question. No response received. I now 
invite Mr. Anandu Vithal Nayak to kindly unmute, share the camera and proceed with the 
question. No feedback received. I invite Mr . Yashpal Chopra to kindly unmute, share the 
camera and proceed with the question.  
Mr. Yashpal Chopra- Hello, Am I audible?  
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Yes, please, yes.  
Mr. Yashpal Chopra- Yeah, myself Yashpal Chopra, super senior citizen, shareholder of 
the Company for around 3 decades, speaking from Delhi. First of all, I would like to bless 
the management because this is really a dynamic management which has just given us a 
great, great results in the past. When I just see that my share which has just entice d the 
highest of more than 18,000, I was surprised to see how it fell down to 8000. So, there 
must have been something very big over there. I would like to find out the reason for that. 
So that is because share, my share price is the barometer of the strength of the company. 
And you see that generally we go with this barometer for our investment and all that. So, 
I got confused when I saw that my gold mine share has just fallen that way. So, it was 
really given me a great, great pain. Sir, I know th at last year in spite of the good sales, 
grand sales I can call it that, there was an all-round decline in PBT, PAT, EPS, EBITDA and 
all that. I don't know what was the basic reason for that, that I would like to also like to 
find out. But I feel that the last year it is 2024 was a year of consolidation. I hope that 
way and in the current year we will now just on a better path. This is what I hope and pray 
God that coming days may should we should be brighter for us. This is what I because 
now my name has come just in the end. And so, most of my queries for earlier committed 
because of your nice excellent presentation by your chairman, then followed up by your 
CEO. And then there was a long list of speakers and there w ere very much imminent 
speakers over there who are really worked hard to bring all those questions. But still I 
have got some questions are still left with me. So I would like to find out what is the future 
strategy of our company, how we will turn around and just get a t the old records we had 
===== [PAGE 20 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
been making all that we have been achieving all that how we would just attend those. This 
is one of the queries. Then the next query is that what is our mod us operandi for AI 
application in manufacturing unit? I would like to know. Then the third is that what is the 
corporate action? Is there a corporate action like bonus, buyback or something like that 
because it is long, long awaiting and we have not got t hat. So, we are waiting for that 
eagerly. So please think on that. So, then the next query which is just with me, that is the 
ratio of our foreign exchange earnings as we are approaching even in our foreign markets, 
we have got our clients and all that. I would like to know that then Sir, our company is 
very big company and but still there are some, there must be some person who would be 
coming and going. I would like to have the attrition ratio in the among the employees. 
Then I would like to find out the gender ratio and this is also very important. And finally, 
that's going to query is does Trump's those policies of tariffs and all that have any kind of 
effect on our company's performance that I would like to find out. And finally, finally, which 
is a very, very important resolution, that is a resolution from the speaker side, from the 
shareholder side, Sir, our AGM is a festival of the shareholder, which comes just once a 
year after 365 days and no festival is complete without a return gift to the partici pants. 
The management must think on that thing because now the time of physical meeting is 
over. We will have, we can have only the, the VC meeting. And that is very good that I am 
sitting in Delhi. I can attend the meeting which is just in our Tamil Nadu.  So, I would like 
in this process to continue. But at the same time, as Mr . Abhishek had also said that we 
need some return gift over there because no festival is complete without that. And you 
must think on that sincerely. And before I wind up, I thank our corporate governance, our 
company secretary and the team are getting me a chance to speak. And finally, I will pray 
God for the positivity for our chairman to the last person in our company. But that positivity 
means the strength of the co mpany in strength of the company in the strength of my 
investment. Best of luck. Happy Festivals coming ahead to wish you the same in health 
and happiness. Thank you. 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Thank you. 
Mr. Ninad Gadgil- Thank you.  
Moderator- I would now invite SBI Contra Fund to kindly unmute and share the camera. 
They could not connect earlier, so we are inviting them again.  
SBI Contra Fund- Hello.  
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Yes, please.  
SBI Contra Fund- I am audible? 
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Yes 
SBI Contra Fund- Okay, great. Just give me a second. No, actually quite a few of the 
questions have been answered. Just a couple of things. One is I wanted to understand the 
growth trajectory a bit better. I think over the next sort of seven years, we expect t he 
industry to grow at 17% CAGR, but a lot of that would really be dependent on how say EV 
medicals and electronics plans out. So, if you could, if you could sort of differentiate 
between that, like what's the current market growth that you see over t he next three 
years, you know planning out and how obviously the long term that you talk about 17%. 
So just a bit more clarity or not on the current state and the longer term the other dynamic 
I wanted to understand a bit better was in terms of building a preparedness to cater to 
these industries in house and from a technology point. So, we've already started stepping 
up on the R&D expense and I think a lot of that is, is related to you know medical 
electronics. If you could talk, you know, as a percent of sales, where do we see this 
===== [PAGE 21 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
trajectory going? I think already have reached 2.5% last fiscal year, but over the next 
couple of years how do you want to run this up from a percent of sales perspective? And 
also talk abou t you know, the technology tie -ups that you're looking to do within these 
fields of EV medical electronics. Specifically, on the exports market, if you could highlight 
a bit, what are the opportunities that are available in, in super abrasive exports and which 
end applications could we be targeting? The other thing that's, that's you know, come out 
globally is that, you know, NATO and Europe have decided to increase the defence spend 
to almost 5% of the GDP. You, you see that sector, you know, in the export market as well 
as a growth driver for us. And if you could provide some examples on that. I had a couple 
of questions on the machines segment as well. We've recently established, you know, 
subsidiary in Germany and I think this quarter we've taken some bit of hit on that. But if 
you could, if you could elaborate a bit on that, you know, what's the strategic rationale 
behind this move and, and how do you think this entity can, can expand our reach in the 
European market? You know, on a similar point, you've talked about the access f or 
peripheral grinding machines that we've got, I'm assuming, you know, probably that 
subsidy will help us, you know, garner share within those market. But if you could talk 
about that market as a whole, you know, what's the opportunity from this peripheral 
grinding machines access that we have and how do we see that sort of segment growing? 
I had one more question just to understand on the machine segment, you know, we've 
seen the segment be extremely volatile on a quarterly basis over the past one year. If you 
could just help us, you know, give some clarity on how do we look at  that segment going 
forward. You know, talk about, let's say what are the domestic market growth that you're 
seeing within the machine tool segment? What is the export opportunity over there in this 
quarter specifically? We've seen a loss come in this quarter. If you could highlight a bit on 
that. You know what is leading to the loss. I understand the sales are down, but you know 
what sort of investments are, are bringing down the profitability over there as well. Yeah, 
those were the questions there. Thank you.  
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao- Thank you. 
Mr. Ninad Gadgil- Thank you.  
Moderate: Thank you, Sir. with this all the speakers who had registered have been 
provided the opportunity and that there are no other speakers in the queue. Now I hand 
it over back to you, Sir.   
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao - Okay, thank you, thank you moderator for organi sing the 
speakers to pick out. Thank you very much for the shareholders for showing very keen 
interest and raising different kind of queries to us. So now let me attempt to answer some 
of the questions myself and then as sort of the business strategy and certain operation 
questions shall be passed on to the CEO. So, Mr. Ninad Gadgil to answer.  
The first one is about that is although it is not in the order there were questions about the 
AGM convened through video conferencing. I think you are all aware that the Ministry of 
Corporate affairs has permitted companies to hold their Annual General Meeting through 
video conferencing and other audio -visual means. Hence,  we have organi sed 43rd AGM 
through this kind of audio -visual means. There were queries about the physical copy of 
the annual report. Our Company secretary, we confirmed that wherever see there is a first 
of all, you know that there is an exemptio n provided. No physical or hard copies of the 
notice and annual report will be sent to the members who have not registered their e-mail 
addresses with the company or RTA. However, in line with the SEBI, the Master circular 
dated 11th July 2023, hard copy o f annual report was sent to the shareholders who had 
physically made this request for the same. Also, this year, the Company has sent letters 
===== [PAGE 22 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
to shareholders who did not register their e -mail ID containing the annual report and the 
AGM link separately. There are questions around gifts. I think as per the Secretarial 
Standard, gifts are not allowed to be distributed at the AGM till 2019 when the physical 
AGMs were conveyed snacks and coffee, tea was provided as part of the hospitality to the 
shareholder attending the physical AGM. So, since this e -AGM is being convened through 
video Conference mode and no physical meeting is convened, the refreshments are not 
provided this time. I hope you appreciate and understand this. And there is a question 
about bonus. See the issuance of bonus shares will require capitalisation of the reserves. 
As you will notice from the financial statement, the Company uses internal accruals for 
funding its various business prospects as a part of its growth plan. There are se veral 
projects in the progress or proposed to be taken up and the Board will take a decision on 
this at an appropriate point of time regarding the bonus share. There are some questions 
about stock split. I think the Noard will take a decision on this at an appropriate point of 
time because it was a point from the liquidity point of time point of this thing, it was raised. 
So, we have not taken any kind of consideration as of now. And then there was another 
question relating to, yeah, it was about merger, say merger with the CUMI. That point 
came up. I think the Board has not considered any kind of this action. So hence I'll not be 
able to comment anything on this. I think that's all at the moment. If there are th en 
another question about it said that the Wendt India is the most valuable company in the 
Murugappa group. Yes, it is. And the entire team is continuing to strive hard to keep the 
flag flying high. We seek your understanding and support. And there was a mention about 
CEO resigning. Yes, Mr. Ninad Gadgil is leaving your Company for its own personal ladder 
pursuing the other tracks outside Wendt India. The initiation has been done and we will 
let you know at appropriate point of time about the new CEO to lead your Company. The 
one point came up about investor concerns quarterly because this is the only opportunity. 
See as of now we provide sufficient opportunity in the AGM by giving advanced information 
and also making it fairly detailed whether the speech from my side or from the CEO side, 
a very detailed presentation and also this kind of an attraction which is going on. So, we 
are not considered any kind of a quarterly investor meet or other things at this point of 
time. However, in this kind of AGM opportunity, there are any clarifications or some 
questions requiring do please feel free to register and send it to our Company Secretary. 
We will try to answer with this now I will request you Ninad to answer rest of the questions 
please.  
Mr. Ninad Gadgil- Thank you, Sir. So, I'll try and address some of the questions re lated 
to the total addressable market and segment share. And also, you know where are we 
seeing fast growing opportunities and you know the common portfolio overlap between 
CUMI and Wendt. So, to begin with, there is no portfolio overlap between CUMI and Wendt 
the total super abrasives domestic opportunity or domestic market size is close to about 
360 odd million dollars out of which Wendt addresses roughly about $45 million. Wendt 
does not play in the entire 360 odd million dollars in the balance, which is say roughly 360 
- 45 in that space. There are some sub segments out of that where CUMI plays. CUMI is 
super abrasives play is largely in the construction segment, also limited to construction 
retail in super abrasives, for example, wall cutters or tile cutters these are products that 
CUMI addresses. Wendt played entirely within the 45 million US dollars, which are largely 
again customised precision products which are meant for say auto component industry for 
sack crack and camshaft application or engine valve application. They are meant for the 
glass industry, ceramics industries. These products are not manufactured by  CUMI and 
need of the Wendt manufacture. Some of those products that I mentioned are going into 
the construction retail segment of the market whe re CUMI play. So, there's no product 
portfolio overlap as such at all in the super abrasive segment and of course no overlap in 
===== [PAGE 23 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
the machine tools or precision component business because CUMI does not play in those 
segments at all.  
So, with this I have also an swered some other, you know queries related to the total 
addressable market for Wendt which I said again is $45, million. And then to the question 
related to what is the expected market growth. So, we feel that largely because of 
emerging segments in semiconductor, healthcare and solar glass, this market is expected 
to be at about growing at about 17% and go roughly to $110 to $120 million space, a 
dollar size in the next say three to five years. And within that we have visibility to the solar 
glass segment. We do not have you know as yet visibility on the semi con or the medical 
side because they are still, I would say at the early stage of evolution compared to solar 
glass. Solar glass, you know there are already you know, glass manufacturers available 
over here and they are, you know there's increased investment happening here in capacity 
and we all know about the total investment plan by the country here, you know as high or 
as ambitious as going up to 150 or even higher Gigawatt.  
I think the other you know; questions were related to our market share within each of 
these segments. So, I will not be able to you know, share the specific market share, but 
first I'll try and give a view of how our sales is split up today. So, if you loo k at our total 
sales of roughly about say 100 odd crores in the domestic side, like I had said, about 34% 
comes from auto and auto components, about close to 8 to 10% comes from Bearing, 
about 7 to 10% comes from cutting tool or 10% comes from engineering etc. There was 
a specific question on how it does defence and aerospace, you know contribute to our total 
sales. So, I would say right now it is in low single digits. It's, you know, it's, a fairly small 
percentage as of now. In terms of market share, our share varies from in some segments 
we have a low single digit share and in some we have as high as 68% share. In some of 
these segments. I'll not be able to you know reveal the exact specific share in each of 
these segments. But suffice to say obviously as  some management team, you know we 
do have that information and we look at our internal capabilities and our current share 
and the future potential in each of these sub segments. And based on that you know we 
take calls for you know, either over resourcing or adding investments etc.  
I will request my CFO to give and to share information related to the to the asset turnover 
and some other ESG related points. There was a question related to major competitors. 
So, we do have competition from in Super abrasive our competition is from Europe, from 
Japan, from Korea. We have you know large players from these countries, they are global 
players and they do have a presence in India as well. Our competition in machine tools 
and precision components of course is again  completely different. We have local Indian 
competition also in super abrasives. Likewise, in machine tools. We have limited Indian 
domestic competition. We have small competitors and we also have large competitors in 
there was a question on fuel pump, what is the opportunity here? So, we manufacture the 
Wheels that are used in fuel injection pumps and we supply these parts to the fuel injection 
pump manufacturers. In some cases we do the entire assembly and we supply the entire 
assembly for the pump. Yeah, I think how do we will share or how do we position ourselves. 
Typically, most precision applications we conduct trials, we throughout our products and 
customer look for what is called as total cost of ownership or cost of component. They look 
at what is the total delivered cost of the industrial consumable or the industrial abrasive 
as a percentage of the total, you know, cost, you know for that component. So, it's always 
seen from the customer viewpoint.  
We sometimes could be selling the product which  is two or three times more premium 
than competition, but in terms of cost of usage or ownership, it would be lower for the 
customer. So, these are the factors that are typically considered. Obviously, the finish of 
===== [PAGE 24 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
the component and you know other paramet ers are all obviously equally important. How 
much of our current portfolio in super abrasives customi sed? I would say today almost 
80% of our sales is from customi sed product. There is a small segment, you know which 
is about 20% which is standard produc ts and we are looking at improving the sales of 
these products through distribution. So, with that now I will hand over to my CFO to 
answer some of the other questions.  
Mr. Mukesh Kumar Hamirwasia- Thank You Ninad for the opportunity, and we Reply to 
the first question by Mr. Santosh Saraf on the ESG rating of the Company. If yes how we 
can use this for this was the question. So, as you know, Wendt, if you know we, we are 
not our case, assurance is not mandatory for us that is number one but nevert heless we 
are a Company which is compliant to involvement society and the governance perspective 
under the ESG. We do report under the BRSR (Business Responsibility and Sustainability 
Report) mandatory for the top 1000 listed companies, the market capitalisation. And if 
you recall, we have got an award also in 22-23 from the ICAI Silver Award for Excellence 
in BRSR. We have engaged an external agency to map our Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 
targets on the environmental carbon discharge and we have carbon emissions and we 
have also defined our target. Of course, India is signed the net 0 by 2070. That is the 
promise by India. We will do it much of year. That is what we have the action and the other 
question was on the renewable energy.  
So, we have installed 2 solar Panels in our plant. Obviously, this is a very small as a pilot 
project we have done at the moment. So,120 KWH is the total capacity of those panels. 
And with this we will scale up further. And of course, as I said assurance is not mandatory 
for us. It is coming applicable only for 26 -27 on our Wendt India. And why we are not 
going for external rating is also we don't need a green bond as such because as you know 
we are a debt free comp any whatever the internal accruals is , that we are using for 
investment and Capex purpose. So obviously at the moment these green bonds will not 
help us, but obviously that's a point well understood. These do a premium when we go for 
a capital for  funding or a loan requirement the other question was on the, I think the 
Capex epic turnover last year Obviously, they rightly pointed out one of the shareholders 
in the query. The Capex investment was higher from 11 crores jumped to almost 60 crores, 
majority 35 crores if you recollect is towards the brand which we acquired Wendt brand 
which will give us a leverage to get the export market in newer rupees where Wendt 
presently did not have the global sales. 
So obviously it is something for the future. The other thing our trade receivable one of the 
questions was there why it has increased from 52 crores to 65 crores for FY24 - 25 as in 
31st march increased by 35% and also the DSO - days’ sales outstanding also come from 
80 to 101 days. Majority of this belongs to the machine tool segment which is some portion 
is always linked to the prove out installation commissioning and all this outstanding has 
been collected in Q1. So, there is nothing which is a matter of concern or request provision. 
I think I have answered.  
Mr. Bhagya Chandra Rao - okay, thank you Ninad Gadgil, and  Mukesh for clarifying 
questions, the operation point of the strategy. So, with this, ladies and gentlemen, this 
concludes the business part of the meeting. Now, the Insta Poll facility will be activated to 
enable members who have not cast their votes earlier through remote e voting. This facility 
is available on the left-hand corner of the video conferencing screen in the form of a thumb 
sign. Members can click on the same to take them to  the Insta Poll page and vote. Mr. R 
Sridharan, Scrutinizer, will submit a report to the Company after consolidating the remote 
e-voting and voting at the AGM and there is no other business to be transacted. I declare 
the meeting as closed. I thank all the shareholders for connecting with us today. I also 
===== [PAGE 25 of 25] peer-concalls\WENDT-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
File Name Meeting Date 
WENDT (INDIA) LIMITED 21-07-2025 
 
thank the KFin team for facilitating the video conferencing which enabled connecting with 
our shareholders across the world and the other service provider for ensuring seamless 
conduct of the meeting. Thank you. Have a good evening. Thank you. 
Mr. L Ramkumar- Thank you, thank you to the chair. 