
===== [PAGE 1 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
 
March 15, 2024 
Ref: Sec/Sto/2024/03/07 
 
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001   
 
Subject:  Transcripts for the Analysts / Institutional Investors Meeting held on March 11, 2024  
 
Ref      :   Kennametal India Limited - [Scrip code: 505890] 
Our Letter s No. Sec/Sto/2024/03/01 dated March 5, 202 4, Sec/Sto/2024/03/03 dated 
March 6, 2024 and Sec/Sto/2024/03/05 dated March 12, 2024 
________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In further to our above letters, we enclose herewith a copy of the Transcripts of video recording of the 
meeting held with the following Investors / Analysts on Monday, March 11, 2024: 
 
1. Nippon Mutual Fund  
2. Mahindra Manulife Mutual Fund  
3. LIC Mutual Fund  
4. Baroda BNP Mutual Fund  
5. White Oak Capital  
6. SBI Mutual Fund  
7. UTI Mutual Fund  
8. ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund  
9. Haitong Securities India Private Limited  
10. Spark PWM Private Limited  
11. Finvest Advisors  
12. Envision Capital Servies Private Limited  
13. Equirus Securities Private Limited  
14. Family office of Mr. Jatinder Agarwal  
 
Kennametal India Limited  
CIN: L27109KA1964PLC001546  
8/9th Mile, Tumkur Road, Bangalore 560073, INDIA  
T +91 80 43281 444/215 | F + 91 80 28390129 
k-in-kil@kennametal.com 
www.kennametal.com 
===== [PAGE 2 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 2 of 42 
 
 
The said Transcript s is available on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.kennametal.com/in/en/about-us/kil-financials/press-release---investor-calls.html 
  
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kennametal India Limited 
 
 
 
Aditya Jain 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 3 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 3 of 42 
 
 
Management – Kennametal India Limited 
Mr. Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan, Managing Director 
Mr. Suresh Reddy, Chief Financial Officer 
Ms. Swastika Mukherjee, General Manager - 
Strategic Marketing 
Mr. Aditya Jain, Compliance Officer 
Investors / Analysts 
1. Nippon Mutual Fund Mr. Amber Singhania 
2. Mahindra Manulife Mutual Fund Mr. Renjith Sivaram 
3. LIC Mutual Fund Mr. Yogesh P 
4. Baroda BNP Mutual Fund Mr. Sandeep Jain 
5. White Oak Capital Mr. Neeraj Prakash    
6. SBI Mutual Fund Mr. Bhavin Vithlani 
7. UTI Mutual Fund Mr. Karthikraj Lakshmanan 
8. ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund Mr. Saif Gujar 
9. Haitong Securities India Private Limited Mr. Chintan Modi 
10. Spark PWM Private Limited Mr. Jainis Ketan Chheda 
11. Finvest Advisors Ms. Vartika 
12. Envision Capital Servies Private Limited Ms. Alisha Mahawla 
13. Equirus Securities Private Limited Mr. Harshit Patel 
14. Family office of Mr. Jatinder Agarwal Ms. Ishpreet Batra and Mr. Jatinder Agarwal 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
Good Morning, with your consent, we have started recording the proceedings of the meeting. 
 
I am Aditya Jain, the Compliance officer of the Company. I have with me Mr. Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan, 
Managing Director , Mr. Suresh Reddy, Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Swastika Mukherjee, Head of 
marketing. 
 
I would like to commence the call with a disclaimer: 
 
We will not be making any forward -looking statements on this call, and we would be restricting our talk to 
publicly available information only. Nothing stated during this call should be inferred or construed as a 
forward-looking statement from the company. Al l details and data that may be discussed and deliberated 
during this call shall be strictly historical and based on market estimates on publicly available reports. Any 
statements made during this call, if construed as a forward -looking statement, might inv olve risks and 
uncertainties, and the participants in this meeting are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these 
statements that speak only as of their dates. 
Before we open the floor for discussion, I request the participants to tell your name and the Company you 
represent. 
 
===== [PAGE 4 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 4 of 42 
 
 
 
Chintan Modi 
 
Yeah. 
Hi everyone. 
Myself, Chintan Modi from Haitong securities. 
We are sell-side broker and I represent myself as a senior analyst to you. 
 
Aditya Jain   
 
Go Ahead Jainis. 
 
Jainis Ketan Chheda    
 
Good morning, team. Good morning to the management of Kennametal. Hi, I'm Jainis Chheda from Spark 
capital, Spark PWM Private limited. We have been covering Kennametal for since November 2022, and we 
are sell-side broker and we, our clients have active interest in Kennametal. 
 
Vijaykrishnan    
 
Thanks, Jainis. 
 
Jainis Ketan Chheda    
 
Thank you. 
 
Aditya Jain  
 
Since we have a larger group, I would request to tell us only your name and the company that you're 
representing, in the interest of time. 
 
Harshit Patel    
 
Sure sir, I'm Harshit Patel. 
I represent Equirus Securities. 
I'm a sell side analyst and covering this sector for the past seven to eight years. 
 
Aditya Jain   
 
Thanks Sir. 
Yes Amber. 
 
Amber Singhania    
 
Yeah. 
Hi, this is Amber Singhania. 
===== [PAGE 5 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 5 of 42 
 
 
I represent Nippon Mutual fund. 
Thank you. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Thank you. 
 
In the interest of time, since a lot of people are there, what we can do is when you go around the table with 
the questions, probably they can state the name for people who are not introduced yourself, state the name 
and which organization you're representing before the question. What we thought is, since there was lot of 
requests from people this time, we will start with Nippon and then LIC because they were the ones who, 
either restored first or sent us some written questions and then we will go in the sequence which Aditya will 
read out. 
 
I hope that is ok. 
We make sure that everybody gets an opportunity to ask whatever questions and having gone through this 
for the last four year s, I believe that a lot of questions would be overlapping.  
So, Nippon, I don't know, Amber, whether you're going to ask or somebody else is going to ask, but please 
go ahead. 
 
Amber Singhania   
Fine Sir. 
Thanks a lot for this opportunity. 
Just on a broader sense, a couple of questions. 
 
One, if you can take us through how the overall industry is shaping up both domestic as well as export side 
as well as the segment per say, because in the past we have seen certain hiccups , we have seen on the 
export market. You know how the China is panning out from the machinery side, and at the same time we 
also targeted on our tool side on the MSME. So how those initiatives are shaping up?  
 
One more thing I wanted to understand is from the CNC machine side, what kind of opportunity we are 
seeing in India per se, because there is a lot of buzz about the Capex happening across the industry.  
Are we seeing a good opportunity for CNC machines in I ndia and how are we going to address that 
opportunity, apart from China as such. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
Yeah. Thanks amber. So , I think it's a very broad question. So , I'm going to go ahead and give a more 
elaborate answer. So again, you are all of you are covering, I think manufacturing in one way or the other. 
So, you would have already heard there is a lot of robustness when it comes to Indian manufacturing sector. 
We continue to see private sector capex expansion staying the course like what I said when I met you during 
November, some of you who I met during November during the AGM, we're seeing the course either is due 
to capacity expansion where there's a lot of investments or there is a replacement cycle which is happening 
of the machinery due to driven by modernization. So, if you look at whatever published data you have, 
especially the off late, you already have a traditional one listed company in the machine building space. The 
second one came into the market recently and there is a lot of some amount of data now starting to form in 
===== [PAGE 6 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 6 of 42 
 
 
the capital equipment side from a public domain. But there is robustness in the order book. There is 
robustness in terms of machines being invoiced and commissioned in the country and we expect not to stay 
the course, ok for the reasons is very simple right? The economy continues to, I'm not forecasting here. I'm 
just saying that the projections clearly says that the economy is going to remain strong, manufacturing sector 
will remain strong irrespective of even how export market does the domestic consumptio n will still drive a 
lot of manufacturing whichever sectors we take or be it automotive, be it auto components, be it construction, 
mining, infrastructure, aerospace, electronics, everything is driving expansion. So, what's happening is the 
consumption driven capex expansion is going there to stay. And now when we talk about exports, export is 
still soft, right? China hit the bottom. We have not seen much recovery when it comes to the China market, 
which again this is  data available in the public domain. Wh ile it is not worsened, but we have not seen 
significant sequential improvement, it is definitely not dropping anymore. From what we are seeing, right, 
but it's what we expected is that whether it will be a V shaped recovery, no, it has been a L, right? It dropped 
and it's moving in that pattern at this point in time. US continues to do well, Europe still struggling a little bit. 
Now, you talked about exports. Now exports is where we had a lot of headwind over the last 12 to 15 months 
and you would have see n that in the last four to five quarters of our performance in our commentary that 
exports are little bit of a struggle for us. Now that's driven because of softening of demand in the developed 
countries and China. And while we are not seeing further erosi on, it's still not, I won't put it that , we are 
seeing a substantial recovery in that space, ok, it's recovery is there, but it's not like a week, right? And it's 
not L either. When I combine Europe, US and China together, there is a recovery, but sequentially it's very 
slow. OK, now coming to CNC machines now China remains to be soft and that headwind continues. But 
when you talk about domestic, definitely domestic market is for example last year again in the AGM, we 
commented domestic growth on CNC machin es was 46%, right. And we never used to see that kind of 
growth in the domestic market. The domestic market is really good. Exports if we look at China, China 
remains soft and we continue to see a lot of robustness in summary manufacturing sector in India.  I 
personally I don't see any concerns hope I answered all the 10 questions you asked in one question. 
 
Amber Singhania    
 
Yeah. 
So if you can just quantify a bit broadly the opportunity in India both for the machine side as well as hard 
tool side and where do we stand in the overall scheme of things and what are our long term, let's say three-
to-five-year targets on that? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan    
 
I think we have answered this quite many times, but I still go ahead. I think roughly again, I'm going by 
secondary data what we have. The machine tool business in India is probably Nexus of 20,000 crores and 
obviously we are at only 150 crores but addressable market for us could be probably 1/4th. Yo u know, 
maybe between 1/4th and 1/5th of the market is what we are looking at and the other area is something which 
we have not. There's no syndicated data available, right? And we can take anywhere between 5000 - 6000 
crores. Again, there's no syndicated data, so I want that to be taken with the disclaimer. 
 
Amber Singhania   
 
OK. 
Any long term, three-to-five-year horizon target which you can share, where do we see ourselves? 
===== [PAGE 7 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 7 of 42 
 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
I can't do that Amber. 
 
 
Amber Singhania   
 
Fine, fine, fine, Sir. 
I'll come back to the queue later on, yeah. 
 
Aditya Jain    
 
Sure. I'll request LIC to post questions now. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Once we cover LIC, I think there are a lot of hands up, so I'll go with that. 
 
Yogesh P    
 
Yeah, yeah. 
 
Good morning, everyone and thank you very much for giving opportunity.   Sir, considering your last four 
quarters, you rightly highlighted is exports, it largely due to China effect and domestically we slowly getting 
traction. So, considering the last four quarters, what are the steps you have taken to improve the 
performance and whether domestically things are changed for us. So how do we actually capitalize the next 
growth level? Let's take a firm demand coming from let's take aerospace, defense, and most of them 
manufacturing, especially in aerospace is happening at first time, right. And in the last interview, I think in 
some one of the forums you mentioned about the machining of titanium products which requires a higher 
tool consumption. So we want that what we are done as of now and how th ings will progress from here 
because we see a defense, manufacturing is increasing and from let’s take last year use, let's take a your 
exposure to defense is X to what could be this year is it 3X -5X because of the small size that is one part 
and probably we can ask for that. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
Yeah. 
So Yogesh, let me start what we have done, will tell you if you look at the last four quarters, again, I'm 
going to talk about numbers. You have seen a sequential improvement in our PBT, right? 
 
So, the how that is driven and this is and we have been very transparent about the whole thing, right? We 
said we had a large capex cycle inventory which was again communicated over spoke to us four years, four 
quarters back. Now our operations are running ve ry streamlined and there is a better utilization. So , 
obviously you see a cost absorption come through very efficiently in the sequential improvement of the last 
four quarters and that's what we told also will happen, right. And we didn't. 
===== [PAGE 8 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 8 of 42 
 
 
 
And we are just staying the course in terms of operational excellence and you see the improvements and 
cost absorption show up in the PBT one, even though our top line has been sequentially not at the same 
growth rate. 
 
So, we from an operational excellence side, yes, we are comfortable on what we said we will do and we 
have done that and we continue to look upon on the sequential improvement on the operation side.  
Now when it comes to our segments, especially what you spoke  about, aerospace continues to grow very 
fast as a sector while base is very, very, very small in the country. But there are more and more investments 
and we are very, very strong in that space and this is something which again I've been very consistent to all 
of you globally we have very, very well pushed when it comes to aerospace because we are one of the 
leading suppliers when it comes to aerospace components worldwide and this helps us when there is more 
and more components are getting localized. 
 
It could be that it's just not titanium. There are other materials too, and these require high end solutions 
which were pushed very well and we continue to see the benefit of it, right? I can't give you percentages, 
but even though on a small base that is our best performing and the fastest growing segment for Kennametal 
India, so it's aerospace definitely yes, but exports, you ask the question about exports, whether it will be 3X 
4X exports, I don't see. 
 
Again, I'm if you're covering the manufacturing sector, you might hear a very similar commentary. It's still a 
little soft when it comes to all the uncertainties in Western Europe and China. US as a market is ok, right? 
But when you look at Western Europe and China, yes, still seeing some softness, some uncertainties, some 
disruptions, supply chain one issue or the other has been happening, right, thanks to the recent ritzy issues. 
Now it's a longer supply chain, so all this is still a lot of uncertainty w hen it comes to Western Europe and 
China, right. 
 
I hope I covered all your questions, because again, you also build multiple questions in that one question. 
 
Yogesh P  
   
Thank you very much. 
 
What are the actions we have taken to diversify the export or any other geography or any kind of product?  
Or do you think that existing export we are actually will continue to remain like this or we have identified 
certain new geographies or maybe products to actually notify the effect of China? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
So, what we have done is we have increased our focus because obviously, India is the best performing 
market in the world currently. So, we have gone a little more deeper in terms of because Market is growing 
reasonably strong here across all categories. So, we found a little more deeper. Again, given the new LODR 
regulations, I can only comment and products what we have launched because I can't just comment here 
and not inform the Stock Exchange. I think we did introduce a product called VTL. It was a new category for 
us. It's a large category in India, so we did introduce that category. We will be announcing some of the next 
six months. Whatever is launching, you will come to know when we announce it in the stock market. So, 
===== [PAGE 9 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 9 of 42 
 
 
what we're looking at as an approach, you asked about what we are doing, especially in the domestic 
market, we are expanding our relevance in the market. When I say relevance, there are categories where 
we would have not played in the past, but that's a la rger opportunity. So, we are looking at one or two of 
those opportunities, how we can look at in the country and we will be again when we are ready to announce 
that to the street, you'll also come to know on some of the new product launches we will be intr oducing to 
take advantage of the large and growing markets in the country. So those are the mitigations, I think a 
significant amount of strength is going to come from domestic, which because we are seeing a very strong 
momentum for few years in the domestic market when it comes to export, there are other countries we have 
started to look at, but nothing yet concrete. But there are some geographies which are getting very attractive. 
So again, something which you will come to know once we are introducing those. 
 
Yogesh P    
 
Sir, I agree. 
 
We know we cannot discuss the product at this point of time, but products for which industry that we at least 
we can actually communicate for which industry or segments in manifest. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan    
 
It's going to be broad based; it would be for example , tier suppliers of oil and gas valve manufacturing 
because a lot of valve manufacturing in the country, it would be going into energy sector, and it'll be going 
into auto component sector. So, all three are very large. 
 
Yogesh P   
 
OK, it's based on last four quarters of conversation with market, and with the customers and distributors, for 
next 2-3 year which industry can drive the price growth for us? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan    
 
Come on Yogesh, you know this better. Everything is growing. 
 
Yogesh P    
 
For us, see there will be strong areas for us. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan    
    
Tell me which is not growing. 
 
Yogesh P    
 
There will be strong areas for us, weak areas for us because there is a competition everywhere. I know, but 
see, the aerospace is definitely one, but apart from the aerospace, any other segment which is not 
contributed to the past, and it expected to well in future. 
===== [PAGE 10 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 10 of 42 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan       
 
Let me put it this way. 
 
I think the sectors which are going to drive in terms of percentages, one can say that something like an 
aerospace something like energy, something like oil and gas will be higher, right? just in percentage terms. 
But when it comes to quantum, I still feel the entire tier supplier is in the transportation sector. When I say 
transportation, I'm going to qualify this very clearly because our bigger place in tractors, commercial vehicles 
and cars, right? We don't play significantly into wheel space, so even the EV transition in two wheel will not 
or rather doesn't have much impact because we don't play significant manner on the two wheel industry. All 
but we also seeing significant area drive because of off road vehicles, off road covers, mining, off -road 
covers, defense, off-road covers construction equipment industry and that is that is the sector which is really 
we are something which we are looking forward. 
 
Yogesh P    
 
Ok. 
And what is the impact on basically rates issue like because we are importing raw material any negative 
effect or maybe positive effect from because some of the competitor is also importing final product so is 
there any opportunity or any loss in terms of margins something you can share? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan    
 
Not significant, not better enough for Yogesh, just that it takes more time to go around Africa? and some 
shipments might be taken by air but it is not material enough. 
 
Yogesh P   
 
OK. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan    
 
It's not material enough to make an impact, OK. 
 
Yogesh P    
 
OK. 
Thank you very much, Sir. 
And all the best. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan    
 
Yeah. 
Thank you, Yogesh. 
Can you go by the sequence of people who have raised? 
 
===== [PAGE 11 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 11 of 42 
 
 
Aditya Jain  
 
Ok. 
So next is Harshit Patil from Equirus Securities Private Limited. 
Yes Harshit, good morning. 
 
Harshit Patel    
 
Ok, sure. Thank you, Sir. 
 
My first question is, in the annual report you have mentioned that machine exports to China when impacted 
last year and hence we expanded into newer geographies of Thailand and Vietnam. So how have we failed 
so far in these geographies and what would be your outlook on this same? Also, if we are very competitive 
in the Chinese market, then we must be very competitive in the local Indian market just because of the sheer 
difference in the pricing. So , do you think that we would be able to increase our local market share very 
substantially going ahead? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan     
    
Yeah, Harshit. 
 
I'll answer some of it because the market share question is something which I can't answer directly of. So , 
we are looking at even though this also alludes to the question which both I think the questions which came 
prior to right what are the nearest geographies. Let me go ahead and answer that right. 
 
There is Southeast Asia outside of China, and then there is Middle East, right, Middle East is getting when 
I say Middle East, only restricting to areas of UAE, Saudi, Oman with those countries right not going into 
North Africa, those are getting very interesting and all of you are again tracking. There's a lot of localization, 
lot of manufacturing investments that are getting interesting now. Yes, Vietnam is continuing to be very, 
very attractive because of the volume of production, which is going into Vie tnam, Thailand is again very 
slow.  
 
You're asked about form to do. Yes, there are product lines where we are competitive and that's why those 
product lines we do well in India too, okay, Now we are a small way. I don't know whether there are 
categories where we are very strong when it comes to, let's say, our Eco green tool and cutter grinders, 
which is what we export to China. And that's a category where we have a reasonably strong hold position 
in India too. And there we only compete with global brands. There are other categories which are very large, 
which just streamlining and entering into those categories. 
 
OK, so I can't give you a market share percentage, just that we are we are a very small tip of the iceberg 
when it comes to the market. 
 
 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 12 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 12 of 42 
 
 
Harshit Patel    
 
Understood. So, second question is on our imports. I think our imports are very significant. So, if I go by the 
numbers of FY23 out of the total raw material cost of close to 600 crore last year we have imported close to 
470 crores. So could you throw some light on this as to whether these are only basic raw material imports 
like tungsten carbide, co balt, etc. or a substantial part ies also towards finished goods. What I'm trying to 
understand is that what the proportion of our manufacturing, at least the end products are basically localized 
in India. 
 
 Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
I would ask my CFO to answer portion of the question and whatever gaps, I will come on. 
 
Suresh Reddy K V   
 
Harshit, this includes import of finished goods. We don't have all the finished goods manufactured locally 
because there are some high-end products which requires a different type of equipment which is not worth 
investing for. The size of volumes that we will have locally here. So, it is much beneficial for the local entity 
to import and sell in the domestic market. So large chunk, is there still we do have most of close to around 
40-50 or close to 50% you can say, we will be importing from global locations and materials. Tungsten 
Carbide oxides are also getting imported, so that's completely coming in from outside. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
Yeah. So actually, I'll just add a little more color to what Suresh mentioned. Obviously, Tungsten we import 
ok, then we do imports about the finished goods. When you look at, let me split this a little clearer when it 
comes to machines, there are some critical components which has to be imported. There are no capabilities 
in the country and that's applicable to any machine built in the country. It's just not us but finished product. 
Everything is built here, ok? When it comes to hard metals, there is probably, I would say. 
 
Suresh Reddy K V   
 
Overall, approximately can they give 50% including everything put together on totality and import. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
So, because if you take a finished goods plus raw material and all that, half of it would be imported significant 
portion is the raw material because everything is made of tungsten and that we import. Yeah. So, and also 
answer the question which you're not answering because that question will come from somebody else. But 
locally, utilization has been increasing over time. OK, I’ll put it that way. 
 
Harshit Patel   
 
Understood. 
Thank you very much for answering my questions. 
I'll get back in back. 
===== [PAGE 13 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 13 of 42 
 
 
Aditya Jain    
 
Mr. Bhavin Vithlani from Sebi Mutual fund is next. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
Good morning gentlemen and nice to see you back. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan     
 
But you're on mute, your voice is very feeble. 
No, we can't hear you, Bhavin. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
 
Uh, am I audible now? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
How are you doing? 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
 
Very well thank you. 
Hope you're doing good as well. 
 
So, the first question is if you could just help us understand there was this confusion in the AGM which I 
took forward. There is a large manufacturing facility which has come up in Vietnam for the parent and India 
and Vietnam are kind of competing for the ex ports market. Both of these facilities and that's one of the 
reasons why our exports have suffered. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
I am about and I don't think we've ever made that commentary, so I'll let me let me answer that question 
anyway we don't compete, the reduction in what you see in exports, there are two sides to exports.  
One of the machines which are impacted from China on the hard metal side, most of our exports are in two 
either Europe or the US and the market softness is what resulted us having a decline in our export volume.  
And this is again, you know what happened over the last 12 months, especially in , the especial ly the 
developed economies, right, inflation, flatness in the GDP growth and all that. Now the just to answer your 
question because Vietnam is out of scope, right? Because this is Kennametal India Limited discussion, but 
all I can say is that does that no impact on what you see as Kennametal India results, OK? 
 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 14 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 14 of 42 
 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
    
OK, fair. With the second question, if just go a little bit deeper on the end market spaces. So, electronics is 
a segment which is making headlines every day and the one of the listed companies which is which also 
happens to be a customer has got significant order flows from the electronics market. If you could just help 
us understand a bit while we understand that Kennametal India currently does not have the product portfolio 
to cater to, but the parent does, if this market becomes large enough, is there a possibility that we could get 
the products which are for the electronic segment which can benefit the Indian entity? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yeah. So about and today you are right, you are understanding is right, we today don't play in the electronics 
while it's emerging as a very, very large or the fast and large fast growing large opportunity. Today we don't 
play in that space and it's the el ectronics is either all in or you don't step in, right? It's very different from 
other sectors. What we play in today, but it's going to get very interesting because the electronics 
consumption of micro drills, what we call it's a tungsten carbide tooling, it's micro drills, it's significant volume 
because anything in electronics, especially when you're talking about tablets and mobile handheld devices 
on the site today we don't play, we are still evaluating it as what I can say because I can't confirm tha t 
because it's something which is still not something we have clear and I can't make a forward looking on that. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani   
 
That's just a follow up on this. Is there technology within the group that if at all we take a decision that 
technology will not be a barrier? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
See, it's going to be yes or no answer. I’ll tell you why. The drills which are used in electronics go from a 
particular size to a particular size. OK, let's say I'm not going to give you the actual size. Let's say it goes 
from 10-1 right. Today probably w e can make, let's say from 10 -5 OK, right. 5 -1 we may not be able to 
because we overtime it's not. How do I put it, theoretically its possible, right? But we have not played in that 
space. It's at the end of the day, it's around 2 long tungsten carbide. It's not a different material. But we have 
stayed out of it, right? So that's how I put it. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
The second thing is, I mean this is the question that we've been kind of checking across historically our end 
market break up in terms of automotive used to be very significant. If my memory serves me right, it was 
about 65%. In the AGM you mentioned that the other sectors which were dead for the last decade have now 
come back with vengeance. So, what is it that we are now seeing as an end market breakup for automotive 
and what's the kind of non -auto if you could give us little flavor on the non -auto side, which sectors have 
grown, what's the kind of auto to break up for us? 
 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 15 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 15 of 42 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
And I won't be able to give you exact percentages. Like, again what I have communicated in the past are 
auto dependence. Probably now is probably less than 50% from what it used to be. It's not that it has not 
grown, ok? It's not that that has declined, ends the percentage, but the other sectors have grown faster. 
Obviously, I'm keeping construction equipment industry outside of automotive because that doesn' t come 
under the definition of automotive and that has been doing well as all of you know, energy sector is doing 
well. Mostly energy is component which goes into a wind. Some of it is conventional, but mostly its rail is 
doing well, defense is doing well. You know, Aero is doing well and obviously the sector, which is doing the 
best, we are not participating yet, that's the electronics. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
 
So, I mean in the exports this is something that we had also kind of discussed that China is now going 
through a tough time. We don't know when its pickups, but if you could just help us understand in terms of 
we initiatives that we would have taken to develop new market view did speak about the Middle East as a 
market, but if you could speak about the initiatives that we have taken in terms of self -help. So, whenever 
China recovers, they recover, but we should be able to kind of start growing from your own. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Bhavin again, I'm going to be a little brief on this because I can't get into details till, we are done with it. 
Right. So obviously we have done market assessments in certain geographies. We have done what 
products fit, so usually the assessment work is completed, and we have prioritized some of the areas where 
we can look  at and each market is going to be different because what product fits that market is slightly 
different based on the industry. What is there, right. Because when the moment you look at Saudi and UAE, 
it's going to be online yes, another party, the type of  machines which go into that. And so that gets 
interesting. And whereas when you look at Thailand  and Indonesia, Sorry, its Thailand and Vietnam, it's 
going to be very traditional sectors, which mirrors India. It's auto tiers. Vietnam also has electronics, but it's 
predominantly going to be auto tier and again all this is restricted to the machines, not the hard metals, hard 
metals predominantly. It's either sales in India or its exports to intercompany. We don't do a direct export 
when it comes to hard metals. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani    
 
Understood. Similarly, could you also talk about initiatives for India in terms of enhancing our sales 
strength, enhancing our distribution, so that the time to? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
I can give you that yes, that I can be a little more detailed. So, because that's definitely in the public domain. 
So, what we've done is we have launched a series of customer touch points or other. I would say we have 
amplified significantly probably 5X to 6X in terms of our outreach programs in India. 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 16 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 16 of 42 
 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
About 6X. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
So, we have started a sequence of what we call technology days in all the prime markets of the country, 
and we have been running that beat plan. Probably we have probably six months into it where we have 
large customer events. Let's take for example. Chennai is a large market. Pune is a large market. NCR is a 
large market and obviously there are many other markets, right you can, you can start picking then you get 
into Ahmedabad, you get into Pune, Nashik, and all that. So, we are doing something we have n ot done, 
probably more than a decade, right? So , our team goes, we explain all the new products. It's a mostly a 
technology discussion. It's not about selling a product, right? We gather all our decision makers from our 
customers who come in and we do this both for the hard metal side and we also doing for the machines, 
OK, that’s. Two we have amplified a digital outreach, digital campaigns and what we do in terms of demand 
Gen campaigns. Again, this is specific for India that has been amplified quite a bit. A trade show participation 
has increased again, so we are investing a lot in the front end, mostly on the demand Gen activity to generate 
more leads. Because the most vibrant market is here at this point in time. So, we have been amplifying that 
significantly the front end, that's what is our effort to increase our sales Pipe. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
Correct. So for us, I mean, so the notion that I carry is our products have great level of stickiness and 
resistance to change because it's easier said that, done for you to change from A brand to the B brand and 
do are you actually seeing that sand wick comes a lot embedded in fitted with the CNC machine that the 
customer buys and then for you to and get entry because it becomes a little difficult. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yes, it does. 
It does, yes. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
So, are you seeing an increased attraction, increase acceptance in terms of brand switching from Sandvik 
to you know? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yeah, but now I won't get into specifics of competition brand names, but I just want to give a data that when 
you're talking about machines which comes with the tooled up and they say when OEM buys is less than 
5%, right, most visions, most of the machines comes bare machines, right? So, what happens is the more 
Capex happens more what we call projects that coming up from customers. So, prove out happens when 
they're after the machine lands, it doesn't come with the tools, right? Because we also participat e in that 
market with all the OEMs, we try to tool the best way for anybody. But most of the customer behavior is 
traditionally they buy a bad machine and ask the tooling supplier to come and throughout the machine, along 
===== [PAGE 17 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 17 of 42 
 
 
with the tools which needs to go for the particular process. Now what happens is that is a stage when you 
have to be quite connected with the customer, right? The initial first run off the machine, and that's where 
our teams are very well connected because  we have a huge network, a large, very large sales team and 
more than 225 distributors will cover. Actually, we cover every industrial marker which is available. So, and 
we reach out to customers. So, we have a very robust project tracking when it comes to new projects in the 
country. And once you're there after that, stickiness happens, right? You're right about this product. There's 
a very it's good for the business. Let me put in that. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani    
 
And could you talk about competitive landscape because when we speak. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Bhavin, this has to be your last question because there are some 30 people on the call, OK? 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
 
Okay, so I have two questions. So, one is this, on the competitive landscape, because we hear Sandvik and 
others have also doubled the capacity and last is, what's the kind of capex outlay that you have for the next 
two to three years slightly longer-term basis? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
First one, again, don't want to comment on competition because but we have been, we are adequately, I 
would say we have kind of adequacy of capacity to cater to the demand and like every time we honor for 
whenever we meet weekly, communicating that every time there's an increased demand, we because today 
we have the real estate space, right. We have expanded the plan in the last three years and there is enough 
footprint available. It's modular from now on for us as we keep seeing the volume entry, we just add 
machines. That's all we do. We don't need like, a massive new building required because we have enough 
space available to keep adding modular for all the product lines. That's what we created. So , we have just 
a plug-in play now, just get the machines and plugged in to increase the capacity. So that you wanted to 
comment on the CapEx. 
 
Suresh Reddy K V 
 
No, no, absolutely. You covered Vijay, so that is the stage where we are now, and we don't see as of now 
any new or a major capex that is required which we have already invested. Now it's only going to be modular 
depending on the capacities that we would require. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
And it's a very, that way more efficient, right? 
You build the real estate once there is floor space available. 
All you need is you just keep adding the blocks as a volume grows up. 
 
===== [PAGE 18 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 18 of 42 
 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
 
Sure great. 
Thank you so much. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
Yeah. 
Thanks Bhavin. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
Thank you so much. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
We need to go to the others. 
Yeah. 
 
Aditya Jain  
OK. 
Next is Mr. Chintan Modi from Haitong securities. 
 
Chintan Modi  
 
Yeah, sir. So, thank you very much. So, first question is from the perspective of competitive intensity, now 
we follow a model wherein Kennametal branded products are imported, and we make Widia in India and we 
do exports as well. But the positioning of both the brands is different and when we look at more from a 
competition, say Sandvik or IMC, the brands which are positioned against these, our brands, Kennametal 
and Widia, do they have similar kind of a model and say for example, Kennametal is imported but a brand 
by Sandvik is positioned agai nst Kennametal, is manufactured in India, does that change the competitive 
landscape significantly in terms of pricing for us? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Chintan first is again, I'm going to avoid answering because this is a this is something which is going to be 
uploaded, right? So, I'm going to stop not use any of the brand competitive brands here. So let me tell you 
there is a correction in your understanding. Bangalore plant makes both Kennametal brand and Widia brand, 
and we import both Kennametal brand and Widia brand based on what so the ratio of what we make would 
be different between Kennametal brand and Widia brand out here in Bangalore plant, but  we make both. I 
just want to be clear to everybody that it's not Kennametal. We import everything. We still make a significant 
portion of Kennametal branded products out here, so that way we are positioned well. The products what 
we import usually are the higher end differentiated, whether volumes are still small right for example, when 
you when you supply something to an aerospace component, there could be 250 studs which is required to 
make that component and each would be anywhere between let's say somebody wants 50 inserts, 2 drills, 
right? So, what happens is that the suboptimal to make those and there are plans which make the same 
===== [PAGE 19 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 19 of 42 
 
 
drills in volume, right? And this is applicable both to Kennametal brand and Widia brand. Okay. I just want 
to clarify that hence we import that right when the volumes are very low, higher volume, steady market 
applications, we make it, your, both for Kennametal and Widia and both are portion extremely well as a from 
a price value standpoint, OK. It's not about just price, price, value standpoint. So, Chintan, honestly, that's 
not something which I would be concerned because we have been also what about vol umes have been 
picked up and with the support of Kennametal parent, we have been consistently localizing what is required. 
On both the brands. OK, so I just want to give the clarification. 
 
Chintan Modi   
 
Got it. Secondly is with respect to the royalty agreement renewal that you recently announced. One is if you 
can share what is the percentage that you pay as per the new renewal of that agreement. And there is also 
some talk about the Worldwide License if you can highlight a little bit about this and what else is there a 
major change compared to the previous agreement? 
 
Suresh Reddy V K 
 
OK, so first thing is on the percentage. We were earlier at 4.75%, in the new agreement, which is effective 
from 1st of April, it would be 4%. The worldwide is just that we have renewed the contract. So, we want to 
keep it wide open if there is a requirement anywhere in the world by the group, and if you are able to 
manufacture, we would like to manufacture and supply to them. So, it is more to keep it open, not to have a 
restrictive arrangement there on the licensing part. And in terms of technology, there  is a constant review 
on technologies which as per our R & D team which can enhance the performance of tools that technologies 
will keep getting transferred to our manufacturing facilities here and hence this will cover all the technologies 
which would eventually get transferred. So that's going to be an updated run because the old one was long 
back updated. This is a refreshed one so that every year we keep updating it with new technologies which 
keep coming up, which would keep our product profile. Local product portfolios are also updated and 
relevant to the market. 
 
Chintan Modi 
 
Sure. Third, question is with respect to the tungsten prices, I was just referring to some prices on Bloomberg. 
I think there has been a fall of about 8 to 9% over the year. Generally, how do we react and how does the 
competition react to such a price fall? And do you believe that  considering there is a global slowdown and 
as per my understanding, large part of the tungsten is also goes into cutting tools. So , because of the 
slowdown, whether there will be a further fall in the prices. 
 
Suresh Reddy K V   
 
So, I mean, it has been at the pricing prices have dropped down over a period now it's not just immediately 
in the last 2-3 months, but over a past I can say 6-7 months, it has been a dropping and then stabilized over 
a period now. So, we don't see an imme diate trend of this falling further because what we do is we keep 
every month or tracker from the corporate as well as locally and keep monitoring the prices. Of course, as 
we would have been communicating to you in all our AGM’s as well as other interactions wherever possible, 
when there is a price escalation, we do revise our pricing to ensure that we mitigate some of the rise in 
prices in the same way is whenever there is a price drop, the customers do come back to ask for a price 
===== [PAGE 20 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 20 of 42 
 
 
reductions or whenever most of our business is also on special products. When we offer the pricing itself, it 
would cover up with the newer prices that we are importing on. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Just to also see, it's so transparent, right, every, that's not all of us who make products which are coming 
out of tungsten. All are customers also track the prices, so it's a very transparent system, right? It's not 
that one will edge out the other because everybody buys at the same price. 
 
Chintan Modi 
 
Yeah. So, my question was more from the perspective that since the n, do we pass this on through some 
discount scheme or is it the pricing change that we have to? I mean the pricing cuts that we have. 
 
Suresh Reddy K V 
 
So, it would, it would be an arrangement, see if some of them, not all products are standard products for us. 
Ok, so wherever it is, the standard also customers may come up and ask for additional discounts. So, they 
may come up because it would be competitive. Competitors will be offering them discounts, so hence we 
have to be relevant to the customers and hence we may also have to offer discounts. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
Yeah, but just to answer that another way, Chintan, we don't make a list price change, OK? 
 
Chintan Modi  
 
Sure. Secondly, we recently in the last AGM you mentioned that we have launched a vertical machine on 
the machine side and there will be , you will be also launching a horizontal machine.  
Now how does that change our TAM in the overall market of the machines business in India? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yeah. So, I'll give you an estimate because again, we don't have clear data. The TAM would be increased 
by another. Let me translate. I have my figures in dollars or millions, so let me translate, OK. Probably 
another anywhere between 1200 to 1500 crores. 
 
Chintan Modi  
 
So, by 1200 to 1500 crore, your TAM will increase. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
TAM will increase, yes. 
 
 
===== [PAGE 21 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 21 of 42 
 
 
Chintan Modi  
 
And overall market size, we are expected is about a $1 billion today in the country. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
Addressable, right, because the machines you're talking about machines are already at 20,000 crores. 
 
Chintan Modi  
 
OK, got it. 
thanks a lot. 
That's it from my end. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
Thank you, 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
Mr. Neeraj Prakash from White Oak Capital. 
 
Neeraj Prakash    
 
Hi sir, am I audible? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yeah Neeraj, go ahead. 
 
Neeraj Prakash    
 
Yeah, thank you for taking my question. Just wanted to understand in terms of the competition, how are the 
imports in cutting tools because we have been hearing from some other consumable players that there has 
been a rise in imports again post COVID. So, are we seeing an increase in density of imports in cutt ing 
tools? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Neeraj Honestly, I don't want to comment, but I guess which industry you're talking about. But again, this is 
a recorded meeting. I know where, because I've also seen that news. We did see in once one of our 
portfolios intensity increase which probably wou ld be like 1.5% of our revenue top line where we saw a 
significant increase in competent intensity because of products being pushed from one country into India. 
But broadly, if I take especially on the arbitral side, we haven't seen any change in the competitive intensity 
because for one reason, right, the tungsten carbide pricing, it's a very consistent and we can track since the 
raw material is where the play can come significantly. And then it obviously are talking about operational 
===== [PAGE 22 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 22 of 42 
 
 
efficiencies, your plant, over it's how well you do your operations, but otherwise I won't say that because of 
any of the changing global landscape, but 90 to 95% of our product lines have not seen an impact, OK, on 
competitive intensity, 5% is what I would say we did see a very unlikely shift in terms of competitive intensity 
where the prices were really, really low coming from an imported, coming out of the country into India. So, 
I would say 5%. 
 
Neeraj Prakash    
 
Sure. Understood. And so, you mentioned that generally the products are quite sticky with the customer just 
trying to understand, what is the customer decision making criteria and who is the decision maker you know 
is it done at a corporate level for your customers is done at a plant level? And how many vendors on average 
would your customers use and what would our relative wallet share be if let's say there are two players are 
send someone else with our key customers. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
    
Yeah Neeraj, So the first is the decision -making process, right? The user is the primary decision maker. 
When you say user, it's the engineering or operations team in a plant. So, let's say there is a large 
manufacturing company which has 200 machines. There are usually two or three departments which get 
involved in terms of selection of the product. I'm talking about selection of product, not the pricing at this 
point, right? It is the manufacturing hit under them. It will be the line supervisor people who operate on the 
machines. Two is the NPD teams in terms of how the whole product is because you have to make sure that 
once the product works right, when your, machining the desired outcome is required when you machine it. 
So, they are the primary decision makers when it comes to technical side of the product selection. If it's a 
new project, then the engineering team and to some extent the OEM who installs the machine comes into 
play, but still the predominant technical decisi on making isn't the operation side of the company, which is 
the manufacturing team of the plant in a customer, then comes obviously purchase team when it comes to 
the price. You know, if it's a technical product, obviously the technical side of selection is much higher. But 
if the standard product, then you have to be competitive, provided that the shop floor team only wants your 
brand right when you said whether two players, usually it's not two players in a plant, you usually you will 
experience four to five brands in a shop floor because not one, there's no one player who can supply all the 
different products which are required when it comes to machining. There are different forms, and some are 
good right. So usually, you'll find 4 to 5 brands. Share of the wallet depending on that particular customer 
and application can range anywhere from 5 to 40%. And it's applicable to any of the large five players. So 
that's the range. Or it could be even 100%. 
 
Neeraj Prakash    
 
OK. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
I'm not saying you can't be, but there are customers where you could be a 90% plus because, technically 
you're a particular brand is a superior, more superior and that's the well accepted for that application. Then 
it could be even a 90%, but usual to see is let's say 10 to 40% when there are four to five players. 
===== [PAGE 23 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 23 of 42 
 
 
Neeraj Prakash    
 
OK, well understood. So secondly, just wanting to understand, In the global team of Kennametal's 
operations, how important is the India entity and if you can elaborate a bit on the relationship that we have 
with the parent in terms of how much decision making is done at the In dia entity level versus the directive 
from the parent and what are the key KPI for the top management in India? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
See India is a priority for Kennametal and that's why we are a region. We report directly into the US, which 
clearly states the importance of what is given into, so the way Kennametal global is structured, we have 
Americas, which it's the North and South America. We have EMEA, we have APAC without India and India 
is a region, right? And that clearly states the importance of what they give for India, and two is India, Indian 
team is quite empowered in terms of what we need to do in terms of making sure we cr eate shareholder 
value and say shareholder value 25% is minority, 75% is Kennametal, right. But both are at the end of the 
day shareholders. So, I think to that extent there is enough empowerment in terms of local decision making 
when it comes to what we need to do for the Indian market, and for delivering our results. Our KPS are 
obviously revenue top line growth, OK. So, the second PBT and EPS, those are the metrics. So, if you want 
to add anything. 
 
Neeraj Prakash    
 
Sure, No, I think. 
 
Venkatesan Vijaykrishnan  
 
So, those are the metrics and direction when it comes to the overall global strategy. and Neeraj just to say 
we have a very stable leadership team. It's not that we had a turnover or something, so we are a very, stable 
leadership team and I think there's a lot of continuity and hence Kennametal really leaves all those what we 
need to do out here with us, OK. 
 
Neeraj Prakash    
 
Look, just last question for me, Sir. Just trying to understand the genesis of the CNC machine business that 
we have, because it doesn't seem like we have the manufacturing outside of India and we're also exporting 
from India as well. So, if you can just elaborate a bit on what is the edge that we have in this business, that's 
the last question for me. Thank you. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
Like you know, there are certain , but again, I can't. I'm the only person I've always said it's competitive 
intelligence. We can't share what we exactly make an export and what we import, because that's something 
which is not available in the public domain. So can Kennametal globally decides based on the plant, both in 
terms of technology what we have and the cost position. There are global supply chain decisions which 
happens based on what needs to be done there, right? And I can't give any further details when it comes to 
===== [PAGE 24 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 24 of 42 
 
 
which specific product lines, we make an export and which specific product lines we import from a specific 
country. I would avoid that question and I hope you will understand the reasons for it. 
 
Neeraj Prakash    
 
Sure sir. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Thanks Neeraj. 
We keep moving on because there’s still a lot of people on the call. 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
Jainis from Spark Capital is next. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Jainis, please go ahead. 
 
Jainis Ketan Chheda   
 
Yeah, good morning. So , my question is I understand you cannot talk a lot on the competition, but with 
respect to Kennametal, what is the market share that you used to command, say 3 -4 years ago? What is 
the current market share that you have in the machine tools space and what is the market share that you 
aim to achieve in next three to four years at least that will give us some bit of understanding on where and 
how we are going and what is the strategy to increase the market share that you are focusing on? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
That's a question I can't answer for sure. And this is a question we have not answered for years now, right? 
Because it's not available in the syndicated database and it also gives out a lot of forward -looking 
statements. So I'll just give you a little bit that we did improve our market share by probably 250 to 300 basis 
points in the last three years and we would continue to strive because obviously when you categorize the 
market, especially in the hard metal there are only three large groups which play in the market and all of us 
try to get the best for the customer. Our aspiration, as I've stated, is to be at 1.2 to 1.3. It’s the market growth 
and that is what we have been focusing on when it comes to the hard metal side on the MSG side, which is 
a machine, there we can't talk about percentages or anything because we are a small player. All there is 
about how do you increase your presence in terms of product lines and also customers. So, I would leave 
it that Jainis, because there's a question we can't answer, OK. 
 
Jainis Ketan Chheda    
 
No, I completely understand that a bit of a guidance would have helped us. Anyways, coming to the margins, 
bit on the segmental basis? Yeah, under margin based on the segmental basis, what is the margin that you 
are looking for at a sustainable level due to the implement in the manufacturing process in the machine tool 
===== [PAGE 25 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 25 of 42 
 
 
space and of course in CNC machines will vary. We understand that, but on the machine tools consumable 
space, what is the sustainable margins that we are looking for or the aiming for? 
 
Suresh Reddy K V    
 
So, Jainis, on cutting tools, In the last year we have seen the Q3 -Q4 we had some amount of inventory 
corrections, and which impacted us. So, you can see an improvement there for the cutting tools business 
because if the leverage that comes through from th e volumes can easily give us at least 2% to 3% of a 
benefit there. On MSG, that's our machine business. It all depends upon the volume. It is heavily manpower 
intensive, the more we do, the more we get a leverage and depending upon the product that we manufacture 
as well as the end markets. So earlier we used to have China market where our margins were good, but 
now it is domestic market, and the margins are slightly lower than the China market. So again, here it varies 
between which market we play. So that again varies anywhere around 5% it can fluctuate. 
 
Jainis Ketan Chheda  
 
Understood. 
Thank you. 
I'll join the queue. 
 
Suresh Reddy K V 
 
Sure. 
Thanks so much. 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
Next is Ms. Ishpreet Batra from the office of Mr. Jatinder Agarwal is next in the line. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
If the person is not there let’s proceed to the next person. 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
We can go to ICICI prudential mutual fund who is next. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
There is Harshit Patel whose hand’s is up. 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
Next, we can go to Mahindra, Manulife Mutual fund if ICICI is not available. 
 
 
===== [PAGE 26 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 26 of 42 
 
 
Suresh Reddy K V 
 
I think by now most of the questions are answered because it was all very detailed. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
In fact, yeah, I've given a lot of detailed answers. Let’s go with hands if nobody is answering. 
 
RENJITH SIVARAM    
 
Yeah. 
 
I am Renjith. Just one small query I think and like you said, the fact that in the Asia Pacific market in 
Kennametal. So , will India be one major geography? So apart from India, is there any other major 
competitions for us in the Asia pack where they will be also striving to get some attention from the parent 
and is there any major market for the Kennametal US apart from India in Asia. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Renjith, I'll answer your question but saying there's nothing called trying wave for attention because it's 
driven by the market opportunities and growth opportunities. Historically China has been a major geography 
for Kennametal and so India, right? So th ose are the two large when it comes to APAC and again, it's the 
same for everybody, because China being a second largest economy and India being a very fast growing. 
While we are fifth largest, but we are extremely fast growing. So those are the two, ther e's nothing called 
waving for attention. I won't put it that way, so because we get what we need to get. I don't think there is 
that extent we should worry about that. 
 
RENJITH SIVARAM    
 
And the reason for asking is that for every other U.S. Company like Cummins or Caterpillar or all these 
companies, we feel that we generally data shows they are in China which is more competitive in terms of 
costing. So, that is the reason why some of the products parent company might want or like to have a 
production facility. Yeah, but for given this, the scale is the major determinant for products like you. So , in 
that context that he said something like the parent also will look everything together in terms of their own 
global margins and market share. So is that some reason that for some of these portfolios like parents will 
still prefer to be manufactured in a Chinese entity where the cost competitiveness is much better and then 
subsequently it can be shipped to India. So, is that something which was there, and which is changing now, 
or you are seeing that this is still continuing? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Renjith, I don't want to comment on the other two. Probably let's not get into the other two brands which you 
mentioned because both of them are our customers. This industry is slightly different. First, let me start with 
that. As all you know, most of our products, what we tried to import and again I think we publish where we 
import from right, It's going to be predominantly from USA or Germany. It's not coming from China for us 
and that's not driven by cost, its driven by technology. So, we are different from what he just described as 
===== [PAGE 27 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 27 of 42 
 
 
scenario for us it's very different and from a cost competitive standpoint where I don't want to compare, we 
are very well positioned in Bangalore, India is very well pushed. 
 
Suresh K Reddy 
 
Generally, our capacities globally also are invested for the market. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
So, it's not only we only invest for in country , for in county in all cases, unless there is a technology line 
which we will say that, OK, that would be one or two plans which will supply for the globe. But I can tell you, 
Renjith, that's not the scenario for us. 
 
RENJITH SIVARAM    
 
OK. And Sir lastly, one thing like aerospace and the difference is one area in India which is where we are 
expecting a huge growth in terms of the manufacturing outlay which HAL and all the other data advanced 
systems is talking about. So, in that generally when we talk to these companies, they are government 
Companies which has already have some market share leadership resting with some other Korean or some 
entity. That's what we were made to be. So, there we able to make some inroads into this segment because 
that is one large price which is expected to grow in a huge way. That is one and another thing which we are 
seeing a huge growth is a CNC machines where Apple has put up a plant and they are now placed an order 
with one Indian company and likewise the huge requirement for Apple related CNC machine will come. So, 
are we also one of the suppliers of machine tool for such kind of solution? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yeah, Renjith So two things. One, when it comes to Aero’s, I think we are well positioned, and I've been 
repeating this commentary for quite some time because of our solutions. What we offer for the component 
machining, so that's a good space difference. Again, relatively we have a lot of solutions which go into 
defense irrespective whether it's a public sector unit or a private player. So, those are all growth segments. 
what we continue to focus. So, now electronics, it’s not a product which we have in our stable. So, we don't 
participate in the CapEx cycle of their electronics manufacturing today. I hope that answers I'm going to now 
move on because a lot of people who are waiting to ask. 
 
Aditya Jain  
 
Ishpreet Batra from the Office of the Jatinder Agarwal.  
 
Ishpreet Batra    
 
Hello. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan    
 
Yes, go ahead. 
===== [PAGE 28 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 28 of 42 
 
 
Ishpreet Batra    
 
So, sorry I was unable to mute. Thank you for the call. Just one very basic question that we had is you know 
the CNC growth like you mentioned has been like upward of 40%. But when we look at the cutting tools 
growth in the last one year has not been as much and we've also gained market share. So just wanted to 
understand how is it that sales happen and where is the disconnect? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Let me talk about 40% plus just to qualify what we said that our domestic M SG machine sales group does 
not. The industry grew at probably 10% and 11%, and if you write so hard metals is also growing. But where 
we had impact on our exports because we combine export of hard metals into it and that had a significant 
headwind, we almost drop 15-16%. So that net growth rate was impacted. 
 
Ishpreet Batra    
  
Right. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
So, if you dissect the data, in domestic we doing well? 
But overall, when you do a segment report, the export part of the hard metals impacts. 
 
Ishpreet Batra   
 
So, ideally the CNC sales should reflect in the cutting tool sales growth. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan   
 
Yes and no, I'll tell you why. The CNC machine growth is driven by two parameters. One is Greenfield, 
which is absolutely capacity expansion on new projects which are coming in and replacement cycles. So, it 
depends on how much is replacement cycle. 
 
Ishpreet Batra   
  
Right. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
That means there's no capacity addition, hence there will be no increase in consumption of tooling. OK, so 
even if we split half and half, let's say 11-12% of growth, 6 to 7% growth is what we are seeing because of 
the new tool consumption and then the vol ume growth. So you will see a mid -single digit to a high single 
digit growth when it comes to the hard metal. 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 29 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 29 of 42 
 
 
Ishpreet Batra    
 
Got it. 
Understood. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yeah, very specific. 
That's about domestic. 
Our reporting includes exports, OK. 
 
Ishpreet Batra    
 
OK, sure. 
And the other was the VTL and the HTL machine that we are coming up with. What would be the pricing 
segment that we are targeting at for these machines? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Pricing would be a wide range of split. 
 
Ishpreet Batra    
 
Right. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
If, it’s one to hundred, we would be at 65th to 70th percentile, because we don't compete in value segment 
as a brand pushing for Widma. 65 to 70 percentiles. 
 
Ishpreet Batra    
 
Better. 65 to 70 percentiles right and the margins of this versus cutting tools would it be materially different? 
 
Suresh K Reddy    
 
Yeah. So, these are machines, it is always negotiated order to order. Competition would be intense and 
not like they're cutting tool. 
 
Ishpreet Batra   
 
OK. 
 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 30 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 30 of 42 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
  
Yeah, the hard metals will always, again, if we take segment report, hard metals will have a higher margin 
and it’s the industry nature. 
 
Ishpreet Batra    
 
Yeah, we get that and largely over the next 5 to 7 years could we see like a major change in terms of the 
share of hard metals machines and probably the other new segments that you said you were targeting, or 
would it buy in large something very similar? 
 
Venkatesan Vijaykrishnan  
 
See a hard metals in terms of market opportunity, machines will always be larger than the hard metals. 
That's a given , Ok. Because capital equipment sales would be and I'm going from the global market 
opportunity sizes, right, machines are always bigger. 
 
Ishpreet Batra   
 
Correct. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
  
But in terms of positioning for us, since we are a leading player in the hard metals.  
I'd given the tailwinds what Indian economy seeing, especially on the manufacturing side, hard models 
continue to have a robust growth.  I can't give you a percentage.  What we're looking at, will remain at a 
robust growth and it's good for us because that comes at a higher gross margin, relatively. 
 
Ishpreet Batra   
 
Correct, Sure. 
Thank you so much. 
 
Aditya Jain    
 
Thank you. 
Next to line is we have Mr. Sandeep Jain from Baroda BNP mutual fund. 
OK. 
And we can move to UTI mutual fund. 
Is there somebody from UTI mutual fund here? 
 
Karthikraj Lakshmanan   
 
Yes and no questions for myself. 
 
 
===== [PAGE 31 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 31 of 42 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
OK. 
Thank you. 
OK. 
 
Aditya Jain  
 
Next is ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. Any representative from ICICI fund? 
 
Saif Gujar 
 
Yeah. Hi, this is Saif from ICICI, so most of the questions are covered. Just one thing, when we look at the 
parent level presentations in their segments, they have metal cutting and infrastructure and then they also 
talk about ceramics. So just what is infra piece for them and what is ceramics division and does the Indian 
entity has any role in that division? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
  
Saif, we have slightly differently structured, we report 2 segments when it comes to Kennametal, India, the 
hard metals include what the parents says as metal cutting and infra is not what we define as the 
infrastructure market, OK. The reason for inference is we supply a lot of various distance solutions which 
goes into oil and gas industry, road construction, mining, foundation drilling. So hence we call it infra, but 
from a Kennametal India standpoint, our reporting of what parent says that metal cutting and infra is 
combined into hard metals because we also have another segment called machines which parent does not 
have. Two ceramics whi ch is not something which we handle in Kennametal India. It's a global business 
because it's very few large OEMs which are expected. So, that is not part of Kennametal India listed entity. 
We don't handle that at all, OK? 
 
Saif Gujar 
 
And just this machine division for us, where the parent includes that. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
They include that in the metal cutting. 
 
Saif Gujar 
 
OK. 
And this second one is , you explained how the contracts usually work, right?  The procurement team of a 
factory, etc. But what is usually the distribution model? Is it directly B2B contracts with the end customer or 
there is a piece which is through the distributors as well? 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 32 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 32 of 42 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
I'll split when it comes to our machines, it's all direct in domestic market. Export sales is through channel 
partner. Hard metals 85 to 87% of our sales is through a channel partner and 10 to 13% could be because 
the large automotive OEMs or large steel plans which are large energy companies which would prefer to 
deal with us. So, if you look at it, majority of our hard metals business and that is a significant portion of our 
top line comes through distribution channel and it's a very stable channel. It's not that we are looking , like 
expansion because it's technical selling. Hence what happens is you have to train the Salesforce and it's a 
significant presence also for us, right, we have a very large sales application team in hard metals in the 
country and the outreach which we do through our channel partners is 4 t imes of our sales force and we 
have one of the largest sales forces too. When it comes to add middles in the country, and so hence, we 
would prefer that model because of the large customer base which exists in the country. 
 
Saif Gujar 
 
Sure. Thanks. 
 
Aditya Jain    
 
No, there are three more entities. 
The next is the Tata Mutual Fund. 
Do we have somebody from Tata Mutual fund. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
We have only 15 minutes,  
 
Aditya Jain 
 
So, if nobody's there, we can move to Finvest advisors who are next. 
 
Venkatesan Vijaykrishnan  
 
OK, I don't hear anybody. 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
Next Alisha from Envision Capital. 
 
Alisha Mahawla    
 
Hi Sir, good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. Most questions have been answered just to 
bookkeeping questions. Is it possible to say what is the contribution from exports and each one for us? 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 33 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 33 of 42 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Hold on Alisha, what is the contribution of exports for each one? I think we declared it for Q1 and Q2. OK, 
Alisha, is there any other question? Because my CFO will check the numbers. What we publish and you will 
give it to you before, before we finish the call, any of the questions. 
 
Alisha Mahawla    
 
Just wanted to understand something that was being discussed earlier with that there is a manufacturing of 
presence in Vietnam also for the parent now, but we're saying we're not competing. Is it possible to 
understand what is the difference in products that they're doing versus we're doing and any chance of getting 
more of those kind of products from the parent to India? Why it can come to India just some qualitative color. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
OK, at least let me put it just to rest this issue with all of you. Let's say we are making a Kennametal India 
limited factory that say we are making fifty different product lines but what we make in our found in the other 
country is just one product line,  OK. It's specifically for a particular market which is being done. So I don't 
think we should be really concerned with this, OK. 
 
Alisha Mahawla    
 
OK, sure. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yeah. 
 
Alisha Mahawla   
 
Great. 
That was the only question I had. 
Thank you. 
If you can just shut the exports for that one would be helpful. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
Yeah, my CFO will give you exports and the tooling side, then we will be done. She wants percentage to 
the Top client. 
 
Suresh K Reddy 
 
OK, as a percentage to the top client it would be. 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 34 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 34 of 42 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
No, we published it. 
Ok, Alisha in between I'll take 15 minutes. 
Once the answer is ready, we will give it to you. 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
Next, we have a request from the Jatinder Agarwal 
 
Jatinder Agarwal    
 
Yeah, Am I audible. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yes. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal   
 
Perfect. 
So there’s one question, if you could talk on railways as a sector, how big is it for us and what do you see 
in that segment that will be good? 
 
Venkatesan Vijaykrishnan 
 
Yeah. Good question. Yeah. So, railways have been a very strong segment for us over the years, especially 
because we have been one of the first players or I would say one of the early players in the country. So, we 
have been working with all the public sector units for RCF and FWP all these customer s and the private 
sector quite well and our solutions are well positioned when it comes to railways. Obviously, railways next 
10 years look very good. We are happy about it and it's a good segment for us. That's how I'll put it. 
 
Suresh Reddy K V 
 
Alisha we are same around 16% overall for each one. 
 
Alisha Mahawla    
 
Thank you. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal    
 
So, just to continue this, sorry, but so just to continue my colleague’s question. So, we hear of machines 
that sell for like 30 -40 lakhs and there are some higher end machines that sell for like two to five CR and 
you earlier explained that you're in the 60-70 percentile. So, in which range? So, is it upwards of 3 1/2 or is 
it upwards of like 15 which is extremely high and low in terms of individual one machine? 
===== [PAGE 35 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 35 of 42 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
Yeah. 
So, the thing that it depends on the product line right when I said because see let's talk about a turning 
machine could be anywhere between 20,00,000 to a small turning machine is between let's say 20,00,000 
or 40,00,000 right. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal  
   
Right. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
We don't play in that machine. Small machining center can come between 25 and 40 lakhs. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal   
 
OK. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
We don't build any of those machines, right? 
We only operate in segments which are high end and specialized machines. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal   
 
Right 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
For example, turn cutter grinders, the lowest model could start from 90,00,000. The topmost model goes to 
two crores, right? 
 
Jatinder Agarwal    
 
OK. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
Are VTL's could start from let's say the smallest can be, let's say 50-60 lakhs. But we also make VTL’s and 
our strength operates between our own what we call 21.2 meter, 2.5 meter, 3.3 meter and 3.5 meters stroke. 
Those large ones can cost anywhere between 3 or 4 crores of machine. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal    
 
OK. 
===== [PAGE 36 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 36 of 42 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
So, we operate each segment we operate at the top when it comes to the machine capacity and the 
capability. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal    
 
Got it. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
When we look at the pricing and we compete with imports there we usually we don't compete with this 
because we have a particular spot in which Widma plays and we predominantly play Visa Via international 
competition. That's why it said that 65 to 75th percentile low price. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal   
 
Got it. 
And most of these machines are actually import substitutes as it. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yes, you're right. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal    
 
And because of the make in India, is it incrementally what you see as a bigger opportunity where you could 
play, is that true? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yes. we see, good customers are more interested if the same quality and performance can be given by 
machines made here, we do see a preference from our customers to buy from you. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal   
 
That is very helpful. 
So thank you. 
 
Aditya Jain  
 
Thank you. 
Next is Mr. Sandeep Jain from Baroda BNP. 
As he was not there earlier, he has requested again. Sandeep you can proceed. 
 
 
===== [PAGE 37 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 37 of 42 
 
 
Sandeep Jain    
 
Thank you for taking my question. Two questions from my side. 1st is in the energy, so we have exposure 
towards the coal energy also how we are looking at this segment right now or we are thinking that the you 
know kind of demand for our tools or kind of d emand or the machines are increasing in the next probably 
one year or two year and 2nd what is our outlook on the EV space that we are providing the EV solution and 
all these two sectors are these two are the my questions currently. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yeah, Sandeep, we don't have direct impact because of coal, because what we said is when we say energy, 
it is about, let's say, turbines. If it's a wind turbine or a regular thermal hydro turbines is where the 
components where machining happens. So irrespe ctive of what the mix is, we continue to as energy 
requirements increase in more manufacturing happens. We are very well pushed when comes to energy, 
so it doesn't impact us irrespective what coal because we don't go into a coal mine. And again, if you're 
tracking Kennametal, parent earnings all or any of the communications we have been communicating quite 
a bit when it comes to solutions. What we offer to EV, and we are very well positioned when it comes to EV 
components both globally and in India, and any component manufacturers today making a EV component. 
We are present, so it's just another component because there's nothing significant changes in terms of the 
machining process. Whatever. EV components are there, and we are there, OK? 
 
Sandeep Jain 
 
Are we increasing our market share in this component? 
What is the percentage of sales in that if you can disclose something on this? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
We can't say about market share, but EV still as a person is very small Sandeep. If you're also reading the 
latest news in terms of what is the penetration of EV's? See, let's understand the two wheel is always very 
low in terms of number of components to b e machined, right? The real play is passenger vehicles. 
Passenger vehicles, still majority, is either a hybrid or it is. Mostly it's IC and then hybrid, then electric. Right 
now, when you're talking about sales, the growth is very high. So, while we are positioned for a transmission 
or gearbox, we still will be supplying for an EV component, but it's still as a percentage is very, very, very 
small. 
 
Sandeep Jain 
 
OK. Thanks. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
I'm talking specific to passenger vehicles in India. 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 38 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 38 of 42 
 
 
Sandeep Jain 
 
Yeah. So, globally you are quite a decent in this kind of segment, if I remember correctly. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
Yes, we have been developing a lot of new solutions to cater to the to the EV segment. We are tracking 
the parent, and the same solution is bought to the country here. 
 
Sandeep Jain 
   
So, the technology and all these things, there is no such kind of issue in terms of the transferring the 
technology or something. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
No. 
 
Sandeep Jain 
 
OK, sure. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
I think it's a very smooth transition when it comes to all the technology transfers. 
 
Sandeep Jain 
 
OK. 
Thank you, Sir. 
That's it. 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
And do we have anybody from Tata Mutual Fund or Finvest advisors, these two entities left out. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Otherwise, we'll have to go back. 
We have only 8 minutes. 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
OK, Chintan, you are in the queue. You can post your question. 
 
 
===== [PAGE 39 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 39 of 42 
 
 
Chintan Modi  
 
So, thanks for the follow up. So, first question is can  you share for the first half, the growth in cutting tools 
for domestic as well as exports and similarly for machines domestic and exports. And second question will 
be with respect to where resistant solutions business, how much is that as a proportion of our sales and 
where does that stack up in terms of margins compared to other businesses? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yeah, Chintan, that's something which we will be and not be able to give because there is a specific reason 
why we group it as segments under Hard metals here are definition is only hard metals and that's the 
number, we will be able to give because of natu re of competition that becomes more granular to give 
between cutting tools in where the distance solution. So, it's combined as hard metals and that's the data 
we'll be able to give. But it's one data combined which we can give because it's public data we can share it 
later. And then if you don't mind, we'll circulate the data because anyways, the public information which we 
have know both the Q1 and Q2, we will share it with the team in terms of hard metals, domestic hard metals 
exports, MSG exports, and MSG domestic. So, we'll share the data. 
 
Chintan Modi  
 
Sure, Sir. And just last question based on some client feedback that I've got, are we in process of getting 
the company listed on NSE? 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
  
No, no. 
 
Chintan Modi  
 
OK. 
Sure, Sir. 
Thanks a lot. 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
Bhavin you are in the queue next. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity again. So, this is the way resistant which is the metal forming industry, is 
where we see Kennametal much stronger. Could you talk about it? What guides this chain and competitive 
benefits and 2nd, what's the kind of growth that we are seeing in this and are we seeing some confrontation 
cache? 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 40 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 40 of 42 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
See I'll give you a slightly higher view, because it's part of the hard metals. I know we report it differently 
than the parent right now. Some solution where it goes right? It goes, let's say, steel mills , it goes into die 
making. It goes into processing plants. These are segments which as you know, is all growing very fast in 
the country, right? And what is a common advantage is that there are not many people who make these 
products locally. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
OK. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
OK. And we have a fully end to end manufacturing capacity when it comes to these products in Bangalore. 
So that there’s positioning is very different. So, there is still most of the products we make out of Bangalore. 
So, it's of one of the two players who are there in the country. Unlike the other sides, it's definitely the smaller 
opportunity than the tooling, but it's a very interesting solution because we are competitively, we are very 
well pushed in that space. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
It isn't fair to say that given the lower competitive intensity and localize manufacturing, the margins relatively 
much better off than the inner middle brand, which is largely imported versus the way which is largely 
domestically manufactured. 
 
Suresh Reddy K V 
 
Yeah, but can you repeat that? 
We couldn't hear it clearly. 
Your audio was not clear about it. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani  
 
Yes. 
so are the margins in the way better because it is locally manufactured and lower competition versus the 
Kennametal inserts which are largely imported as we spoke about earlier in the call. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
I don't think we'll be able to give a margin spread because we are not declaring this information in the public 
domain. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
Just disclose higher or lower, no need of exact number but just the direction higher or lower. 
===== [PAGE 41 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 41 of 42 
 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
See, it's a mix because there are both groups which have multiple product lines, right? Whereas distance 
of multiple product lines, so is the tooling and both has high margin products and both as low margin. I'm 
afraid I won't be able to give the data because we are working in the interest of the investors. I also have to 
worry about competition and I'm talking about such data and it's not going to help both of us by me giving 
that information. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
I know it's this last , is for the Capex.  This is the question I'd asked.  Will it now be almost in line with the 
depreciation, which is the maintenance and the kind of CapEx we did?  What's the kind of incremental 
revenue that can support? 
 
Suresh Reddy K V 
 
Yes, you can say more or less, more or less. 
Again, depending upon yeah, at that point in time, what we may have to invest slightly, it can move maybe 
with five crores up and down. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
 
Understood, So, like what level of revenue that we need to think about a significant CapEx visit, will it be 2 
weeks of the current size or mean just to get directionally when should Capex start moving up? 
 
Suresh Reddy K V 
    
If the machine tools grows very fast, then we may need to have a relook at our investments. The mission 
business, because that requires space. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
Thank you. Understood 
 
Aditya Jain    
 
We just have two more minutes left and we have to conclude at 11. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani 
  
Yeah, that's it from my side. Thanks. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan  
 
We have a last request from Mr. Harshit. If we can wrap up in a minute saying so, Harshit. 
 
===== [PAGE 42 of 42] peer-concalls\KENNAMET-Concall_Mar_2024_Transcript.pdf =====
 
Page 42 of 42 
 
 
Harshit Patel    
 
Yes, thank you. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yeah. That's the last question we can take one question probably. 
 
Harshit Patel    
 
Thank you very much for the opportunity again, Sir. So my question is, are there any white spaces in our 
product portfolio maybe in terms of geographical coverage that we have in the country, maybe certain 
chemistries of machine tools, certain raw materials where we are not present, certain segment of the market, 
which is very price conscious that we don't operate into. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Yeah, I get your question. You don't need to finish. The answer is yes, for example, the question somebody 
asked about electronics, right. Electronics is a white space. It's when electronics speaks up in any country 
that turning requirements is significantly large and we have seen that in China. We have seen that in Taiwan 
we have seen that in Korea it's very large. So that's a white space chemistry, for example. there is something 
called Ceramic Tools. There something called PCG tools, which are all, part of the same machine process 
but different chemistries which finished the product. Right? So, there are white spaces, but if at all we are 
looking at those white spaces, we will obviously communicate to you different when we launch. I know 
there's a lot of interesting questions. I hope we were able to answer. We tried to answer most of it very 
honestly and transparent manner to make sure that you get information what you need. So, thanks a lot for 
the interest in Kennametal India, and thanks for spending the  time. It's 90 minutes, probably a long call. 
Thank you.  
 
And we are done on time. So, thanks a lot for today's conversation. 
 
Chintan Modi  
 
Thank you very much. 
 
Vijaykrishnan Venkatesan 
 
Thank you. 
 
Suresh Reddy K V 
 
Thank you. 
 
Aditya Jain 
 
Thank you. 
 
 
*****  