
===== [PAGE 1 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
Information Memorandum 
June 03, 2024 
 
FORBES PRECISION TOOLS AND MACHINE PARTS LIMITED 
(Our Company was incorporated on August 30, 2022 under the prov isions of the Companies Act, 2013 with the 
Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra in Mumbai. The Corporate Id entification Number (CIN) of the Company 
is U29256MH2022PLC389649.There has been no change in the name o f our Company since its incorporation. 
For further details about the Company, please see “ History and Certain Corporate Matters ” on page 67 of this 
Information Memorandum) 
Regd. Office: Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400 001 
Tel.: +91 22 6913 8900; Website: www.forbesprecision.co.in, 
 Contact Person: Ms. Rupa Khanna, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer;         
E-mail: investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in 
 
OUR PROMOTER & PROMOTER GROUP:  Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited and  
    Forbes Campbell Finance Limited 
 
INFORMATION MEMORANDUM FOR LISTING OF 5,15,94,464 EQUITY SHARES  OF FACE VALUE 
INR 10 EACH ISSUED BY FORBES PRECISION TOOLS AND MACHINE PARTS LIMITED (THE 
“COMPANY”) PURSUANT TO THE SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT (THE “SCHEME”) 
NO EQUITY SHARES ARE PROPOSED TO BE SOLD OR OFFERED PURSUANT TO THIS INFORMATION 
MEMORANDUM 
GENERAL RISKS
Investment in equity and equity related securities involve a degree of risk and investors should not invest any funds in the 
Equity Shares of the Company unless they can afford to take the  risk of losing their investment. Investors are advised to 
read the risk factors carefully before taking an investment dec ision in the Equity Shares of the Company. For taking an 
investment decision, investors must rely on their own examinati on of the Company including the risks involved. The 
securities have not been recommended or approved by the Securit ies and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) nor does 
SEBI guarantee the accuracy or adequacy of this document. Speci fic attention of investors is invited to the statement of 
‘Risk Factors’ given on page 9 of this document. 
COMPANY’S ABSOLUTE RESPONSIBILITY 
The Company, having made all reasonable inquiries, accepts resp onsibility for and confirms that this Information 
Memorandum contains all information with regard to the Company, which is material, and that the information contained 
in the Information Memorandum is true and correct in all materi al aspects and is not misleading in any material respect, 
that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and that there are no other facts, the omission of which 
make this Information Memorandum as a whole or any of such info rmation or the expression of any such opinions or 
intentions misleading in any material respect.
LISTING 
The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be listed on t he BSE Limited (“BSE”). The Company has submitted 
the Information Memorandum with BSE and the same has been made available on our Company’s website 
www.forbesprecision.co.in. The Information Memorandum will also  be available on the website of BSE at 
www.bseindia.com.  
REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER AGENT 
 
Link Intime India Private Limited 
Address: C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park L.B.S. Marg,  
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai-400 083, Maharashtra, India. 
Tel: +91 22 4918 6200; Fax: +91 22 4918 6195 
E-mail: shehnaz.billimoria@linkintime.co.in 
Website: www.linkintime.co.in  
SEBI Registration. No.: INR000004058 
Validity Period: Permanent 
Contact Person: Ms. Shehnaz Billimoria
 
 
  

===== [PAGE 2 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
Table of Contents 
 
DEFINITIONS, ABBREVIATIONS AND INDUSTRY RELATED TERMS ................................................ 1 
CURRENCY OF FINANCIAL PRESENTATION ........................................................................................... 3 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENT ............................................................................................................. 5 
INFORMATION MEMORANDUM SUMMARY ............................................................................................ 6 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 9 
SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................ 20 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 21 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE ................................................................................................................................... 24 
SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT ..................................................................................................................... 42 
STATEMENT OF POSSIBLE TAX BENEFITS ............................................................................................ 45 
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW .................................................................................................................................. 49 
OUR BUSINESS ................................................................................................................................................. 56 
KEY INDUSTRY REGULATIONS ................................................................................................................. 62 
HISTORY AND CERTAIN CORPORATE STRUCTURE ........................................................................... 67 
OUR MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................................................... 69 
OUR PROMOTERS AND PROMOTER GROUP ......................................................................................... 80 
GROUP COMPANIES ...................................................................................................................................... 83 
DIVIDEND POLICY ......................................................................................................................................... 85 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................................... 86 
STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTING RATIOS .................................................................................................. 87 
OUTSTANDING LITIGATIONS AND MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS .................................................. 88 
GOVERNMENT AND OTHER APPROVALS .............................................................................................. 97 
OTHER REGULATORY AND STATUTORY DISCLOSURES .................................................................. 99 
MAIN PROVISIONS OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION ............................................................... 103 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION ..................................................... 123 
DECLARATION .............................................................................................................................................. 124 
 
  
  
 
===== [PAGE 3 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
1  
DEFINITIONS, ABBREVIATIONS AND INDUSTRY RELATED TERMS 
 
This Information Memorandum uses certain definitions, abbrevi ations, and terms, which, unless the context otherwise 
indicates or implies, shall have the meanings ascribed to them herein, and references to any legislation, act, regulation, 
rule, guideline, policy, circular, notification or clarification will include any amendments or reenactments thereto, from 
time to time. 
 
Company related terms 
 
Term Description 
Articles / Articles of 
Association / AOA 
The Articles of Association of our Company, as amended from time to time  
The Board / our Board The Board of Directors of Forbes Precisio n Tools and Machine Parts Limited and its 
committees 
The Company /FPTL/ 
our Company / we / us / 
ou
r 
Unless the context otherwise requires, refers to, Forbes Precis ion Tools and Machine 
Parts Limited, a public limited company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company, Ms. Rupa Khanna. 
Directors / Our Directors The Di rector(s) of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited, unless otherwise 
specified 
Memorandum / 
Memorandum of 
Association / MOA 
The Memorandum of Association of our Company, as amended from time to time 
Registered Office / our 
Registered Office 
Registered Office of our Company situated at Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, 
Fort Mumbai – 400 001, Maharashtra
Statutory Auditors / 
Auditors  
The Statutory Auditors of our Company, M/s. Sharp & Tannan Asso ciates, Chartered 
Accountants 
 
Conventional and General Terms / Abbreviations 
 
Term Description 
AGM Annual General Meetin g
Applicable Laws Any statute, notification, by-laws, rules, regu lations, guidelines, common law, policy, 
code, directives, ordinance, schemes, notices, orders or instru ctions, laws enacted or 
issued or sanctioned by any appropriate authority in India incl uding any modifications 
or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force.
AS Accountin g Standards
BSE BSE Limite d 
CPC The Code of Civil Procedure, 1908
CIN Corporate Iden tification Number
CDSL Central Depositor y Services (India) Limited
Companies Act Companies Act, 2013, read with the rules, regulat ions, clarifications, and modifications 
thereunder, as amended from time to time
Depositories Act The Depositories Act, 1996, a s amended from time to time
Depository / Depositories A depository registered with SEBI und er the SEBI (Depositories and Participant) 
Regulations, 1996, as amended from time to time, in this case being NSDL and CDSL
Depository Participant / DP Depositor y Participant as defined under the Depositories Act 
EGM Extraordinar y General Meeting
EPS Earnin gs per Share
ESOP Emplo yees Stock Option Scheme
ESP Scheme Emplo yees Stock Purchase Scheme
===== [PAGE 4 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
2  
Term Description 
Financial Year / Fiscal Year 
/ FY 
Twelve months ending on March 31 of a particular year 
GoI Government of India
HUF Hindu Undivided Famil y
Ind-AS Indian Accountin g Standards 
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards issued by Inte rnational Accounting 
Standards Board (IASB)
Information Memorandum This document dated June 03, 2024 filed with BSE and referred to as the Information 
Memorandum
IT Act Income-tax Act, 1961
KMP Ke y Managerial Personnel
NSDL National Securities Depository Limited
PAN Permanent Account Numbe r
ROC Re gistrar of Companies, Maharashtra, Mumbai
RBI Reserve Bank of India
SCRA Securities Contracts (Re gulation) Act, 1956 as amended from time to time 
SCRR Securities Contracts (Regulations) Rules, 1957 as amended from time to time
SEBI The Securities and Exchan ge Board of India constituted under the SEBI Act
SEBI Act Securities and Exchan ge Board of India Act, 1992, as amended from time to time
SEBI ICDR Regulations Securities and Exchange Board of India (I ssue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time
SEBI LODR Regulations Securities and Exchange Board of India (L isting Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time 
SEBI Takeover 
Regulations 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition  o f  S h a r e s  a n d  
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended from time to time 
 
Scheme of Arrangement related terms 
 
Term Description 
Appointed Date April 01, 2023 
Demerged Company Forbes & Compan y Limited
Demerged Undertaking Means the Precision Tools business of the Demerged Company more particularly defined 
under Clause 1.7 of the Scheme
Effective Date / upon the 
Scheme becoming 
effective / effectiveness 
of the Scheme / upon the 
Scheme coming into 
effec
t 
March 01, 2024  
NCLT / Tribunal The National Compan y Law Tribunal, Mumbai
Record Date March 07, 2024
Resulting Company Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited
Scheme “Scheme of Arrangement” or “the Scheme” or “this Scheme”  m e a n s  t h i s  
Scheme of Arrangement in its present form including any modific ation(s) or amendments 
thereon, approved or imposed or directed by the SEBI and / or Hon’ble NCLT; 
SEBI Circulars SEBI Master Circu lar No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 issued 
by SEBI and as amended from time to time or any other circular(s) issued by SEBI applicable 
to a scheme of arrangement by Listed Entities and Relaxation under sub-rule (7) of rule 19 of 
the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended o r any other circulars issued 
by SEBI applicable to schemes of arrangement from time to time 
 
===== [PAGE 5 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
3  
 
CURRENCY OF FINANCIAL PRESENTATION 
 
 In the Information Memorandum, the terms “we”, “us”, “our”, the “Company”, “our Company”, “FPTL”, unless 
the context otherwise indicates or implies, refers to Forbes Pr ecision Tools and Machine Parts Limited. In the 
Information Memorandum, unless the context otherwise requires, all references to one gender also refers to 
another gender and the word “Lac / Lakh” means “one hundred thousand”, the word “million (mn)” means “ten 
lac / lakh”, the word “Crore” means “ten million” and the word “billion (bn)” means “one hundred crore”.  
 
 Throughout the Information Memorandum, unless otherwise stated,  all figures have been expressed in ` lakhs 
except the financial statements of our Company. Unless indicated otherwise, the financial data in the Information 
Memorandum is derived from our financial statements prepared in accordance with Ind-AS and included in the 
Information Memorandum. In the Information Memorandum, any disc repancies in any table between the total 
and the sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding off. 
 
 There may be some differences between Ind-AS and IFRS and / or US GAAP; accordingly, the degree to which 
the Ind-AS financial statements included in the Information Memorandum will provide meaningful information 
is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with  Indian accounting prac tice and Ind-AS. Any 
reliance by persons not familia r with Indian accounting practic es on the financial disclosures presented in the 
Information Memorandum should accordingly be limited. We have n ot attempted to explain those differences 
or quantify their impact on the financial data included herein,  and we urge you to consult your own advisors 
regarding such differences and their impact on our financial data. 
 
 For additional definitions used in the Information Memorandum, see the section “ Definitions, Abbreviations 
and Industry related terms” on page 1 of the Information Memorandum. In the section titled “Main Provisions 
of the Articles of Association” on page 103, defined terms have the meaning given to such terms in the Articles 
of Association of our Company. 
 
USE OF MARKET DATA 
 
 Unless stated otherwise, market data used throughout the Information Memorandum was obtained from internal 
Company reports and data, public  websites and industry publicat ions. Industry publication data and public 
website data generally state that the information contained the rein has been obtained from sources believed to 
be reliable, but that their accuracy and completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed, and their 
reliability cannot be assured. Although, we believe market data used in the Information Memorandum is reliable, 
it has not been independently verified. Similarly, internal Company reports and data, while believed by us to be 
reliable, have not been verified by any independent source. 
 
 In the Information Memorandum, the terms “we”, “us”, “our”, the “Company”, “our Company”, “FPTL”, unless 
the context otherwise indicates or implies, refers to Forbes Pr ecision Tools and Machine Parts Limited. In the 
Information Memorandum, unless the context otherwise requires, all references to one gender also refers to 
another gender and the word “Lac / Lakh” means “one hundred thousand”, the word “million (mn)” means “ten 
lac / lakh”, the word “Crore” means “ten million” and the word “billion (bn)” means “one hundred crore”.  
 
 Throughout the Information Memorandum, unless otherwise stated,  all figures have been expressed in ` lakhs 
except the financial statements of our Company. Unless indicated otherwise, the financial data in the Information 
Memorandum is derived from our financial statements prepared in accordance with Ind-AS and included in the 
Information Memorandum. In the Information Memorandum, any disc repancies in any table between the total 
and the sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding off. 
 
 There may be some differences between Ind-AS and IFRS and / or US GAAP; accordingly, the degree to which 
the Ind-AS financial statements included in the Information Memorandum will provide meaningful information 
is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with  Indian accounting prac tice and Ind-AS. Any 
reliance by persons not familia r with Indian accounting practic es on the financial disclosures presented in the 
===== [PAGE 6 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
4  
Information Memorandum should accordingly be limited. We have n ot attempted to explain those differences 
or quantify their impact on the financial data included herein,  and we urge you to consult your own advisors 
regarding such differences and their impact on our financial data. 
 
 For additional definitions used in the Information Memorandum, see the section “ Definitions, Abbreviations 
and Industry related terms” on page 1 of the Information Memorandum. In the section titled “Main Provisions 
of the Articles of Association” on page 103 of the Information Memorandum, defined terms have  the meaning 
given to such terms in the Articles of Association of our Company. 
 
USE OF MARKET DATA 
 
 Unless stated otherwise, market data used throughout the Information Memorandum was obtained from internal 
Company reports and data, public  websites and industry publicat ions. Industry publication data and public 
website data generally state that the information contained the rein has been obtained from sources believed to 
be reliable, but that their accuracy and completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed, and their 
reliability cannot be assured. Although, we believe market data used in the Information Memorandum is reliable, 
it has not been independently verified. Similarly, internal Company reports and data, while believed by us to be 
reliable, have not been verified by any independent source. 
 
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 7 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
5  
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENT 
 
We have included statements in the Information Memorandum which contain words or phrases such as “will”, “believe”, 
“expect”, “anticipate”, “estimate”, “intend”, “future”, “objective”, “goal”, “project”, “should” and similar expressions or 
variations of such expressions, that are “forward-looking statements”.  
 
All forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that could cause actual results 
to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant fo rward-looking statement. Important factors that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include but are not limited to: 
 
 General economic and business conditions in the markets in which we operate and in the local, regional and national 
economies; 
 Changes in laws and regulations relating to the industries in which we operate; 
 Increased competition in these industries; 
 Our ability to successfully impleme nt our growth strategy and e xpansion plans, and to successfully launch and 
implement various projects and business; 
 Challenges in meeting capital expenditure requirements; 
 Fluctuations in operating costs; 
 Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 
 Changes in technology;  
 Changes in political and social conditions in India or in count ries that we may enter, the monetary and interest rate 
policies of India and other countries, inflation, deflation, un anticipated turbulence in interest rates, equity prices or 
other rates or prices; 
 The performance of the financial markets in India and globally; and 
 Any adverse outcome in the legal proceedings in which we may be involved. 
 
For a further discussion of factors that could cause our actual  results to differ, please refer to the sections titled “ Risk 
Factors” and “Our Business” on pages 9 and 56, of the Information Memorandum, respectively. By their nature, certain 
market risk disclosures are only estimates and could be materia lly different from what occurs in the future. As a result, 
actual future gains or losses could materially differ from thos e that have been estimated. Neither we nor our Promoters 
or Directors or their affiliates have any obligation to update or otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances 
arising after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not 
come to fruition.  
 
  
===== [PAGE 8 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
6  
INFORMATION MEMORANDUM SUMMARY 
 
This section is a summary of specific disclosures included  in this Information Memorandum and is not exhaustive nor 
does it purport to contain a summary of all disclosures or details relevant to prospective investors. For additional 
information and further details with respect to any of the in formation summarized below, pl ease refer to the relevant 
sections of this Information Memorandum. 
 
This section contains the summary of following information: 
 
A. Primary Business of the Company 
 
Manufacturers, importers, exporters, buyers, sellers, traders, dealers, distributors, service providers of engineering 
and electrical products and services including taps, carbon and /or steel taps, drills, rotary burrs, tools, threading tools, 
grinding tools, measuring tools, hand tools, precision tools, tools of any kind, fixtures, dies, spare parts, accessories, 
fitting materials, designs, patterns, plants, apparatus, equipm ent’s, machinery, machine parts and to carry on such 
other activities as may be incidental or advantageously carried on with any of the above activities. 
 
B. Industry in which the Company operates 
 
The Company operates in the Manufacturing Sector and is a manuf acturer of precision tools, including taps, carbon 
and /or steel taps, drills, rotary burrs, threading tools, grinding tools, measuring tools, spring washers, hand tools and 
other machinery parts and spares.
 
 
C. Promoters of the Company 
 
The Promoter of our Co mpany are Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited and Forbes Campbell Finance 
Limited. For details, see the chapter titled “Our Promoters and Promoter Group” on page 80. 
 
D. Shareholding of the Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company as on the date of this document 
 
Name No. of shares held %age of holding 
Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited 3,74,37,172 72.56
Forbes Campbell Finance Limited 6,65,592 1.29
Total  3,81,02,764 73.85 
 
E. Summary of the financial information of the Company 
 
The following summary of financial and operating information is  derived from the audited financial statements of 
our Company for the year ended March 31, 2024 after taking effe ct of the Scheme as described in the Auditors 
Report of M/s. Sharp and Tannan Associates, Chartered Accountants in the section titled “Financial Statements” on 
page 86 of this Information Memorandum. 
(INR.in Lakh) 
Particulars         For the year ended 
            March 31, 2024 * 
For the year ended  
March 31, 2023 
Share Capital  5,159.45 5.00
Net Worth** 13,774.71 3.83
Revenue from Operations 22,849.66 -
Other income 105.94 -
Profit/ (Loss) before tax  3,983.03 (1.18)
Profit/ (Loss) after tax  2,971.11 (1.18)
EPS (in INR/share) *** 110.63 (2.35)
Total Borrowings **** 542.40 -
* The Appointed date and the effective date for the Scheme is A pril 01, 2023 and March 01, 2024 respectively and 
therefore the above audited financials for the year ended March  31, 2024 is not comparable vis-a-vis last financial 
year. The allotment of shares is done on March 13, 2024. EPS is calculated considering the allotment of shares. 
===== [PAGE 9 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
7  
** The above net worth has been computed as per section 2(57) of the Companies Act. 
*** As per the Scheme of Arrangement, FPTL issued and allotted four fully paid-up equity shares of INR 10/- each for 
every one fully paid-up equity s hare of INR 10/- each held by t he equity shareholders of the Demerged Company 
(FCL) as on the Record Date. The issuance and allotment of equity shares took place on 13th March 2024. The total 
number of issued and allotted equity shares is 5,15,94,464, whi ch has been diluted for a weighted average equity 
share of 26,85,739. As per IND AS 33, the weighted average of equity shares has been calculated from the acquisition 
date. Based on the above consideration, the EPS (earnings per s hare) is calculated to be INR 110.63 per share. 
However, if the appointed date, which is April 01, 2023, is considered as the acquisition date, then the EPS calculated 
is INR. 5.76 per share. 
**** Total Borrowings includes Long-term Borrowings and Short-term Borrowings. 
 
F. Auditor qualifications which have not been given effect to in the financial statements  
 
There have been no qualifications or adverse remarks by our Statutory Auditors in the audited financial statements. 
 
G. Summary table of outstanding litigations and a cross-reference to the section titled ‘Outstanding Litigations 
and Material Developments’  
 
The summary of the outstanding litigations is as under: 
 
Name of Entity 
 
Criminal 
Proceedings 
 
Tax 
Proceedings 
 
Statutory or 
Regulatory 
Proceedings 
 
Disciplinary 
actions by 
the SEBI or 
Stock 
Exchanges 
Material 
Civil 
Litigations 
 
Aggregate 
amount 
involved 
(Rs in Lakhs) 
Company    
By the Company 2 Nil Nil Nil Nil 10.71
Against the 
Company 
Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 
Directors    
By the Director Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
Against the 
Director 
Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 
Promoters    
By the Promoter 2 Nil Nil Nil 22 20,251.87
Against the 
Promoter 
4 18 Nil Nil 5 17,533.62 
Group 
Companies 
      
By the Group 
Companies 
Nil Nil Nil Nil 1       1,715.05 
Against the 
Group 
Companies 
2 Nil Nil Nil 4 5,760.68 
 
For details, refer to the section titled “ Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments ” on page 88 of the 
Information Memorandum. 
 
H. Summary table of contingent liabilities 
 
There is only one contingent liabilities in the financial state ments amounting to INR 16.81 lakhs pertaining to 
Employees Provident Fund Act, 1952 with respect to delay damages for the period April 01, 1996 to March 31, 2006. 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 10 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
8  
I. Summary of related party transactions since incorporation 
 
For details of related party transactions, refer to the section  titled “ Financial Statements ” on page 86 of the 
Information Memorandum. 
 
J. There has been no financing arrangement whereby the members of our Promoter Group, Directors of our 
Promoters, our directors, or any of their respective relatives have financed the purchase by any other person 
of securities of our Company during the six months preceding the date of this Information Memorandum. 
 
K. Weighted average price at which specified security was acquired by each of the promoters in the last one year  
 
Our Promoters and Promoter Group have not acquired any shares o f our Company during the last one year except 
the Equity Shares allotted by the Company pursuant to the Scheme. 
 
L. Except the Equity Shares allotted by the Company pursuant to the Scheme, the Company has not issued any 
equity shares for consideration other than cash during the last one year 
 
M. Our Company has not undertaken a split or consolidation of the Equity Shares in the one year preceding the 
date of this Information Memorandum. 
  
===== [PAGE 11 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
9  
RISK FACTORS 
 
An investment in equity securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this 
Information Memorandum, including the risks and uncertainties described below. If any of the following risks or other 
risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial, occur, our Company’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition could be affected, the price of the Equity Shares could decline, and all or part of your investment 
may be lost. The financial and other related implications of risks concerned, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed 
in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are certain risk factors where the effect is not quantifiable and hence 
has not been disclosed in such risk factors. You should not invest in the Equity Shares unless you are prepared to accept 
the risk of losing all or part of your investment, and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the 
particular consequences to you of an investment in the Equity Shares. 
 
INTERNAL RISK FACTORS 
 
1. Our Company has a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our prospects. 
 
The Precision Tools Business undertaking was established and op erated by Forbes & Company Limited. Pursuant 
to the Scheme, the Precision Tools Business was demerged from Forbes & Company Limited and transferred to and 
vested with our Company with effect from April 01, 2023 (being the Appointed Date under the Scheme). Our 
Company was incorporated on August 30, 2022 as a public limited company under the Companies Act, 2013. As a 
result, our Company has a limited operating history, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate our prospects. 
Our business must be considered in light of the risks and uncertainties inherent in a new venture. We may also need 
to alter our business and strategies on an ongoing basis to man age our growth and to compete effectively with 
established players in the industry in which we operate.  
 
2. We do not currently have long term contracts or exclusive supply arrangements with any of our suppliers.  
 
We do not currently have long term contracts or exclusive suppl y arrangements with any of our suppliers. It is 
possible that some of our existing suppliers may choose to discontinue operations or offer more viable terms or enter 
into exclusive arrangements with our competitors. A major disruption to the timely and adequate supplies of our raw 
materials or deterioration in the quality of raw materials coul d adversely affect our business, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
 
3. Our Company, our Promoters and our Group Companies are involved in cer tain legal and other proceedings. 
An adverse outcome in such proceedin gs may have a material adverse e ffect on our business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
 
Our Company, its Promoters and Group Companies are currently involved in legal proceedings in India which are 
pending at different levels of adjudication before the concerne d authority. We cannot assure you that these 
proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company, its Promo ters and Group Companies as the case may be. 
Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us liable to penalties and may have a material adverse effect 
on the financials and reputation of our Company or its Promoters which may in turn have an adverse effect on our 
business. Additionally, during the course of our business we are subject to risk of litigation in relation to contractual 
obligations, employment and labour law related, personal injury, damage to property, etc. 
 
A classification of these outstanding proceedings is given in the following table: 
 
Name of Entity 
 
Criminal 
Proceedings 
 
Tax 
Proceedings 
 
Statutory or 
Regulatory 
Proceedings 
 
Disciplinary 
actions by 
the SEBI or 
Stock 
Exchanges 
Material 
Civil 
Litigations 
 
Aggregate 
amount 
involved 
(INR in 
Lakhs)
Company    
By the Company 2 Nil Nil Nil Nil 10.71
===== [PAGE 12 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
10  
Against the 
Company 
Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 
Directors    
By the Director Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
Against the 
Director 
Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 
Promoters    
By the Promoter 2 Nil Nil Nil 22 20,251.87
Against the 
Promoter 
4 18 Nil Nil 5 17,533.62 
Group 
Companies 
      
By the Group 
Companies 
Nil Nil Nil Nil 1       1,715.05 
Against the 
Group 
Companies 
2 Nil Nil Nil 4 5,760.68 
 
For further details of these legal proceedings, please see “ Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments ” 
on page 88 of the Information Memorandum. 
 
4. We could be harmed by employee misconduct or errors that are difficult to detect and any such incidences could 
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 
 
Employee misconduct or errors could expose us to business risks  or losses, including regulatory sanctions and 
serious harm to our reputation. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect or deter such misconduct. 
Moreover, the precautions we take to prevent and detect such ac tivity may not be effective in all cases. Our 
employees may also commit errors that could subject us to claims and proceedings for alleged negligence, as well 
as regulatory actions on account of which our business, financi al condition, results of operations and goodwill 
could be adversely affected. 
 
5. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend up on future earnings, financ ial condition, cash flows, 
working capital requirements and capital expenditures and the terms of its financing arrangements. 
 
Our ability to pay dividends will depend on the earnings, finan cial condition and capital requirements of our 
Company. Our business is capital intensive as we are required to innovate from time to time to increase margins, 
which may result in additional capital expenditure. Further, we may not be able to distribute dividends in certain 
circumstances such as default in payment of interest and/or principal, amongst others, based on certain of our high-
cost financing arrangements. We may be unable to pay dividends in the near or medium-term, and our future 
dividend policy will depend on our capital requirements and fin ancing arrangements in respect of our projects, 
financial condition and business operations. 
 
6. The insurance coverage taken by us may not be adequate to protect against certain business risks and this may 
have an adverse effect on the business operations. 
 
Our operations are subject to risks inherent to the engineering and manufacturing industry, such as work accidents, 
storm, fire, earthquake, flood, inundation, explosions including hazards that may cause severe damage, including 
the physical destruction of property, breakdown of machinery an d other force majeure events. We maintain 
insurance coverage, including insurance in relation to standard fire and other special perils and burglary insurance. 
 
Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that we carry, the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of 
the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events not covered by insurance policies, could materially 
harm our financial condition and future results of operations. Additionally, there may be various other risks and 
losses for which we are not ins ured, either because such risks are uninsurable or not insurable on commercially 
acceptable terms. In addition, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance of all types which we deem 
===== [PAGE 13 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
11  
necessary or adequate or at rates which we consider reasonable. The occurrence of an event for which we are not 
adequately or sufficiently insured or the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed 
available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition 
of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results 
of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There may al so be certain types of risks (including but not 
limited to business disruptions) for which we are not covered. 
 
Although we have obtained insurance required by Indian laws and  regulations and as considered reasonable by 
the management team, our insurance may not be adequate to cover  all potential liabilities. We cannot assure you 
that insurance will be generally available in the future or, if available, that the premiums will not increase or remain 
commercially justifiable. If we incur substantial liability and the insurance does not, or is insufficient to, cover the 
damages, our business, financial  condition, results of operatio ns and prospects may be materially adversely 
affected. 
 
7. Our manufacturing operations are critical to our busi ness and any shutdown of our manufacturing facilities 
may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
Any local disruption, social unrest, natural disaster or breakd own of services and utilities could have material 
adverse effect on the business and result of operations. Our facilities are subject to operating risks like breakdown 
or failure of equipment, power supply or processes and performa nce below expected levels of efficiency, 
obsolescence, natural disaster, i ndustrial accidents and the ne ed to comply with the directives of relevant 
government authorities. In the event that we are forced to shut down our facilities for a significant period of time, 
it would have a material adverse effect on our business, result s of operations and financial condition. Further, 
continuous addition of industries in and around our manufacturing facilities without commensurate growth of its 
infrastructural facilities may put pressure on the existing inf rastructure therein, which may adversely affect our 
business. Further, the spiraling cost of living around our faci lities may push our manpower costs higher, which 
may reduce our margin and cost competitiveness. 
 
8. Our inability to identify customer demand accurately and maintain an optimal level of inventory in our stores 
may impact our operations adversely.  
 
The success of our business depends upon our ability to anticipate and forecast customer demand and trends. Any 
error in our forecast could result in either surplus stock, which we may not be able to sell in a timely manner, or 
at all, or under stocking, which could affect our ability to me et customer demand. An optimal level of inventory 
is important to our business as it allows us to respond to customer demand effectively and to maintain a full range 
of products at our stores. 
 
9. We may be exposed to potential liabilities from any person al injury claims alleging any deficiency in our 
products or in counterfeit products of an inferior quality. 
 
Our business may be adversely affected by litigation and compla ints from customers or government authorities 
resulting from deficiencies in our products. We could also incur significant liabilities if a lawsuit or claim results 
in a decision against us and substantial litigation costs in relation to these lawsuits. Further, our business could be 
harmed in the event of the sale of any defective or misbranded product. Our products are also exposed to the risk 
of being counterfeited by third parties using intellectual prop erties or brands/ logos/ designs or copying our 
packaging to sell their products. 
 
10. We operate in a highly skilled manpower industry and are subject to stringent employment laws and any strike, 
work stoppage or increased wage/salary demand by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our 
employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
Our manufacturing processes require highly skilled manpower. During periods of shortages in the personnel with 
required skills, we may not be able to manufacture our products  according to our previously determined time 
frames, at our previously estimated product costs, or at all, w hich may adversely affect our business, results of 
operations, cash flows and reputation. 
 
===== [PAGE 14 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
12  
We are also subject to a number of stringent employment laws th at protect the interests of employees, including 
legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for dispute res olution and employee removal and legislation that 
imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. I f labor laws become mo re stringent, it may 
become more difficult for us to maintain flexible human resource policies, discharge employees or downsize, any 
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows 
and prospects. 
 
There can be no assurance that strikes or work stoppages will not occur in the future. In addition, work stoppages 
or slowdowns experienced by our customers or key suppliers coul d result in slow-downs or closures of our units 
where our products are included in the end products. If we or o ne or more of our customers or key suppliers 
experience a work stoppage, such work stoppage could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, 
cash flows and results of operations. 
 
11. We may enter into the related party transactions. 
 
Any future transactions with our related parties will be at arm’s length, however there may be some inherent risk 
associated with related party. Such transactions may have an ad verse effect on our business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
 
For details of Related Party Transactions please refer to chapter “Financial Statements” on page 86 of Information 
Memorandum. 
 
12. Our success depends largely upon the services of our Promoters/Directors, Core Leadership Team and other 
Key Managerial Personnel and our ability to retain them. Our inability to attract and retain senior managerial 
personnel may adversely affect the operations of our Company. 
 
Our Company’s performance is largely dependent upon the services of our Promoters/Directors, Core Leadership 
Team and other Key Managerial Personnel. Our Promoters and Core  Leadership Team have built relations with 
persons who are connected with our business. Further, our Key Managerial Personnel also possesses the requisite 
domain knowledge. Any failure or inability of our Company to attract and retain human resources may affect the 
operations and ability to expand our business. 
 
13. Any change in the technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to make substantial 
capital investment to cope with the market. 
 
Technology upgradation is a regular process and it is also esse ntial for providing the desired quality to the 
customers. We are taking all the possible steps to keep our man ufacturing facilities in line with the latest 
technology. However, any further upgradation in the technology may render our current technology obsolete and 
require us to upgrade the existing technology or implement new technology. Further implementing new technology 
may require us to incur huge capital expenditure which could affect our cash flows and result of operations. 
 
14. If we are not able to procure, renew or maintain, as the case may be, the statutory or regulatory permits or 
third-party approvals required to operate our business or effectively transfer and integrate the Demerged 
Undertaking, it may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
We require certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals to operate our business. We are also required 
to renew certain permits and approvals from time to time. Similarly, the effective transfer and integration of the 
Demerged Undertaking may be subject to the receipt of various statutory and regulatory approvals and other third 
party consents. While we believe that we will be able to procur e or renew such permits and approvals as and 
when required, there can be no assurance that the relevant auth orities will issue any or all requisite permits or 
approvals in the time-frame anticipated by us. Failure to procu
re, renew or maintain the required permits or 
approvals may result in the interruption of our operations or d elay or prevent our vertical integration, and may 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condi tion and results of operations. Further, change in 
law or any change in the interpretation of an existing law since the date of filing of the Scheme with the NCLT, 
if any, may also impact our ab ility to procure any necessary co nsents or approval for transfer of the Demerged 
Undertaking. 
===== [PAGE 15 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
13  
 
15. Any further issue of Equity Shares by the Company or  significant sales of Equity Shares by our major 
shareholders may dilute investor's shareholding and affect the market price of the Equity Shares of the 
Company 
 
Any future offering of equity shares by the Company or sales th ereof may lead to dilution of investors’ 
shareholding or affect market pr ices of the shares of the Compa ny. Dilution may be experienced on issue and 
allotment of additional Equity Shares by the Company to the extent of the equity shares offered. There can be no 
assurance that the Company will not issue further Equity Shares  or that the shareholders will not dispose of, 
pledge or otherwise encumber their Equity. 
 
16. The Promoters will continue to retain majority control of the Company after the Issue, which will enable them 
to influence the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for approval. 
 
Our Promoter and Promoter group currently holds 73.85% of the p aid up equity share capital of the Company. 
As a result, our Promoter will continue to exercise significant  control over us, including being able to control 
the composition of our board of directors and determine decisio ns requiring simple or special majority voting, 
and our other shareholders will be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Our Promoter may take or block 
actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with o ur interests or the interests of our minority 
shareholders, such as actions which delay, defer or cause a cha nge of our control or a change in our capital 
structure, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business co mbination involving us, or which discourage or 
encourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 
17. Registered office is not owned by the Company.  
 
Our registered office is situated at Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400 001. 
The premises is owned by Forbes & Company Limited and leased / NoC’ed to the Company. However, there 
can be no assurance that we will continue to have the right to use such premises perpetually. 
 
18. Our trademark and corporate logo is not registered  
 
Currently, the brands, trademarks, trade names, logo and other intellectual property rights relating to and uitlised 
by our Company have been transferred to and vested in our Company by virtue of the Scheme of Arrangement 
Our Company is in the process of making application for registr ation of such trademarks and logo under the 
Trade Marks Act, 1999. Our ability to market and sell our produ cts depends upon the recognition of our brand 
name and associated consumer goodwill. In the absence of such r egistrations or delay in registration, could 
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
19. Our employees are members of unions and we may be subject to industrial unrest, slowdowns and increased 
wage costs, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations.  
 
Our unionized workforce poses challenges in maintaining flexibl e labor policies, potentially leading to labor 
unrest and work stoppages. These disruptions can harm our opera tions and reputation. Additionally, any work 
stoppages by our customers or key suppliers could affect our pr oduction. Such disruptions could significantly 
impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
20. Our Company appoints contract labour for carrying out certain of our ancillary operations and we may be 
held responsible for paying the wages of such worker s, if the independent cont ractors through whom such 
workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results 
of operations and financial condition.  
 
To maintain flexibility and control costs, our company utilizes  independent contractors who engage on-site 
contract labor for certain ancillary operations. While we do no t directly employ these laborers, we may still be 
liable for their wage payments if the contractor defaults. Such obligations could negatively impact our financial 
performance. Moreover, according to the Contract Labour (Regulation and Ab olition) Act, 1970, as amended, 
===== [PAGE 16 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
14  
we might be mandated to absorb some contract laborers as perman ent employees. Any such regulatory or court 
order could adversely affect our business and financial stability. 
 
21. Our Promoters shareholding in Forbes and Company Limited is pledged with a financial lender to our 
Promoters. 
 
To maintain control, the Promoters must retain their shareholding in the new entity. Currently, shares of Forbes 
& Company Limited are pledged, and post-allotment, shares in th e new entity will also be pledged to the 
Promoter's lender. In adverse scenarios, the Promoters may lose control of their shares, potentially affecting the 
company's strategy and business direction. 
 
EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS 
 
1. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain. 
 
As in most other businesses, the regulatory and policy framework in which we operate is evolving and is subject 
to change. The Government of India may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could lead to 
new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain a pprovals and licenses from the Government and 
other regulatory bodies, or impose additional requirements. 
 
For instance, the Government of India has recently introduced Wages Code, Social Security Code, Occupational 
Safety Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 and Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, 
subsume and replace numerous ex isting central labour legislations. We are yet to determine the impact of all or 
some such laws on our business and operations for which appropriate actions are being initiated. 
 
Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementat ion of any amendment to, or change in, governing 
law, regulation or policy applicable to us, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative 
or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve. We may incur increased costs and 
other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management 
time and other resources, and an y failure to comply may adverse ly affect our business, results of operations and 
prospects.  
 
2. Changes in the taxation system in India could adversely affect our business. 
 
Our business, financial condition and results of operations cou ld be adversely affected by any change in the 
extensive central and state tax regime in India applicable to us and our business. Tax and other levies imposed by 
the central and state government s in India that affect our tax liability, include central and state taxes and other 
levies, income tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty and other special taxes and surcharges, which are introduced 
on a temporary or permanent basis from time to time. This exten sive central and state tax regime is subject to 
change from time to time. The final determination of our tax liability involves the interpretation of local tax laws 
and related regulations in each jurisdiction, as well as the si gnificant use of estimates and assumptions regarding 
the scope of future operations and results achieved and the tim ing and nature of income earned and expenditures 
incurred. 
 
For instance, the Government of India has implemented two major  reforms in Indian tax laws, namely the GST, 
and provisions relating to general anti-avoidance rules (“GAAR”). The indirect tax regime in India has undergone 
a complete overhaul. The indirect taxes on goods and services, such as central excise duty, service tax, central 
sales tax, state value added tax, surcharge and excise have bee n replaced by Goods and Service Tax with effect 
from July 1, 2017. The GST regime is relatively new and therefore is subject to amendments and its interpretation 
by the relevant regulatory authorities. GAAR became effective f rom April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the 
GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement may result in, among others, a denial of tax benefit to us and 
our business. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is subjective. If 
the GAAR provisions are made applicable to us, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. Further, if the tax costs 
associated with certain of our transactions are greater than anticipated because of a particular tax risk materializing 
on account of new tax regulations and policies, it could affect our profitability from such transactions. 
 
===== [PAGE 17 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
15  
Our companies operating in India may choose not to claim any of  the specified deductions or exemptions and 
claim the lower corporate tax, i n which case, the minimum alter nate tax provisions would not be applicable. 
Alternatively, we may choose to pay the higher of corporate tax ; i.e., 30% or 25%, as the case may be, plus 
applicable surcharge and cess, after claiming the applicable deductions and exemptions or the minimum alternate 
tax at the rate of 15% plus applicable surcharge and cess. As s uch, there is no certainty on the impact that these 
amendments may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. 
 
Further, the Finance Act, 2020, has, amongst others things, not ified changes and provided a number of 
amendments to the direct and indi rect tax regime, including, wi thout limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax 
regime and that dividend distribution tax , will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid 
by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands 
of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are subject to tax deduction at source. The Company 
may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes 
of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should  consult their own tax advisors about the 
consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 
 
3. Political, macroeconomic, demographic and other changes could adversely affect economic conditions in India. 
 
Our Company is incorporated in India and derives the majority o f its revenue from operations in India and the 
majority of its assets are located in India. Consequently, our performance and the market price of the equity shares 
of our Company may be affected by interest rates, government po licies, taxation, and other social, political and 
economic developments affecting India. The Indian economy diffe rs from the economies of most developed 
countries in many respects, including the degree of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, 
control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the Indian economy has experienced significant 
growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geog raphically and among various sectors of the 
economy. The Indian government ha s implemented various measures  to encourage economic growth and guide 
the allocation of resources. 
 
Our business results depend on a number of general macroeconomic and demographic factors in India which are 
beyond our control. Recessionary economic cycles, a protracted economic slowdown, a worsening economy, 
increased unemployment, rising interest rates or other industry-wide cost pressures could also affect our sales and 
earnings. 
 
Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence  our results of operations and cash flows, may 
include: 
 
 the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 
 any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or 
repatriate currency or export assets; 
 any scarcity of credit or other f inancing in India, resulting i n an adverse effect on economic conditions in 
India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 
 political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including 
in India’s various neighboring countries; 
 occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; 
 prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 
 other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its consumption sector; 
 international business practices that may conflict with other c ustoms or legal requirements to which we are 
subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 
 protectionist and other adverse public policies, including loca l content requirements, import/export tariffs, 
increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 
 Inflation rates; and 
 being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial p rocesses and difficulty 
enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so. 
 
===== [PAGE 18 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
16  
Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could 
adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and the price of the equity 
shares of our Company. 
 
4. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets. 
 
The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, 
including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain e merging economies in Asia. Any worldwide 
financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Ind ian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, 
adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. 
 
Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of inves tor confidence in one emerging economy may 
cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world 
could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the  Indian economy. Financial disruptions could 
materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
Furthermore, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on India. Concerns related to a trade 
war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion  and volatility in global capital markets and 
consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. 
 
In response to the global trade and business conditions and dev elopments, legislators and financial regulators 
globally and in India, implement a number of policy measures fr om time to time. Such measures are designed to 
add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall lo ng-term effect of these and other legislative and 
regulatory efforts on the global  financial markets is uncertain , and they may not have the intended stabilizing 
effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a mate rial adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition, cash flows and results of operation. 
 
These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material 
adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly 
reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets 
or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash 
flows and results of operations and reduce the price of the equity shares of our Company. 
 
5. Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of  war, civil unrest and other events could materially and 
adversely affect our business. 
 
Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flood, earthquakes, etc.),  epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, acts of 
war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyo nd our control, may lead to economic instability, 
including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, 
cash flows and results of operations. 
 
Our operations may be adversely af fected by fires, natural disa sters and/or severe weather, which can result in 
damage to our technological infrastructure and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate 
personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civi l unrest as well as other adverse social, economic 
and political events in India could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception 
that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of  risk and could have an adverse effect on our 
business and the price of the equity shares of our Company. 
 
A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to 
contagious diseases. A worsening of the recently seen outbreak of COVID-19 virus or future outbreaks of COVID-
19 virus, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and 
economic activity in the region and in turn have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of 
the equity shares of our Company. 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 19 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
17  
6. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions. 
 
Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian l aws governing our corporate affairs, the validity 
of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those 
that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Sharehol ders’ rights including in relation to class actions, 
under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. 
Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as  shareholder in an Indian company than as 
shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 
 
7. Civil disturbances, regional conflicts and other acts of violence in India and abroad may disrupt or otherwise 
adversely affect the Indian economy. 
 
Certain events that are beyond the control of our Company, such  as violence or war, including those involving 
India, the United Kingdom, the United States or other major countries, may adversely affect worldwide financial 
markets and could potentially l ead to a severe economic recessi on, which could adversely affect our business, 
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and more generally, any of these events could lower 
confidence in India's economy. Asia has, from time to time, exp erienced instances of civil unrest and political 
tensions and hostilities among neighboring countries. Political  tensions could create a perception that there is a 
risk of disruption of services provided by India-based companie s, which could have an adverse effect on our 
business, future financial performance and price of the Equity Shares. Furthermore, if India were to become 
engaged in armed hostilities, particularly hostilities that are  protracted or involve the threat or use of nuclear 
weapons, the Indian economy and consequently Company's operatio ns might be significantly affected. India has 
from time to time experienced social and civil unrest and hosti lities, including riots, regional conflicts and other 
acts of violence. Events of this nature in the future could hav e an adverse effect on our ability to develop our 
business. As a result, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
8. Natural calamities could have a negative effect on the Indian economy and cause our business to suffer. 
 
India has experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunami, floods, hurricanes and drought in the past 
few years. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determines their effect on the Indian economy. Further 
prolonged spells of below normal rainfall or other natural calamities in the future could have a negative effect on 
the Indian economy, adversely affecting our business and the price of our Equity Shares. 
 
9. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us. 
 
Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India. A majority of our Company’s Directors and 
officers are residents of India and a substantial portion of ou r assets and such persons are located in India. As a 
result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in 
jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is 
unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments i f that court was of the view that the amount of 
damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public polic y, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to 
Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from 
the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 
 
Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code 
of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ CPC”). India has reciprocal recogn ition and enforcement of judgmen ts in civil and 
commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong 
Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements 
established in the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of 
monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being i n the nature of any amounts payable in respect of 
taxes, other charges, fines or p enalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal 
recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. 
Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered b y any court in a non-reciprocating territory for 
civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not 
be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favor a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory 
is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of 
===== [PAGE 20 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
18  
obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a c ourt in India would award damages on the same 
basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments 
if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. 
 
10. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, an d after the listing, the Equity Shares may experience 
price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading ma rket for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, 
the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to sell your Equity Shares at all. 
 
Prior to the listing, there has been no public market for our E quity Shares, and an active trading market on the 
Indian Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after th e listing. Listing and trading does not guarantee 
that a market for our Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. 
The market price and liquidity for the Equity Shares post listing may be subject to significant fluctuations and may 
also decline below the listing price in response to, among other factors: 
 
 volatility in the Indian and other global securities markets; 
• problems such as temporary closure, broker default and settleme nt delays experienced by the Indian Stock 
Exchanges; 
 the performance and volatility of the Indian and global economy; 
 financial instability in emerging markets that may lead to loss of investor confidence; 
 risks relating to our business and industry, including those discussed in this Information Memorandum; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors; 
 investor perception of the investment opportunity associated with our Equity Shares and our future performance; 
 adverse media reports about us, our Shareholders, Associate Company or our Group Company; 
 future sales of our Equity Shares; 
 variations in our quarterly results of operations; 
 differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors and analysts; 
 our future expansion plans; 
• perceptions about our future performance or the performance of the health and safety solutions industry 
generally; 
 changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts; 
 significant developments in India’s economic liberalization and deregulation policies; and 
 significant developments in India’s fiscal and environmental regulations. 
 
There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock marke ts in the recent past, and our Equity Share price 
could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility.  A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares 
could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. There c an be no assurances that the shareholders will be 
able to sell their Equity Shares at all. 
 
11.
 Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholdings, and sales of our Equity Shares by our 
Promoter or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 
 
There is a risk that we may be r equired to finance our growth or strengthen our balance sheet through additional 
equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, may lead t o the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our 
Company. We cannot predict what e ffect the future issue of equi ty shares by our Company and / or sale of our 
Equity Shares by our Promoter or majority shareholders will have on the market price of our Equity Shares. 
 
12. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limits our ability to attract 
foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of the Equity Shares. 
 
Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and 
residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and 
reporting requirements specified  by the RBI or in the alternate , the pricing is in compliance with the extant 
provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. If the transfer of sha res is not in compliance with such pricing 
guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval 
of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who see k to convert the Rupee pr oceeds from a sale of 
===== [PAGE 21 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
19  
shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection or 
a tax clearance certificate from  the income tax authority. Furt her, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 
Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Government 
of India, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country 
which shares land border with India, can only be made through t he Government approval route, as prescribed in 
the Consolidated FDI Policy. These investment restrictions shal l also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative 
instruments. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Government agency 
can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 22 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
20  
SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
The following summary of financial and operating information is  derived from the audited financial statements of our 
Company for the year ended March  31, 2024 after taking effect o f the Scheme as described in the Auditors Report of 
M/s. Sharp and Tannan Associates, Chartered Accountants in the section titled “Financial Statements” on page 86 of this 
Information Memorandum. 
(INR.in Lakh) 
Particulars For the year ended  
March 31, 2024 * 
For the year ended 
March 31, 2023 
Share Capital  5,159.45 5.00
Net Worth** 13,774.71 3.83
Revenue from Operations 22,849.66 -
Other income 105.94 -
Profit/ (Loss) before tax  3,983.03 (1.18)
Profit/ (Loss) after tax  2,971.11 (1.18)
EPS (in INR/share)*** 110.63 (2.35)
Total Borrowings **** 542.40 -
 
* The Appointed date and the effective date for the Scheme is A pril 01, 2023 and March 01, 2024 respectively and 
therefore the above audited financials for the year ended March 31, 2024 is not comparable vis-a-vis last financial year. 
The allotment of shares is done on March 13, 2024. EPS is calculated considering the allotment of shares. 
**The above net worth has been computed as per section 2(57) of the Companies Act 2013. 
*** As per the Scheme of Arrangement, FPTL issued and allotted four fully paid-up equity shares of INR 10/- each for 
every one fully paid-up equity share of INR 10/- each held by the equity shareholders of the Demerged Company (FCL) 
as on the Record Date. The issuance and allotment of equity sha res took place on March 13, 2024. The total number of 
issued and allotted equity shares is 5,15,94,464, which has been diluted for a weighted average equity share of 26,85,739. 
As per IND AS 33, the weighted average of equity shares has bee n calculated from the acquisition date. Based on the 
above consideration, the EPS (ear nings per share) is calculated  to be INR 110.63 per share. However, if the appointed 
date, which is April 01, 2023, is considered as the acquisition date, then the EPS calculated is INR 5.76 per share. 
**** Total Borrowings includes Long-term Borrowings and Short-term Borrowings. 
 
  
===== [PAGE 23 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
21  
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
Our Company was incorporated on August 30, 2022, under the prov isions of Companies Act, 2013. The CIN of the 
Company is U29256MH2022PLC389649. There has been no change in the name of our Company since its incorporation. 
 
Registered and Corporate Office of the Company 
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort 
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400 001 
Tel.: +91 022 6913 8900 E-mail: investor.relations@forbesprecision.co.in 
Corporate Identity Number U29256MH2022PLC389649 
 
Manufacturing Facility of the Company 
Plot No. B-13, Industrial Area, MIDC Waluj, 
Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar, 431133, Maharashtra 
Ph: +91 240 255 3421 
 
Registrar of Companies 
Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra,  
100, Everest, Marine Drive, 
Mumbai – 400 002 
Tel.: +91 022 2281 2627 
 
Board of Directors of our Company 
Sr. No. Name Designation DIN Address 
1. Mahesh Chelaram Tahilyani  Managing 
Director 
01423084  802, Tower 5, Rustomjee 
Ozone CHS Limited, 
Goregoan Mulund Link 
Road, Behind Goregaon 
Telephone Exchange, 
Goregaon (West), 
Mumbai- 400062 
2. Jai Laxmikant Mavani  Non-Executive  
Non-Independent 
Director 
05260191  1702, Building No.5, 
Raheja Classic, New Link 
Road., Next to Infiniti 
Mall, Andheri West, 
Mumbai - 400053 
3. Marzin Roomi Shroff Chairman - Non- 
Executive- Non-
Independent 
Directo
r
00642613 201, GAI Building, 647 B, 
Khareghat Road, Dadar 
(East), Mumbai – 400 014 
4. Sivanandhan Dhanushkodi  Non- Executive- 
Independent 
Director
   
03607203  S/O Dhanushkodi, 
B/1803, Ashok Towers, 
Dr. Babasaheb 
Ambedkar Road, Parel, 
Mumbai - 400012 
5.  Rani Jadhav Ajit Non- Executive- 
Independent 
Director 
07070938 
 
409, Shalaka, Maharshi 
Karve Marg, Opp. 
Cooperage Football 
Ground, Cooperage, 
Mumbai, Nariman Point, 
Mumbai- 400021 
6. Nikhil Jaysinh Bhatia Non- Executive- 
Independent 
Director
00414281 S/O Jaysinh Dwarkadas 
Bhatia, 5/B, Keval Mahal, 
64, Marine Drive, Near 
===== [PAGE 24 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
22  
Sr. No. Name Designation DIN Address 
Wankhede Stadium, 
Mumbai- 400020 
 
For details of our Directors, refer to section titled “Our Management” on page 69 of the Information Memorandum. 
 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer Chief Financial Officer 
Rupa Khanna  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Tel.: +91 22 6913 8900 
Email: rupa.khanna@forbesprecision.co.in 
Address: Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg,  
Fort, Mumbai, 400 001, Maharashtra 
Vikram Nagar  
Chief Financial Officer 
Tel.: +91 240 255 3433  
Email: vikram.nagar@forbesprecision.co.in 
Address: Plot No. B-13, Industrial Area, MIDC 
Waluj, Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar, 431133, 
Maharashtra
 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent 
Link Intime India Private Limited 
C-101, 1
st Floor, 247 Park L.B.S. Marg,  
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai-400 083, Maharashtra, India. 
Contact Person: Ms. Shehnaz Billimoria 
Tel: +91 22 4918 6000 
E-mail: shehnaz.billimoria@linkintime.co.in 
Website: www.linkintime.co.in  
 
Bankers to our Company 
Axis Bank Limited 
Contact No. +91 8407902131  
Email: waluj.branchhead@axisbank.com  
Contact person: Mr. Narendra Vaidy 
Address: Waluj, Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar, 431136.  
 
Auditors of our Company 
M/s. Sharp & Tannan Associates 
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 109983W 
Address: 87, Nariman Bhavan, 227 Nariman Point, 
Mumbai - 400 021, Maharashtra 
Tel: 022-6153 7500 
Email: mumbai.office@sharpandtannan.com 
Peer Review Cert. No.: 014153 
 
Authority of Listing 
 
The Hon’ble NCLT, vide Order dated February 09, 2024 (certified copy received by the Company on  February 22, 2024) 
has approved the Scheme of Arrangement.  For more details relating to the Scheme, please refer to the Se ction titled 
“Scheme of Arrangement” on page 42 of this Information Memorandum. In accordance with the said Scheme, the equity 
shares of our Company issued and allotted pursuant to the Schem e shall be listed and admitted to trading on the BSE. 
Such listing and admission for trading is not automatic and is subject to fulfillment by the Company of criteria of BSE 
and also subject to such other terms and conditions as may be p rescribed by BSE at the time of application by our 
Company seeking listing. Our Com pany has received no objection from BSE on the Scheme of Arrangement under 
Regulation 37 of the SEBI LODR Regulations vide their letter no s. DCS/AMAL/TL/R37/2816/2023-24 dated July 07, 
2023. 
 
The Company has received approv al for listing of its equity sha res on BSE vide their letter no. 
DCS/AMAL/TL/IP/3158/2024-25 dated April 26, 2024. Further, the Company has also received a letter bearing no. 
===== [PAGE 25 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
23  
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR/RAC-1/P/OW/2024/17446/1 dated May 22, 2024 from  t h e  S E B I  i n  r e l a t i o n  to relaxation from 
applicability of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR for listing of the equity shares of Resulting Company on BSE. 
  
 
Eligibility Criterion 
 
There being no Initial public offering or rights issue, the eli gibility criteria in terms of Chapter II of SEBI ICDR 
Regulations do not become applicable. However, SEBI vide its ma ster circular SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 
dated June 20, 2023, as amended from time to time, has subject to certain conditions, permitted unlisted issuer companies 
to make an application for relaxing from the strict enforcement  of Rule 19(2)(b) of SCRR, as amended. Our Company 
has submitted its Information Memo randum, containing informatio n about itself, making disclosure in line with the 
disclosure requirement for public issues, as applicable, to BSE for making the said Information Memorandum available 
to public through their website at www.bseindia.com. Also, our Company has made the said Information Memorandum 
available on its website at www.forbesprecision.co.in. Our Company has published an advertisement in the newspapers 
containing its details in line with the details required as per  the above-mentioned circular on June 03, 2024. The 
advertisement draws specific reference to the availability of this Information Memorandum on its website. 
 
Prohibition by SEBI 
 
The Company, its Directors, its Promoters, promoter group, other companies promoted by the promoter and companies 
with which the Company’s Director s are associated as director’s  have not been prohibited from accessing the capital 
market under any order or direction passed by SEBI. 
 
General Disclaimer from the Company 
 
The Company accepts no responsib ility for statements made other wise than in the Information Memorandum or in the 
advertisements published in terms of SEBI master circular SEBI/ HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023, 
as amended from time to time, or any other material issued by o r at the instance of the Company and anyone placing 
reliance on any other source of information would be doing so a t his or her own risk. All information shall be made 
available by the Company to the public and investors at large a nd no selective or additional information would be 
available for a section of the investors in any manner. 
 
Listing 
             
The Company has nominated BSE Limited as Designated Stock Exchange for the aforesaid listing of the Equity Shares. 
The Company has received in-princ iple approval from BSE on Apri l 26, 2024 and has receive d approval from SEBI 
under Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contract Regulation Act, 1956 (SCRR) on May 22, 2024.  
===== [PAGE 26 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
24  
CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
 
The Capital Structure of our Company - Pre-Scheme: 
 
Particulars Aggregate Nominal Value (INR) 
Authorized Share Capital  
50,000 Equity Shares of face value of INR 10 each 
 
5,00,000 
Issued, Subscribed and paid-up share capital 
50,000 Equity Shares of face value of INR 10 each
 
5,00,000
 
The Capital Structure of our Company- Post-Scheme: 
 
Particulars Aggregate Nominal Value (INR) 
Authorized Share Capital  
7,80,00,000 Equit
y Shares of face value of INR 10 each
 
78,00,00,000
Issued, Subscribed and paid-up share capital 
5,15,94,464 Equity Shares of INR 10 each 
 
51,59,44,640 
*The paid up share capital of the Company has increased on March 13, 2024, Pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement 
sanctioned by NCLT, Mumbai. 
 
Notes to the Capital Structure: 
 
1. Changes in Authorised Share Capital  
 
The details of changes in authorised share capital of our Company since Incorporation are as follows: 
(in INR except share data) 
Date Particulars 
 
Cumulative 
No. of 
Equity 
Shares 
Face 
Value 
(INR) 
Authorised 
Share 
Capital 
(in INR) 
August 30, 2022 On incorporation 50,000 10 5,00,000
January 16, 2024 Pursuant to Scheme of Arran gement 7,80,00,000 10  78,00,00,000 
 
2. Equity Share Capital History 
 
(in INR except share data) 
Date of 
Allotment* 
No. of 
Equity 
Shares 
Cumulative No. 
of Equity Shares 
Face 
Value 
(in 
INR) 
Issue 
Price 
(in 
INR) 
Cumulative 
Paid-up 
Capital (in 
INR) 
Nature of 
consideration 
Category of 
Allottees 
On 
Incorporation# 
50,000 50,000 10 10 5,00,000 Cash Subscribers to 
Memorandum 
March 13, 
2024 
5,15,94,464*  5,15,94,464 10 10 51,59,44,640 NA Pursuant to 
effectiveness 
of Scheme of 
Arrangement
 
# 50,000 Equity shares has been cancelled in terms of Scheme of Arrangement. 
* Equity shares have been allotted in terms of the Scheme of Arrangement sanctioned by National Company Law Tribunal 
under Sections 230-232 of the Companies Act, 2013. Details of t he Scheme have been provided at page 42 of the 
Information Memorandum. Further, in respect of shares held by 3 8 shareholders who are entitled for 88,125 Equity 
shares of the Company, their entitlement is credited to a separate Demat Escrow account as their respective matters are 
sub-judice. 
 
 
===== [PAGE 27 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
27  
3. Shareholding Pattern of our Company before and after the Scheme: 
 
The table below presents our shareholding pattern before the Scheme becoming effective 
 
Table I: Summary statement holding of specified securities 
Cate-
gory 
Category of 
shareholders 
No. of 
share-
holders 
No. of 
fully 
paid up 
Equity 
Shares 
held 
No. of 
partly 
paid 
up 
Equity 
Shares 
held 
No. of 
shares 
underlying 
Depository 
Receipts 
Total no. 
of shares 
held 
Share-holding as 
a %age of total 
no. of shares 
(calculated as per 
SCRR, 1957)
No. of voting rights held in each class of 
securities 
No. of 
shares 
underlying 
outstanding 
convertible 
securities 
(including 
warrants) 
Shareholding 
as % 
assuming full 
conversion of 
convertible 
securities (as 
a % of 
diluted share 
capital) 
No. of locked 
in shares 
No. of shares 
pledged 
No. of Equity 
Shares held in 
dematerialised 
form 
(as a % of 
(A+B+C) 
No. of voting rights Total as 
% of 
(A+B+C) 
No. 
(a) 
As a 
% of 
total 
shares 
held 
(b)
No. 
(a) 
As a 
% of 
total 
shares 
held 
(b)
(I) (II) (III) (IV) (V) (VI) (VII) = 
IV + V + 
VI
(VIII) Class X Class 
Y 
Total (IX) (X) (XI) = (VII) 
+ (X) as a % 
of (A+B+C)
(XII) (XIII) (XIV) 
(A) Promoter & 
Promoter 
Group* 
7 50000 - - 50000 100.00 50000 - 50000 100.00 - 100.00 - - - - - 
(B) Public - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(C) Non 
promoter non 
public 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(C1) Shares 
underlying 
DRs 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(C2) Shares held 
by Employee 
trust 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
       
 Total 7 50000 - - 50000 100.00 50000 - 50000 100.00 - 100.00 - - - - - 
 
(*) Nominees of Forbes & Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 28 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
28  
Table II: Statement showing shareholding pattern of the Promoter and Promoter Group 
 
Cat
e-
gory 
Category of share-holders No. of 
share
-
holde
rs 
No. of fully 
paid up 
Equity 
Shares 
held 
No. of 
partly 
paid up 
Equity 
Shares 
held 
No. of 
shares 
underly
ing 
Deposit
ory 
Receipt
s 
Total 
no. of 
shares 
held 
Share-
holding as a 
%age of 
total no. of 
shares 
(calculated 
as per 
SCRR, 
1957)
No. of voting rights held in each 
class of securities 
No. 
of 
shar
es 
unde
rlyin
g 
outst
andi
ng 
conv
ertib
le 
secur
ities 
(incl
udin
g 
warr
ants)
Shareholdi
ng as % 
assuming 
full 
conversion 
of 
convertible 
securities 
(as a % of 
diluted 
share 
capital) 
No. of locked in 
shares 
No. of shares 
pledged 
No. of 
Equity 
Shares 
held in 
dematerial
ised form 
 
(as a % of 
(A+B+C) 
No. of voting rights Total 
as % of 
(A+B+
C) 
No. (a) As a 
% of 
total 
shares 
held 
(b) 
No. 
(a) 
As a 
% of 
total 
share
s held 
(b) 
(I) (II) (III) (IV) (V) (VI) (VII) = 
IV + V 
+ VI 
(VIII) Class 
X 
Cla
ss Y 
Total (IX) (X) (XI) = 
(VII) + (X) 
as a % of 
(A+B+C)
(XII) (XIII) (XIV) 
A(1) Indian      
(a) Individuals / HUF - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  
(b) Central Govt / State Govt  - - - - - - -- -  - - - - - - - -  
(c) Financial Institutions / Banks  - - - - - - -- -  - - - - - - - -  
(d) An y other (Bodies Corporate) 7 50000 - - 50000 100.00 50000 - 50000 100.00 - 100 - - - - - 
 Forbes & Company Limited 1 49994 - - 49994 100.00 49994 - 49994 100.00 - 100 - - - - - 
 Rupa Khanna* 1 1 - - 1 - 1 - 1 - - - - - - - - 
 Ravinder Chander Prem* 1 1 - - 1 - 1 - 1 - - - - - - - - 
 Atul Keshrao Sadawarte* 1 1 - - 1 - 1 - 1 - - - - - - - - 
 Prashant Kamlakant Pradhan* 1 1 - - 1 - 1 - 1 - - - - - - - - 
 Pavan Radhesham Somani* 1 1 - - 1 - 1 - 1 -  
 Aruna Anand Kelkar* 1 1 - - 1 - 1 1 - - - - - - - 
 Sub-total A(1) 7 50000 - - 50000 100.00 50000 50000 100.00 - 100 - - - - -  
A(2) Forei gn -  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(a) Individuals (Non resident 
Individuals / Foreign 
Individuals) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(b) Government - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(c) Institutions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(d) Forei gn Portfolio Investors -  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(e) Any others (Foreign Bodies 
Corporate) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 Sub-total A(2) -  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 Total shareholding of 
Promoter & Promoter Group 
(A) = (A)(1) + (A)(2) 
7 50000 - - 50000 100.00 50000 - 50000 100.00 - 100 - - - - - 
(*) Nominees of Forbes & Company Limited 
  
===== [PAGE 29 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
29  
Table III: Statement showing shareholding pattern of public shareholder 
 
Cat
e-
gory 
Category of share-holders No. of 
share
-
holde
rs 
No. of 
fully 
paid up 
Equity 
Shares 
held 
No. 
of 
part
ly 
pai
d 
up 
Equ
ity 
Sha
res 
held 
No. of 
shares 
underlyin
g 
Depositor
y 
Receipts 
Total no. 
of shares 
held 
Share-
holding 
as a 
%age of 
total no. 
of 
shares 
(calculat
ed as 
per 
SCRR, 
1957)
No. of voting rights held in each 
class of securities 
No. of 
shares 
underly
ing 
outstan
ding 
converti
ble 
securiti
es 
(includi
ng 
warrant
s) 
Shareholdi
ng as % 
assuming 
full 
conversion 
of 
convertible 
securities 
(as a % of 
diluted 
share 
capital) 
No. of locked in 
shares 
No. of shares 
pledged 
No. of 
Equity 
Shares 
held in 
demateria
lised form 
(as a % 
of 
(A+B+C
) 
No. of voting rights Total 
as % 
of 
(A+B+
C) 
No. (a) As a % 
of total 
shares 
held 
(b)
No. 
(a) 
As a % 
of total 
shares 
held (b) 
(I) (II) (III) (IV) (V) (VI) (VII) = IV 
+ V + VI 
(VIII) Clas
s X 
Cl
ass 
Y 
Total (IX) (X) (XI) = (VII) 
+ (X) as a 
% of 
(A+B+C)
(XII) (XIII) (XIV) 
1 Institutions         
(a) Mutual Funds -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
(b) V e n t u r e  C apital Fund -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
( c ) Alternative Investment Fun d -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
(d) F o r e ign venture capital investor -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
(e) F o r e ign portfolio investor -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
(f) Financial Institutions / Banks -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
(g) Insurance Companies -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
(h) Provident funds / pension funds -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
(i) Any other ( Foreign Institutional 
Investors) 
-  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
  Sub Total (B)(1) -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
2 Central government / state 
government / President of India 
-  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
  Sub Total (B)(2) -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
3 Non Institutions       - -   
(a) Individual shareholders holding 
nominal share capital upto ` 2.00 
lac 
-  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
  Individual shareholders holding 
nominal share capital in excess of 
` 2.00 lac 
-  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
(b) NBFC re gistered with RBI -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
( C) E m ployees Trusts - -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
(d) Overseas Depositories (holding 
DR) balancing figure 
-  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
(e) Any othe r       - -   
  Sub Total (B)(3) -  -  - - - - - - -  -  - - - - - -  -  
  Total public shareholding (B) = 
(B)(1)+(B)(2)+(B)(3) 
-  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
 
  
===== [PAGE 30 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
30  
Table IV: Statement showing shareholding pattern of Non promoter Non public shareholder 
 
Cat
e-
gory 
Category of share-holders No. of 
share
-
holde
rs 
No. of fully 
paid up 
Equity 
Shares 
held 
No. 
of 
part
ly 
pai
d 
up 
Equ
ity 
Sha
res 
held 
No. of 
shares 
underlyin
g 
Depositor
y 
Receipts 
Total no. 
of shares 
held 
Share-
holding 
as a 
%age of 
total no. 
of 
shares 
(calculat
ed as 
per 
SCRR, 
1957)
No. of voting rights held in each 
class of securities 
No. of 
shares 
underl
ying 
outsta
nding 
conver
tible 
securit
ies 
(inclu
ding 
warra
nts) 
Shareho
lding as 
% 
assumin
g full 
conversi
on of 
converti
ble 
securiti
es (as a 
% of 
diluted 
share 
capital) 
No. of locked in 
shares 
No. of shares 
pledged 
No. of 
Equity 
Shares 
held in 
dematerial
ised form 
(as a % 
of 
(A+B+C
) 
No. of voting rights Total 
as % 
of 
(A+B+
C) 
No. 
(a) 
As a 
% of 
total 
shares 
held 
(b)
No. (a) As a 
% of 
total 
share
s held 
(b)
(I) (II) (III) (IV) (V) (VI) (VII) = IV 
+ V + VI 
(VIII) Class 
X 
Cl
as
s 
Y 
Total (IX) (X) (XI) = 
(VII) + 
(X) as a 
% of 
(A+B+C
)
(XII) (XIII) (XIV) 
1 Custodian / DR Holde r    
2 Employees benefit trust (under SEBI 
(Share based employee benefit) 
Re
gulations, 2014 
-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
(b) Total non promoter non public 
shareholding (C) = (C)(1) + (C)(2) 
-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
  
===== [PAGE 31 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
31  
 
 
The tables below presents our shareholding pattern after allotment pursuant to the Scheme 
 
Table I: Summary statement holding of specified securities 
 
Category  
 (I) 
Category of 
shareholder  
 (II) 
Nos. of 
sharehol
ders  
 (III) 
No. of fully 
paid up 
equity shares 
held  
 (IV) 
No. 
of 
Partly 
paid-
up 
equity 
shares 
held  
 (V) 
No. 
of 
shar
es 
und
erly
ing 
Dep
osit
ory 
Rec
eipt
s   
 
(VI
) 
Total nos. 
shares held  
 (VII) = 
(IV)+(V)+ 
(VI) 
Sharehol
ding as a 
% of 
total no. 
of shares 
(calculat
ed as per 
SCRR, 
1957)  
 (VIII)   
 As a % 
of 
(A+B+C
2) 
Number of Voting Rights held in each class 
of securities (IX) 
No. of 
Shares 
Underly
ing 
Outstan
ding 
converti
ble 
securitie
s 
(includi
ng 
Warrant
s)(X) 
Shareholdi
ng , as a % 
assuming 
full 
conversion 
of 
convertible 
securities ( 
as a 
percentage 
of diluted 
share 
capital) 
(XI)= 
(VII)+(X) 
As a % of 
(A+B+C2)
Number of 
Locked in 
shares (XII) 
Number of Shares 
pledged or otherwise 
encumbered (XIII) 
Number of 
equity shares 
held in 
dematerialize
d form (XIV) 
No of Voting Rights Total 
as a 
% of 
(A+B
+C) 
No. 
a 
As a 
% of 
total 
Share
s held 
(b) 
No. a As a 
% of 
total 
Share
s 
held 
(b) 
Class eg: X Cl
as
s 
eg
: 
Y 
Total 
(A) Promoter & 
Promoter 
Group 
2 3,81,02,764 0 0 3,81,02,764 73.85 3,81,02,764 0 3,81,02,764 7 3.85 0 73.85 0 0 * * 3,81,02,764 
(B) Public 10,540 1,34,91,700 0 0 1,34,91,700 26.15 1,34,91,700  0 1,34,91,700  26.15 0 26.15 0 0 NA NA 1,34,91,700  
(C) Non Promoter- 
Non Public 
                 
(C1) Shares 
underlying DRs 
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 NA NA 0 
(C2) Shares held by 
Employee 
Trusts 
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 NA NA 0 
  Total 10,542 5,15,94,464 0 0 5,15,94,464 100.00 5,15,94,464 0  5,15,94,464 100.0
0
0 100.00 0 0 * * 5,15,94,464 
*On the allotment of shares to the Promoter namely Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited, pursuant to the Scheme. The equity shares held by the Promoter namely 
Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited are proposed to be pledged in favour of Catalyst Trusteeship Limited as the security trustee acting in trust on behalf of the 
lenders.  
===== [PAGE 32 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
32  
 
Table II: Statement showing shareholding pattern of the Promoter and Promoter Group 
 
  Category 
of 
sharehold
er   
 (I) 
No
s. 
of 
sh
are
ho
lde
rs  
 
(II
I) 
No. of 
fully paid 
up equity 
shares 
held  
 (IV) 
No
. 
of 
Pa
rtl
y 
pai
d-
up 
eq
uit
y 
sh
are
s 
hel
d  
 
(V
) 
No. 
of 
sha
res 
und
erl
yin
g 
De
pos
itor
y 
Re
cei
pts   
 
(VI
) 
Total 
nos. 
shares 
held  
 (VII) = 
(IV)+(V)
+ (VI) 
Shareho
lding as 
a % of 
total no. 
of 
shares 
(calculat
ed as 
per 
SCRR, 
1957)  
 (VIII)   
 As a % 
of 
(A+B+C
2) 
Number of Voting Rights held in each class of 
securities (IX) 
No. 
of 
Shar
es 
Und
erlyi
ng 
Outs
tandi
ng 
conv
ertibl
e 
secur
ities 
(incl
udin
g 
Warr
ants)
(X) 
Shareh
olding 
, as a 
% 
assumi
ng full 
conver
sion of 
conver
tible 
securit
ies ( as 
a 
percen
tage of 
diluted 
share 
capital
) (XI)= 
(VII)+
(X) As 
a % of 
(A+B+
C2
)
Number 
of 
Locked 
in shares 
(XII) 
Number of Shares 
pledged or 
otherwise 
encumbered (XIII) 
Number 
of equity 
shares 
held in 
dematerial
ized form 
(XIV) 
Sub-categorization of shares 
(XV) 
No of Voting Rights Total as 
a % of 
(A+B+
C) 
N
o. 
a 
As 
a 
% 
of 
tot
al 
Sh
are
s 
hel
d 
(b)
No. a As 
a % 
of 
tota
l 
Sha
res 
hel
d 
(b) 
Shareholding (No. of shares) 
under 
Class eg: X Class 
eg: Y 
Total Sub
- 
cate
gory 
(i) 
Sub- 
catego
ry (ii) 
Sub- 
category 
(iii) 
(1) Indian                                         
(a) Individual
s/ Hindu 
Undivide
d Famil
y 
-  -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -    -   -  -  -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -  
(b) Central 
Governm
ent/State 
Governm
ent
(s) 
-  -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -    -   -  -  -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -  
(c) Financial 
Institution
s/Banks 
-  -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -    -   -  -  -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -  
(d) Any 
Other 
(Specify) 
2 38102764 -  -   -  73.85 38102764 -  -  73.85 -  -  -  -  381 02764 98.
25 
38102764 -  -  - 
  Bodies 
Corporate 
2 38102764 -  -   -  73.85 38102764 -  -  73.85 -  -  -  -  381 02764 98.
25
38102764 -  -  - 
===== [PAGE 33 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
33  
  Shapoorji 
Pallonji 
and 
Company 
Private 
Limite
d 
1 37437172 -  -   -  72.56 37437172 -  -  72.56 -  -  -  -  374 37172 98.
25 
37437172 -  -  - 
  Forbes 
Campbell 
Finance 
Limite
d 
1 665592 -  -   -  1.29 665592 -  -  1.29 -  -  -  -  -  -  665 592 -  -  - 
  Sub-Total  
(A)(1) 
2 38102764 -  -   -  73. 85 38102764 -  -  73.85 -  -  -  -  -  -  38102764 -  -  - 
' 
(2) 
Foreign            - -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - - 
(a) Individual
s (Non-
Resident 
Individual
s/ Foreign 
Individual
s
) 
 -  -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -  -  -   -   -   -   -    -   -  
(b) Governm
ent 
-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -      
(c) Institutio
ns 
-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
(d) Foreign 
Portfolio 
Investor 
- - -  -  - -.  -  -  - .- -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
(e) Any 
Other 
(specify) 
-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
  Sub-Total  
(A)(2) 
-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
  TOTAL 
Sharehold
ing of 
Promoter 
and 
Promoter 
Group(A) 
= (1) + 
(2) 
2 38102764   3810276
4 
73.85 38102764  38102764 73.85  73.85   37437172 98.
25 
38102764    
 
===== [PAGE 34 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
34  
Table III: Statement showing shareholding pattern of public shareholders 
 
  Category 
of 
shareholde
r   
 (I) 
Nos. of 
sharehol
ders  
 (III) 
No. of 
fully 
paid up 
equity 
shares 
held  
 (IV) 
No. 
of 
Partly 
paid-
up 
equity 
shares 
held  
 (V) 
No. 
of 
share
s 
unde
rlyin
g 
Depo
sitor
y 
Rece
ipts   
 (VI) 
Total 
nos. 
shares 
held  
 (VII) = 
(IV)+(V)
+ (VI) 
Shareho
lding as 
a % of 
total no. 
of 
shares 
(calcula
ted as 
per 
SCRR, 
1957)  
 (VIII)   
 As a % 
of 
(A+B+
C2) 
Number of Voting Rights held in each 
class of securities (IX) 
No. of 
Shares 
Underl
ying 
Outsta
nding 
conver
tible 
securit
ies 
(includ
ing 
Warra
nts)(X) 
Sharehol
ding , as 
a % 
assuming 
full 
conversio
n of 
convertib
le 
securities 
( as a 
percentag
e of 
diluted 
share 
capital) 
(XI)= 
(VII)+(X) 
As a % of 
(A+B+C
2
) 
Number of 
Locked in 
shares 
(XII) 
Number of 
Shares 
pledged or 
otherwise 
encumbere
d 
(XIII)
Number of 
equity 
shares 
held in 
dematerial
ized form 
(XIV) 
Sub-categorization of 
shares (XV) 
No of Voting Rights Total 
as a 
% of 
(A+B
+C) 
N
o. 
a 
As a 
% of 
total 
Shar
es 
held 
(b) 
N
o. 
a 
As a 
% of 
total 
Shar
es 
held 
(b) 
Shareholding (No. of 
shares) under 
Class 
eg: X 
C
l
a
s
s 
e
g
: 
Y 
Total Sub- 
categ
ory (i) 
Sub- 
categ
ory 
(ii) 
Sub- 
categ
ory 
(iii) 
(1) Institutions 
(Domestic) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(a) Mutual 
Funds 
1 568 - - 568 - 568  568 0. 00 - - - - - - 568 - - - 
(b) Venture 
Capital 
Funds 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(c) Alternate 
Investment 
Funds 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(d) Banks 2 47028 - - 47028 0.09 47028  47028 0.09 - - - - - - 47028 - - - 
(e) Insurance 
Companies 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(f) Provident / 
Pension 
Funds 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(g) Asset 
Reconstruc
tion 
Com
panies 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(h) Sovereign 
Wealth 
Funds 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(i) NBFCs 
registered 
with RBI 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(j) Other 
Financial 
Institutions 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(k) Any Other 
(specify) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
  Sub-Total 
B(1) 
3 47596 - - 47596 0.09 47596  47596 0.09 - - - - - - 47028 - - - 
===== [PAGE 35 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
35  
'(2) Institutions 
(Foreign) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(a) Foreign 
Direct 
Investment 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(b) Foreign 
Venture 
Capital 
Investors 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(c) Sovereign 
Wealth 
Funds 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(d) Foreign 
Portfolio 
Investors 
Cate
gory I 
10 604169
6 
- - 6041696 - 6041696  6041696 11.71 - - - -- - - 6041696 - - -  -
(e) Foreign 
Portfolio 
Investors 
Category II 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(f) Overseas 
Depositori
es (holding 
DRs) 
(balancing 
fi
gure) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(g) Any Other 
(specify) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
  Sub-Total 
(B)(2) 
10 604169
6 
- - 6041696  6041696  6041696 11.71 - - - - - - 6041696 - - - 
' (3) Central 
Governme
nt / State 
Governme
nt(s) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(a) Central 
Governme
nt / 
President 
of India 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(b) State 
Governme
nt / 
Governo
r 
1 121452 - - 121452 - 121452  121452 0.24 - - - - - - 121452 - - - 
(c) Shareholdi
ng by 
Companies 
or Bodies 
Corporate 
where 
Central / 
State 
Governme
nt is a 
promoter 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
  Sub-Total 
(B)(3) 
1 121452 - - 121452 - 121452  121452 0.24 - - - - - - 121452 - - - 
===== [PAGE 36 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
36  
' (4) Non-
Institutions 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(a) Associate 
companies 
/ 
Subsidiarie
s 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(b) Directors 
and their 
relatives 
(excluding 
independen
t directors 
and 
nominee 
directors
) 
1 8128 - - 8128 - 8128 - 8128 0.02 - - - - - - 8128 - - - 
(c) Key 
Managerial 
Personnel 
1 4 - - 4 - 4 - 4 0.00 - - - - - - 4 - - - 
(d) Relatives 
of 
promoters 
(other than 
immediate 
relatives of 
promoters 
disclosed 
under 
Promoter 
& PGC
) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(e) Trusts 
where any 
person 
belonging 
to 
Promoter 
& PGC is 
trustee, 
beneficiary 
or author 
of the trust 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(f) Investor 
Education 
and 
Protection 
Fund 
(IEPF) 
1 652612 - - 652612 - 652612  652612 1.26 - - - - - - 652612 - - - 
  INVESTO
R 
EDUCATI
ON AND 
PROTECT
ION 
FUND 
AUTHORI
TY 
MINISTR
Y OF 
1 652612 - - 652612 - 652612  652612 1.26 - - - - - - 652612 - - - 
===== [PAGE 37 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
37  
CORPOR
ATE 
AFFAIRS 
(g) Resident 
Individuals 
holding 
nominal 
share 
capital up 
to Rs. 2 
lakhs 
9973 348790
8 
- - 3487908 6.76 3487908  3487908 6.76 - 6.76     3487908    
(h) Resident 
Individuals 
holding 
nominal 
share 
capital in 
excess of 
Rs. 2 lakhs 
19 122205
2 
- - 1222052 2.37 1222052  1222052 2.37  2.37     1222052    
(i) Non 
Resident 
Indians 
(NRIs) 
 
162 
127316 - - 127316 0.25 127316 - 127316 0.25 - 0.25 - - - - 1273 16 - - - 
(j) Foreign 
Nationals 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(k) Foreign 
Companies 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(l) Bodies 
Corporate 
83 163445
6 
- - 1634456 3.17 1634456  1634456 3.17 - 3.17 - - - - 1634456 -  -  -  
(m) Any Other 
(specify) 
                    
  i) Clearing 
Member 
3 2680 - - 2680 0.01 2680  2680 0.01 - 0.01 - - - - 2680 - - - 
  ii) 
Overseas 
corporate 
bodies 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
  iii) Trust 1 2400 - - 2400 0.00 2400  2400 0.00 - 0.00 - - - - 2400 - - - 
  iv) Foreign 
Portfolio 
Investor(In
dividual
) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
  v) 
Unclaimed 
or 
Suspense 
or Escrow 
Account 
1 1520 - - 1520 - 1520  1520 0.01 - - - - - - 1520 - - - 
  vii) 
Resident 
HUF 
275 125456 - - 125456 0.24 125456  125456 0.24 - 0.24 - - - - 125456 - - - 
  viii) 
Custodian 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
  ix) 
Employees 
/ Office 
Bearers 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
===== [PAGE 38 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
38  
  x) Foreign 
Bank 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
  xi) 
Qualified 
Institutiona
l Bu
yer 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 xii) LLP 7 17944 - - 17944 0.03 17944  17944 0.03 - 0.03 - - -  - 17944 - - - 
  Sub-Total 
(B)(4) 
10526 728095
6 
- - 7280956 14.11 7280956  7280956 14.11 - 14.11 - - - - 728095 6 - - - 
  TOTAL 
Public 
Shareholdi
ng(B) = 
B(1) + 
B(2) + 
B(3) + 
B
(4) 
10540 134917
00 
- - 1349170
0 
26.15 1349170
0 
 13491700 26.15 - 26.15 - - - - 13491700 - - - 
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 39 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
39  
Table IV: Statement showing shareholding pattern of Non promoter Non public shareholder 
 
 
  
Category 
of 
sharehold
er   
 
(I) 
PA
N   
 
(II) 
Nos. of 
sharehol
ders  
 
(III) 
No. 
of 
fully 
paid 
up 
equi
ty 
shar
es 
held  
 
(IV) 
No. 
of 
Partl
y 
paid
-up 
equi
ty 
shar
es 
held  
 
(V) 
No. of 
shares 
underly
ing 
Deposit
ory 
Receipt
s   
 
(VI)
Total 
nos. 
shares 
held  
 (VII) 
= 
(IV)+(
V)+ 
(VI)
Sharehol
ding as a 
% of total 
no. of 
shares 
(calculate
d as per 
SCRR, 
1957)  
 (VIII)   
 As a % 
of 
(A+B+C
2
)
Number of Voting Rights 
held in each class of securities 
(IX)
No. of 
Shares 
Underlyin
g 
Outstandi
ng 
convertibl
e 
securities 
(including 
Warrants)
(X)
Sharehol
ding , as 
a % 
assuming 
full 
conversio
n of 
convertib
le 
securities 
( as a 
percentag
e of 
diluted 
share 
capital) 
(XI)= 
(VII)+(X
) As a % 
of 
(A+B+C
2
) 
Number of 
Locked in 
shares 
(XII)
Number of 
Shares 
pledged or 
otherwise 
encumbere
d 
(XIII)
Number of 
equity 
shares 
held in 
dematerial
ized form 
(XIV)
Sub-categorization of 
shares 
(XV)
No of Voting 
Ri
ghts
Total 
as a % 
of 
(A+B
+C
)
N
o. 
a
As a 
% of 
total 
Shar
es 
held 
(b)
N
o. 
a
As a 
% of 
total 
Shar
es 
held 
(b)
Shareholding (No. of 
shares
) under
Cla
ss 
eg: 
X
Cla
ss 
eg: 
Y
Tot
al
Sub- 
categ
or
y (i)
Sub- 
categ
ory 
(ii)
Sub- 
categ
ory 
(iii)
(1) 
Custodian
/DR 
Holde
r 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
(a) 
Name of 
DR 
Holder (if 
available
) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
  Sub-Total 
(C)(1) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
' 
(2) 
Employee 
Benefit 
Trust 
(under 
SEBI 
(Share 
based 
Employee 
Benefit) 
Regulatio
ns 2014
) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
  Sub-Total 
(C)(2) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
  
Total 
Non-
Promoter- 
Non 
Public 
Sharehold
ing (C)= 
(C)(1)+(C
)(2) 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 
===== [PAGE 40 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
40  
Other details of shareholding of our Company 
 
(a) Set forth below is a list of Shareholders holding 1% or more of  the paid-up share capital of our Company, 
as of two years prior to the date of this Information Memorandum: 
 
Not applicable since the Company was incorporated on August 30, 2022. 
 
(b) Set forth below is a list of Shareholders holding 1% or more of  the paid-up share capital of our Company, 
as of one year prior to the date of this Information Memorandum: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the Shareholders No. of Equity 
Shares 
% of total 
Shareholding 
1 Forbes & Compan y Limited along with its nominees 50,000 100
 Total 50,000 100 
*Nominees of Forbes & Company Limited 
 
(c) Set forth below is a list of Shareholders holding 1% or more of  the paid-up share capital of our Company, 
as of 10 days prior to the date of this Information Memorandum: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the Shareholders No. of Equity 
Shares 
% of total 
Shareholding 
1 Shapoor ji Pallonji and Company Pvt. Ltd. 3,74,37,172 72.56
2 India Discover y Fund Limited 45,93,020 8.90
3 Antara India Ever green Fund Limited 13,31,564 2.58
4 Forbes Campbell Finance Limited 6,65,592 1.29
 Total 4,40,27,348 85.33 
 
In addition to above, there are 6,52,612 Equity shares (equival ent to 1.26% of the total shareholding) held with 
“Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority Ministry of Corporate Affairs”. 
 
4. Our Promoter, Promoter Group, Di rectors and their relatives hav e not sold or purchased any shares of our 
Company during the period of six months preceding the date of t he Information Memorandum except the 
Equity Shares allotted/cancelled by the Company pursuant to the Scheme. 
 
5. Our Promoter, Promoter Group, Directors and their relatives hav e not financed the purchase by any other 
person of the Equity Shares of our Company during the period of six months immediately preceding the date 
of the Information Memorandum. 
 
6. As on the date of the Information Memorandum, there are no outs tanding warrants, options or rights to 
convert debentures, loans or other instruments.  
 
7. As on the date of the Information Memorandum, the issued capital of our Company is fully paid up. 
 
8. On the allotment of shares to the Promoter namely Shapoorji Pal lonji and Company Private Limited, 
pursuant to the Scheme. The equity shares held by the Promoter namely Shapoorji Pallonji and Company 
Private Limited are proposed to be pledged in favour of Catalyst Trusteeship Limited as the security trustee 
acting in trust on behalf of the lenders.  
 
9. Neither we, nor our Directors, P romoter, Promoter Group Entities have entered into any buyback and / or 
standby arrangements and / or similar arrangements for the purchase of our Equity Shares from any person. 
 
10. As on the date of the Information Memorandum, the Company has 10,542 shareholders. 
 
11. We do not have any ESOP Scheme or ESP Scheme.  
 
12. There shall be only one denomination for the Equity Shares of the Company, subject to applicable regulations 
and Company shall comply with such disclosure and accounting norms, as specified by SEBI, from time to 
time. 
===== [PAGE 41 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
41  
 
13. Except to the extent required to comply with applicable law, ou r Company, presently, does not intend nor 
does it propose to alter its capital structure for a period of 6 (six) months from the date of this Information 
Memorandum, by way of split or consolidation of the denominatio n of Equity Shares, or by way of further 
issue of Equity Shares (including issue of securities convertible into or exchangeable, directly or indirectly 
for Equity Shares), whether on a preferential basis, or by way of issue of bonus Equity Shares, or on a rights 
basis, or by way of further public issue of Equity Shares, or otherwise. However, if our Company enters into 
acquisitions, joint ventures, or other arrangements (including significant project expansion), our Company 
may, subject to necessary approvals, consider raising additiona l capital to fund such activity or use Equity 
Shares as currency for acquisitions or participation in such joint ventures. 
 
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 42 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
42  
SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT 
 
For definitions of the terms used herein, but if not defined, you may refer to the Scheme 
 
The Scheme was filed under Section 230 to 232 read with section 66 of the Act, and other relevant provisions of 
the Companies Act 2013, as applicable from time to time, for tr ansfer and vesting of “Demerged Undertaking” 
of Forbes & Company Limited (“Demerged Company”) to Forbes Prec ision Tools and Machine Parts Limited 
(“Resulting Company”) with effect from the Appointed Date and u pon effectiveness of the Scheme on the 
Effective Date. In addition, the S cheme also provides for vario us other matters consequential and/or otherwise 
integrally connected herewith. 
 
A. The text of Rationale as provided in the Scheme of Arrangement is reproduced below: 
 
Forbes & Company Limited, a company listed on the BSE Limited, is engaged in the business of: 
 
(a) Precision Tools business 
(b) Industrial Automation, Coding, Medical Devices, Parts and Applications and Ventilator business; 
(c) Real Estate Business, and 
(d) Investment into Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and Associates 
 
Forbes Precision Tools and Machin e Parts Limited, a wholly owne d subsidiary of Forbes & Company Limited 
is incorporated on August 30, 2022 to carry on the business of manufacturers, importers, exporters, buyers, 
sellers, traders, dealers, distr ibutors, service providers of e ngineering and electrical products and services 
including taps, carbon and/or steel taps, drills, rotary burrs, tools, threading tools, grinding tools, measuring tools, 
hand tools, precision tools, tools of any kind, jigs, fixtures,  dies, spare parts, accessories, filtering materials, 
designs, patterns, plants, apparatus, equipment, machinery, machine parts and to carry on such other activities as 
may be incidental or conducive or advantageously carried on with any of the above activities. 
 
The nature of risk, competition, challenges, opportunities and business methods for Precision Tools business is 
separate and distinct from the Remaining Business carried out by the Demerged Company. 
 
Each of the varied businesses car ried out by the Demerged Compa ny have significant potential for growth and 
profitability and can attract different set of investors, strat egic partners, lenders, etc. Therefore, as these 
businesses approach their next phase of growth, it would be str ategically apt to segreg ate the Precision Tools 
business from the Remaining Business. 
 
The segregation shall enable them to move forward independently, with greater focus and specialization, building 
on their respective capabilities and their strong brand presence. It will also help to channelize resources required 
for all the businesses to focus on the growing businesses and attracting right talent and providing enhanced growth 
opportunities to existing talent in line with a sharper strategic focus on the business segment under separate entity. 
 
The Scheme will also enable the Demerged Company and the Result ing Company to focus and enhance its 
respective businesses by streamlining operations and its management structure ensuring better and more efficient 
management control. 
 
Bifurcation of these businesses will enable unlocking value of its verticals thereby paving way for focused growth 
with a view to create significant stakeholder value and at the same time allow investors to allocate their portfolio 
into separate entities, focused on the distinct entities. Furth er, it will enable independent and distinct capital 
allocation approach and balance sheet management based on the distinct needs of each business. 
 
Thus, the demerger pursuant to this Scheme is expected, inter-alia, to result in the following benefits: 
i. Create a sector focused Company; 
ii. Unlock the value for the shareholders of the Demerged Compa ny by listing of the shares of the Resulting 
Company; 
iii. Allowing managements of the each of the Demerged Company a nd the Resulting Company to pursue 
independent growth strategies; 
iv. Allow in creating the ability to achieve valuation based on  respective risk-return profile and cash flows, 
attracting the right investors and thus enhancing flexibility in accessing capital; 
===== [PAGE 43 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
43  
v. Independent collaboration and expansion. 
 
The Scheme is in the interest of the shareholders, creditors, l enders and various other stakeholders of the 
respective companies. It is not prejudicial to the interests of  shareholders, creditors, lenders and various other 
stakeholders of the respective companies. 
 
B. Demerger and vesting of the Demerged Undertaking from into the Resulting Company  
 
O n  t h e  S c h e m e  b e c o m i n g  e f f e c t i v e  i . e .  t h e  E f f e c t i v e  D a t e  a n d  w ith effect from the Appointed Date and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Scheme and pursuant to Se ctions 230 and 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, all assets, permits, contracts , liabilities, loan, duties and obligations of the 
Demerged Undertaking shall without any further act, instrument or deed, stand transferred to and vested in or be 
deemed to have been transferred to and vested in the Resulting Company on a going concern basis, so as to 
become as and from the Appointed Date, the assets, permits, contracts, liabilities, loan, duties and obligations of 
the Resulting Company by virtue of operation of law, and in the manner provided in the Scheme. 
 
C. Compliance With Tax Laws 
 
This Scheme has been drawn up to comply with the conditions relating to “Demerger” as specified under Section 
2(19AA) of the Income-tax Act, 1961. If any terms or provisions  of the Scheme are found or interpreted to be 
inconsistent with the said provisions at a later date, including resulting from amendment of law or for any other 
reason whatsoever, the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961 shall prevail and the Scheme shall stand modified 
to the extent determined necessary to comply with Section 2(19A A) of the Income-tax Act, 1961. Such 
modification will, however, not a ffect other parts of the Schem e. The power to make such modifications / 
amendments, as may become necessary, shall vest with the Board of Directors of the Demerged Company, which 
can exercise the power at any time and shall be exercised in the best interest of the Demerged Company and the 
Resulting Company. 
 
D. Consideration 
 
In terms of the Scheme, as consideration for the demerger of the Demerged Undertaking, the Board of Directors 
of the Resulting Company have agreed to issue 4 (four) fully pa id-up equity share having face value of Rs 10 
(Rupees Ten) each for every 1 (One) fully paid-up equity share of Rs 10 (Rupees Ten) each of Demerged 
Company. 
 
The Resulting Company shall, without any further act, instrumen t or deed, issue and allot to every equity 
shareholder of the Demerged Company as on the Record Date, the requisite number of equity shares in the 
Resulting Company.  
 
E. Approvals with respect to Scheme  
 
a. Approval from Board of Directors, shareholders and creditors (secured and unsecured) 
 
• The Scheme was approved by the Board of Directors of Demerged C ompany and our Company 
vide their respective resolutions dated September 26, 2022. 
 
• Further, the shareholders and unsecured creditors of Demerged C ompany approved the Scheme at 
their respective meetings convened on October 31, 2023. 
 
• The meeting of the shareholders and creditors of our Company wa s dispensed with in light of the 
consent affidavits filed by its shareholders and ‘nil’ creditors. 
 
b. Approval from Hon’ble NCLT 
 
• The Hon’ble NCLT approved the Scheme, vide Order dated February  9, 2024 (certified copy 
received by the Company on February 22, 2024).  
 
===== [PAGE 44 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
44  
c. Approval from stock exchanges and SEBI 
 
• The Company has received approva l for listing of  its equity sha res on BSE vide their letter no. 
DCS/AMAL/TL/IP/3158/2024-25 dated April 26, 2024. 
 
• Further, the Company has also received a letter bearing no. SEB I/HO/CFD/DCR/RAC-
1/P/OW/2024/17446/1 dated May 22, 2024 from the SEBI in relatio n to relaxation from 
applicability of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR for listing of the e quity shares of Resulting Company 
on BSE. 
 
   
===== [PAGE 45 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
45  
STATEMENT OF POSSIBLE TAX BENEFITS 
 
MS: F30 (1.1)/3/2024 
 
To, 
The Board of Directors 
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited 
Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg,  
Fort, Mumbai, 400 001, Maharashtra 
 
Subject: Statement of possible special tax benefits available to Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts 
Limited ("the Company") and its shareholders ("the statement"). 
 
Dear Sir/Sirs, 
 
We, Sharp & Tannan Associates, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number 109983W), the statutory 
auditor of the Company, hereby certify that the possible tax be nefits available to the Company and its 
shareholders under the Income Tax Act, 1961, as amended (the “ IT Act”), the rules, regulations, circulars and 
notifications issued thereon as applicable to the assessment year  2024-2025 relevant to the financial year 2023-
2024, presently in force in India, for inclusion in the Information memorandum in connection with the listing of 
the Company pursuant to the listing of equity shares of the Company (the "Information”). 
 
Management’s responsibility 
 
The preparation of the Statement  annexed to this certificate is  the responsibility of the management of the 
Company including the preparation and maintenance of all accounting and other records supporting its contents. 
This responsibility includes the design, and implementation of internal control relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the Statement and applying an appropriate basis  of preparation and making estimates that are 
reasonable in the circumstances.  
 
The Management is also responsible for ensuring compliance with the requirements of the Income-tax Act, 1961 
and any law or regulation applicable, if any, with respect to the information. 
 
Auditor’s responsibility 
We have performed the following procedures: - 
 
1. Obtained and reviewed the details stated in the Statement prepared by the management of the Company. 
2. Obtained and reviewed the Income Tax returns and Income Tax for ms filed by the Company for the 
Assessment year 2023-24 to avail of the stated special tax benefits. 
 
Our responsibility is to perform the procedures mentioned above , on the Statement and provide negative 
assurance. The contents of the enclosed Statement are based on information, explanations, and representations 
provided by the Company and based on our understanding of the b usiness activities and operations of the 
Company. 
 
We have conducted our examination in accordance with the ‘Guida nce Note on Audit Reports and Certificates 
for Special Purposes (Revised 2016)’ issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. 
 
We hereby confirm that while pro viding this certificate we have  complied with the Code of Ethics and the 
Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical 
Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services  Engagements, issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. 
 
Opinion 
 
Based on the above procedures performed and management represen tation, nothing has come to our attention 
that causes us to believe that the enclosed Statement in Annexure A (attached herewith to this certificate and 
===== [PAGE 46 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
46  
forms an integral part of the ce rtificate) which states the tax  b e n e f i t s ,  a v a i l a b l e  t o  t h e  C o m p a n y  a n d  i t s  
shareholders, under the Income Tax laws presently in force in India is inaccurate, as on the date of this certificate. 
 
Several of these stated tax benefits are dependent on the Compa ny or its shareholders fulfilling the conditions 
prescribed under the relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act,  1961. Hence, the ability of the Company or its 
shareholders to derive the tax benefits is dependent upon fulfilment of such conditions, which based on business 
imperatives the Company faces in the future, the Company may or may not choose to fulfill. 
 
We were informed that; this statement is only intended to provide general information to the shareholders and is 
neither designed nor intended to be a substitute for profession al tax advice. In view of the individual nature of 
the tax consequences and the changing tax laws, each shareholde r is advised to consult his or her own tax 
consultant with respect to the specific tax implications arising out of their shareholding in the Company. We are 
neither suggesting nor are we advising the investor to invest m oney or not to invest money based on this 
statement. 
  
We do not express any opinion or provide any assurance as to whether: 
 
i) the Company and its shareholders will continue to obtain these benefits in the future; or 
ii) the conditions prescribed for availing the benefits have been/would be met with; or 
iii) the revenue authorities/courts will concur with the views expressed herein. 
 
Our views expressed herein are based on the facts and assumptio ns indicated above. No assurance is given that 
the revenue authorities/ courts will concur with the views expressed herein. Our views are based on the existing 
provisions of law and its interpretations, which are subject to change from time to time by subsequent legislative, 
regulatory, administrative or judicial decisions. We do not assume responsibility to update the views consequent 
to such changes. 
 
Restriction on use 
 
The benefits discussed in the enclosed Statement are neither exhaustive nor conclusive. The enclosed Statement 
is for your information and we hereby consent to the extracts o f this certificate and annexure being used as 
Information of the Company in connection with the listing of the equity shares of the Company or for submission 
to a regulatory authority and is not to be used, referred to or  distributed for any other purpose without our prior 
written consent. 
 
O u r  w o r k  w a s  p e r f o r m e d  s o l e l y  t o  a s s i s t  y o u  i n  m e e t i n g  y o u r  r e sponsibilities in connection with our work 
according to this certificate. Our obligations in respect of th is certificate are entirel y separate from, and our 
responsibility and liability are in no way changed by any other  role we may have (or may have had) as auditors 
of the Company or otherwise. Nothing in this certificate, nor a nything said or done in the course of or in 
connection with the services that are the subject of this certi ficate, will extend any duty of care we may have in 
our capacity as auditors of the Company. 
Mumbai, March 29, 2024 
   
Sharp & Tannan Associates
   C h a r t e r e d  A c c o u n t a n t s
               Firm’s Registration No.:109983W
     
Sd/-
    Parthiv S. Desai
Partner
    Membership No.: (F) 042624
                                               UDIN:24042624BKFRRL9849
 
 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 47 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
47  
 
Annexure A 
 
STATEMENT OF TAX BENEFITS AVAILA BLE TO THE COMPANY AND ITS SHAR EHOLDERS 
UNDER THE APPLICABLE INCOME TAX ("IT ACT") 
 
The information provided below sets out the income tax benefits in the hands of the Company and its shareholders 
in a summary manner only and is not a complete analysis or listing of all potential tax benefits, under the current 
Income-tax Act, 1961 (“IT Act”) presently in force in India.  
 
Several of these tax benefits are dependent on fulfilling the conditions prescribed under IT Act. Hence, the ability 
of the Company and/or its shareholder to derive the tax benefit s is dependent upon fulfilling such conditions, 
which, based on business imperatives any of them face, they may  or may not choose to fulfill. Further, certain 
tax benefits may be optional and it would be at the discretion of the Company and shareholders of the Company 
to exercise the option by fulfilling the conditions prescribed under the relevant Taxation Laws. The following 
overview is not exhaustive or comprehensive and is not intended  to be a substitute for professional advice. 
Investors are advised to consult their tax consultant with resp ect to the tax implications of an investment in the 
shares particularly in view of the fact that certain recently e nacted legislation may not have a direct legal 
precedent or may have a different interpretation of the special  tax benefits, which an investor can avail. The 
statement below covers only relevant Taxation law benefits and does not cover any benefit under any other law.  
 
A.  TAX BENEFITS UNDER THE INCOME TA X ACT, 1961 IN THE HANDS OF TH E COMPANY 
AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS: 
 
The provision of the law stated below is as per the Income-tax Act, 1961 as amended from time to time and 
applicable for the financial year 2023-24 relevant to assessment year 2024-25. 
  
 Tax benefits available to the Company under the IT Act  
 
a) Lower corporate tax rate under section 115BAA: 
 
A new section 115BAA has been inserted in the Act by the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019 (“the 
Amendment Act, 2019”) w.e.f. A pril 1, 2020 (A.Y. 2020-21). Sect ion 115BAA grants an option to a 
domestic company to pay corporate tax at a reduced rate of 25.168% (22% plus a surcharge of 10% and 
education cess of 4%). Section 115BAA further provides that dom estic companies availing the option 
will not be required to pay Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) on thei r ‘book profits’ under section 115JB 
of the IT Act.  
 
However, such a company will no longer be eligible to avail specified exemptions/ incentives under the 
IT Act and will also need to comply with the other conditions s pecified in section 115BAA. Also, if a 
company opts for section 115BAA, the tax credit (under section 115JAA), if any, which it is entitled to 
on account of MAT paid in earlie r years, will no longer be avai lable. Further, it shall not be allowed to 
claim set-off of any brought forward loss arising to it on acco unt of additional depreciation and other 
specified incentives.  
 
Tax benefits available to the shareholders under the IT Act: 
 
There are no tax benefits available to the shareholders of the Company for investing in the shares of the 
Company. However, such shareholders shall be liable to concessional tax rates on certain incomes under the 
provisions of the IT Act.  
 
 Dividend income earned by the shareholders would be taxable in their hands at the applicable rates. 
However, in the case of domestic corporate shareholders, a deduction under Section 80M of the IT Act 
would be available upon fulfilling the conditions. Further, in the case of shareholders who are 
individuals, Hindu Undivided Family, Association of Persons, Bo dy of Individuals, whether 
incorporated or not and every artificial juridical person, the surcharge would be restricted to 15%, 
irrespective of the amount of dividend.  
===== [PAGE 48 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
48  
 As per Section 112A of the IT Act, long-term capital gains arising from the transfer of an equity share, 
or a unit of an equity-oriented fund or a unit of a business tr ust shall be taxed at 10% (without 
indexation) of such capital gains subject to fulfillment of pre scribed conditions under the IT Act as 
well as per Notification No. 60/2018/F. No.370142/9/2017-TPL dated 1 October 2018. It is worthwhile 
to note that tax shall be levied where such capital gains exceed INR 100,000/-. 
 As per Section 111A of the IT Act, short-term capital gains arising from the transfer of an equity share, 
or a unit of an equity-oriented fund or a unit of a business tr ust shall be taxed at 15% subject to 
fulfillment of prescribed conditions under the IT Act.  
 In respect of non-resident shareholders, the tax rates and the consequent taxation shall be further subject 
to any benefits available under the applicable Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement, if any, between 
India and the country in which the non-resident has fiscal domicile.  
 
Note:  
Our views expressed in this statement are based on the facts and assumptions as indicated in the statement. 
No assurance is given that the reven ue authorities/courts will concur w ith the views expressed herein. Our 
views are based on the existing provisions of law and its interpretation, which are subject to changes from 
time to time. We do not assume responsibility to updat e the views consequent to such changes. Reliance on 
this statement is on the express understanding that we do not assume responsibility towards the investors who 
may or may not invest in the proposed issue relying on this statement. Also, refer to the restriction on the use 
of this certificate. 
 
For Sharp & Tannan Associates,  
Chartered Accountants 
Firm registration no: 109983W 
For and on behalf of  
Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts 
Limited  
 
Sd/- 
 
Sd/-
Parthiv S. Desai  
Partner 
Membership no.: (F) 042624 
Mumbai, March 29, 2024  
UDIN: 24042624BKFRRL9849 
Nirmal Jagawat  
Director 
Mumbai, March 29, 2024 
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 49 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
49  
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW 
 
The information presented in this Chapter has been obtained from publicly available information from various 
sources including stock exchanges, industry websites, from publications and government and company 
estimates. The data may have been re-classified by us for the purpose of presentation. 
 
The information in this section has not been independently verified by us or any of our or their respective 
affiliates or advisors. The information may not be consistent with other information compiled by third parties 
within or outside India. Industry sources and publications generally state that the information contained therein 
has been obtained from sources generally believed to  be reliable but their a ccuracy, completeness and 
underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured. Further, there is no 
assurance that the basis of the data included in the said report or the findings thereof are completely accurate 
or reliable. Industry and government publications are also prepared based on information as on specific dates 
and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry and government sources and publications may 
also base their information on estimates, forecasts and assumptions which may prove to be incorrect. 
Accordingly, investment decisions should not be based on such information. 
 
Further the industry Chapter may be updated from time to  time subject to availability of updated data from 
websites, reports and other documents referenced in this chapter. 
 
Global Economy  
 
As the world nears the midpoint of what was intended to be a transformative decade for development, the global 
economy is set to rack up a sorry record by the end of 2024 the slowest half-decade of GDP growth in 30 years, 
according to the World Bank’s latest Global Economic Prospects report. 
 
By one measure, the global econ omy is in a better place than it  was a year ago: the risk of a global recession 
has receded, largely because of t he strength of the U.S. econom y. But mounting geopolitical tensions could 
create fresh near-term hazards for the world economy. Meanwhile, the medium-term outlook has darkened for 
many developing economies amid slowing growth in most major eco nomies, sluggish global trade and the 
tightest financial conditions in decades. Global trade growth in 2024 is expected to be only half the average in 
the decade before the pandemic.  
 
Meanwhile, borrowing costs for developing economies—especially those with poor credit ratings—are likely 
to remain steep with global interest rates stuck at four-decade highs in inflation-adjusted terms. 
 
Global growth is projected to slow for the third year in a row from 2.6% last year to 2.4% in 2024, almost three-
quarters of a percentage point below the average of the 2010s. Developing economies are projected to grow 
just 3.9%, more than one percentage point below the average of the previous decade. After a disappointing 
performance last year, low-income countries should grow 5.5%, weaker than previously expected. By the end 
of 2024, people in about one out of every four developing count ries and about 40% of low-income countries 
will still be poorer than they were on the eve of the COVID pan demic in 2019. In advanced economies, 
meanwhile, growth is set to slow to 1.2% this year from 1.5% in 2023. 
 
Near-term growth will remain weak, leaving many developing coun tries—especially the poorest—stuck in a 
trap: with paralyzing levels of debt and tenuous access to food  for nearly one out of every three people. That 
would obstruct progress on many global priorities. Opportunities still exist to turn the tide. This report offers a 
clear way forward: it spells out the transformation that can be  achieved if governments act now to accelerate 
investment and strengthen fiscal policy frameworks.” 
 
To tackle climate change and achieve other key global development goals by 2030, developing countries will 
need to deliver a formidable increase in investment —about $2.4  trillion per year. Without a comprehensive 
policy package, prospects for such an increase are not bright. Per capita investment growth in developing 
economies between 2023 and 2024 is expected to average only 3.7%, just over half the rate of the previous two 
decades. 
 
The report offers the first global analysis of what it will take to generate a sustained investment boom, drawing 
from the experience of 35 advanced economies and 69 developing economies over the past 70 years. It finds 
===== [PAGE 50 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
50  
that developing economies often reap an economic windfall when they accelerate per capita investment growth 
to at least 4% and sustain it for six years or more: the pace o f convergence with advanced-economy income 
levels speeds up, the poverty rate declines more swiftly, and p roductivity growth quadruples. Other benefits 
also materialize during these booms: among other things, inflation falls, fiscal and external positions improve, 
and people’s access to the internet expands rapidly. 
(Source : Global Economic Prospects – January 2024; A World Bank Group Flagship Report) 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE INDIAN ECONOMY 
 
India is positioned to emerge from 2023 with increased stabilit y and optimism for its growth and future 
prospects. Its attractiveness as an investment destination remains robust, given the size and scale of operations 
it has to offer to global companies, abundant skilled talent pool, and prowess in technology and innovation. 
 
The industrial manufacturing sect or has experienced a significa nt boost, attracting global technology giants 
like Apple eager to expand their supplier networks within India . This momentum is further supported by the 
implementation of state industria l policies that complement sec tor-specific incentive schemes. Concurrently, 
substantial investments in logistics and infrastructure develop ment, including the construction of new roads, 
highways, and rail tracks, underscore the government’s commitment to bolstering this critical sector. 
 
Boasting a GDP of US$3.75 trillion, India is the fifth largest economy in the world. The per capita income, per 
government data, was INR 98,374 in 2022-23 (approx. US$1,183). Further, the Indian economy is on track to 
hit US$5 trillion by 2027 on the back of developments in the fi nancial sector and the country’s demographic 
advantage. 
 
The growth is underpinned by strong investment activity bolstered by the government’s capex push and buoyant 
private consumption. Private sector balance sheets have improved over the past couple of years and companies 
are undertaking more capex. Corpo rate deleveraging has also imp roved banks’ balance sheets, aiding the 
banking system to come out of the asset quality cycle. In FY23,  the government’s CAPEX push drove 
investment growth, a story which is likely to remain unchanged in FY24. High tax collections give the 
government ammunition to spend and cushion the impact of the im pending global slowdown. Consumer 
demand remains strong, especially among the affluent, as is evident from the retail industry and the better profit 
performance of consumer discretionary goods companies in recent quarters.  
 
Global headwinds have also played to India’s advantage. With ge opolitical developments influencing trade 
relationships and disrupting supply chains, nations and multina tionals are emphasizing resilience, 
diversification, and self-sufficiency. India has huge potential  as an export hub and investment destination 
considering the China Plus One s trategy, especially in the manu facturing and services sectors, where it has 
competencies and comparative advantage. Consequently, there has been a healthy rise in FDI equity flows from 
Japan, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and the United Arab Emirates even as FDI from the United States has 
fallen. This shows that globally, there is rising confidence about investing in India. 
 
The macroeconomic stability indicators suggest the Indian econo my is well-placed to take on the foreseen 
challenges. India’s strong macro-economic fundamentals, moderating oil prices, lowering inflation, sustained 
policy push and domestic consumption is likely to keep India as  a growing economy in the coming next few 
years and on sustained growth trajectory in the long term.   
 
Manufacturing Sector: India's manufacturing sector may have continued its growth tr ajectory, supported by 
initiatives such as the "Make in India" campaign aimed at promo ting domestic manufacturing and attracting 
foreign investment. Sectors such  as automotive, electronics, ph armaceuticals, and textiles could remain key 
drivers of industrial growth. 
 
Infrastructure Development : Infrastructure projects in areas such as transportation, ener gy, and urban 
development could play a crucial role in driving industrial act ivity and economic growth. Investments in 
infrastructure could enhance connectivity, reduce logistics costs, and spur investment across various industries. 
 
Digital Transformation: The adoption of digital technologies and Industry 4.0 practices may have accelerated 
across Indian industries. Companies could be increasingly inves ting in automation, robotics, artificial 
intelligence, and data analytics to improve efficiency, productivity, and competitiveness. 
===== [PAGE 51 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
51  
 
Renewable Energy and Sustainability : India's industrial sector may  be transitioning towards greate r 
sustainability, with a focus on renewable energy sources and en vironmentally friendly practices. The 
government's targets for renewable energy capacity expansion an d efforts to promote energy efficiency could 
drive investments in clean technologies and green manufacturing. 
 
Supply Chain Resilience: The Indian industrial economy might be reevaluating supply ch ain strategies and 
enhancing resilience in the wake of global disruptions experienced during the pandemic. Companies could be 
diversifying suppliers, adopting digital supply chain solutions, and investing in local manufacturing capabilities 
to mitigate risks and ensure business continuity. 
 
Policy Environment : Government policies and regulatory reforms could continue to shape the industrial 
landscape in India. Measures aimed at simplifying regulatory processes, improving ease of doing business, and 
addressing infrastructure bottlenecks could support industrial growth and investment inflows. 
 
Global Trade Dynamics: India's industrial economy may  be influenced by global trade dynamics, including 
shifts in trade patterns, geopolitical tensions, and trade agreements. Strengthening international trade relations, 
promoting exports, and exploring new markets could be important for Indian industries to expand their global 
footprint. 
 
Skilling and Talent Development: Addressing skill gaps and investing in talent development could be critical 
for enhancing the competitiveness of the Indian industrial workforce. Initiatives focused on vocational training, 
education reform, and upskilling programs may be prioritized to meet the evolving needs of industries 
 
PRECISION MANUFACTURING 
 
Precision Manufacturing requires the repeated production of par ts with high tolerances, precise structure and 
shape. In this industry the desi gn and performance of machines,  tools, metrology and other related tooling 
material are crucial. 
  
Precision machining plays a crucial role in various industries,  particularly those requiring highly accurate and 
intricate parts or components. Here's an overview of industries  which will create a positive impact on precision 
machining and its importance acros s different sectors. Precisio n machining is integral to a wide range of 
industries, including: 
 
 Automotive: In the automotive industry, precision-machined components are  essential for engines, 
transmissions, braking systems, and other critical parts. These  components must meet strict quality 
standards to ensure safety, reliability, and performance.  The contribution of this sector to the National 
GDP has risen to about 7.1%. The $222 Bn Automobile industry is  expected to reach $300 Bn by 
2026.The largest in tractors; 2
nd largest in two-wheelers ;6th largest in PV ;7thh largest CV 
 
 
 Aerospace & Defense: Precision machining is vital in aerospace manufacturing for producing aircraft 
components, such as turbine blades, landing gear, structural elements, and control surfaces. Aerospace 
applications demand exceptional precision, durability, and resistance to harsh environmental conditions. 
Defense manufacturing MoD has set a target of achieving a turno ver of US$ 25 million in aerospace 
and defense Manufacturing by 2025.October 2022, a total of 595 Industrial Licenses have been issued 
to 366 companies operating in Defense Sector.  The first Aerosp ace and Precision Engineering SEZ 
Park is coming up in Telangana. Reliance Defence Limited is pla nning a global aerospace technology 
research centre in Bengaluru. Aequs Aerospace has initiated the  aerospace ecosystem in Belagavi 
leading to several contracts in aerospace manufacturing coming to India 
 
• Electronics: Precision machining is critical  for producing electronic comp onents, including circuit 
boards, connectors, housings, and semiconductor parts. Miniaturization, complex geometries, and high 
reliability are key considerations in electronic manufacturing.  The Indian government expects the 
electronics manufacturing sector to be worth US $ 300B by 2030. Initiatives like Make in India, Digital 
India and Startup India have given the much - needed thrust to the Electronics System Design and 
Manufacturing (ESDM) sector in India. 
===== [PAGE 52 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
52  
 
• Tooling and Die Making: Precision machining is also essential for producing molds, dies, and tooling 
used in various manufacturing processes, such as injection molding, stamping, and casting. These tools 
must maintain tight tolerances to  ensure accurate and repeatabl e production. Industry is expected to 
grow @ CAGR of 9% in India. Auto & 3C will be growth drivers. D ie & Mould will grow from INR. 
15000 Crores to INR. 20000 Crores by 2024. 
 
• Power & Energy: Precision machining is used in the energy sector for manufacturing components for 
power generation, oil and gas exploration, renewable energy sys tems, and nuclear facilities. These 
components must withstand high temperatures, pressures, and corrosive environments. Focus on power 
generation to cop up increased demand of industrializations,250 M people without Power & avg 
consumption is lower than Africa & Focus on Green Energy 
 
There was a significant increase of 13 percent in Defense Budget (2023-2024) of India as compared to the budget 
of 2022-2023. (Source: Press Information Bureau, Government of India) The increased spending on defense 
procurement would provide great support to the precision manufa cturing industry in India. The Government is 
providing all required resources and creating a robust framework for the growth of the sectors. Some of favorable 
policies and initiatives that is expected to boost the growth of the manufacturing sector are as follows:  
 
Challenges in the industry: 
 
Infrastructure deficiencies: Complex land acquisition procedures and lack of reliable and r easonably priced 
power are some of the major challenges in the sector.  
 
Lack of skilled manpower:  There is lack of technicians with specific skill sets required  for precision 
manufacturing especially in Aerospace and Defense sector. Companies have to invest substantially in providing 
specialized training to upskill employees to produce products of international standards.  
 
Input Materials: Input raw materials are import dependent in HSS & Carbide Raw material from Europe & 
China. Machines are potentially expected to be imported from China, Europe, Far east & USA. 
 
Tax support: India’s tax framework needs rationalization and sector-specific incentives would be required to be 
developed and implement to for favorable growth of the sector. 
 
MACHINE TOOLS INDUSTRY 
 
Machine Tools Industry is part of the capital goods industry. T his industry is quite crucial to the manufacturing 
sector of an economy as it is the supplier of tools required fo r effective functioning. In India, mostly SME, that 
is Small and Medium Enterprises and a few mid-size manufactures produce machine tools. The types of machine 
tools manufactured in India are namely, general/special purpose machines, standard Computer Numerical Control 
(CNC) machines, gear cutting, grinding, medium size machines, electrical discharge machining (EDM), presses, 
press brakes, pipe bending, rolling, bending machines, etc.  
 
The Production, Import and Export Statistics of machine tools as published in the Annual Report 2022- 2023 of 
the Ministry of Heavy Industries is as follows: 
 
a. Production Data: In the year 2020-2021, the production of machine tools was INR 6,602 Crores which increased 
by 40.97 percent to INR 9,307 Crores.  
 
b. Import Data: In the year 2020-2021, the import of machine tools was INR 5,965 Crores which increased by 19.35 
percent to INR 7,397 Crores. 
 
c. Export Data: In the year 2020-2021, the import of machine tools was INR 531 Crores which increased by 71.75 
percent to INR 912 Crores. 
 
===== [PAGE 53 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
53  
 
 
(INR in Crores) 
Particulars 2016-17  2017-18 2018-19 2019-20 2020-21  2021-22
Production 5,803 7,294 9,612 6,152 6,602 9,307
Year on Year Growth - 25.69% 31.78% -36.00% 7.31% 40.97%
Import 6,173 7,752 12,390 10,288 5,965 7,397
Year on Year Growth - 25.58% 59.83% -16.97% -42.02% 24.01%
Export 361 354 673 768 531 912
Year on Year Growth - -1.94% 90.11% 14.12% -30.86% 71.75%
(Source: Annual Report 2022-2023, Ministry of Heavy Industries, Government of India) 
 
Scheme for Enhancement of Competitiveness in the Indian Capital Goods Sector- Phase I & II: 
 
Under this scheme, The Government of India through Ministry of Heavy Industries aims to address the various 
constraints faced by the capital goods sector. Advanced Centres of Excellence were set up at IITs, IISc and CMTI 
in partnership with Industry, these have developed strategic te chnologies and machinery, four Industry 4.0 
Centres are imparting awareness and support to MSMEs for smart manufacturing capabilities, Common 
Engineering Facilities Centres have been created for high tech-skilling and a specialized Machine Tool Industrial 
Park has been established. This Park is located in a machine to ols cluster which strives to strengthen the 
competitiveness and inflow of investments in the Machine Tools industry. 
 
Eight Centres of Excellence (COEs) for Technology Development h ave been established at IIT Madras, IIT 
Delhi, IIT Kharagpur, IISc, CMTI, HEC/PSG College of Technology  etc. Technologies have been developed 
with industry partners in secto rs like machine tools, textile m achinery, earth moving m achinery, metallurgical 
machinery, welding, submersible pumps etc. several new technolo gies have been developed in this field to 
commercialize and grow the segment. 
 
DIES, MOULDS AND PRESS TOOLS INDUSTRY 
 
Commercial tool makers engaged in design, development and manuf acturing of tooling make the Indian Tool 
room industry. Several government tool rooms-cum-training centr e s  a r e  a l s o o pe r a t i n g  i n t he  c ou nt r y a t  ke y 
locations like Mumbai, Bengaluru, Chennai, Pune, Hyderabad, and Delhi NCR. 
 
The Production, Import and Export Statistics of Dies, Moulds and Press Tools Industry as published in the Annual 
Report 2022- 2023 of the Ministry of Heavy Industries is as follows: 
 
a. Production Data: In the year 2020-2021, the production of Dies, Moulds and Press Tools was INR 12,294 Crores 
which increased by 6.78 percent to INR 13,128 Crores.  
 
0
2,000
4,000
6,000
8,000
10,000
12,000
14,000
2016-17 2017-18 2018-19  2019-20 2020-21 2021-22
Machine Tools
Production Import Export
===== [PAGE 54 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
54  
b. Import Data: In the year 2020-2021, the import of machine tools was INR 6,000 Crores which increased by 6.37 
percent to INR 6,382 Crores. 
 
c. Export Data: In the year 2020-2021, the import of machine tools was INR 973 Crores which increased by 18.19 
percent to INR 1,150 Crores. 
 
 
 
 
 
(INR in Crores) 
Particulars 2016-17  2017-18 2018-19 2019-20 2020-21  2021-22
Production 14,750 16,068 13 ,600 13,682 12,294 13,128
Year on Year Growth -  8.94% -15.36% 0.60% -10.14% 6.78%
Import 1,200 1,350 5,500 6,356 6,000 6,382
Year on Year Growth  - 12.50% 307.41% 15.56% -5.60% 6.37%
Export 1,700 1,600 1,100 1,138 973 1,150
Year on Year Growth  - -5.88% -31.25% 3.45% -14.50% 18.19%
(Source: Annual Report 2022-2023, Ministry of Heavy Industries, Government of India) 
 
MAKE IN INDIA:  
This initiative was launched on September 25, 2014 by the Gover nment of India with the aim to promote 
investment, encourage innovation, develop world-class infrastructure, and establish India as a center for design, 
manufacturing, and innovation. R ecently, Make in India 2.0 focu sing on 27 sectors to make India a 
Manufacturing Hub. Amidst the government’s policy initiatives t o improve the Indian economic situation after 
COVID 19 pandemic, it has launched various schemes such as the Atmanirbhar Bharat packages, introduction 
of Production Linked Incentive (PLI) Scheme in fourteen (14)sec tors, investment opportunities under National 
Infrastructure Pipeline (NIP) and National Monetisation Pipelin e (NMP), India Industrial Land Bank (IILB), 
Industrial Park Rating System(IPRS), soft launch of the Nationa l Single Window System (NSWS), etc. Project 
Development Cells (PDCs), an institutional framework to expedit e investments, have been established in all 
relevant Ministries/Departments of the Government of India. The  Central Government, State Governments, are 
implementing all of the aforementioned programs and initiatives. 
 
The government has taken a number of actions to increase both d omestic and foreign investment in India, in 
addition to the continuing programs of several Departments and Ministries such as implementation of the Goods 
and Services Tax, the decrease in corporate tax, the enhancement of business ease of doing business, the reforms 
of the FDI policy, the steps taken to lessen the burden of comp liance, the initiatives to increase domestic 
manufacturing through public procurement orders, the Phased Man ufacturing Programme (PMP), and QCOs 
(Quality Control Orders). 
 
0
2,000
4,000
6,000
8,000
10,000
12,000
14,000
16,000
18,000
2016-17 2017-18 2018-19  2019-20 2020-21 2021-22
Dies, Moulds and Press Tools
Production Import Export
===== [PAGE 55 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
55  
Production Linked Incentive (PLI) Schemes are being implemented  in 14 sectors (with an incentive outlay of 
INR 1.97lakh crore) to enhance India’s manufacturing capabilities and exports. It is expected that this will result 
in significant improvement in production, skills, employment, economic growth and exports is expected over the 
next five years and more. Another such initiative is the One District One Product (ODOP). It is aimed at fostering 
balanced regional development across all districts of the country. Under this atleast one product from each district 
of the country is promoted by the government to harbor holistic  growth and development. The ODOP initiative 
has identified more than 1000 products encompassing various sec tors such as Textiles, agriculture, food 
processing, handicrafts and more from all 761 districts of the country. 
 
The manufacturing sector's forei gn direct investment (FDI) infl ow between 2014 and 2022 increased by 57% 
compared to the preceding 8 year s, or 2006 to 2014, thanks to t he Made in India initiative. Numerous State 
Governments and Ministries/Departments of the Central Government are also participating in the Made in India 
project. States also have their own investment-attracting schemes, and Ministries create action plans, programs, 
schemes, and policies for the industries under their purview. T his paints a hopeful picture since the growth of 
manufacturing sector will have positive impact on the precision tools industry, machines tools industry, etc. that 
the company deals in. 
 
  
===== [PAGE 56 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
56  
OUR BUSINESS 
 
The following information is qualified in its entirety and should be read together with the more detailed financial 
and other information included in this Information Memorandum, including the information contained in 
“Financial Statements” and “Risk Factors” on page numbers 86 and 9, respectively, of this 
Information Memorandum. 
 
Overview 
 
Metal cutting tools business is a scalable and profitable business, especially considering the demand from various 
industries such as automotive, aerospace, Defense Power & Energy, Die & Mould & Electronics. Totem caters 
to the demand of entire manufacturing space with solution for different material in different tools materials like 
High Speed Steel, carbide & High Carbon steel tools Totem has established relationships with reliable suppliers 
to ensure a steady supply of high-quality input materials at competitive prices. 
 
Manufacturing facility It is equipped with the necessary machinery and equipment for producing metal cutting 
tools. Our Plant is state of art facility equipped with 7 & 9 a xis CNC grinding machines and Contactless & 
automated inspection equipment to ensure precision and quality in manufacturing is assured. 
 
Product Development: The company has the ability to develop a range of metal cutti ng tools tailored to the 
needs of target market. While designing factors such as materia l compatibility, cutting speeds, feed rates, tool 
life, and performance optimizati on are considered. Totem is hea vily invested in research and development to 
innovate and improve product offerings through computer aided Engineering. 
 
Quality Control: Totem implements rigorous quality control measures throughout the manufacturing process to 
ensure that cutting tools meet the highest standards of quality , accuracy, and performance. It has facilities to 
conduct thorough inspections and testing to identify and rectif y any defects or deviations from specifications. 
Manufacturing facilities is ISO/TS compliant. 
 
Marketing and Sales: There is a well defined product marketing strategy to promote  tools and reach potential 
customers through Product management function. The business use s online marketing channels such as a 
professional website, social media, search engine optimization (SEO) to achieve a deeper reach in the market. It 
also uses trade shows, industry events, and networking opportun ities to showcase our products and build 
relationships with customers and distributors. 
 
Distribution Channels : The company has 200+ established distribution channel partner s  t o  c o v e r  t h e  
geographies it operates in & to reach out customers effectively . Company also have direct customer which are 
mostly auto OEMs’. It operates with Divisional and Regional sales offices with 60+ sales & application Engineer 
service & support customers. 
 
Customer Service: We aim to provide excellent customer service and technical support to build trust and loyalty 
with our customers. Product displ ays, training, and troubleshoo ting assistance to ensure customer satisfaction 
and repeat business through application sales Engineers are a method to increase the customer reach. 
 
Vision: 
“To be market leader by empowering customer through standard pr oducts & innovative solutions in 
our product offerings.” 
 
Mission 
 Quest for constant Quality improvement thus leading to excellence. 
 Innovative Product offering through Design & Development 
 Creating experience for customers 
 
PRODUCT RANGE 
 Solid Carbide Tools. 
 Tungsten Carbide Rotary Burr. 
 High Speed Taps, High Performance Taps  
===== [PAGE 57 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
57  
 High Speed Steel Drills 
 Spring Washer 
 Carbon Steel Taps and Dies 
 Hand tools  
 Solid Carbide Rod & Wear parts. 
 
MANUFACTURING PROCESS  
 Solid Carbide Tools:-   
o Parting, Blanking, CNC Tool & Cutter Grinding & Coating.   
 Tungsten Carbide Rotary Burr:- 
o Blanking by Brazing process & CNC Teeth cutting  
 High Speed Taps / High Performance Taps:- 
o Blank Turning, Heat treatment, Blank Grinding, Square Grinding,  Flute Grinding, Thread 
Grinding, Chamfer Grinding & Coating  
 High Speed Steel Drills:- 
o Blank Turning, Heat treatment, Centreless Grinding, Flute Grinding, margin grinding, point 
grinding & Coating  
 Spring Washer: -  
o Coiling Cutting, heat treatment & plating. 
 Carbon Steel Taps and Dies. 
o Squaring, Marking, Rolling, Milling, Harding, Flute Grinding, B acking Off, 
Centerless Grinding. 
 Hand tools, Solid Carbide Rods and Wear Parts are also actively traded 
 
Market space / business presence of our Company 
 
Product Segment Estimated Market 
Share End Use Key Competitors 
Threading Solutions 26% Automotive/Gen Engg YG1/Emuge/OSG/ 
Emkay/Adision
Rotary Burrs 56% Forging/Foundry Shivaloy/Craftec 
Dies/DN 45% Sanitary fitting/Gen 
Engg NKP 
 
Production Capacity and Capacity Utilisation 
 
The information relating to the estimated annual installed capa cities of our production facilities are based on 
various assumptions and estimates made by our management. These  assumptions and estimates may vary 
significantly from the assumptio ns or estimates taken into acco unt by other companies operating in similar 
business segments in calculating the estimated annual installed  capacities of their manufacturing facilities. As 
such, undue reliance should not be placed on the estimated annual installed capacity information of our facilities, 
and consequently on the utilization rates of these facilities indicated below. The following table sets forth certain 
information relating to the estimated annual installed capacities at our manufacturing facilities: 
 
Particulars Installed Capacity
(Units) 
HSS Taps 48,00,000
Carbide Tools 26,000
CST Taps 48,00,000
Dies/DN 6.00,000
Rotary Burrs 72,0000
HSS Drills 52,00,000
Carbide RM 18,0000
Hand tools 24,00,000
 
===== [PAGE 58 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
58  
Due to the nature of our product, the installed capacity is onl y an opinion of the management and the output 
would be determined by the size and complexity of the final pro duct which defines the production time 
required. 
 
Strengths 
 
Totem is leader in high speed steel tools manufacturing with hi gh end of application solution for different 
industry segments. Totem tools in India have significant market share in HSS Taps, Dies, TCRB & CS Taps. 
Brand has registration with most of Government Organization and  l e a d i n g  A u t o  &  a u t o  c o m p o n e n t  
manufacturers. The Company has a strong and competent inhouse D esign & Development team capable of 
building application-based products/solutions for the industrie s. Totem cover domestic market with 200+ 
distributors supported through 12 divisional sales offices & 60 + sales & application Engineers. All seven 
product lines are produced in state of art facility certified f or ISO & TS capable of making DIN, ISO, JIS, 
ANSI & NAS standard products. 
 
Internal Control System. 
 
We have implemented an effective internal control system to saf eguard assets, ensure accuracy in financial 
reporting, and promote operational efficiency. Company processes on transactions are maintained on operating 
SAP suite on HANA. Following processes are in place to establish internal control and business sustainability: 
 
1. Risk Assessment: We have a process to conduct a comprehensive risk assessment to identify potential 
risks and vulnerabilities in the manufacturing processes, suppl y chain, financial operations, and 
regulatory compliance. We evaluate risks related to inventory m anagement, production quality, 
equipment maintenance, currency fluctuations, and regulatory changes. 
 
2. Control Environment: We have established a strong control environment by promoting a culture of 
integrity, accountability, and ethical behavior throughout the organization. We clearly communicate 
company policies, procedures, a nd expectations to employees at all levels. We encourage open 
communication and whistle-blowing mechanisms to report any irregularities or violations. 
 
3. Segregation of Duties done through SAP: We have implemented best practices w.r.t segregation of 
duties to prevent fraud and errors by dividing responsibilities  among different individuals or 
departments. We strive to assi gn separate roles for initiating transactions, authorizing transactions, 
and recording transactions. We limit access to sensitive systems, assets, and information based on job 
responsibilities. 
 
4. Inventory Control and Transactions are real time on SAP: We have implemented robust inventory 
control procedures to monitor the movement, storage, and valuat i o n  o f  r a w  m a t e r i a l s ,  w o r k - i n -
progress, and finished goods. We conduct regular physical inven t o r y  c o u n t s ,  r e c o n c i l e  i n v e n t o r y  
records with actual counts, and investigate any discrepancies. We use inventory management software 
to track inventory levels, reorder points, and lead times. 
 
5. Production Controls and Transactions are real time on SAP : We have implemented controls to 
ensure the quality, efficiency, and safety of manufacturing pro cesses. We have also established 
standard operating procedures (SOPs) for equipment operation, m aintenance, and  calibration. 
Conduct regular inspections, audits, and performance reviews to identify and address any deviations 
or non-conformities. 
 
6. Financial Controls: We have implemented financial controls to ensure the accuracy, reliability, and 
integrity of financial reporting. We have formally segregate du ties related to financial transactions, 
such as cash receipts, disburseme nts, payroll processing, and a ccounting reconciliation. We adopt 
accounting policies and practices  in compliance with Indian acc ounting standards (Ind AS) or 
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). 
 
7. Internal Audit: We have an established internal audit function or we engage e xternal auditors to 
conduct periodic reviews and evaluations of internal controls, processes, and compliance with 
===== [PAGE 59 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
59  
regulatory requirements. We iden tify areas of improvement, impl ement corrective actions, and 
monitor the effectiveness of remediation efforts. 
 
8. Compliance Management is done through Automated platform: We tend to always stay updated 
on regulatory requirements applicable to the manufacturing indu stry in India, including tax laws, 
environmental regulations, labor laws, and industry-specific regulations. We develop and implement 
policies and procedures to ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations. 
 
9. PMS and Training: Employees KRA/KPA are maintained and monitored in system tota lly aligned 
to company’s goals. Based on annual assessment of employees and  skill gap analysis we provide 
training and development based on the needs. We equip employees  with the knowledge and skills 
necessary to contribute in the growth of the company. 
 
Key Strategies 
 
India is growing economy & Totem has & continue to build produc t portfolio for Automotive Defense, 
Aerospace, Fasteners Industries th rough product design & develo pment. Totem is increasing its geographic 
penetration through appointing distribution & deploying engineers on new location. Focused international sales 
countries are identified to grow the international market growt h. Totem is focusing on developing futuristic 
growth segment such as medical & electronics through design & d evelopment to create value proposition in 
new products offerings. Totem is building its growth story with new products such as HSS drills & Hand Tools. 
Sales Channel development is integral part of Totem growth story. Our focus, to strengthen SCM function to 
create customer experience by im proving on time delivery in ful l for aa product categories. Employee 
development through training & development is key to success of our Company 
 
HUMAN RESOURCES  
 
Human resources play a critical role in the success and growth of company. Managing the blue-collar workforce 
effectively is essential for ensuring productivity, safety, and compliance with labor laws. We achieve alignment 
of Management staff toward compa ny’s vision and goal through pe rformance Management, Training and 
development to build skill and competencies. 
 
We have excellent Employee relationship and a process of addres sing employee concerns promptly. HR 
facilitates employee engagement initiatives, team-building acti vities, and social events to promote a positive 
work environment. Since we are a manufacturing company, safety and compliance is utmost importance to us 
and this is achieved by a well led company HR policies and legal framework. 
 
HR involves implementing employee recognition programs, career development initiatives, and opportunities for 
carrier advancement. 
 
The responsibilities for ensuring compliance with the company p olicy shall rest with senior management who 
shall through their individual and collective responsibility ensure the correct implementation of the policy. Senior 
Management will, so far as reasonably practicable, endeavor to maintain an ongoing good relationship with the 
internal union. The company involves the employees’ representatives while taking decisions in respect of matters 
which affect the employees. 
 
Post effectiveness of the Scheme, we will have 490 permanent em ployees in various departments of the 
Company. 
 
Function / Department No of Employees 
Accounts & Finance 11
Export 5
Hand Tools 6
HR 5
IT 3
===== [PAGE 60 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
60  
Secretarial 1
Maintenance 24
Manufacturing PTG 301
MD's Office 3
QA Department 39
Safety  1
Sales and Marketing PTG 65
Supply Chain Management 26
Grand Total 490
 
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 
 
Employees are the key to the success of the Totem & we are continuing our efforts in enhancing people Skillings 
& capabilities in changing environment. We are focusing on followings areas to strengthen the sales & Operations 
team’s capabilities 
 
 Dimensions of Value Selling 
 Effective leadership 
 Product Training on HSS Taps and Carbide Tools Portfolio 
 Training on Metal cutting 
 Training related to Environment, occupational Health safety. 
 Training on Value Stream mapping and Lean Supply chain  
 
QUALITY CERTIFICATION PLANNED 
 
1. IATF 16949 Certification for Spring Washers 
2. ISO 9001-2015 Certification 
3. AS 9100 Certification for Aerospace sector in SCT product line. 
4. ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certification under Process 
 
INSURANCE 
 
Our Company maintains a range of insurance policies to cover it s assets, including inter alia standard fire and 
special perils policies, industrial all-risks policies, etc. We  believe that the amount of insurance cover presently 
maintained represent the appropriate level of coverage required to insure our businesses. 
 
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT 
 
 Green Initiative – Partial Solar operated Plant 
 OHS center with trained first aid team and regular health check-up for all employees.  
 Plant and machinery equipped with fire protection system.  
 Planned safety audit, review and actions through safety committee.  
 Active emergency preparedness plan  
 Compliance to all pollution and safety norms 
 
PROPERTIES 
 
Post demerger, the Company will own the following lease/freehol d immovable properties which are used as 
factory premises: 
 
===== [PAGE 61 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
61  
Address of Property Location of Land Value (in 
Lakh 
Rupees) 
   Area Sq. 
Meter 
Plot B-13 
Industrial Area, 
MIDC Waluj, Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar, 431133, 
Maharashtra 
Waluj, Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar, 
Maharashtra 
16.49 65983.00 
Factory Building 1 and 2 
and other structure with in 
the factory compound 
 
Waluj, Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar, 
Maharashtra 
4468.31 33591.32 
 
  
===== [PAGE 62 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
62  
KEY INDUSTRY REGULATIONS 
 
The following description is a summary of certain sector specific and relevant laws and regulations in India, 
which are applicable to our Company. Taxation statutes such as the Income Tax Act, 1961, the Central Goods 
and Service Tax Act, 2017, and other miscellaneous regulations, statutes and relevant state laws apply to us as 
they do to any Indian company. 
 
The information detailed in this chapter has been obtained from various statutes, regulations and/or local 
legislations and the bye laws of relevant authorities that are available in the public domain.  
 
The indicative summary is based on the current provisions of applicable law, which are subject to change or 
modification or amended by subsequent legislative, regulatory, administrative, or judicial decisions. 
 
Under the provisions of various Central Government and State Government statutes and legislations, our 
Company is required to obtain and regularly renew certain licenses or registrations and seek statutory 
permissions to conduct our business and operations. For details, see “Government and Other Approvals” on 
page 97 of the Information Memorandum. 
 
Industry specific regulations 
 
Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 2016 
 
The Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 2016, as amended (the “Bureau of Indian Standards Act”), provides for the 
establishment of bureau for the standardization, marking and quality certification of goods. The Bureau of Indian 
Standards Act provides for the functions of the bureau which in clude, among others (a) recognize as an Indian 
standard, any standard established for any goods, article, proc ess, system or service by any other institution in 
India or elsewhere; (b) specify a standard mark to be called th e Bureau of Indian Standards Certification Mark 
which shall be of such design and contain such particulars as m ay be prescribed to represent a particular Indian 
standard; and (c) make such inspection and take such samples of any material or substance as may be necessary 
to see whether any goods, article, process, system or service in relation to which the standard mark has been used 
conforms to the Indian standard or whether the standard mark has been properly used in relation to any article or 
process with or without a license. 
 
Bureau of Indian Standards Rules, 2018 
 
The Bureau of India Standards Rules, 2018 (the “Bureau of India n Standards Rules”) have been notified, in 
supersession of the Bureau of Indian Standards Rules, 1987, in so far as they relate to Chapter IV A of the said 
rules relating to registration of the articles notified by the Central Government, and in supersession of the Bureau 
of Indian Standards Rules, 2017 except in relation to things done or omitted to be done before such supersession. 
 
Under the Bureau of Indian Standards Rules, the bureau is requi red to establish Indian standards in relation to 
any goods, article, process, system or service and shall reaffirm, amend, revise or withdraw Indian standards so 
established as may be necessary. 
 
Legal Metrology Act, 2009 (the “Legal Metrology Act”) and Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 
2011 
 
The Legal Metrology Act, 2009, as amended (the “Metrology Act”), was enacted with the objectives to establish 
and enforce standards of weights and measures, regulate trade a nd commerce in weights, measures and other 
goods which are sold or distributed by weight, measure or numbe r and for matters connected therewith or 
incidental thereto. The Metrology Act states that any transacti on/contract relating to goods/class of goods or 
undertakings shall be as per the weight/measurement/numbers pre scribed by the Metrology Act. The 
specifications with respect to the exact denomination of the weight of goods to be considered in transactions are 
contained in rules by each state. 
 
The Indian Boilers Act, 1923 (“Boilers Act”) 
 
===== [PAGE 63 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
63  
The Indian Boilers Act, 1923 along with relevant regulations establishes and enforces the standards that regulate 
the materials, design and construction, inspection and testing of boilers and boiler components for compliance 
by the manufacturers and users of boilers in India. The State Government is empowered to appoint a director to 
exercise the 
powers and to discharge duties. The State Government has the po wer to limit the extent of the Boilers Act. The 
Indian 
Boilers Act, 1923 prohibits the use of unregistered or uncertificated boiler. 
 
Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016 
 
The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change published the Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016 
with an aim to increase minimum thickness of plastic carry bags from 40 to 50 microns and stipulate minimum 
thickness of 50 micron for plastic sheets. It also aims at facilitating collection and recycling of plastic waste and 
delegates responsibility to the waste generators for waste segregation and disposal. The recently notified Plastic 
Waste Management (Amendment) Rules, 2018 also prescribes a cent ral registration system for the registration 
of the producer/importer/brand owner. 
 
Industries (Development and Regulation) Act, 1951, as amended (“IDR Act”) 
 
The IDR Act has been liberalized under the New Industrial Polic y dated July 24, 1991 and all industrial 
undertakings are exempt from licensing except for certain indus tries, including, among others, all types of 
electronic aerospace, defence equipment, ships and other vessels drawn by power. The IDR Act is administered 
by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India, through the Department for Promotion of 
Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT). The main objectives of the IDR Act is to empower the Government to take 
necessary steps for the development of industries, to regulate the pattern and direction of industrial development, 
and to control the activities, performance and results of industrial undertakings in the public interest. The DPITT 
is responsible for formulation and implementation of promotional and developmental measures for growth of the 
industrial sector. 
 
Foreign Investment and Trade Related Laws 
 
Regulations Related to Foreign Trade 
 
The foreign policy of India is governed and regulated by the Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 
1992 (the “Foreign Trade Act”). The Foreign Trade Act has empow ered the Central Government to make 
provisions for the development as well as regulation of foreign  trade by the way of facilitating imports into as 
well as augmenting exports from the country and in all the other matters related to foreign trade. It authorises the 
government to formulate as well as announce the export and import policy and to keep amending the same on a 
timely basis. The government has also been given a wide power to prohibit, restrict and regulate the exports and 
imports in general as well as specified cases of foreign trade.  The Foreign Trade Act provides for certain 
appointments especially that of the Director-General to advise the Central Government in formulating import and 
export policy and to implement the same. Further, the Foreign T rade Act requires every importer as well as 
exporter to obtain a code number called the Importer Exporter Code Number (IEC) from the Director-General or 
the authorised officer.  
 
The Foreign Trade Act provides the balancing of all the budgeta ry targets in terms of imports and exports. The 
principal objectives here include the facilitation of sustain growth as to the exports of the country, the distribution 
of quality goods and services to the domestic consumer at inter nationally competitive prices, stimulation of 
sustained economic growth by providing access to essential raw materials as well as enhancement of 
technological strength, industry as well as services and improv ement of their competitiveness to meet all kinds 
of requirement of the global markets. 
 
Foreign Investment in India 
 
The foreign investment in India is governed, among others, by t he Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, 
the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 (“FEMA Rules”) and the Consolidated 
FDI Policy (effective from October 15, 2020) issued by the Depa rtment for Promotion of Industry and Internal 
Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India (earlier known as the Department of Industrial 
===== [PAGE 64 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
64  
Policy and Promotion) (“ FDI Policy”), each as amended. Further, the Reserve Bank of India has ena cted the 
Foreign Exchange Management (Mode of Payment and Reporting of Non-Debt Instruments) Regulations, 2019 
on October 17, 2019, which regulate mode of payment and remittance of sale proceeds, among others. The FDI 
Policy and the FEMA Rules prescribe inter alia the method of calculation of total foreign investment (i.e., direct 
foreign investment and indirect foreign investment) in an Indian company. 
 
Intellectual Property 
 
Intellectual property rights refers to the general term for intangible, intellectual, industrial property rights through 
patents, copyrights and trademarks and includes geographical in dications, trade secrets, and confidential 
information. These property rights allow the holder to exercise a monopoly on the use of the item for a specified 
period. 
 
The Trade Marks Act, 1999, as amended (the “ Trade Marks Act”), provides for the registration of trademarks 
in India, pursuant to which the registered owner of a trademark  is granted exclusive rights to registered marks, 
including brands, labels and headings, and to obtain relief in case of infringement for commercial purposes. The 
Trade Marks Act prohibits registration of deceptively similar trademarks and provides for penalties for infringing, 
falsifying and falsely applying trademarks 
 
Environmental laws and regulations 
 
Environment Protection Act, 1986 (“EPA”) and Environment (Protection) Rules, 1986  
 
The Environment Act is an umbrella legislation designed to provide a framework for the Central Government to 
coordinate activities of various state and central authorities established under previous environmental laws. The 
Environment Act specifies that no person carrying on any industry, operation or process shall discharge or emit 
or permit to be discharged or emitted any environment pollutant s in excess of such standards as may be 
prescribed.  
 
The Environment Act empowers the Central Government to make rules for various purposes viz., to prescribe: 
 
i.  the standards of quality of air, water or soil for various areas; 
ii. the maximum allowable limits of concentration of various environmental pollutants for different areas; 
iii. the procedures and safeguards for the prevention of accidents which may cause environmental pollution and 
remedial measures for such accidents. 
 
Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 (“Air Act”) 
 
The Air Act has been enacted to provide for the prevention, control and abatement of air pollution. The Air Act 
was enacted with a view to protect the environment and surroundings from any adverse effects of the pollutants 
that may emanate from any factory or manufacturing operation or activity. It lays down the limits with regard to 
emissions and pollutants that are a direct result of any operation or activity. Periodic checks on the factories are 
mandated in the form of yearly approvals and consents from the respective state pollution control boards. 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Air Act, any person, establishing or operating any industrial plant within an air 
pollution control area, must obtain the consent of the relevant state pollution control board, prior to establishing 
or operating such industrial plant. The state pollution control board may then grant consent, subject to mentioned 
conditions relating to pollution control equipment to be instal led at the facilities. No person operating any 
industrial plant in any air pollution control area is permitted  to discharge the emission of any air pollutant in 
excess of the standards laid down by the state pollution control board. 
 
Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 (“Water Act”) and Water (Prevention and Control of 
Pollution) Cess Act, 1977 
 
The Water Act aims to prevent and control water pollution as we ll as restore water quality by establishing and 
empowering the central and state pollution control board. Under
 the Water Act, any person establishing any 
industry, operation or process, any treatment or disposal system, using any new or altered outlet for the discharge 
of sewage or new discharge of sewage, must obtain the consent o f the relevant state pollution control board, 
which is empowered to establish standards and conditions that are required to be complied with. In certain cases, 
===== [PAGE 65 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
65  
the state pollution control board may cause the local magistrat es to restrain the activities of such person who is 
likely to cause pollution. Penalty for the contravention of the provisions of the Water Act include imposition of 
fines and/or imprisonment. 
 
Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 (“HWM Rules”) 
 
The Hazardous Wastes Rules impose an obligation on every occupier of a facility generating hazardous waste to 
deploy safe and environmentally sound measures for handling of hazardous waste generated at such facility. 
Every person engaged in generation, processing, treatment, pack aging, storage, transportation, use, collection, 
destruction, conversion, offering for sale and transfer of haza rdous waste, must obtain an approval from the 
applicable state pollution control board. The occupier, the importer, the transporter and the operator of disposal 
facility are liable for damages to the environment or third party resulting from the improper handling and disposal 
of hazardous waste. 
 
Public Liability Insurance Act, 1991 (“Public Liability Act”) and the Public Liability Insurance Rules, 1991 
(the “PLI Rules”) 
 
The Public Liability Act imposes liability on the owner or cont roller of hazardous substances for any damage 
arising out of an accident involving such hazardous substance. A list of hazardous substances covered by the 
Public Liability Act has been enumerated by the Government of I ndia by way of a notification. The owner or 
handler is also required to take out an insurance policy insuri ng against liability under the legislation. The rules 
made under the Public Liability Act mandate that the employer h as to contribute a sum equal to the premium 
paid on the insurance policies towards the environment relief fund. 
 
Labour law legislations 
 
The employment of workers, depending on the nature of activity,  is regulated by a wide variety of generally 
applicable labour laws. The following is an indicative list of labour laws other than statewise shops and 
establishments acts, which may be applicable to our Company due to the nature of our business activities: 
- Factories Act, 1948; 
- The Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970; 
- Code on Wages, 2019; 
- Code on Social Security, 2020; 
- The Employee’s Compensation Act, 1923; 
- Inter-State Migrant Workmen (Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act, 1979; 
- The Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972; 
- The Payment of Bonus Act, 1965; 
- The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961; 
- The Minimum Wages Act, 1948; 
- The Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948; 
- The Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952; 
- The Payment of Wages Act, 1936; 
- The Industrial Disputes Act, 1947; 
- Industrial Employment (Standing Orders) Act, 1946; 
- The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohib
ition and Redressal) Act, 
- 2013; 
- The Equal Remuneration Act, 1976; and 
- The Child and Adolescent Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986 
 
In order to rationalize and reform labour laws in India, the Go vernment of India has notified four labour codes 
which are yet to come into force as on the date of this Information Memorandum, namely: 
 
(i) The Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 20 20 received the assent of the 
President of India on September 28, 2020, and proposes to subsu me certain existing legislations, 
including the Factories Act, 1948, the Contract Labour (Regulat ion and Abolition) Act, 1970, Motor 
Transport Workers Act, 1961 and the Inter-State Migrant Workmen  (Regulation of Employment and 
Conditions of Service) Act, 1979. This code proposes to provide for, among other things, standards for 
===== [PAGE 66 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
66  
health, safety and working conditions for employees of establis hments, and will come into effect on a 
date to be notified by the Central Government; 
  
(ii) The Industrial Relations Code, 2020 received the assent of the President of India on September 28, 2020, 
and proposes to subsume three existing legislations, namely, the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947, the Trade 
Unions Act, 1926 and the Industrial Employment (Standing Orders) Act, 1946. The Industrial Relations 
Code, 2020 will come into effect on a date to be notified by the Central Government; 
 
(iii) The Code on Wages, 2019 received the assent of the President of India on August 8, 2019. Through its 
notification dated December 18, 2 020, the Government of India b rought into force certain sections of 
the Code on Wages, 2019. The remaining provisions of this code will be brought into force on a date to 
be notified by the Government of India. It proposes to subsume four separate legislations, namely, the 
Payment of Wages Act, 1936, the Minimum Wages Act, 1948, the Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 and the 
Equal Remuneration Act, 1976; and 
 
(iv) The Code on Social Security, 2020 received the assent of the President of India on September 28, 2020. 
Through its notification dated April 30, 2021, the Government o f India brought into force section 142 
of the Code on Social Security, 2020. The remaining provisions of this code will be brought into force 
on a date to be notified by the Government of India. It proposes to subsume several separate legislations 
including the Employee’s Compensation Act, 1923, the Employees’  State Insurance Act, 1948, the 
Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 19 52, the Employment Exchanges 
(Compulsory Notification of Vacancies) Act, 1959, the Maternity  Benefit Act, 1961, and the Payment 
of Gratuity Act, 1972 
 
Tax Legislations 
 
The tax related laws that are applicable to our Company include the Income-tax Act, 1961, the Income Tax Rules, 
the Customs Act, 1962, Customs Tariff Act, 1975, Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017, local body tax in respective 
states and Finance Act, 1994 and various applicable tax notifications and circulars. 
 
Income-tax Act, 1961 (“Income Tax Act”) 
 
The Income Tax Act is applicable to every company, whether domestic or foreign whose income is taxable under 
the provisions of this Act or Rules made there under depending upon its “Residential Status” and “Type of 
Income” involved. The Income Tax Act provides for the taxation of persons resident in India on global income 
and persons not resident in In dia on income received, accruing or arising in India or deemed to have been 
received, accrued or arising in I ndia. Every company assessable  to income tax .under the Income Tax Act is 
required to comply with the provisions thereof, including those relating to tax deduction at source, advance tax, 
minimum alternative tax, etc. 
 
GST Laws 
 
The Goods and Services Tax (“GST ”) is levied on supply of goods  or services or both jointly by the Central 
Government and state governments. It is governed by the GST Cou ncil. GST provides for imposition of tax on 
the inter state supply of goods or services and will be levied by the Central Government on intra-state supply of 
goods or services and by the state government including union t erritories. The GST law is enforced by various 
acts viz. Central Goods and Services Act, 2017, relevant state’s Goods and Services Act, 2017 , Union Territory 
Goods and Services Act, 2017 , I ntegrated Goods and Services Act, 2017 , Goods and Services (Compensation 
to States) Act, 2017 and various rules made thereunder. 
 
 
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 67 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
67  
HISTORY AND CERTAIN CORPORATE STRUCTURE 
 
Our Company was incorporated on August 30, 2022, under the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. The CIN of 
the Company is U29256MH2022PLC389649. Registered office of the Company is situated at Forbes Building, 
Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai, 400 001, Maharashtra. There h as been no change in the registered office of 
the Company since its incorporation. 
 
Major events in the history of Company 
Year Event 
2022 Incorporated  
The Board approved the Scheme of Arrangement among Forbes & Com pany Limited, Forbes 
Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited and their respective shareholders 
2024 NCLT approved the Scheme of Arrangement in February 2024
 
Main Objects of the Company 
 
The main objects of the Company as per Clause III(A) of the Memorandum of Association are as under: 
 
To  carry on business  of  manuf acturers,  importers,  exporter s, buyers, sellers,  traders, dealers,   distributors,   
service   providers   of   engineering   and  electrical   products  and services  including  taps, carbon and/or  steel  
taps, drills,  rotary burrs, tools,  threading tools,  grinding  tools,  measuring  tools,  hand tools,  precision  tools,  
tools  of  any kind, jigs,   fixtures,   dies,   spare  parts,  accessories,   filtering   materials,   designs,   patterns, 
plants,  apparatus, equipment,  machinery,  machine  parts  and  to carry on such other activities  as may be  
incidental  or conducive  or advantageously  carried  on with  any of the above activities. 
 
Changes in the activities of our Company since incorporation 
 
There have been no changes in the activities of our Company sin ce incorporation, which may have a material 
adverse effect on our profits or loss, including discontinuance of our lines of business, loss of agencies or markets 
and similar factors. 
 
Details regarding material acqui sitions or divestments of busin ess/undertakings, mergers and 
amalgamation, and revaluation of assets since incorporation 
 
Our Company has not acquired any material business or undertake n any mergers or amalgamations or 
divestments of business or undertaking since incorporation. 
 
Launch of key products or services , entry into new geographies or exit from existing markets, capacity/ 
facility creation or location of plants 
 
For details of key products or services launched by our Company, entry into new geographies or exit from existing 
markets, capacity/ facility creation, location of our manufactu ring facilities, see “ Our Business” beginning on 
page 56 of the Information Memorandum. 
 
Subsidiary Company 
 
We do not have any subsidiary company as on the date of this Information Memorandum. 
 
Associate Company  
 
We do not have any associate company as on the date of this Information Memorandum. 
 
Strategic Partners / Joint Venture 
 
We do not have any strategic partner or joint venture as on the date of the Information Memorandum. 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 68 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
68  
Financial Partners 
 
As on the date of the Information Memorandum, we do not have any other financial partners. 
 
Defaults or rescheduling or restructuring of borrowings from financial institutions or banks 
 
There are no defaults or rescheduling or restructuring of borrowings with financial institutions or banks. 
 
Material agreements 
 
There is no subsisting material agreement entered by our Company since incorporation other than in the ordinary 
course of business. Further, there is no agreement entered into by a KMP or Director or Promoter or any employee 
of our Company, either by themselves or on behalf of any other person, with any shareholder or any other third 
party with regard to compensation or profit sharing in connecti on with the dealings in the securities of our 
Company. 
 
Scheme of Arrangement 
 
The Hon’ble NCLT has sanctioned the Scheme vide Order dated Feb ruary 9, 2024 (certified copy received by 
the Company on February 22 2024). For more details relating to the Scheme, please refer to the Section titled 
“Scheme of Arrangement” on page 42 of this Information Memorandum. 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 69 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
69  
OUR MANAGEMENT 
 
As per the provision of the Companies Act, 2013, we shall not h ave less than 3 and more than 15 Directors on 
our Board of Directors  
 
As on the date of this Information Memorandum, our Board has 6 Directors, comprising of 1 Executive Director, 
2 Non-Independent Non-Executive Directors and 3 Independent Dir ectors including one Woman Director. The 
composition of the Board of Dir ectors is in compliance with Sec tion 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The following table sets forth certain details regarding the Board 
of Directors as on the date of the Information Memorandum: 
 
Name, DOB, Father’s Name, Designation, Address, 
Occupation, Date of appointment, Term, 
Nationality and DIN 
Age 
(Years) 
Other Directorships 
Name: Mahesh Chelaram Tahilyani 
Father’s Name: Sh. Chelaram Nihalchand Tahilyani 
Date of Birth: 26/09/1964 
Designation: Managing Director  
Address: 802, Tower 5, Rustomjee Ozone CHS 
Limited, Goregoan Mulund Link Road, Behind 
Goregaon Telephone Exchange, Goregaon (West), 
Mumbai 400104 
Occupation: Service 
Date of Appointment: April 1, 2024  
Term: Upto March 31, 2027 
Nationality: Indian 
DIN: 01423084 
59 Indian Companies   
 Next Gen Publishing Private 
Limited 
 Forvol International Services 
Limited 
 Forbes & Company Limited 
 Forbes Bumi Armada Limited 
 Shapoorji Pallonji Infrastructure 
Capital Company Private Limited 
 
LLP 
Nil 
Name: Jai Laxmikant Mavani    
Father’s Name: Sh. Laxmikant Manilal Mavani  
Date of Birth: 04/09/1971 
Designation: Non-Executive Non-Independent 
Director 
Address: 1702, Building No.5, Raheja Classic, New 
Link Road., Next to Infiniti Mall, Andheri West, 
Mumbai - 400053  
Occupation: Service 
Date of Appointment:  March 30, 2024 
Term: Upto ensuing Annual General Meeting and liable 
to retire by rotation.  
Nationality: Indian 
DIN: 05260191 
52 Indian Companies 
 Gopalpur Ports Limited 
 Forbes Technosys Limited 
 Simar Port Private Limited 
 Shapoorji Pallonji And Company 
Private Limited 
 Superbon Hospitality Ventures 
Private Limited 
 Shapoorji Pallonji Infrastructure 
Capital Company Private Limited 
 Dharamtar Infrastructure Private 
Limited 
 Shapoorji Pallonji Energy Private 
Limited 
 SP Port Maintenance Private 
Limited 
 Forbes & Company Limited 
 
LLP 
 Superbon Advisors LLP 
 
===== [PAGE 70 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
70  
Name, DOB, Father’s Name, Designation, Address, 
Occupation, Date of appointment, Term, 
Nationality and DIN 
Age 
(Years) 
Other Directorships 
Name: Marzin Roomi Shroff 
Father’s Name: Sh. Roomi Shroff 
Date of Birth: 23/091965 
Designation: Chairman - Non-Executive Non-
Independent Director  
Address: 201, GAI Building, 647 B, Khareghat Road, 
Dadar (East), Mumbai – 400 014 
Occupation: Professional 
Date of Appointment:  March 30, 2024 
Term: Upto ensuing Annual General Meeting and liable 
to retire by rotation. 
Nationality: Indian 
DIN: 00642613 
 
59 Indian Companies 
Nil 
LLP 
Nil 
 
Name: Sivanandhan Dhanushkodi  
Father’s Name: Sh. Perumalsamy Dhanushkodi 
Date of Birth: 03/02/1951 
Designation: Non- Executive Independent Director   
Address: S/O Dhanushkodi, B/1803, Ashok Towers, 
Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Road, Parel,   
Mumbai,  400012  
Occupation: Professional  
Date of Appointment: March 30, 2024 
Term: Upto March 29, 2027 
Nationality: Indian 
DIN: 03607203 
73      Indian Companies 
 AGS Transact Technologies 
Limited 
 Kirloskar Industries Limited 
 S D Fine-Chem Limited 
 Arka Fincap Limited 
 Arka Financial Holdings Private 
Limited 
 Ashok Leyland Defence Systems 
Limited 
 Inditrade Capital Limited 
 Securus First Digital Services 
Private Limited 
 Securus First India Private Limited 
 United Spirits Limited 
 Forbes & Company Limited 
 
LLP 
Nil 
 
Name: Rani Jadhav Ajit  
Father’s Name: Sh. Kartar Singh 
Date of Birth: 02/06/1948 
Designation: Non- Executive Independent Director  
Address: 409, Shalaka, Maharshi Karve Marg, Opp. 
Cooperage Football Ground, Cooperage, Mumbai, 
Nariman Point, Mumbai-  400021 
Occupation: Professional 
Date of Appointment: March 30, 2024 
Term: Upto March 29, 2027 
Nationality: Indian 
DIN: 07070938  
 
75 Indian Companies 
 Procter & Gamble Health Limited 
 Forbes & Company Limited 
 Forbes Campbell Finance Limited 
 
LLP 
Nil 
===== [PAGE 71 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
71  
Name, DOB, Father’s Name, Designation, Address, 
Occupation, Date of appointment, Term, 
Nationality and DIN 
Age 
(Years) 
Other Directorships 
Name: Nikhil Jaysinh Bhatia  
Father’s Name: Sh. Jaysinh Dwarkadas Bhatia 
Date of Birth: 07/04/1958 
Designation: Non- Executive Independent Director  
Address: S / O  J a y s i n h  D w a r k a d a s  B h a t i a ,  5 / B ,  K e v a l  
Mahal, 64, Marine Drive, Near Wankhede Stadium, 
Mumbai -  400020  
Occupation: Professional 
Date of Appointment: March 30, 2024 
Term: Upto March 29, 2027 
Nationality: Indian 
DIN: 00414281  
 
65 Indian Companies 
 Forbes Bumi Armada Limited 
 Gokak Textiles Limited 
 Gokak Power & Energy Limited 
 Forbes & Company Limited 
 
LLP 
    Nil 
 
Brief Profile of Directors 
 
Mr. Mahesh Chelaram Tahilyani 
 
He is a Finance professional with over 37 years of strong busin ess / finance experience in variety of roles and 
assumed positions of increasing responsibility in Finance and G eneral Management areas. His past experiences 
include handling and leading finance function, handling and lea ding strategic projects include corporate 
restructuring, managing large projects (Information Technology), setting up a shared service organisation and he 
i s  c u r r e n t l y  h e a d i n g  b u s i n e s s e s  a s  a  M a n a g i n g  D i r e c t o r .  H e  w a s  also recognized and awarded for various 
initiatives in his present and earlier companies. 
 
Mr. Jai Lakmikant Mavani 
 
He has worked with firms like Arthur Andersen, KPMG and PWC and  h a s  i n d u s t r y  s p e c i a l i z a t i o n  i n  
Infrastructure, Real Estate and Private Equity and his skills i nclude fund raising, business structuring, Mergers 
& Acquisitions, tax and regulatory and investment. He has skill s and expertise in Fund raising, business 
structuring, Finance and Tax, Mergers and Acquisition and Business Governance. 
 
Mr. Marzin Roomi Shroff 
 
He is aged around 58 years, holds a Chartered Marketer from the  Chartered Institute of Marketing, UK, and an 
MBA in Marketing. In a career spanning almost three decades, Mr . Marzin has acquired multi-dimensional 
experience in Direct Selling, Digital, Advertising, Strategy, Luxury Branding and International Business. He was 
Managing Director of Erstwhile Eureka Forbes Limited. His respo nsibility at Eureka Forbes is ‘Thought 
Leadership’, ‘Talent Leadership’, and ‘Brand Leadership’. He wa s responsible for cultivating talent, as well as 
nurturing Brands such as “Aquaguard”, and “Euroclean”. His cont ribution to the improvement in water quality 
(internationally) has been recognised by Water Quality Associat ion USA by awarding him with ‘International 
Award of Merit’. 
  
Mr. Sivanandhan Dhanushkodi  
 
He joined IPS during 1976 being allotted to Maharashtra State w here he served in different capacities all over 
the State. He retired as the Dir ector General of Police of Maharashtra State during 2011. He is currently on the 
Board of Directors of various companies. Mr. D. Sivanadhan has skills and expertise in Public Policy and General 
Administration, Business Development, Business and Corporate Governance, Security -IT Domain Expertise. 
 
Ms. Rani Jadhav Ajit 
 
She is an IAS (retd) having worked for 38 years in the Indian A dministrative Services before retiring from the 
position of the Chairperson, Mumbai Port Trust in the rank of Secretary, Government of India. Ms. Rani Jadhav 
===== [PAGE 72 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
72  
during her IAS held a number of senior positions in government both at the Central and State levels and therefore 
is well acquainted with all aspects of public administration in  India. She was associated with the highest levels 
of decision making in the government. 
 
Mr. Nikhil Jaysinh Bhatia 
 
He has 38 years of experience in the areas of corporate tax, tr ansfer pricing, Expatriate Taxation, Foreign 
Exchange Regulations. He was the partner of CNK & Associates LL P, he had been with KPMG for 13+ years 
and with PWC for 10+ years. He has wide experience in Corporate Tax, Transfer Pricing, Business Restructuring, 
Expatriate Taxation, Company Law and Foreign Exchange Regulatio n s  a n d  F o r e i g n  D i r e c t  I n v e s t m e n t s .  
Recognised by Global Bhatia Foundation for his achievement in r eaching the coveted positions of Partner in 
India Member firms of KPMG and PWC as also for inspiring young chartered accountants for achieving higher 
positions. 
 
Relationship between the Directors 
 
None of the Directors are related to each other. 
 
None of our Directors, have held or are holding directorships in any listed companies whose shares have been or 
were suspended from being traded on the BSE and / or the NSE or whose shares have been or were delisted from 
the stock exchange(s). We also confirm that: 
 
 We have not entered into any arrangement or understanding with our major shareholders, customers, 
suppliers or others, pursuant to which our Director were select ed as Director or member of Senior 
Management. 
 We have not entered into any service contracts with our Managin g Director / Whole Time Director which 
provide for any benefit upon termination of employment. 
 
Remuneration of our Directors  
 
Our Company is not paying any remuneration to the Directors of the Company. Howev er, Non-executive 
Directors are entitled for a sitting fee of INR 50,000 for every Board meeting and Committee meeting attended 
by them w.e.f. April 1, 2024. I ndependent Directors are entitle d for INR 50,000 for every Board meeting and 
Committee meeting attended by them. In addition, commission may be paid as may be approved as per the rules 
and regulations. 
 
Remuneration to Managing Director  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 and Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, remuneration payable to 
the Managing Director for the FY 2024-25 is as follows: 
 
Particulars Amount (INR) 
Salary & Perquisites 2,54,06,200
Other- Employer Contribution to provident and other funds 12,70,416
Variable Pay / Performance Pay 1,33,38,308
Total Gross Remuneration 4,00,14,924
 
In addition to the above, he shall be entitled to gratuity, lea ve and other benefits in line with his employment 
contract and the policies of the company. 
 
Borrowing Powers of the Board 
 
Our Articles of Association, subject to applicable law, authori ze our Board to raise or borrow money or secure 
the payment of any sum or sums of money for the purposes of our  Company. Pursuant to a special resolution 
passed on January 16, 2024, our shareholders in their Extra Ord inary General Meeting authorized our Board to 
borrow from time to time such sums of money as may be required under Section 180(1)(c) of Act, provided that 
such amount shall not exceed ₹ 500 crores. 
 
===== [PAGE 73 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
73  
Corporate Governance 
 
Applicable provisions of the Companies Act with respect to corporate governance and the provisions of the SEBI 
LODR Regulations, as amended from time to time, will be applica ble to our Company upon the listing of the 
Equity Shares with BSE Limited. 
 
Our Company is in compliance with the corporate governance code in accordance with Companies Act and SEBI 
LODR Regulations, as amended fro m time to time, particularly th ose relating to composition of Board of 
Directors and constitution of committees thereof. The corporate governance framework is based on an effective 
independent Board, separation of the Board supervisory role fro m the executive management team and 
constitution of the Board Committees, as required under law. Our Board has been constituted in compliance with 
the Companies Act and the SEBI LODR Regulations. The Board func tions either as a full board, or through 
various committees constituted to oversee specific operational areas. 
 
Composition of Board of Directors 
 
Currently, the Board of Directors of our Company has an optimum combination of executive and non-executive 
Directors as envisaged in accordance with Act and SEBI LODR Reg ulations. Our Board has 6 Directors, 
comprising of 1 Executive Director, 2 Non-Executive Non-Indepen dent Directors and 3 Independent Directors 
(including one woman Director). Our Company has constituted the  following Committees in compliance with 
the corporate governance norms: 
 
1. Audit Committee 
 
The Audit Committee was constituted with effect from April 1, 2 024 in accordance with the requirements of 
Section 177 of the Companies Act and Regulation 18 of the SEBI LODR Regulations. The Audit Committee 
presently comprises of: 
 
Sr. No. Name of Member Designation 
(Chairman / Member) 
Category 
1. Nikhil Jaysinh Bhatia Chairman Non-Executive, Independent
2. Mahesh Chelaram Tahil yani Membe r Managing Director
3. Sivanandhan Dhanushkodi Membe r Non-Executive, Independent
 
The Company Secretary of our Company shall act as a Secretary to the Audit Committee. 
 
Scope and Terms of Reference: 
 
The Audit Committee shall have powers, including the following: 
 
1) to investigate any activity within its terms of reference; 
 
2) to seek information from any employee; 
 
3) to obtain outside legal or other professional advice; 
 
4) to secure attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise, if it considers necessary; and 
 
5) such other powers as may be prescribed under the Companies Act and the SEBI LODR Regulations. 
 
The role of the Audit Committee shall include the following: 
 
1) oversight of the listed entity’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information 
to ensure that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible; 
2) recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appoi ntment of auditors of the listed 
entity;  
3) approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;  
===== [PAGE 74 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
74  
4) reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements  and auditor's report thereon before 
submission to the board for approval, with particular reference to:  
a) matters required to be included in the director’s responsibilit y statement to be included in the 
board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;  
b) changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;  
c) major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management;  
d) significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings;  
e) compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements; 
f) disclosure of any related party transactions; 
g) modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report;  
5) reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial statements before submission to the board for 
approval; 
6) reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / applica tion of funds raised through an issue 
(public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than 
those stated in the offer docume nt  /  p r o s p e c t us  /  n ot i c e  a nd  t he report submitted by the monitoring 
agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of a 408[public i ssue or rights issue or preferential issue 
or qualified institutions placement], and making appropriate re commendations to the board to take up 
steps in this matter;  
7) reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence and perform ance, and effectiveness of audit 
process;  
8) approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the listed entity with related parties;  
9) scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;  
10) valuation of undertakings or assets of the listed entity, wherever it is necessary; 
11) evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;  
12) reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and in ternal auditors, adequacy of the 
internal control systems;  
13) reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, incl uding the structure of the internal audit 
department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage 
and frequency of internal audit; 
14) discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow up there on; 
15) reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is 
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting 
the matter to the board;  
16) discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as 
well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;  
17) to look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the paymen t to the depositors, debenture holders, 
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors;  
18) to review the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism; 
19) approval of appointment of chief financial officer after assess ing the qualifications, experience and 
background, etc. of the candidate;  
20) Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the audit committee  
21) reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/invest ment by the holding company in the 
subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower 
including existing loans / advances / investments existing as o n the date of coming into force of this 
provision. 
22) consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger, 
amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its shareholders. 
23) Carrying out any other functions required to be carried out by the Audit Committee, as may be decided 
by the Board and/or as provided under the Companies Act, the SE BI LODR Regulations or any other 
applicable law, as and when amended from time to time. 
 
Further, the Audit Committee shall mandatorily review the following information:  
 
1) Management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations;  
2) Management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;  
===== [PAGE 75 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
75  
3) Internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses;  
4) the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal auditor shall be subject to review 
by the audit committee  
5) Statement of deviations:  
• Quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to 
stock exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1) of SEBI LODR Regulations.  
• Annual statement of funds utilized for purposes other than thos e stated in the offer document/ 
prospectus/notice in terms of Regulation 32(7) of LODR regulations. 
 
2. Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee was constituted with effect from April 1, 2024 in accordance with 
the requirements of Section 178 of the Companies Act and Regula tion 19 of the SEBI LODR Regulations. The 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee presently comprises of: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of Member Designation 
(Chairman / 
Member) 
Category 
1. Sivanandhan Dhanushkodi Chairman Non-Executive, Independent
2. Marzin Roomi Shroff Membe r Non-Executive, Non-Independent
3. Nikhil Jaysinh Bhatia Membe r Non-Executive, Independent
 
The Company Secretary of our Com pany shall act as a Secretary t o the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee.  
 
The role of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall inter alia include the following: 
 
1) formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director 
and recommend to the board of directors a policy relating to, t h e  r e m u n e r a t i o n  o f  t h e  d i r e c t o r s ,  k e y  
managerial personnel and other employees  
2) For every appointment of an independent director, the Nominatio n and Remuneration Committee shall 
evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, 
prepare a description of the role and capabilities required of an independent director. The person 
recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent dire ctor shall have the capabilities 
identified in such description. For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the Committee may  
• use the services of an external agencies, if required; 
• consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and 
• consider the time commitments of the candidates. 
3) formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent directors and the board of directors;  
4) devising a policy on diversity of board of directors;  
5) identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and w ho may be appointed in senior 
management in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recom mend to the board of directors their 
appointment and removal.  
6) whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the in dependent director, on the basis of the 
report of performance evaluation of independent directors.  
7) recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management. 
8) Carrying out any other functions as may be delegated by the Boa rd of Directors of the Company, as 
provided under the Companies Act, the SEBI LODR Regulations or any other applicable law, as and when 
amended from time to time. 
 
3. Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee 
 
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee was constituted with e ffect from April 1, 20 24 in accordance with 
the requirements of Section 178 of the Companies Act and Regula tion 20 of the SEBI LODR Regulations. The 
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee presently comprises of: 
 
===== [PAGE 76 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
76  
Sr. 
No. 
Name of Member Designation 
(Chairman / Member) 
Category 
1. Rani Jadhav A jit Chairperson Non-Executive, Independent
2. Sivanandhan Dhanushkodi Membe r Non-Executive, Independent
3. Mahesh Chelaram Tahil yani Membe r Managing Director 
 
The Company Secretary of our Company shall act as a Secretary to the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee.  
 
The role of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee shall inter alia include the following: 
 
1) Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the Company , including complaints related to 
transfer/transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared  dividends, issue of 
new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc.; 
2) Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders; 
3) Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the Company in respect of various services being 
rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent; 
4) Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the Com pany for reducing the quantum of 
unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend war rants/annual reports/statutory notices by 
the shareholders of the company; and 
5) Carrying out any other functions as may be delegated by the Boa r d  o f  D i r e c t o r s  o f  t h e  C o m p a n y ,  a s  
provided under the Companies Act, the SEBI LODR Regulations or any other applicable law, as and when 
amended from time to time.  
 
4. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
  
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was constituted with effect from April 1, 2024 in accordance 
with the requirements of Section 135 of the Companies. The Stak eholders’ Relationship Committee 
presently comprises of: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of Member Designation 
(Chairman / Member) 
Category 
1. Sivanandhan Dhanushkodi Chairman Non-Executive Independent
2. Mahesh Chelaram Tahil yani Membe r Managing Director
3. Marzin Roomi Shroff Membe r Non-Executive Non-Independent
 
The Company Secretary of our Company shall act as a Secretary to the Finance Committee 
 
The scope and function of the CSR Committee and its terms of reference shall include the following: 
 
(1) formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social Respon sibility Policy which shall indicate the 
activities to be undertaken by the company in areas or subject,  specified in Schedule VII of the Companies 
Act, 2013; 
(2) recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities referred above; 
(3) monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the company from time to time; 
(4) ensure that the activities as are included in Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the company are 
undertaken by the company; 
(5) Carrying out any other functions or duties as prescribed under Section 135 or other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder as amended fr om time to time or as may be entrusted 
by the Board from time to time. 
 
5. Finance Committee 
  
The Finance Committee was constituted with effect from April 1,  2024. The Finance Committee presently 
comprises of: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of Member Designation 
(Chairman / Member) 
Category 
1. Jai Lakmikant Mavani Chairman Non-Executive Non-Independent
===== [PAGE 77 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
77  
2. Mahesh Chelaram Tahil yani Membe r Managing Director
3. Marzin Roomi Shroff Membe r Non-Executive Non-Independent
 
The Company Secretary of our Company shall act as a Secretary to the Finance Committee 
 
The terms of reference of the Finance Committee shall include: 
a) To approve short term/long terms l oans/ cash credit, overdraft and facilities as may be authorised 
by the Board from time to time; 
b) Opening/closing of bank accounts;  
c) Addition/deletion of signatories and authorization for operation of bank accounts by the officials of 
the Company; and 
d) Such other functions/duties as may be entrusted by the Board from time to time.” 
 
Interests of Directors 
 
1. Directors of our Company may be deemed to be interested to the extent of any remuneration payable to them 
as per the terms of their appointment or the fees, if any, payable to them for attending meetings of the Board 
or committees thereof as well as to the extent of reimbursement of expenses payable to them. 
 
2. Further, the Directors are interested to the extent of equity s hares that they are holding and are allotted to 
them pursuant to the Scheme, and also to the extent of any dividend payable to them and other distributions 
in respect of the equity shares. 
 
3. Except as stated otherwise in this Information Memorandum, our Company has not entered into any contract, 
agreement or arrangement since incorporation to the date of thi s Information Memorandum in which the 
Directors are directly or indirectly interested. 
 
Shareholding of our Directors 
 
The Directors of the company doesn’t hold any shares in our Com pany as on the date of this Information 
Memorandum, except Mr. Jai Mavani who was holding 2,032 Shares in the Demerged Company and pursuant to 
the Scheme of Arrangement would be allotted 8,128 shares in the Company. 
 
Changes in the Board of Directors in the last 3 years 
 
Except the following, there has been no change in the Board of Directors of our Company during the last three 
years: 
 
Name of Director Date of appointment Date of cessation Reason for change 
Ravinder Chander Prem A u gust 30, 2022 March 31, 2024 Due to professional commitments
Nirmal Chandmal Jagawat A u gust 30, 2022 March 31, 2024 Due to professional commitments
Rupa Pawan Khanna Au gust 30, 2022 March 31, 2024 Due to professional commitments
 
  
===== [PAGE 78 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
78  
 
Management Organization Chart 
 
 
Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management 
 
Apart from the Managing Director, the following are the KMP and  Senior Management Personnel of our 
Company: 
 
Name Designation Age 
(years) 
Qualificatio
n 
Experienc
e (years) 
Date of 
Joining 
as KMP 
Previous 
Employment 
Rupa Khanna Company 
Secretary and 
Compliance 
Officer 
36 B.Com, 
M.Com, 
ACS, LLB 
10 April 1, 
2024 
Forbes & 
Company 
Limited 
Vikram Nagar Chief Financial 
Officer 
50 ICWAI 23 April 1, 
2024 
Forbes & 
Company 
Limited
 
Ms. Rupa Khanna  is an associate member of the Institute of Company Secretaries  of India, LLB, M.Com 
(Finance) and B.Com Accountancy & Finance with over 10 years of  experience with Listed and Unlisted 
Companies managing Secretarial, Regulatory Compliances, Corporate Law Affairs, Legal Function, conducted, 
Corporate Restructuring etc. She  w a s  C o m p a n y  S e c r e t a r y  &  C o m p l iance Officer of Forbes & Company 
Limited. 
 
Mr. Vikram Nagar was working as corporate finance controller of Forbes & Company Limited. He is a fellow 
member of the Institute of Cost and Management Accountant of India having 23 years of experience in the areas 
of finance, accounts, budgeting, Costing, MIS, financial and op erational Controls (IFC) and Risk 
management.  He is associated with Shapoorji Pallonji Group com panies/ subsidiaries since March 2016 and 
over the years, occupied various positions. He has served 13 ye ars as Chief financial officer in Oerlikon/ 
Fairfield Drive systems group companies. He has served as Brand ambassador for the Oerlikon/ Fairfield Drive 
systems group companies on pan India basis and implemented costing & MIS system in Drive segment across 
group companies within and outside India. He has good experienc e in the areas of business and financial 
management with special focus on operational strategy, governan ce, Budgeting & Costing, Operational & 
financial Controls, Strong MIS reporting and supporting busines s growth and scaling of business. He is well 
versed in handling commercial, financial, taxation, regulatory matters. He is a technology and process driven 
person, keen on implementing the new ways of doing business and ease out the processes. 
 
Relationship between KMP and Directors 
 
None of our KMP are related to any of the Directors of the Company. 
 
Portion of the compensation or otherwise was paid pursuant to a  bonus or profit-sharing plan for the 
previous financial year: Nil 
 
 
 
 
 
Board of Director
Managing Director
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
===== [PAGE 79 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
79  
Shareholding of our KMPs 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name and Designation of KPM Number of Shares Percentage of 
Shareholding (%) 
1. Mr. Vikram Na gar Nil Nil 
2. Ms. Rupa Khanna 4 0.00
 
Changes in the KMPs in the last 3 years 
 
Except the following, there has been no change in the KMPs of our Company during the last three years: 
 
Name of KMP Date of appointment Date of cessation Reason for change 
Vikram Nagar 
(Chief Financial Officer) 
April 1, 2024 NA Appointed as Chief Financial 
Officer pursuant to the Scheme 
becoming effective
Rupa Khanna 
(Company Secretary & 
Compliance Office
r 
April 1, 2024 NA Appointed as Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer pursuant to 
the Scheme becoming effective
 
  
===== [PAGE 80 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
80  
OUR PROMOTERS AND PROMOTER GROUP 
 
The Promoter of our Company is: Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited  
 
Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited (“SPCPL”) was originally incorporated on January 23, 
1943 under the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 1913. Th e Corporate Identification Number of the 
SPCPL is U45200MH1943PTC003812. The Registered Office of SPCPL is situated at 70, Nagindas Master 
Road, Fort, Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400023.The Company is engaged Interalia in construct, execute , carry out, 
improve, work, develop, administer, repair, manage or control in India, and any part of the world suitable works 
and conveniences of all kinds of which expression in the Memorandum includes railways, docks, harbours, piers, 
wharves, canals, reservoirs, emb ankments, irrigations, reclamat ion, improvement, sewage, drainage, sanitary, 
water, gas, electric light, telephonic, telegraphic and power supply works, factories, mills and hotels, warehouse, 
markets and buildings private or public and all other works or conveniences whatsoever and generally to carry 
on the business of Builders and Contractors, Sanitary Plumbers,  Engineers, Architects, Surveyors, Estimators 
and Designers with Civil. Military, Naval or Air Force. The PAN of SPCPL is AAACS6994C.
 
The ultimate beneficial owners of SPCPL are Mr. Shapoorji Pallo nji Mistry, Mr. Firoz Cyrus Mistry and               
Mr. Zahan Cyrus Mistry. 
 
Board of Directors of Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited: 
 
The Board of Directors of SPCPL as on date of this Information Memorandum are: 
 
S.No. Name DIN Designation 
1. Roshen Minocher Nentin 00004884 Whotetime Directo r
2 Firoze Kavshah Bhathena 00010075 Wholetime Directo r
3. Kekoo Hom ji Colah 00377478 Directo r 
4. Jai Laxmikant Mavani 05260191 Wholetime Directo r
5. Akhil Kumar Gupta 03188873 Wholetime Directo r
6. Shapoor ji Pallonji Mistry 00010114 Directo r 
7. Pallon Shapoor ji Mistry 05229734 Directo r 
8. Mohan Dass Saini 05260237 Directo r 
 
Shareholding pattern of SPCPL as on date of this Information Memorandum is: 
 
S.No. Name Number of equity 
shares 
Percentage (%) 
1 S P Finance Private Limite d 33,62,02,900 47.69
2 S C Finance and Investment Private Limite d 33,62,02,900 47.69
3 Sterling Investment Corporation Private 
Limited 90,38,100 1.28
4 C yrus Investment Private Limited 90,38,100 1.28
5 Shapoor ji P. Mistry 72,55,100 1.03
6 Firoz C. Mistr y 36,27,550 0.51
7 Zahan C. Mistr y 36,27,550 0.51
8 Blue Arrow Finance Company Private 
Limited 28,000 0.00
 Total 70,50,20,200 100.00 
 
Financial Information 
 
Summary of Financial Information of Shapoorji Pallonji and Comp any Private Limited for the financial year 
ending March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 is as below: 
 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 81 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
81  
(₹ in lakhs) 
Particulars March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 March 31, 2021 
Total Income 7,95,258.04 8,57,985.46 667,007.68
Profit after Tax (67,896.56) 1,71,526.34 (139,643.49)
Equity share capital 70,502.02 70,502.02 70,502.02
Reserves & Surplus  3,10, 635.73 3,77,129.15 202,641.76
Net Worth 3,81,137.75 4,47,631.17 273,143.78
Book Value per share of face value ₹ 10 each (in 
₹) 
54.06 63.49 38.74 
Earnings per share of face value ₹ 10 each (in ₹) (9.63) 24.33 (19.81)
 
Other confirmation 
 
Our Promoter has not been declared as willful defaulters by the  RBI or any other Governmental authority 
and there are no violations of securities laws committed by them in the past or are pending against them. 
 
Our Promoter and Promoter Group have not been debarred or prohi bited from accessing or operating in 
capital markets under any order or direction passed by SEBI or any other regulatory or governmental 
authority. Our Promoter is not and have never been a promoter, director or person in control of any other 
company which is debarred or prohibited from accessing or opera ting in capital markets under any order or 
direction passed by SEBI or any other regulatory or governmenta l authority. 
 
Our Company confirms that the permanent account number, bank ac count number(s), passport number, 
Aadhar card number and driving license number, Company registra tion number, address of Registrar of 
companies, as applicable, of each of our Promoters were submitt ed to the Stock Exchanges at the time of 
filing of the Information Memorandum. 
 
Interest of Promoters 
 
Our Promoter shall be deemed as interested to the extent of equ ity shares held by them or by the companies 
/ firms / ventures promoted by them, if any and dividend or oth er distributions payable to them in respect of 
the said Equity Shares. Except as stated above and in the section titled “Financial Statements” on page 86 of 
the Information Memorandum, and to the extent of shareholding in our Company, our Promoter does not 
have any other interest in our business. 
 
Our Promoters do not have any interest in any property acquired by our Company in the three years preceding 
the date of this Information Memorandum or proposed to be acquired by our Company or in any transaction 
by our Company with respect to the acquisition of land, constru ction of building or supply of machinery. 
 
There is no amount paid or benefits granted by our Company to our Promoters or any member of the Promoter 
Group, within the two preceding years from the date of this Inf ormation Memorandum, and nor is there any 
intention to pay any amount or provide any benefit to any of ou r Promoters or members of the Promoter 
Group as on the date of this Information Memorandum, other than  in the ordinary course of business 
 
Further, no material guarantees have been given to third partie s by our Promoters with respect to Equity 
Shares of our Company. The equity shares held by the Promoter namely Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private 
Limited are proposed to be pledged in favour of Catalyst Trusteeship Limited. 
 
Disassociation by our Promoters in the last three years 
 
Our Promoters have not disassociated themselves from any signif icant venture during the three years 
preceding the date of filing of this Information Memorandum. 
 
Related party transactions 
 
For details of related party transactions refer to “
Financial Statements ” on page 86 of the Information 
Memorandum. 
 
===== [PAGE 82 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
82  
PROMOTER GROUP 
 
Forbes Campbell Finance Limited (“FCFL”) was originally incorporated on April 25, 1977 as Sarada Latham 
Business Machines Private Limited under the provisions of the C ompanies Act, 1956 and finally on June 14, 
2010, the name of the company got changed to its current name, Forbes Campbell Finance Limited. It has its 
Corporate Identity Number as U51103MH1977PLC259702. The Registered Office of the company is situated at 
Forbes’ Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai, 400-001. The company is primarily engaged in the business 
of making Investments in companies. The PAN of FCFL is AAACL0532H. 
 
Board of Directors of Forbes Campbell Finance Limited 
 
The Board of Directors of FCFL as on date of this Information Memorandum are: 
 
S.No. Name DIN Designation 
1 Rani Jadhav A jit 07070938  Director 
2 Nirmal  Chandmal Jagawat 01854117 Directo r 
3 Ravinder Chander Pre m 07771465 Directo r 
 
Shareholding pattern as on the date of this Information Memorandum 
 
S.No. Particulars Equity S hares % of  Equity Share 
Capital 
1. Forbes & Compan y Limited 38,64,125 100.00
2. Forbes & Company Limited jointly with Mr. 
Mahesh Tahilyani * 
1 0.00 
3. Forbes & Company Limited jointly with Mr. 
Prashant Pradhan * 
1 0.00 
4. Forbes & Company Limited jointly with Mr. 
Ravinder Chander Prem * 
1 0.00 
5. Forbes & Company Limited jointly with Mr. 
Vikram Nagar * 
1 0.00 
6. Forbes & Company Limited jointly with Mr. 
Aruna Kelkar * 
1 0.00 
7. Forbes & Company Limited jointly with Mr. 
Nirmal Jagawat * 
1 0.00 
 Total  38,64,131 100.00 
(*) held as a Nominee of Forbes & Company Limited 
 
Financial performance 
The audited financial results (Standalone) of Forbes Campbell F inance Limited for the financial years ended 
March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 and are set forth below. 
 
(₹ in Lakhs) 
Particulars March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 March 31, 2021 
Total Income 135.46 20.06 9.10 
Profit after Tax (863.55) (699.56)  (2,329.90) 
Equity share capital 386.41 386.41               386.41 
Other Equity 6,567.55 6,850.70 1,173.73 
Net Worth 6,953.96 7,237.11 1,560.15 
Book Value per share of face value ₹ 10 each  179 .96 187.29 40. 38 
Earnings per share of face value ₹ 10 each  (22.35) (18.10)  (6 0.30) 
 
===== [PAGE 83 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
83  
GROUP COMPANIES 
 
Given below is the list of entities which are Group Companies o f our Company as per Regulation 2(1)(t) of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations. None of the Group Companies have made any public issue in the preceding three years. 
None of the Group Company has become a sick company and is not under winding up or liquidation. For details 
on litigations and disputes pending against the Group Companies, please refer to the section titled “Outstanding 
Litigations and Material Developments” on page 88 of the Information Memorandum. 
 
Definition: "group companies", shall include such companies (other than promoter(s) and subsidiary/subsidiaries) 
with which there were related party transactions, during the period for which financial information is disclosed, 
as covered under the applicable  accounting standards, and also other companies as considered material by the 
board of the issuer. 
 
1. Forbes & Company Limited 
 
Forbes & Company Limited (“FCL”) was originally incorporated on November 18, 1919 under the provisions 
of the Indian Companies Act, 1913 and registered with the Regis trar of Companies, Mumbai. FCL is a Listed 
Company in India and its shares are traded on the BSE Limited. The CIN of FCL is L1711MH1919PLC000628. 
The Registered Office of FCL is situated at Forbes Building, Ch aranjit Rai Marg, Fort Mumbai, Maharashtra - 
400001. The Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing  and trading of engineering products, real 
estate development projects and leasing of properties. The PAN of FCL is AAACF1765A.  
 
FCL is subsidiary of Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited, and the ultimate beneficial owners of FCL 
are Mr. Shapoor Pallonji Mistry, Mr. Firoz Cyrus Mistry and Mr.  Zahan Cyrus Mistry. The Equity Shares of 
Forbes & Company Limited are listed at BSE Limited. 
 
Board of Directors of Forbes & Company Limited: 
 
The Board of Directors of FCL as on date of this Information Memorandum are: 
 
S.No. Name Designation 
1. Ravinder Pre m Whole Time Directo r
2 Mahesh Chelaram Tahil yani Non-Executive Director
3. Jai Laxmikant Mavani Non-Executive Director
4. Sivanandhan Dhanushkodi Independent Directo r
5. Rani A jit Jadhav Independent Directo r
6. Nikhil Jaysinh Bhatia Independent Directo r
 
Shareholding pattern of FCL as of March 31, 2024*: 
 
S.No. Name Number of equity 
shares 
Percentage (%) 
1 Promote r & Promoter Group 95,25,691 73.85
2 Other Shareholders 33,72,925 26.15
 Total 1,28,98,616 100.00 
*FCL being a Public Listed Company in I ndia, its number of shareholders and share holding pattern keeps changing on a daily basi s. The 
details in the table above are the same as what the Company has been obligated to file with the BSE Limited on a quarterly basis.   
 
BSE 
 
The high and low closing prices and associated volumes of securities traded during last three years are as follows: 
 
Period High 
(in ₹) 
Date of 
High 
Volume on 
date of high 
(no. of shares) 
Low 
(in ₹) 
Date of Low Volume on 
date of low 
(no. of shares) 
Weighted 
Average Price 
(in ₹) 
2023 905.00 23-11-2023 75,320 559.00 29-03-2023 6,285 695.36
2022 6774.00 10-01-2022 2,224 331.00 12-05-2022 7,241 810.23
2021 6486.00 31-12-2021 641 1300.00 26-12-2021 2,581 3417.73
===== [PAGE 84 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
84  
 
The high and low closing prices and associated volume of securi ties traded during the last six months is as 
follows: 
Period High 
(in ₹) 
Date of 
High 
Volume on 
date of high 
(no. of shares) 
Low 
(in ₹) 
Date of 
Low 
Volume on 
date of low 
(no. of shares) 
Weighted 
Average Price 
(in ₹) 
May 2024 681.80 02-05-2024 9,279 590.75 09-05-2024 4,349 655.23
April 2024 796.25 26-04-2024 36,676 461.70 19-04-2024 13,525 612.60
March 2024 1,399.00 04-03-2024 33,209 383.30* 18-03-2024 18,042 735. 73
February 2024 1,270.00 29-02-2024 40,229 815.00 01-02-2024 3,966 1,012.85
January 2024 880.00 29-01-2024 16,966 745.35 01-01-2024 1,419 815.15
December 2023 855.50 05-12-2023 9,28 7 718.00 21-12-2023 2,863 793.65
* The stock price got adjusted on account of Record date falling in the month of March 2024 for the purpose of 
allotment of shares pursuant to Scheme of Arrangement. 
 
For the purpose of aforesaid tables: 
- Year is Calendar year ending on December 31. 
- Weighted Average Price (Total Turnover / Total Traded Quantity) for all trading days during the said period. 
- High price is the maximum of the daily high prices and Low price is the minimum of the daily low prices of 
the Equity Shares of our Company for the year, or the month, as the case may be. 
- In case of two days with the same high / low, the date with higher volume has been considered. 
 
Financial performance 
 
The audited financial results of Forbes & Company Limited  for the financial years ended March 31, 2023, 
2022 and 2021 are set forth below. 
(₹ in Lakhs) 
Particulars March 31, 
2024** 
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 
Total Income 14,626.00 46,173.56 24,874.36
Profit after Tax 2,034.00 23,859.16 4,13,294.21*
Equity share capital 1,289.86 1,289.86 1,289.86
Reserves & Surplus  10,905.00 19,395.31 2,612.34
Net Worth 12,194.86 20,685.17 3,902.20
Book Value per share of face value ₹ 
10/- each (in ₹) 94.54 160.37 30.25 
Earnings per share of face value ₹ 
10/- each (in ₹) 15.77 184.95 3,203.83^ 
 
* There has been a one-time ex ceptional item of INR 4,52,875.74  Lakhs pertaining to notional gain on 
distribution of Demerged undertaking to Owners. 
 
^ The Earnings per Share is calculated after giving adjustments for Exceptional items. Before Exceptional items, 
the Earnings per Share is INR 24.83. 
 
**Upon the Scheme of Arrangement becoming effective from March 01, 2024, the Precision Tools business of 
Forbes & Company Limited, including all its assets and liabilities is transferred to and vested in Forbes Precision 
Tools and Machine Parts Limited with effect from the appointed date i.e., April 01, 2023. 
  
===== [PAGE 85 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
85  
DIVIDEND POLICY 
 
The Company does not have a formal dividend policy vis-à-vis th e equity shares. The declaration and payment 
of dividend on the Equity Shares will be recommended by our Boa rd and approved by the shareholders of our 
Company at their discretion and will depend on several factors,  including the results of operations, earnings, 
capital requirements and surplus, general financial conditions,  contractual restrictions, applicable Indian legal 
restrictions and other factors co nsidered relevant by the Board . Further, the Board may  also declare interim 
dividend in accordance with the provisions of the Act. 
 
Our Company has not declared any dividend since incorporation. 
 
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 86 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
86  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Index to Financial Statements 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Financial Statements Page No. 
1 Audited Financial Statements for the year ended on March 31, 2024 and financial 
year ended March 31, 2023  
F-1 – F-58  
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 87 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-1
===== [PAGE 88 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-2
===== [PAGE 89 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-3
===== [PAGE 90 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-4
===== [PAGE 91 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-5
===== [PAGE 92 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-6
===== [PAGE 93 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-7
===== [PAGE 94 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-8
===== [PAGE 95 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-9
===== [PAGE 96 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-10
===== [PAGE 97 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-11
===== [PAGE 98 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-12
===== [PAGE 99 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-13
===== [PAGE 100 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-14
===== [PAGE 101 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-15
===== [PAGE 102 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-16
===== [PAGE 103 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-17
===== [PAGE 104 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-18
===== [PAGE 105 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-19
===== [PAGE 106 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-20
===== [PAGE 107 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-21
===== [PAGE 108 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-22
===== [PAGE 109 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-23
===== [PAGE 110 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-24
===== [PAGE 111 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-25
===== [PAGE 112 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-26
===== [PAGE 113 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-27
===== [PAGE 114 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-28
===== [PAGE 115 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-29
===== [PAGE 116 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-30
===== [PAGE 117 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-31
===== [PAGE 118 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-32
===== [PAGE 119 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-33
===== [PAGE 120 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-34
===== [PAGE 121 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-35
===== [PAGE 122 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-36
===== [PAGE 123 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-37
===== [PAGE 124 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-38
===== [PAGE 125 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-39
===== [PAGE 126 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-40
===== [PAGE 127 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-41
===== [PAGE 128 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-42
===== [PAGE 129 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-43
===== [PAGE 130 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-44
===== [PAGE 131 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-45
===== [PAGE 132 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-46
===== [PAGE 133 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-47
===== [PAGE 134 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-48
===== [PAGE 135 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-49
===== [PAGE 136 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-50
===== [PAGE 137 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-51
===== [PAGE 138 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-52
===== [PAGE 139 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-53
===== [PAGE 140 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-54
===== [PAGE 141 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-55
===== [PAGE 142 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-56
===== [PAGE 143 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-57
===== [PAGE 144 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
F-58
===== [PAGE 145 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
87  
STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTING RATIOS 
 
The following table presents certain accounting ratios derived from our Company’s Audited Financial Statements 
included in the section titled “Financial Statements” on page 86 of the Information Memorandum. 
 
(Amount in INR lakhs except No. of Shares) 
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2024* 
For the year 
ended March 
31, 2023 
Net Worth (A)** 13,775.33 3.83
Earnings attributable before other comprehensive income 
attributable to Equity Share Holders (B) 2,971.11 (1.18) 
Number of outstanding Equity shares for EPS (C) 5,15,94,464 50,000
Face value per share (INR / share)  10.00 10.00
EPS (INR / share)*** 110.63 (2.35)
Return on Net Worth (%) (B/A) 21.57% N.A.
Net Assets Value per share (A/C) (INR / share) 26.70 7.66
 
* After effectiveness of the Scheme 
** The above net worth has been computed as per section 2(57) of the Companies Act 
*** As per the Scheme of Arrangement, FPTL issued and allotted four fully paid-up equity shares of INR 10/- 
each for every one fully paid-up equity share of INR 10/- each held by the equity shareholders of the Demerged 
Company (FCL) as on the Record D ate. The issuance and allotment of equity shares took place on 13th March 
2024. The total number of issued and allotted equity shares is 5,15,94,464, which has been diluted for a weighted 
average equity share of 26,85,739. As per IND AS 33, the weighted average of equity shares has been calculated 
from the acquisition date. Based on the above consideration, the EPS (earnings per share) is calculated to be INR 
110.63 per share. However, if the appointed date, which is April 01, 2023, is considered as the acquisition date, 
then the EPS calculated is INR. 5.76 per share. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 146 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
88  
OUTSTANDING LITIGATIONS AND MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS 
 
Except as disclosed in this section, there are no outstanding (i) crimi nal proceedings, (ii)  actions taken by 
statutory or regulatory authorities, (iii) claims related to  direct and indirect taxes, and (iv) material litigation, 
in each case involving our Company, Promoters, Directors and Group Companies. 
 
Further, all proceedings, pending or initiated against the Demerged Company relating to the Demerged 
Undertaking (as defined in the Scheme) be continued by or against the Resulting Company.: 
 
In relation to (iv) above, the company has considered and identified material outstanding litigation as defined 
below: 
 
a) all pending litigation involving the Relevant Parties, other than criminal proceedings, tax matters, and 
statutory or regulatory actions, would be considered ‘material’ if (i) the monetary amount of claim by or 
against the entity or person in any such pending pro ceeding is in excess of 1% of standalone net worth of 
the Company as on March 01, 2024, that is, INR 1,34,00,000 (Rupees One Crore and Thirty Four Lakhs), 
or (ii) pending proceedings involving the Relevant Parties, wherein a monetary liability is not quantifiable, 
but whose outcome may have a bearing on the business, operations or prospects or reputation of the 
Company; 
b) involving the Directors of the Company whose outcome may have a bearing on the business, operations or 
reputation of the Company, has been considered as material; and 
c) all criminal proceedings whether complaints, first in formation reports, bail applications or otherwise 
wherein our Company, Directors, Promoter and Group Company is a party;  
d) in relation to the Group Companies, for the purpose of disclosures in this Information Memorandum, other 
than criminal proceedings, tax matters, and statutory or regulatory actions, would be considered ‘material’ 
if (i) the monetary amount of claim by or against the entity or person in any such pending proceeding is in 
excess of 1% of standalone net profit of the respective group company or 1% of Net worth of the respective 
group company whichever is higher, or (ii) pend ing proceedings involving the group company, wherein a 
monetary liability is not quantifiable, but whose outcome may have a bearing on the business, operations 
or prospects or reputation of the Company; 
 
Save as disclosed below, there are no:  
 
 outstanding civil or tax proceedings involving our Company, Directors and Promoter in which the pecuniary 
amount involved is in excess of the Materiality Threshold.  
 outstanding actions initiated or show-cause notices issued by regulatory authorities such as SEBI or RBI or 
the Stock Exchanges or MCA, Registrar of Companies or any other  such similar authorities, involving our 
Company, Directors, Promoters and Group Companies.  
 outstanding criminal proceedings filed by or against our Compan y, Directors, Promoter and Group 
Companies.  
 defaults in or non-payment of any statutory dues by our Company.  
 litigations or legal actions pending or taken against our Promoter by a Government department or a statutory 
body during the last three years immediately preceding the year of this Information Memorandum.  
 inquiries, inspections or investigations initiated or conducted under the Securities laws or Companies Act or 
any previous companies’ law in t he last three years immediately  preceding the year of issue of this 
Information Memorandum against our Company and if there were any prosecutions filed (whether pending 
or not); fines imposed or compounding of offences done in the l ast three years immediately preceding the 
year of this Information Memorandum for the Company.  
 outstanding litigation involving our Company, Directors, Promot er, or any other person, whose outcome 
could have material adverse effect on the position of our Compa
ny, or which may affect the Issue or an 
investor’s decision to invest in the Issue.  
 pending proceedings initiated against our Company for economic offences.  
 material frauds committed against our Company in the last three years preceding the date of this Information 
Memorandum and actions taken by our Company in this regard. 
 
 
 
===== [PAGE 147 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
89  
There are no pending material litigations, involving our Compan y, our Promoter and Director, except the 
following and  
 
I. Involving our Company 
 
 Against our Company 
 
A. Criminal Proceedings 
 
NIL 
 
B. Civil Proceedings 
 
NIL 
 
 By our Company 
 
A. Criminal Proceedings 
 
1. Forbes & Company Limited v. M/s SP Precision Tools & Ors. 
The Complaint under section 138 of the Negotiable Instrument Act as been filed by Forbes & Company 
Limited against S P Precision T ools and its Partners, As the ch eque issued by S P Precision Tools 
towards payment of material supplied by Forbes & Company Limite d was dishonoured due to 
insufficient funds. The matter involves an amount of Rs. 9,45,918/- and is pending before Metropolitan 
Magistrate Courts, George Town. 
 
2. Forbes & Company Limited v. V.J. Mineral Water Industry 
Forbes & Company Limited had su pplied Ink-jet printing machines  of Rs.1,25,000 to V J Minerals 
Industries. V J Minerals had issued 3 Cheques of Rs. 50,000/-, Rs. 50,000/- and Rs. 25,000/- respectively 
drawn on State Bank of India, Coimbatore. The cheques were pres ented with SCB, Chennai and were 
dishonoured with endorsement 'Exceeds Arrangement' by memo dated 27.7.2009. Hence, the case filed 
u/s 138 of the Negotiable Instrument Act. The matter involves a n amount of Rs. 1,25,000/- and is 
pending before Metropolitan Magistrate Courts, George Town. 
 
B. Civil Proceedings 
 
NIL 
 
C. Regulatory and Statutory proceedings  
 
NIL 
 
D. Material Tax proceedings  
 
NIL 
 
II. Involving our Promoter, that is, Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited (SPCPL) 
 
A. Criminal proceedings 
 
By our Promoter 
 
1. Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited v. Bengal Iron C orporation and Ors.  
(55/0800080/2019) 
 
SPCPL has filed criminal defamation case against Bengal Iron an
d Ors. At 8th Addl. Chief 
Metropolitan Magistrate Esplanade case no. 55/0800080/2019. The matter is currently pending.  
 
===== [PAGE 148 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
90  
2. Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Pr ivate Limited v. State of Guja rat and Ors (Cr. Misc. 
Appeal 14387/2018) 
 
FIR has been registered by Vadodara Rural Police Station at the instance of Hinaben who claims that 
various companies (12 in numbers) were guilty of abatement of suicide by her husband. SPCPL has 
filed the Petition to quash FIR. Interim Orders passed in favou r of SPCPL against State of Gujarat 
and Ors in High Court of Ahmedabad through case no. Cr. Misc. Appeal 14387/2018. The matter is 
currently pending  
 
Against our Promoter 
 
1. Trinity MEP Services v. Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited 
 
Trinity MEP Services has filed criminal case against SPCPL for alleged non-payment of its dues of 
Rs. 2,89,31,711/-. SPCPL has challenged the initiation of criminal proceedings against it by filing 
a Petition before the High Court. The High Court by its order d ated August 26, 2023, was pleased 
to grant stay in favour of SPCP. The matter is currently pending  
 
2. State of Maharashtra through Ant i-Corruption Bureau, Raigad v. Shapoorji Pallonji and 
Company Private Limited (Criminal Appeal No.1051 of 2019) 
 
Directorate of Enforcement had f iled Second Appeal in the Bomba y High Court [under the 
provisions of Section 42 of the PMLA] being Criminal Appeal No.  1051 of 2019 along with 
Criminal Application No. 736 of 2019 for condonation of delay. By an Order dated 29.7.2019, the 
Condonation Application mentioned above was allowed by the Division Bench of the Bombay High 
Court.  The Appeal was admitted vide order dated 11.03.2020.  The SPCPL had filed Special Leave 
Petition bearing SLP(CRL) No.3109-3110 of 2020 before the Hon’ble Supreme Court challenging 
the Order dated 11th March 2020 passed by the Hon’ble High Cour t Bombay in Criminal Appeal 
No.1051 of 2019.  However, the SLP came to be withdrawn as reco rded in the order dated 27th 
January 2021 passed by the Supreme Court whereby the Supreme Court also observed that the High 
Court may consider the preliminary objection as to maintainabil ity of the Criminal Appeal. It is 
submitted that a preliminary objection would necessarily have to be heard and decided prior in time 
before the Appeal admitted or taken up for final hearing. 
 
In view thereof, SPCPL had filed Criminal Interim Application bearing No.724 of 2021 in Criminal 
Appeal No.1051 of 2019 before High Court, Bombay for recalled and / or modified and / or varied 
the order dated 11th March 2020 to provide for the preliminary objection to the maintainability of 
the Criminal Appeal recorded in the orders dated 18th December 2019 and 4th February 2020 to be 
heard and decided prior in time. The said Interim Application is pending for hearing. 
 
3. Inspector of Factory WB v. Subodh Dixit and Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private 
Limited (Criminal Application No. 1323 of 2023) 
Inspector of Factory, West Bengal has filed Complaint under BOC W Act against Subodh Dixit 
before Chief Judicial Magistrate, Alipur. The matter is currently pending.  
 
4. State of Kerala (Legal Metrology) v. DLF Projects Ltd & Ors (SPCPL) (ST/0100668/2021) 
State of Kerala (Legal Metrology) has filed case against DLF Projects Ltd & Ors (SPCPL) for weigh 
bridge issue (violations of the provisions of Legal Metrology A ct and Rules made thereunder) 
before the JMFC, Kakkanad. The matter is currently pending.  
 
B. Material Civil proceedings  
 
Involving Our Promoter 
 
1. Makson Engineering through its proprietor, Jagdish Makwana, (“ Petitioner”) has initiated 
arbitration proceedings against SPCPL. The Petitioner is a sub- contractor hired by SPCPL. There 
was negligence to meet the timelines and inadequate supply of m anpower, compelling SPCPL to 
reduce the scope of work. The Petitioner failed and neglected to fulfil labour payment and statutory 
===== [PAGE 149 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
91  
compliances. SPCPL terminated the work of the Petitioner. The P etitioner invoked arbitration 
clause but did not adhere to the  clause and arbitrarily appoint ed an arbitrator and thereafter filed 
arbitration application before the Bombay High Court and by way  of a court order Retd. Justice 
A.K. Menon was appointed sole arbitrator. Claim of the Petition er is ₹ 3891.100 lakhs. SPCPL 
counter claim is Rs. 2302 lakhs. The matter is currently pending.  
 
2. SPCPL has filed arbitration against Raheja Developers Limited ( “RDL” )  i n v o k e d  f o r  r e a l i s i n g  
various claims amounting to Rs. 5,769 lakhs and counter claim o f Rs. 2533 lakhs. SOC was filed 
on August 11, 2018 and SOD & CC reply on February 6, 2019. Matt er is under suspension since 
RDL was declared insolvent.  
 
3. SPCPL has filed arbitration agains t Raheja Developers Limited ( “RDL”) invoked for realising 
various claims amounting to Rs. 1717 lakhs and counter claim of Rs. 373 lakhs SOC filed on August 
11, 2018 and SOD & CC reply on February 6, 2019. Arbitration wa s in moratorium due to NCLT 
order on August 20, 2019 against RDL.  
 
4. An Arbitration is invoked by both Black Canyon and SPCPL against each other. SPCPL’s claim is 
₹ 550 lakhs and Black Canoyon’s claim is ₹ 11,111 lakhs. The matter is currently pending.  
 
5. SPCPL has initiated an arbitration proceedings against Bhavnaga r Energy Company Limited, for 
recovery of various claims amounting to INR 4002.8 lakhs. The t ribunal passed award dated 
26.11.2020 in favour of SPCPL and allowed claims of Rs. 249,78,31,286/- (Rupees Two Hundred 
and Forty-Nine Crores Seventy-Eight Lakh Thirty-One Thousand Tw o Hundred and Eighty Six 
only) along with interest at the rate of 12% per annum from 24. 03.2017 till the date of realisation. 
Arbitral Tribunal also allowed the costs of Rs. 1,50,71,147/- ( R u p e e s  O n e  C r o r e  F i f t y  L a k h  
Seventy-One Thousand One Hundred Forty-Seven only) along with i nterest @12% p.a. from the 
date of the award i.e., 20.03.2020 till the date of realisation. BECL challenged the award by filing 
petition u/s 34 of Arbitration and Conciliation Act, bearing no . 1 of 2021, before the commercial 
Court at Bhavnagar. SPCPL also filed application for execution of the award. Both the applications 
are pending before the courts. 
 
6. SPCPL invoked Arbitration against Steel Authority of India Limited (“SAIL”) wherein SAIL failed 
to pay outstanding dues, retention money along with prolongation claim approval inspite of project 
getting delay by 5.5 years for reasons attributable to client SPCPL invoked arbitration before ICA. 
The claim amount filed by SPCPL is ₹ 18,968 lakhs. The matter is currently pending  
  
7. SPCPL invoked Arbitration against Steel Authority of India Limi ted (SAIL) wherein SAIL failed 
to pay outstanding dues, retention money along with prolongatio n claim approval before 
International Commercial Arbitration. SOC filed on 8.9.2021. The claim amount filed by SPCPL is 
₹ 16,705 lakhs. SOD not submitted yet. SPCPL nominated Justice Aftab Alam as arbitrator. 
Respondent nominated arbitrator yet to be officially confirmed. The matter is currently pending.  
 
8. SPCPL invoked Arbitration against West Bengal Housing Board (WBHB) on 28.04.2023 for claim 
amount of Rs. 179,12,93,037.00 & nominated Justice L. Nageswara Rao as our nominee arbitrator. 
WBHB rejected all claims and did not agree to arbitrator nominated by SPCPL & proposed Justice 
Jyotirmoy Bhattacharya as their nominee arbitrator. SPCPL filed  Sec 11 before Calcutta HC for 
appointment of Sole Arbitrator. On 27.07.2023 Calcutta HC appointed Retd Justice K.M. Joseph to 
act as Arbitrator to resolve the disputes. On 26.08.2023 he den ied continuing with the Arbitration 
due to the disagreement on the fees by WBHB. SPCPL thereafter m ade an application before HC 
Calcutta for substitution of Arb itrator. Retd Justice V. Ramasu bramanian was appointed as Sole 
Arbitrator on 12.09.2023. Sole Arbitrator appointed by the Calc utta High Court on 12.09.2023. 
Respondent is to file its Statement of Defence and Counter Claim (if any). The matter is currently 
pending.  
 
9. SPCPL invoked arbitration HLL Biotech Limited, due to failure of parties to reconcile outstanding 
dues. The award was passed against SPCPL disallowing all the claims of SPCPL and allowing the 
counter claims of HLL amounting to Rs. 3261 lakhs. SPCPL has ch allenged the award before the 
Hon'ble Madras High Court. The matter is currently pending. 
===== [PAGE 150 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
92  
 
10. SPCPL invoked arbitration Jhabua Power Limited (JHPL) due to non-payment of outstanding dues 
SOC filed in Mar'17. SOD & CC filed in Apr'17. Arbitration is in moratorium. NCLT order passed 
on 26.07.2018.NCLT action initiated, IRP appointed. New IRP (Mr. Abhilash Lal) recognized the 
claim and listed SPCPL as opera tional creditor and admitted its  claim for notional amount of Rs. 
“1” SPCPL sought advise from counsel regarding admission of cla im on notional amount of Rs. 
“1” and counsel confirmed that no further action is required from SPCPL end. SPCPL have issued 
a letter on 08.09.2022 to IRP and Jhabua for approval of Resolution Plan Claim amount is Rs. 1905 
lakhs and counter claim is Rs. 1,000 lakhs. The matter is currently pending.  
 
11. SPCPL invoked arbitration against Union of India, due to non-pa yment of outstanding dues 
amounting to Rs. 14500 lakhs. The matter is currently pending. 
 
12. SPCPL has filed Arbitration against The Indure Private Limited (Indure) in front of Sole Arbitrator 
(Gita Mittal) for amounting to Rs. 5,96,800 lakhs. Indure forced Company to wrongfully extend the 
PBG inspite the project got commissioned in June '2014, Indure encashed 400 lakhs PBG dtd 
10.2.2021 and Company have filed petition u/s 25 for non-submis sion of SOD by Indure. Indure 
filed application u/s 16 w.r.t barring of limitation. As per tribunal instruction filed appln u/s 31 (6) 
in place of Section 16. Arbitrat or upheld Respondent’s applicat ion under section-31 (6) of A&C 
Act & adjudicated that the claims are barred by limitation. Ord er received on 16.8.2022, against 
dismissal of arbitration Company had challenged in Delhi High C ourt. The matter is currently 
pending.  
 
13. SPCPL has filed Arbitration against Reward Real Estate (RRE) in  front of Sole Arbitrator (S.P. 
Kurdukar) amounting to Rs.6692 lakhs and counter claim amounting to Rs. 13,567 lakhs. To pursue 
outstanding dues of 484 lakhs , in 2011 Company approached cour t, As a result of proceedings, 
court appointed arbitrator u/s 11 of A & C Act, SOC was filed on 03.06.2013, SOD & CC filed on 
21-12-2013, Cross-examination of Company was concluded on 29.06 .2019 and Claimant's 
argument was concluded. The matter is currently pending.  
 
14. SPCPL has filed Arbitration against Rattan India Power Limited and Elena Power and Infrastructure 
Limited in Supreme Court amounting to Rs. 18922 lakhs case no. SLP (c) 612400/2021. SPCPL 
has filed against the Order 7th April, 2021 wherein the disputes arising out of BoP works were held 
to be not Arbitrable on grounds that there is no agreement betw een the parties for referring their 
disputes arising out of the Additional works in Supreme Court, Arbitration stage to resume once 
extension is granted by Supreme court. NCLT petition of Company rejected, hence SPCPL moved 
to NCLAT. NCLAT matter to be pursued. Amount involved is ₹ 1892 2 lakhs. The matter is 
currently pending.  
 
 
15. SPCPL has initiated an arbitration proceeding against Sinner Th ermal Power Limited (STPL), 
(“Respondent”), for execution of the award of an amount INR 651 9 lakhs. Award received on 
22.4.2022 in favour of SPCPL INR 6519 lakhs (principal amount).  They have filed section 34. 
NCLT admitted in July 2022. The matter is currently pending.  
 
16. SPCPL has initiated an arbitration proceeding against Sarth Engineering and Constrution Pvt. Ltd. 
(Sub-contractor to SPCPL) (“Respondent”) for an amount of INR 5 010 lakhs, as the Respondent 
had abandoned works. Arbitration proceedings concluded. Award p ronounced on February 08, 
2014 in favour of SPCPL of INR 2260 lakhs against claim of INR 3359 lakhs. The petitioner has 
filed petition under section 36 in District court. The matter is currently pending.  
 
17. SPCPL has initiated an arbitration proceeding against Lily Real ty Pvt Ltd (Pashmina Developer), 
(“Respondent”) for an amount of INR 91,960 Lakhs for non-payment of outstanding dues, further 
the Respondent has raised a counter claim against the petitioner for an amount of INR 61630 Lakhs. 
Arbitration tribunal had granted  interim relief for INR 900 Lak hs. SPCPL had filed execution 
petition for the same. Respondent had filed writ petition again st court order for attaching Lily’s 
moveable property worth INR 900 Lakhs and Petitioner had filed objection to Respondent writ 
petition. Matter was listed on September 15, 2022 before Karnat aka High Court (“ High Court”) 
===== [PAGE 151 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
93  
and High Court dismissed Respondents writ petition CW1, CW2, RW 1 cross examination 
concluded. The matter is currently pending.  
 
18. SPCPL has initiated an arbitration proceeding against Korba West Power Company Limited (Now 
Raigarh Energy Generation Ltd) (KORBA) (“ Respondent”) for INR 2944 Lakhs. KORBA went 
into Resolution Process and accord ingly, NCLT-Ahmedabad had pas sed order based on the RP's 
recommendations of the plan. Resolution Professional (RP) has n ot considered SPCPL's claim as 
the matter is in Arbitration. SPCPL submitted its appeal before  NCLAT- New Delhi Bench, for 
adjudicating such rejection. Final Judgement received on 23.02.2023 wherein the Tribunal has not 
set aside the Resolution Plan but directed SPCPL to continue wi th the pending Arbitrations. An 
appeal has been filed by Adani Power Limited before the Hon’ble  Supreme Court against the 
Judgement dated 23.02.2023 passed by NCLAT and final Judgement given on 24.03.2023 where 
Hon’ble Supreme court stated that although SPCPL can proceed wi th all legal remedies, incl. 
arbitration, however, even if the award is in favour of SPCPL, it will have no bearing on the rights 
and obligations of Adani Power, whose liability shall be governed only by the approved Resolution 
Plan. Last hearing held on 17.08.2023 where nobody participated for the respondent and respondent 
failed to deposit share of the A rbitrator's fee so the counterclaim raised by the respondent stands 
dismissed. The matter is currently pending.  
 
19. SPCPL has initiated an arbitration proceeding against Korba West Power Company Limited (Now 
Raigarh Energy Generation Ltd) (KORBA) (“Respondent”) for an am ount on INR 1577 Lakhs. 
KORBA went into Resolution Process and accordingly, NCLT-Ahmeda bad had passed order 
wherein Resolution Professional (RP) has not considered SPCPL's  claim as the matter is in 
Arbitration. SPCPL filed appeal before NCLAT- New Delhi Bench, for adjudicating such rejection. 
Final Judgement received on 23.02.2023 wherein the Tribunal has not set aside the Resolution Plan 
but directed SPCPL to continue with the pending Arbitrations. A n appeal has been filed by Adani 
Power Limited before the Hon’ble Supreme Court against the Judgement dated 23.02.2023 passed 
by NCLAT and final Judgement given on 24.03.2023 where Hon’ble Supreme court stated that 
although SPCPL can proceed with all legal remedies, incl. arbitration, however, even if the award 
is in favour of SPCPL, it will have no bearing on the rights and obligations of Adani Power, whose 
liability shall be governed only by the approved Resolution Pla n. Arguments completed on 
22.05.2023. Award awaited.  
 
20. SPCPL has filed an application before the High Court of Cuttack (“High Court”), against SEPCO 
Electric Power Construction Corporation (“Respondent”) for execution of decree of amount INR 
4697 Lakhs. The details of Next date of hearing are awaited. The matter is currently pending.  
 
21. SPCPL has initiated an arbitration proceeding against the Uttar Pradesh Awas Evam Vikas Parishad 
(UP Awas) for recovery of amount of INR 10,644 Lakhs for restraining and preventing respondent 
from continuing bidding process, protection against invoking of  Bank Guarantee. The court has 
provided stay order by order under Section 9 of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. Further 
the petitioner has filed the Statement of Claims (“SOC”) on March 24, 2022 and the respondent has 
filed the Statement of Defence (“SOD”) September 31, 2022. Further a Rejoinder was filed by the 
petitioner on September 26, 2022. In addition to the Arbitration proceedings, Respondent has filed 
a Special Leave petition challenging the order passed in Sectio n 11 before the Apex Court. The 
same has been listed for arguments.  
 
22. SPCPL has initiated an arbitration proceeding against the Centr al Public Work Department 
(CPWD), Union of India (UOI), (“Respondent”) for an amount of INR 23,952 Lakhs for recovery 
of claims of losses and damages, Non-payment of certified dues,  Wrongful invocation of Bank 
Guarantees. Further application under Section 17 was filed by Petitioner for protection of PBG. The 
tribunal ordered in favour of the petitioner with respect to the said application and ordered the UOI 
to release INR 5,504 Lakhs on receipt of BG by petitioner. The petitioner has submitted the Bank 
Guarantee with UOI on September 04, 2023 and the amount of INR.  5,721 lakhs (incld interest) 
received on December 22, 2023. An  appeal under Section 37 again st the award has been filed by 
the Union of India before The Delhi High Court. Further the Respondent has to file the rejoinder to 
the arguments on April 23, 2024.  
 
===== [PAGE 152 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
94  
23. SPCPL has initiated an arbitration proceeding against the Centr al Public Work Department 
(CPWD), Union of India (UOI), (“Respondent”) for an amount of INR 11,656 Lakhs recovery of 
Non-payment of claims for losses and damages, Non-payment of ce rtified dues, wrongful 
invocations of Bank guarantees. Further application under Secti on 17 was filed by Petitioner for 
protection of PBG and MABG. The tribunal ordered in favour of t he petitioner with respect to the 
said application. The petitioner has filed Statements of Claims (“SOC”) on September 26, 2023. In 
response to the said SOC, Statement of Defence (“ SOD”) was filed by CPWD on November 23, 
2023. The petitioner is under process of filing the Rejoinder t o the SOD. The matter is currently 
pending. 
 
24. SPCPL has filed a petition under Section 9 of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 before the 
High Court of Kerela (“High Court”) against the Union of India, (“Respondent”) challenging the 
order of termination of the Contract and unlawful invocation of Bank Guarantees. The said petition 
was returned back by court and in consequence Writ petition was  filed by the petitioner under 
Article 226 of the Constitution of India. The respondent had submitted that out of INR 9,451 Lakhs, 
bank guarantee to the extent of INR 7800 Lakhs had already been invoked by the Union. The court 
directed the respondent not to in voke the remaining guarantee a mounting to a sum of INR 1,650 
Lakhs until February 27, 2024 and to maintain the status quo fo r such period which would imply 
that the respondent will not direct immediate removal of the ma chineries and that, if the labourers 
are being accommodated in the campus, the same should continue. The court has further granted a 
stay order by way of an order dated February 27, 2024, to conti nue to maintain status quo for a 
period of two weeks from the order. The matter is currently pending.  
 
25. KBC Infrastructures Pvt Ltd v. Shapoorji Pallonji and Company P rivate Limited (CP(IB)-
3886(MB)/2019) The matter involves a claim of 155 lakhs and is pending before NCLT- Mumbai. 
 
26. SA Engineering v. Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limite d (C.P.(IB)-896/2023) The 
matter involves a claim of 123 lakhs and is pending before NCLT- Mumbai. 
 
27. M/s Popular Switch Gears Pvt Ltd v. Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited  The matter 
involves a claim of 281 lakhs and is pending before NCLT- Mumbai. 
 
C. Material Tax proceedings 
 
Involving our Promoter 
 
Particulars Amount involved (in lakhs) 
Direct Taxation 9598.81
Indirect Taxation 7645.50
 
D. Statutory and Regulatory proceedings 
SPCPL had received a show cause notice No. SEBI/HO/EAD-5/AN/NS/ 62718/1/2022 dated December 
19, 2022 (“Notice”) in the matter of non-convertible debentures issued by SPCPL for ₹ 20,000 lakhs that 
were listed on the wholesale debt segment of BSE, for a short p eriod of time between June 9, 2020 to 
March 31, 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic (“ NCDs”). The Notice had charged SPCPL with the 
alleged failure to comply with various disclosure obligations u nder the SEBI LODR Regulations in 
connection with the NCDs. By way of an adjudication order dated  August 30, 2023, SEBI has levied a 
penalty of ₹ 7 lakhs for the alleged non-compliances, which has  been paid by SPCPL on September 7, 
2023.  
 
III. Involving our Directors 
 
A. Criminal proceedings  
 
NIL 
 
 
B. Material Civil proceedings  
===== [PAGE 153 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
95  
 
NIL 
 
C. Material Tax proceedings 
 
NIL 
 
D. Statutory and Regulatory proceedings  
 
NIL 
 
IV. Involving our Group Companies which has a material impact on our Company 
 
 Against our Group Company 
 
A. Criminal Proceedings 
 
1. Forbes & Company Limited v. West Isle Fashions Pvt. Ltd. And Ors. 
West Isle was appointed as Distributor by Forbes & Company Limited and had supplied garments stocks 
to them. As Forbes & Company Limited did not received payment from West Isle a  criminal complaint 
is filed against them for cheating. The matter for an amount of  Rs. 63,54,699/- is pending before the 
Chief Metropolitian Court, Esplanade Court, Mumbai. 
 
2. Forbes & Company Limited v. State of Maharashtra and Ors. 
Forbes & Company Limited has filed this Special Criminal Petition in the Bombay High Court to grant 
leave to make the Court Receiver party in the Execution Application which Forbes wants to file in the 
Small Causes Court for Exection of order passed in TE & R Suit no. 23/23 of 2003. 
 
B. Civil Proceedings 
 
3. The Board of Trustees of the Port of Mumbai v. Punjab Con-Cast Steel Ltd.(Nahar Intl.); State 
Bank of Patiala; Forbes & Company Limited & APL(India) P. Ltd. 
The Suit was files by the Board of Trustees of the Port of Mumb ai against American President Lines 
Limited and the consignees claiming their demurrage charges in respect of ground rent. Forbes & 
Company Limited was an agent of its Shipping Principal American  President Lines Limited under a 
Sub-Agency Agreement. The Agreem ent protected the interests of Forbes & Company Limited as an 
agent for claims pertaining to the agency period. The indemnity  provisions survive the termination of 
the Agreement, thus safeguarding the interests of Forbes & Company Limited. Defendants to pay  jointly 
and severally to the Plaintiff a  sum of  Rs.16,42,08,899 together with interest at 18% p.a. from the date 
of filing of the suit till payment and/or realisation. The matter is pending before the Bombay High Court. 
 
4. Aparna Properties Private Limited v. Forbes & Company Limited and others 
The suit for specific performance filed by Aparna Properties limited against Forbes & Company Limited 
and others with respect to flat situated in Volkart House, Bhul abhai Desai Road Mumbai. The matter 
for an amount of Rs. 32,00,00,000/- is pending before the Bombay High Court. 
 
5. Killick Nixon Ltd. and Anuj Kumar Rathi v. Forbes & Company Limited & Others 
The Appeal filed by Aparna Properties Private Limited against the order passed by the trial court in the 
suit for Eviction whereby Aparna Properties along with others were directed to vacate and handover the 
possession of the suit premises to Forbes & Company Limited. Th e matter for an amount of Rs. 
5,00,00,000/- is pending before the Bombay High Court. 
 
 
 
6. Ms. Prudhvi Nadh Nooney & Others v. Forbes & Company Limited 
The Complaint in MahaRERA filed by Prudhvi Nadh Nooney, Ashwin Poojari and Praveen Noney for 
damages for delayed possession of flat purchased by them from Forbes & Company Limited. The matter 
for an amount of Rs. 3,55,04,371/- is pending before the Maha RERA Mumbai. 
===== [PAGE 154 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
96  
 
 By our Group Company 
 
A. Criminal Proceedings 
 
NIL 
 
B. Civil Proceedings 
 
1. Forbes & Company Limited v. Sulzer Pumps India Limited 
Sulzer Pumps India Limited had placed order with Forbes & Compa ny Limited for purchase of  
customized turbines equipment. When the order was ready for dispatch Sulzer declared itself frustrated 
on account of a force majeure event occurred at its nagarjuna p roject site. Forbes filed the said 
application for Specific Perform ance for Rs. 2,55,04,779/- The matter is pending before the Bombay 
High Court. 
 
2. Forbes & Company Limited v. Wilo Mather and Platt Pumps Limited 
Wilo Mather and Platt Pumps Limited had placed order with Forbes & Company Limited for purchase 
of customized turbines equipment. When the order was ready for dispatch Wilo Mather and Platt Pumps 
Limited declared itself frustrated on account of a force majeure event occurred at its Nagarjuna project 
site. Forbes filed the said app lication for Specific Performanc e for Rs. 14,59,99,954/- The matter is 
pending before the Bombay High Court. 
 
C. Regulatory and Statutory proceedings  
 
NIL 
 
D. Material Tax proceedings  
 
NIL 
 
 
Other Material Development after the date of last Audited Financial Statements as on March 01, 2024 
 
In the opinion of our Board, except for approval of Scheme by t he Hon’ble NCLT, there have not arisen since 
the date of the last audited financial statements, i.e., March 01, 2024, any circumstances that materially or 
adversely affect or are likely to affect our profitability take n as a whole or the value of our assets or our ability 
to pay our material liabilities within the next 12 months. 
 
  
===== [PAGE 155 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
97  
GOVERNMENT AND OTHER APPROVALS 
 
Our Company was incorporated under Companies Act and has the following registrations 
 
a) Certificate of incorporation dated August 30, 2022, issued by the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai to our 
Company 
 
b) The Corporate Identity Number of our Company is U29256MH2022PLC389649I. 
c) Material approvals in relation to our Company’s business and operations are provided below:*  
  
S. 
No. 
Particulars of License License/ Consent/ 
Approval/ Ref No. 
Issuing Authority Date of 
Issuance / 
Renewal 
Date of 
Expiry 
1.  License to Store 
Compressed gas in 
pressure vessel or 
vessels 
S/WC/MH/03/356(
S101649) 
Petroleum & Explosives 
Safety Organization 
(PESO), Department for 
Promotion of Industry 
and Internal Trade, 
Ministry of Commerce 
and Industry 
December 
15, 2021 
September 
30, 2026 
2. Final No Objection 
Certificate from Fire 
Safety point of view 
MIDC/Fire/D-
52165 
Maharashtra Industrial 
Development 
Corporation
December 
31, 2020  
 
3. 1st Consent to Operate 
for Expansion & 
Renewal of Existing 
Consent to Operate 
along with their 
amalgamation under 
Oran
ge category 
ORANGE/L.S.I 
(O36) 
No:- 
Format1.0/APAE 
Section/UAN 
No.0000140491/CR
/2211000929
Maharashtra Pollution 
Control Board 
November 
11, 2022 
July 31, 
2026 
4. Factory License 
(Waluj)  12350 Directorate of Industrial 
Safety and Health
December 
23, 2023  
December 
31, 2024
5. FactoryLicense   (Chik
althana)  100008764 Directorate of Industrial 
Safety and Health
December 3, 
2023 
December 
31, 2024
6. Consent to operate 
under Section 26 of the 
Water Act, 1974 & 
under Section 21 of the 
Air Act, 1981 and 
Authorization / 
Renewal of 
Authorization under 
R u l e  5  o f  H & O W  
(M&TM) rules 2016 
MPCB-CONSENT-
0000119698 
Maharashtra Pollution 
Control Board 
September 
1,2021 
April 30, 
2024 
7. Certificate of Stability  AEW/2021/FLC/A
05 
Abhinav Engineering 
Works
January 22, 
2021 
 
 
* The above licenses are in the name of the Demerged company and are in the process of transfer in the name 
of our Company. 
  
===== [PAGE 156 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
98  
 
A.  Tax related approvals obtained by our Company 
  
S. 
No. 
Nature of 
Registration/ 
License 
Registration/ License 
No. 
Issuing 
Authority 
Date of 
Issue / 
Renewal 
Date of 
Expiry 
1.  PAN AAFCF2015G Income Tax 
Department 
30/08/2022 Not 
Applicable 
2.  TAN MUMF11855E Income Tax 
Department
30/08/2022 Not 
Applicable
3.  Goods and Services 
Tax Registration  
27AAFCF2015G1Z1 The Central 
Board of 
Indirect 
Taxes and 
Customs
26/12/2022 Not 
Applicable 
 
Clause 4.5 of the Scheme: 
Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, all permits, quotas, 
rights, entitlements, licenses including those relating to tenancies, privileges, power, facilities of every 
kind and description of whatsoever nature, leave and license agreements, trade mark licenses, copyrights 
including application for registration of trademarks or copyrig hts, storage & warehousing agreements, 
commission agreements, lease agreements, hire purchase agreements, franchise agreements in relation 
to the Demerged Undertaking to which the Demerged Company is a party or to the benefits of which 
the Demerged Company may be eligible and which are subsisting o r having effect immediately before 
the Effective Date, shall be and remain in full force and effect in favour of or against Resulting Company 
as the case may be, and may be enforced as fully and effectuall y, as if, instead of the Demerged 
Company, the Resulting Company had been a party or beneficiary or obligee thereto or thereunder. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 157 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
99  
OTHER REGULATORY AND STATUTORY DISCLOSURES 
 
Authority of Listing 
 
The Hon’ble NCLT has approved the  Scheme, vide its Order dated February 09, 2023 (certified copy received 
by the Company on February 22, 2024). For more details relating to the Scheme please refer to the Section titled 
“Scheme of Arrangement” on page 42 of this Information Memorandum.  
 
In accordance with the said Scheme, the equity shares of our Co mpany issued pursuant to the Scheme shall be 
listed and admitted to trading on the BSE. Such listing and admission for trading is not automatic and is subject 
to fulfillment by the Company of criteria of BSE and also subje ct to such other terms and conditions as may be 
prescribed by BSE at the timeof application by our Company seek ing listing. Our Company has received no 
objection from BSE on the Scheme of Arrangement under Regulatio n 37 of the SEBI LODR Regulations vide 
their letter nos. DCS/AMAL/TL/R37/2816/2023-24 dated July 07, 2023. 
 
The Company has received approv al for listing of its equity sha res on BSE vide their letter no. 
DCS/AMAL/TL/IP/3158/2024-25 dated April 26, 2024. Further, the Company has also received a letter bearing 
no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR/RAC-1/P/OW/2024/17446/1 dated May 22, 2024 from the SEBI in relation to 
relaxation from applicability of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR for listing of the equity shares of Resulting Company 
on BSE. 
 
Eligibility Criterion 
 
There being no Initial public offering or rights issue, the eligibility criteria in terms of Chapter II of SEBI ICDR 
Regulations do not become applicable. However, SEBI vide its ma ster circular SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-
2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 as amended from time to time, has subject to certain conditions, permitted 
unlisted issuer companies to make an application for relaxing f rom the strict enforcement of Rule 19(2)(b) of 
SCRR, as amended. Our Company h as submitted its Information Mem orandum, containing information about 
itself, making disclosure in line with the disclosure requireme nt for public issues, as applicable, to Stock 
Exchanges, for making the said Information Memorandum available  to public through their website viz. 
www.bseindia.com. Our Company has made the said Information Memorandum availabl e on its website 
www.forbesprecision.co.in. Our Company has published an advertisement in the newspapers c ontaining its 
details in line with the details required as per the above-mentioned circular on June 03, 2024. The advertisement 
draws specific reference to the availability of this Information Memorandum on its website. 
 
Prohibition by SEBI 
 
Our Company, its Promoters, its Promoter Group, its directors have not been prohibited from accessing the capital 
market or debarred from buying, selling or dealing in securities under any order or direction passed by SEBI or 
any securities market regulator in any other jurisdiction or any other authority/court.  
 
Further, none of our Directors is a director or promoter of any  other company which is currently debarred from 
accessing the capital markets by SEBI. 
 
Association with the Securities Market 
 
Further, none of the directors of the Company are associated with the securities market in any manner, and SEBI 
has not initiated any action against any entity, with whom the directors of the Company are associated in the past 
five years preceding the date of this Information Memorandum. 
 
Willful defaulters by RBI 
 
The Company, its promoter, its promoter group (as per the Compa nies Act) and other companies promoted by 
the Promoter are not identified as willful defaulters by RBI or other authorities. 
 
Fugitive Economic Offences 
 
===== [PAGE 158 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
100  
None of our Promoters or Directors are declared as a fugitive economic offender under section 12 of the Fugitive 
Economic Offenders Act, 2018. 
 
Compliance with Companies (Significant Beneficial Ownership) Rules, 2018 
 
Our Company, Promoters and Promoter Group are in compliance wit h the Companies (Significant Beneficial 
Ownership) Rules, 2018 to the extent applicable. 
 
Disclaimer clause of SEBI  
 
“IT IS TO BE DISTINCTLY UNDERSTOOD THAT SUBMISSION OF THIS INFO RMATION 
MEMORANDUM TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SEBI) SHOULD NOT IN 
ANY WAY BE DEEMED OR CONSTRUED THAT THE SAME HAS BEEN CLEARED O R APPROVED 
BY SEBI. SEBI DOES NOT TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY EITHER FOR THE FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS 
OF ANY SCHEME OR THE PROJECT FOR WHICH THE ISSUE IS PROPOSED TO  BE MADE OR FOR 
THE CORRECTNESS OF THE STATEMEN TS MADE OR OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN  T H I S  
INFORMATION MEMORANDUM.  
 
THE FILING OF THIS INFORMATION MEMORANDUM DOES NOT, HOWEVER, AB SOLVE THE 
COMPANY FROM ANY LIABILITIES UNDER THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 OR F ROM THE 
REQUIREMENT OF OBTAINING SUCH STATUTORY OR OTHER CLEARANCES AS MAY BE 
REQUIRED FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE PROPOSED ISSUE. SEBI FURTHER RE SERVES THE RIGHT 
TO TAKE UP, AT ANY POINT OF TIME, ANY IRREGULARITIES OR LAPSES IN THIS INFORMATION 
MEMORANDUM.” 
 
General Disclaimer and Caution Statement from the Company 
 
The Company accepts no responsibility for statements made otherwise than in the Information Memorandum or 
i n  t h e  a d v e r t i s e m e n t s  t o  b e  p u b l i s h e d  i n  t e r m s  o f  P a r t  I I  ( A ) ( 5)  o f  t h e  S E B I  M a s t e r  C i r c u l a r  n o .  
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 or any other material issued by or at the instance of 
the Company and that anyone placing reliance on any other source of information would be doing so at his own 
risk. All information shall be made available by our Company to the public and investors at large and no selective 
or additional information would be available for a section of the investors in any manner. 
 
Jurisdiction 
 
Exclusive jurisdiction for the purpose of this Information Memorandum is with the competent courts / authorities 
in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
. 
 
Disclaimer Clause - BSE 
 
As required, a copy of the Draft Scheme was submitted to BSE. B SE has vide its letter no. 
DCS/AMAL/TL/R37/2816/2023-24 dated July 07, 2023 granted its observations on the Scheme of Arrangement 
under Regulation 37 of the SEBI LODR Regulations and by virtue of that approval, the BSE’s name is included 
in this Information Memorandum as one of the Stock Exchanges on which the Company’s securities are proposed 
to be listed. 
 
As required, a copy of this Information Memorandum has been submitted to BSE. 
 
Filing  
 
Copy of this Information Memorandum has been filed with BSE. 
 
Listing 
 
Our Company has obtained In-principle listing approvals from BSE on April 26, 2024. Our Company shall make 
the applications for final listing and trading approval from BS E. The Company has BSE as Designated Stock 
Exchange for the aforesaid listing of shares. The Company ensure that it will take all steps for the completion of 
===== [PAGE 159 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
101  
necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading a t all the Stock Exchanges mentioned above 
within such period as approved by SEBI. 
 
Demat Credit 
 
The Company has executed Tri-partite Agreement dated March 7, 2 024 with Registrar & Share Transfer Agent 
and CDSL and Tri-partite Agreement dated February 26, 2024 with Registrar & Share Transfer Agent and NSDL, 
for admitting its securities in demat form. The ISIN allotted to the Company’s equity shares is INE0TT901016. 
 
The Equity Shares have been allotted to those shareholders who have provided necessary details to the 
Company/RTA and/or who were holding their equity shares in erst while Forbes & Company Limited in demat 
form as on the Record Date i.e. March 07, 2024. The demat shares have been credited to the demat accounts of 
such shareholders by CDSL on March 20, 2024 and NSDL on March 2 2, 2024, March 23, 2024 and on March 
30, 2024. On receipt of appropriate evidence from the concerned shareholders as to their respective entitlements, 
such shares shall be transferred from the said Demat Suspense Account to their respective demat accounts.  
 
Expert Opinions 
 
Save as stated elsewhere in this Information Memorandum, we have not obtained an expert opinion. 
 
Previous Rights and Public Issues 
 
Since incorporation, our Company has not issued Equity Shares i n the form of rights issue or otherwise to the 
public. 
 
Commission and brokerage on previous issues 
 
Since our Company has not issued shares to the public in the past, no sum has been paid or has been payable as 
commission or brokerage for subscribing to or procuring or agreeing to procure subscription for any of the Equity 
Shares since its inception. 
 
Capital Issue in the last 3 years 
 
Neither our Company, nor any listed Group Company have made any capital issue during the last 3 years.  
 
Outstanding debentures or bonds and redeemable preference shares and other instruments issued by our 
Company 
 
There are no outstanding debentures or bonds and redeemable preference shares and other instruments issued by 
our Company. 
 
Stock market date for equity shares 
 
The equity shares of our Company are not listed on any stock ex change. Our Company is seeking approval for 
listing of its equity shares through this Information Memorandum. 
 
Disposal of investor grievance of our Company 
 
Link Intime India Private Limited  are the Registrar & Share Transf er Agents of our Company. All i nvestor 
grievances would be redressed within an average period of 30 days from the date of its receipt by our Company 
or its Registrar & Share Transfer Agent. Investors can contact our Company’s Share Registrar & Share Transfer 
Agent or the Compliance Officer o r the Secretarial Department o f our Company in case of any share transfer 
related problem. The addresses and contact numbers are given in  section titled “General Information”  of this 
Information Memorandum. For quicker response, investors are req uested to mention their contact numbers and 
email addresses while communicating their grievances. 
 
Shareholders can express their grievances by sending mails to a bove e-mail id or raise complaints in SCORES 
(common portal introduced by SEBI). Our Company is registered on SCORES portal. Further, the Shareholders 
===== [PAGE 160 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
102  
can also raise their grievances  with our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. As on the date of this 
Information Memorandum, our Company has not received any investor complaints since incorporation. 
 
Ms. Rupa Khanna is the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  of the Company is vested with 
responsibility of addressing the Investor Grievance(s) in coordination with Registrar & Transfer Agents. 
 
Capitalization of Reserves or Profits 
 
Our Company has not capitalised reserves or profits since incorporation. 
 
Revaluation of Assets 
 
Our Company has not revalued its assets since incorporation. 
 
Undertaking 
 
The complaints received from the investors shall be attended to by the Company expeditiously and satisfactorily. 
All steps for completion of the necessary formalities for listi ng and commencement of trading at all stock 
exchanges where the securities are to be listed are taken within the period prescribed by SEBI. 
 
Changes in auditors 
 
There has been no change in the Statutory Auditors of the Company during last three years. 
 
Auditor qualifications which have not been given effect to in the financial statements  
 
There is no audit qualification in the financial statements as disclosed in the Information Memorandum. 
 
 
  
===== [PAGE 161 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
103  
 
MAIN PROVISIONS OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
 
(THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013) 
(PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES) 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
OF 
FORBES PRECISION TOOLS AND MACHINE PARTS LIMITED 
 
TABLE F 
 
ARTICLES OF A SSOCIATION 
OF 
FORBES PRECISION TOOLS AND MACHINE PARTS LIMITED 
(COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES) 
Interpretations 
 
I. 
(1)  In these  regulations- 
 
(a) "the Act" means the Companies Act, 2013, 
 
(b) "the seal" means the common seal of the company. 
 
(2)  Unless the context otherwise requires, words or expressions contained in these regulations shall 
bear the same meaning as in the Act or any statutory modification thereof  in force at the date 
at which these regulations become binding on the company. 
 
(3)  PUBLIC COMPANY 
(i)  The Company is Public Company within the  meaning  of Section 2(71) of the  Companies Act, 
2013 and it means a Company having a minimum paid-up share capital or such higher paid-up 
capital as may be prescribed, and which by its articles) 
 
Share capital and variation of rights 
 
II. 
 
(1)  Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles, the shares in the capital of the company shall 
be under the control of the Directors who may issue, allot or otherwise dispose of the same or any 
of them  to such persons,  in such proportion and on such terms  and conditions  and either  at a 
premium or at par and at such time as they may from time to tim e think fit. 
(a)  The Authorised Share Capital of the Company shall be as per Clause V of the Memorandum of 
Association of the Company with rights to alter the same in whatever way as deemed fit by the 
Company. The company may increase or decrease the Authorised Share Capital in accordance 
with Company's regulations and legislative provisions for the time being in t hat behalf. 
 
(b)  The Company may, subject  to the  provisions of Section 55 of the  said Act, issue preference 
shares which are liable to be redeemed and may redeem such shares in any manner  provided 
===== [PAGE 162 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
104  
in the said section and may issue shares up to the nominal amou nt  of the shares redeemed or 
to be redeemed. Where the Company has issued redeemable preference shares the provisions 
of the said section shall be complied with. 
(c)  The Company shall have right to issue Differential Equity Shares with Differential Voting Rights. 
(d)  The  Company  shall have  right to  issue  Compulsory  Convertible  Debentures  (CCDs) carrying 
interest  which shall be  credited  as fully paid,  free  and  clear  o f all Encumbrances  for and 
aggregate. 
 
(e)  The Investor shall, on conversion of the CCDs hold (together with the Differential Equity Shares 
already allotted) paid-up equity share capital of the Company on the date of conversion shall be 
as set out. 
 
(f)  The  Company  shall  issue  Right shares  which  shall  include  Right of  Re nunciation,  Private 
Placement  of shares,  preferential allotment of shares  and  Employee Stock Option  Scheme 
(ESOP) and Sweat Equity Shares. 
 
(g)   If at any time share capital is divided into different classes of shares, the rights attached to any 
class (unless otherwise provided  by the  terms  of the  issue of the  shares  of that  class) may, 
subject  to the  provisions of Section 48 of the  Companies Act, 2013, and whether or not the 
Company is being wound-up, be varied with the consent in writing of th e holders of three-fourth 
of the issued shares of that class, or with the sanction of a s pecial resolution passed at a separate 
meeting of the holders of the shares of that class. 
 
(h)  To every such separate meeting, the provision of these  regulations  relating to gener al meeting 
shall apply. 
 
(2)  (i) Every person whose name is entered as a member in the register of members shall be entitled to 
receive within two months after incorporation, in case of subscribers to the memorandum or after 
allotment or within one month after the application for the registration of transfer  or transmission 
or within such other period as the conditions of issue shall be  provided,- 
 
(a)  one certificate for all his shares without payment of any charges; or 
 
 
(b)  several certificates, each for one or more of his shares, upon payment of twenty rupees for each 
certificate after the first. 
 
(ii) Every certificate shall be under the seal and shall specify the share s to which it relates  and the 
amount  paid-up thereon. 
 
(iii) In respect of any share or shares held jointly by several persons , the company shall not be bound 
to issue more than one certificate, and delivery of a certifica te for a share to one of several joint 
holders shall be sufficient delivery to all such holders 
 
(3)  (i) If any share certificate be worn out, defaced, mutilated  or torn or if there  be no further space on 
the back for endorsement of transfer, then upon production and surrender thereof to the company, 
a new certificate may be issued in lieu thereof, and if any certificate is lost or destroyed then upon 
proof thereof to the satisfaction of the company and on executi on of such indemnity as the company 
===== [PAGE 163 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
105  
deem  adequate, a new certificate  in lieu thereof  shall be given. Every certificate under this Article 
shall be issued on payment  of twenty rupees for each certificate. 
(ii) The provisions of Articles (2) and (3) shall mutatis mutandis apply to debentures of the company. 
(4)  Except as required by law, no person shall be recognised by the compa ny as holding any share upon 
any trust,  and the company shall not be bound by, or be compel led in any way to recognise (even 
when having n oti ce ther e of ) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any share, or any 
interest in any fractional part of a share, or (except only as by these  regulations or by law otherwise 
provided) any other rights in respect of any share except an ab solute  right to the entirety thereof  in 
the registered holder. 
 
(5)  (i) The company may exercise the  powers  of paying commissions confer red  by sub-section  (6) of 
section 40, provided that  the rate per cent or the amount  of the commission paid or agreed to be 
paid shall be disclosed in the manner  required  by that sectio n and rules made thereunder. 
 
(ii) The rate or amount  of the commission shall not exceed the rate or  amount  prescribed  in rules 
made under sub-section  (6) of section 40. 
 
(iii) The commission may be satisfied by the payment  of cash or the allotment of fully or partly paid 
shares or partly in the one way and partly in the other. 
 
(6)  (i) If at any time the share capital is divided into different  classe s of shares,  the rights attached to 
any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) ma y, subject 
to the provisions of section 48, and whether or not the company is being wound up, be varied with 
the consent  in writing of the holders of three-fourths of the issued shares of that class, or with the 
sanction of a special resolution  passed  at a separate meeting  of the holders of the shares  of that 
class. 
 
(ii) To every such separate meeting, the provisions of these regulations relating to genera l meetings 
shall mutatis mutandis apply, but so that the necessary quorum shall be at least two persons holding 
at least one-third of the issued shares of the class in question. 
 
(7)  The rights conferred upon the holders of the shares of any class i ssued with preferred or other rights 
shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class, be 
deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking  pari passu therewith.\ 
 
(8)  Subject to the provisions of section 55, any preference shares may, with the sanction of an ordinary 
resolution, be issued on the terms that they are to be redeemed on such terms and in such manner 
as the company before the issue of the shares may, by special r esolution, determine. 
 
Lien 
(9)  (i) The company shall have a first and paramount lien- 
 
 
(a)  on every share (not being a fully paid share), for all mon ies (whether presently  payable or not) 
called, or payable at a fixed time, in respect of that share; and 
 
 
(b)  on all shares (not being fully paid shares) standing registered in the name of a single person, for 
all monies presently payable by him or his estate to the company: 
===== [PAGE 164 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
106  
 
Provided that  the  Board of directors  may at any time  declar e  any share  to be wholly or in part 
exempt from the provisions of this clause. 
 
(ii) The company’s lien, if any, on a share shall extend to all dividends payable and bonus es declared 
from time to time in respect  of such shares. 
 
(10) The company may sell, in such manner  as the Board thinks fit, any  shares on which the company 
has a lien: 
Provided that no sale shall be made- 
a)   unless a sum in respect  of which the lien exists is prese ntly payable; or 
 
 
b)   until the expiration of fourteen days after a notice in writing stating and demanding payment of 
such part  of the amount  in respect  of which the lien exists as is presently  payable,  has been 
given to the registered holder for the time being of the share or the person entitled  thereto by 
reason of his death or insolvency. 
 
(11) (i) To give effect to any such sale, the Board may authorise some person to transfer  the shares sold 
to the purchaser  thereof. 
(ii) The purchaser  shall be registered as the holder of the shares comprised in any such transfer. 
(iii)The purchaser  shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase  money, nor shall his 
title to the shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidi ty in the proceedings  in reference to the 
sale. 
 
 
(12) (i) The proceeds  of the sale shall be received by the company and app lied in payment  of such part 
of the amount  in respect  of which the lien exists as is prese ntly payable. 
 
(ii) The residue, if any, shall, subject to a like lien for sums not presently payab le as existed upon the 
shares before the sale, be paid to the person entitled to the s hares at the date of the sale. 
 
Calls on shares 
 
 
(13) (i) The Board may, from time to time, make calls upon the members in respect of any monies unpaid 
on their shares (whether on account of the nominal value of the shares or by way of prem ium) and 
not by the conditions of allotment thereof  made payable at fixed times: 
Provided that no call shall exceed one-fourth of the nominal value of the share or be payable at less 
than one month from the date fixed for the payment  of the last  preceding call. 
 
(ii) Each member shall, subject  to receiving at least fourteen days? notice  specifying the  time or 
times and place of payment,  pay to the company, at the time or  times and place so specified, the 
amount  called on his shares. 
 
(iii) A call may be revoked or postponed at the discretion of the Board. 
 
 
(14) A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Board authorizing 
the call was passed and may be required  to be paid by instalments. 
*(14a) Option or right to call of shares shall not be given to any per son except with the sanction of the 
company in general meeting. 
===== [PAGE 165 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
107  
* The Article of Association was amended by inserting clause 14a by way of Special Resolution passed by 
the shareholders of the Company in Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) held on 16/01/2024. 
 
(15) The joint holders of a share shall be jointly and severally liable  to pay all calls in respect  thereof. 
A call is deemed to have been made at time when the resolution  of the Board aut horizing the call 
was passed and may be required  to be paid by installments 
 
(16) (i) If a sum called in respect  of a share  is not  paid before  or on  the  day appointed for payment 
thereof, the person  from whom the sum is due shall pay interest thereon from the day appointed 
for payment  thereof  to the time of actual payment at ten per cent per annum or at such lower rate, 
if any, as the Board may determine. 
(ii) The Board shall be at liberty to waive payment  of any such interest wholly or in part. 
 
 
(17) (i) Any sum which by the terms  of issue of a share  becomes  payable o n allotment or at any fixed 
date,  whether on account  of the nominal value of the share  or by way of pre mium,  shall, for the 
purposes  of these regulations, be deemed to be a call duly made and payable on the date on which 
by the terms of issue such sum becomes  payable. 
 
(ii) In case  of non-payment of such sum,  all the  relevant  provisions  of these  regulati ons  as to 
payment  of interest and expenses,  forfeiture  or otherwise shall apply as if such sum had become 
payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 
 
(18) Any sum which by the terms of issue of a share becomes payable on allotment or at any fixed date, 
whether on account of nominal value of the share or by way of premium,  shall, for the purpose  of 
these regulations, be deemed to be a call duly made and payable on the date which by the ter ms of 
issue such sum become payable. 
 
(b) In case of non-payment of such  sum,  all the  relevant  provisions  of these  regulat ions  as to 
payment  of interest and expenses,  forfeiture  or other  wish shall apply as if su ch sum had become 
payable by virtue a call duly made and notified. 
 
The Board- 
 
 
(a)  may, if it thinks fit, receive from any member willing to advance the same, all or any part of the 
monies uncalled and unpaid upon any shares held by him; and 
 
(b)  upon all or any of the monies so advanced, may (until the same would, but for such advance, 
become  presently  payable)  pay interest at  such rate  not  exceeding,  unless  the  company  in 
general  meeting  shall otherwise direct,  twelve per cent  per annum,  as may be agreed  upon 
between the Board and the member paying the sum in advance. 
 
Transfer of shares 
 
 
(19) (i) The instrument of transfer of any share in the company shall be executed  by or on behalf of 
both the transferor and transferee. 
 
(ii) The transferor shall be deemed to remain a holder of the share until the name of the 
transferee is entered in the register of members in respect  thereof. 
 
===== [PAGE 166 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
108  
(20) The Board may, subject to the right of appeal conferred by section  58 decline to register- 
 
 
(a)  the transfer  of a share, not being a fully paid share, to a person of whom they do not approve; 
or 
 
 
(b)  any transfer  of shares on which the company has a lien. 
 
 
(21) The Board may decline to recognise any instrument of transfer  unless- 
(a) the instrument of transfer  is in the form as prescribed  in rules made under  sub-section  (1) of 
section 56; 
 
(b) the instrument of transfer  is accompanied by the certificate of the shares to which it relates, 
and such other evidence as the Board may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor 
to make the transfer; and 
 
(c)  the instrument of transfer is in respect  of only one class of shares. 
 
 
(22) On giving not less than seven days? previous notice in accordance  with s ection 91 and rules made 
thereunder, the registration of transfers  may be suspended at such times and for such periods as 
the Board may from time to time determine: 
 
Provided that such registration shall not be suspended for more than thirty days at any one time 
or for more than forty-five days in the aggregate  in any year. 
 
Transmission of Shares 
 
 
(23) (i) On the death  of a member, the survivor or survivors where the member was a joint holder, and 
his nominee  or nominees  or legal representatives where  he was a sole holder,  shall be the  only 
persons recognised by the company as having any title to his interest in the shares 
 
(ii) Nothing in clause (i) shall release the estate of a deceased joint holder from any liability in respect 
of any share which had been jointly held by him with other persons. 
 
(24) (i) Any person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death or insolvency of a member 
may, upon such evidence  being produced  as may from time to ti me properly be required  by the 
Board and subject as hereinafter provided, elect, either- 
 
(a) to be registered himself as holder of the share; or 
 
 
(b) to make such transfer  of the share as the deceased or insolvent member could have made. 
 
 
(ii) The Board shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or  suspend registration as it would 
have  had,  if the  deceased or insolvent  member had  transferred the  share  before  his death  or 
insolvency. 
 
(25) (i) If the person so becoming entitled  shall elect to be registered as holder of the share himself, he 
shall deliver or send to the company a notice in writing signed  by him stating that he so elects. 
 
(ii) If the person aforesaid shall elect to transfer  the share, he sha ll testify his election by executing 
===== [PAGE 167 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
109  
a transfer  of the share. 
 
(iii) All the limitations, restrictions and provisions of these regulatio ns relating to the right to transfer 
and  the  registration of transfers  of shares  shall be applicable  to  any such noti ce  or transfer  as 
aforesaid as if the death  or insolvency of the member had not occurred and the notice or transfer 
were a transfer  signed by that member. 
(26) A person  becoming entitled  to a share by reason  of the death  or insolvency of the holder shall be 
entitled  to the same dividends and other  advantages to which he would be entitled  if he were the 
registered holder  of the  share,  except  that  he shall not, before  bei ng registered as a member in 
respect  of the share, be entitled  in respect  of it to exerci se any right conferred  by membership in 
relation to meetings of the company: 
 
Provided that the Board may, at any time, give notice requiring  any such person  to elect either to 
be registered himself or to transfer  the share, and if the notice is not co mplied with within ninety 
days, the Board may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends, bonuses or other monies payable 
in respect  of the share, until the requirements of the notice have been complied with. 
 
Forfeiture of shares 
 
(27)If a member fails to pay any call, or instalment of a call, on the day appointed for payment  thereof, 
the Board may, at any time thereafter during such time as any part of the call or instalment 
remains unpaid, serve a notice on him requiring payment  of so much of  the call or instalment as is 
unpaid, together with any interest which may have accrued. 
 
(28)The notice aforesaid shall- 
(a) name a further day (not being earlier than the expiry of fourteen days from the date of service 
of the notice) on or before which the payment  required  by the  notice is to be made; and 
 
(b) state  that, in the event of non-payment on or before the day so named, the shares in respect 
of which the call was made shall be liable to be forfeited. 
 
(29)If the requirements of any such notice as aforesaid are not complied with, any sha re in respect  of 
which the notice has been given may, at any time thereafter, before the payment  required  by the 
notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Board  to that effect. 
 
(30)(i) A forfeited share may be sold or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as 
the Board thinks fit. 
(ii) At any time before a sale or disposal as aforesaid, the Board may  cancel the forfeiture on such 
terms as it thinks fit. 
 
 
(31)(i) A person whose shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a member in respect  of the 
forfeited shares, but shall, notwithstanding the forfeiture, remain liable to pay to the company all 
monies which, at the date of forfeiture,  were presently  payab le by him to the company in respect 
of the shares. 
 
(ii) The liability of such person shall cease if and when the company s hall have received payment  in 
full of all such monies in respect  of the shares. 
 
(32)(i) A duly verified declaration  in writing that the declarant  is a director, the manager  or the 
===== [PAGE 168 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
110  
secretary,  of the company, and that a share in the company has  been duly forfeited on a date 
stated in the declaration, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein  stated as against all 
persons claiming to be entitled  to the share; 
 (ii) The company may receive the consideration, if any, given for the share on any sale or disposal 
thereof  and may execute a transfer of the share in favour of t he person to whom the share is sold 
or disposed of; 
 
(iii) The transferee shall thereupon be registered as the holder of the share; and 
 
 
(iv) The transferee shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase  m oney, if any, nor 
shall his title to the share be affected by any irregularity or  invalidity in the proceedings  in 
reference to the forfeiture,  sale or disposal of the share. 
 
(33)The provisions of these regulations as to forfeiture shall apply i n the case of nonpayment of any 
sum which, by the terms of issue of a share, becomes  payable a t a fixed time, whether on account 
of the nominal value of the share or by way of premium, as if t he same had been payable by virtue 
of a call duly made and notified. 
 
Alteration of capital 
 
 
(34)The company may, from time to time, by ordinary resolution increas e the share capital by such sum, 
to be divided into shares of such amount,  as may be specified in the resolution. 
 
(35)Subject to the provisions of section 61, the company may, b y ordinary resolution,- 
 
 
(a) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into  shares of larger amount  than its existing 
shares; 
 
(b) convert all or any of its fully paid-up shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into fully paid- 
up shares of any denomination; 
 
(c) sub-divide its existing shares  or any of them  into shares  of smaller amount  than is fixed by the 
memorandum; 
 
(d)  cancel any shares  which, at the date  of the passing of t he resolution,  have not been  taken or 
agreed to be taken by any person. 
 
(36)Where shares are converted into stock,- 
 
 
(a) the  holders  of stock may transfer  the  same  or any part   thereof  in the  same  manner  as, and 
subject to the same regulations  under which, the shares from w hich the stock arose might before 
the conversion have been transferred, or as near thereto as circumstances admit: 
Provided that the Board may, from time to time, fix the minimum amount  of stock transferable, so, 
however,  that  such minimum shall not exceed the nominal amoun t  of the shares  from which the 
stock arose. 
 
(b) the holders of stock shall, according to the amount  of sto ck held by them, have the same rights, 
privileges and  advantages as regards  dividends,  voting at  meetings  of the  company,  and  other 
matters, as if they held the shares from which the stock arose; but no s uch privilege or advantage 
===== [PAGE 169 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
111  
(except participation  in the dividends and profits of the comp any and in the assets on winding up) shall be 
conferred  by an amount  of stock which would not, if existing in shares, have conferred  that privilege or 
advantage. 
 
(c) such of the regulations  of the company as are applicable t o paid-up shares shall apply to stock 
and  the  words  "share"  and  "shareholder" in those  regulations  shall include "stock" and  "stock- 
holder" respectively. 
 
(37)The  company  may, by special resolution,  reduce  in any manner  and  with,  and  subject  to,  any 
incident authorised and consent  required  by law,- 
 
(a) its share capital; 
 
 
(b) any capital redemption reserve account; or 
 
 
(c)  any share premium account. 
 
Capitalisation of Profits 
 
(38)(i) The company in general meeting may, upon the recommendation of the Board, resolve- 
 
 
(a) that it is desirable to capitalise any part of the amount  for the time being standing to the credit 
of any of the  company?s  reserve  accounts,  or to  the  credi t  of the,  profit  and  loss account,  or 
otherwise available for distribution; and 
 
(b) that  such sum be  accordingly set  free  for distribution  in the  manner  specified  in clause  (ii) 
amongst the members who would have been entitled thereto, if distributed by way of dividend and 
in the same proportions. 
 
(ii) The sum  aforesaid  shall not  be  paid  in cash  but  shall be  ap plied,  subject  to  the  provision 
contained in clause (iii), either in or towards- 
 
(A)  paying up  any  amounts for  the  time  being  unpaid  on  any  shares  held  by such  members 
respectively; 
 
(B) paying up in full, unissued shares of the company to be allotte d and distributed, credited as fully 
paid-up, to and amongst such members in the proportions aforesaid; 
 
(C) partly in the way specified in sub-clause (A) and partly in that specified in sub-clause (B); 
 
 
(D) A securities premium account and a capital redemption reserve  account may, for the purposes 
of this regulation,  be applied in the paying up of unissued  s hares  to be issued to members of the 
company as fully paid bonus shares; 
 
(E)  The Board shall give effect  to  the  resolution  passed  by the  c ompany  in pursuance of this 
regulation. 
 
(39)(i) Whenever such a resolution as aforesaid shall have been  passed, the Board shall- 
===== [PAGE 170 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
112  
(a) make  all appropriations  and  applications  of the  undivided  profits  resolved  to  be  capitalised 
thereby,  and all allotments and issues of fully paid shares if any; and 
 
(b) generally do all acts and things required  to give effect thereto. 
(ii) The Board shall have power- 
(a) to make such provisions, by the issue of fractional certifi cates or by payment in cash or otherwise 
as it thinks fit, for the case of shares becoming distributable in fractions; and 
 
(b) to  authorise any  person  to  enter,  on  behalf  of all the  members entitled  thereto, into  an 
agreement with the  company  providing for the  allotment to them  respectively,  credited  as fully 
paid-up, of any further shares to which they may be entitled up on such capitalisation, or as the case 
may require,  for the payment  by the company on their behalf, by the application thereto of their 
respective  proportions of profits  resolved  to  be  capitalised,  of the  amount  or any part  of the 
amounts remaining unpaid on their existing shares; 
 
(iii) Any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on suc h members. 
 
 
Buy-back of shares 
 
 
(40)Notwithstanding anything contained in these articles but subject to the provisions of sections 68  to 
70 and any other  applicable provision of the Act or any other  law for the time being in force, the 
company may purchase  its own shares or other specified securities. 
 
General Meetings 
 
 
(41)All general meetings other than annual general meeting shall be cal led extraordinary general 
meeting. 
 
(42)(i) The Board may, whenever  it thinks fit, call an extraordinary general meeting. 
 
 
(ii) If at any time directors capable of acting who are sufficient in n umber to form a quorum are 
not within India, any director or any two members of the company may call an extraordinary 
general meeting in the same manner,  as nearly as possible, as that in which such a meeting may 
be called by the Board. 
 
Proceedings at general  meetings 
 
 
(43)(i) No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum of members is present 
at the time when the meeting proceeds  to business. 
 
(ii) Save as otherwise provided herein, the quorum for the general meetings shall be as provided in 
section 103. 
 
(44)The chairperson, if any, of the Board shall preside as Chairperson at every general meeting of the 
company. 
===== [PAGE 171 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
113  
(45)If there  is no such Chairperson, or if he is not present within fifteen minutes after the time 
appointed for holding the meeting, or is unwilling to act as chairperson of the meeting, the 
directors present shall elect one of their members to be Chairperson of the meeting. 
 
(46)If at any meeting no director is willing to act as Chairperson or if no director is present within 
fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the members present shall 
choose one of their members to be Chairperson of the meeting. 
 
Adjournment of meeting 
 
 
(47)(i) The Chairperson may, with the consent  of any meeting at which a quorum is present, and shall, 
if so directed by the meeting, adjourn the meeting from time to  time and from place to place. 
 
(ii) No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished 
at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
 
(iii) When a meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be 
given as in the case of an original meeting. 
 
(iv)       Save as aforesaid, and as provided in section 103 of  the Act, it shall not be necessary to give 
any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting. 
 
Voting Rights 
(48)Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes of shares,- 
(a) on a show of hands, every member present in person shall have one vote; and 
(c)  on a poll, the voting rights of members shall be in proportion to his share in the paid-up equity 
share capital of the company. 
 
(49)A member may exercise his vote at a meeting by electronic means in accor dance  with section 108 
and shall vote only once. 
 
(50)(i) In the case of joint holders, the vote of the senior who tenders a vote, whether in person or by 
proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders. 
 
(ii) For this purpose,  seniority shall be determined by the  order  in which the  names  stand  in the 
register of members. 
 
(51)A member of unsound  mind, or in respect  of whom an order  has been  ma de by any court having 
jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee or other 
legal guardian, and any such committee or guardian may, on a poll, vote by proxy. 
 
(52)Any business  other  than  that  upon  which a poll has  been  demanded may be  proceeded with, 
pending the taking of the poll. 
 
(53)No member shall be entitled  to vote at any general meeting unless all ca lls or other sums presently 
payable by him in respect  of shares in the company have been paid 
===== [PAGE 172 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
114  
 
(54)(i) No objection shall be raised to the qualification of an y voter except at the meeting or adjourned 
meeting at which the vote objected  to is given or tendered, and every vote not disallowed at such 
meeting shall be valid for all purposes. 
 
(ii) Any such objection made in due time shall be referred to the Chairperson of the meeting, whose 
decision shall be final and conclusive. 
 
Proxy 
 
 
(55)The instrument appointing  a proxy and the  power-of-attorney or other  authority,  if any, under 
which it is signed or a notarised copy of that power or authority, shall be deposited at the registered 
office of the company not less than 48 hours before the time fo r holding the meeting or adjourned 
meeting at which the person named in the instrument proposes  to vote, or, in the case of a poll, not 
less than 24 hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll; and in default the instrument 
of proxy shall not be treated as valid. 
 
(56)An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the form as prescribed in the r ules made under section 
105. 
 
 
(57)A vote given in accordance  with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid, notwithstanding 
the previous death  or insanity of the principal or the  revoca tion  of the  proxy or of the authority 
under which the proxy was executed, or the transfer  of the shares in respect  of which the proxy i s 
given:Provided that no intimation in writing of such death, ins anity, revocation or transfer shall have 
been received by the company at its office before the commencement of the meeting or adjourned 
meeting at which the proxy is used. 
 
Board of Directors 
 
 
(58)The number  of the directors  and the names of the first directors  s h a l l  b e  determined in writing by 
the subscribers of the memorandum or a majority of them. 
 
The First Board of Directors are: 
1) Ms. Rupa Pawan Khanna 
2) Mr. Nirmal Chandmal Jagawat 
3) Mr. Ravinder Chander Prem 
 
 
Directors do not require to hold any qualification shares 
 
 
(59)(i) The remuneration of the directors shall, in so far as it consists of a monthly payment,  be deemed 
to accrue from day-to-day. 
 
(ii) In addition to the remuneration payable to them in pursuance of the Act, the directors may be 
paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses  properly incurre d by them- 
 
(a) in attending and returning from meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof  or 
general meetings of the company; or 
===== [PAGE 173 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
115  
(c)  in connection  with the business of the company. 
 
 
(60) The Board may pay all expenses  incurred in getting up and registe ring the company. 
 
 
(61) The company may exercise the powers conferred  on it by section 88  with regard to the keeping of 
a foreign register; and the Board may (subject to the provision s of that section) make and vary such 
regulations as it may thinks fit respecting  the keeping of any  such register. 
 
(62)All cheques,  promissory notes,  drafts, hundis, bills of exchange and other  negotiable  instruments, 
and all receipts  for monies  paid to the  company,  shall be s igned, drawn,  accepted, endorsed, or 
otherwise executed, as the case may be, by such person and in such manner as the B oard shall from 
time to time by resolution determine. 
 
(63)Every director present at any meeting of the Board or of a committee thereof  shall sign his name in 
a book to be kept for that purpose. 
 
(64)(i) Subject to the provisions of section 149, the Board sha ll have power at any time, and from time 
to time, to appoint  a person  as an additional  director,  pro vided the number  of the directors  and 
additional directors together shall not at any time exceed the maximum strength fixed for the Board 
by the articles. 
 
(ii) Such person  shall hold office only up to the  date  of th e  next annual  general  meeting  of the 
company but shall be eligible for appointment by the company as a director at that meeting subject 
to the provisions of the Act. 
 
Proceedings of the Board 
 
 
(65)(i) The Board of Directors may meet for the conduct of business, adjou rn and otherwise regulate its 
meetings, as it thinks fit. 
 
(ii) A director may, and the manager  or secretary  on the requisition  of a director shall, at any time, 
summon a meeting of the Board. 
 
(66)(i) Save as otherwise expressly provided in the Act, questions  arising at any meeting  of the Board 
shall be decided by a majority of votes. 
 
(ii) In case of an equality of votes, the Chairperson of the Board, if any, shall have a second or casting 
vote. 
 
(67)The continuing directors  may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the Board; but, if and so long as 
their  number  is reduced  below  the  quorum  fixed by the  Act for a meeting  of the  Board, the 
continuing directors  or director  may act for the purpose  of increasing the number  of directors  to 
that  fixed for the  quorum,  or of summoning  a general  meeti ng  of the company,  but for no other 
purpose. 
 
(68)(i) The Board may elect a Chairperson of its meetings  and determine the period for which he is to 
hold office. 
===== [PAGE 174 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
116  
(ii) If no such Chairperson is elected,  or if at any meeting the Chairperson is not present within five 
minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the directors present may choose one of 
their number to be Chairperson of the meeting. 
 
(69)(i) The Board may, subject to the provisions of the Act, delegate any of its powers  to committees 
consisting of such member or members of its body as it thinks fit. 
 
(ii) Any committee so formed  shall, in the  exercise  of the  powers  so delegated, con f o r m   t o  any 
regulations that may be imposed on it by the Board. 
 
(70)(i) A committee may elect a Chairperson of its meetings. 
 
 
(ii) If no such Chairperson is elected,  or if at any meeting the Chairperson is not present within five 
minutes  after the time appointed for holding the meeting,  the members present may choose one 
of their members to be Chairperson of the meeting. 
 
(71)(i) A committee may meet and adjourn as it thinks fit. 
 
 
(ii) Questions arising at any meeting  of a committee shall be determined by a majority of votes of 
the members present, and in case of an equality of votes, the Chairperson shall have a second or 
casting vote. 
 
(72)All acts done in any meeting  of the Board or of a committee thereof  or by any person  acting as a 
director, shall, notwithstanding that it may be afterwards discovered that there was some defect in 
the appointment of any one or more of such directors  or of any person acting as aforesaid, or that 
they or any of them were disqualified, be as valid as if every such director or such person had been 
duly appointed and was qualified to be a director. 
 
(73)Save as otherwise expressly provided in the Act, a resolution  in writing, signed by all the members 
of the Board or of a committee thereof, for the time being entitled to receive notice of a meeting of 
the Board or committee, shall be valid and effective as if it had been  passed  at a m eeting  of the 
Board or committee, duly convened and held. 
 
Chief Executive Officer, Manager, Company Secretary or Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
(74)Subject to the provisions of the Act,- 
(i) A chief executive officer, manager, company secretary or chief fi nancial officer may be appointed 
by the Board for such term, at such remuneration and upon such conditions as it may thinks fit; and 
any chief executive officer, manager,  company secretary  or ch ief financial officer so appointed may 
be removed  by means of a resolution of the Board; 
 
(ii) A director  may be appointed as chief executive  officer, manager,  company  secretary  or chief 
financial officer 
 
(75)A provision of the  Act or these  regulations  requiring or authorising  a thing to be done by or to a 
director and chief executive officer, manager,  company secreta ry  or chief financial officer shall not 
be satisfied by its being done by or to the same person acting both as director and as, or in place of, 
chief executive officer, manager,  company secretary  or chief financial officer. 
===== [PAGE 175 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
117  
The Seal 
 
 
(76)(i) The Board shall provide for the safe custody of the seal. 
 
 
(ii) The seal of the  company  shall not  be affixed to any instrument except  by the  authority  of a 
resolution of the Board or of a committee of the Board authorised by it in that behalf, and except in 
the  presence of any one Director or Company Secretary  or Chief Financial Officer or such other 
officers as may be authorised by any resolution  of the Board of Directors or any Committee of the 
Board of Directors. 
 
"Explanation: For the  purposes  of this sub-paragraph it is hereby  clarified that  on and from the 
commencement of the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015 (21 of 2015), i.e. with effect from the 
29th May, 2015, company may not be required  to have the seal b y virtue of registration under the 
Act and if a company  does  not  have the  seal, the  provisions of  t h i s  sub-paragraph shall not  be 
applicable." 
 
(iii) The Company shall also be at liberty to have an official seal in accordanc e  with the provisions of 
the Act, for use in any territory, district or place outside India. 
 
Dividend and Reserve 
 
 
(77)The company in general meeting may declare dividends, but no divide nd shall exceed the amount 
recommended by the Board. 
 
(78)Subject to the provisions of section 123, the Board may fro m time to time pay to the members such 
interim dividends as appear to it to be justified by the profit s of the company. 
 
(79)(i) The Board may, before recommending any dividend, set aside out of the profits of the company 
such sums as it thinks fit as a reserve  or reserves  which sha ll, at the  discretion  of the  Board, be 
applicable for any purpose  to which the profits of the company  may be properly applied, including 
provision for meeting contingencies or for equalizing dividends ; and pending such application, may, 
at the like discretion,  either  be employed  in the  business  of the  company or be invested  in such 
investments (other than shares of the company) as the Board may, from time  to time, thinks fit. 
 
(ii) The Board may also carry forward  any profits which it may conside r  necessary  not to divide, 
without setting them aside as a reserve. 
 
(80)(i) Subject to the rights of persons,  if any, entitled  to  shares with special rights as to dividends, all 
dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid or credited as paid on the shares 
in respect  whereof the dividend is paid, but if and so long as  nothing is paid upon any of the shares 
in the company, dividends may be declared and paid according to  the amounts of the shares. 
 
(ii) No amount paid or credited as paid on a share in advance of calls shall be treated for the purposes of this 
regulation as paid on the share.(iii)All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the 
amounts paid or credited as paid on the shares during any portion or portions of the period  i n  r e s p e c t  o f  
which the dividend 
===== [PAGE 176 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
118  
is paid; but if any share  is issued on terms  providing that  it shall rank for dividend as from a 
particular date such share shall rank for dividend accordingly. 
*(iv) No unclaimed or unpaid dividend shall be forfeited by the Board and all unclaimed dividends 
shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of the Act. 
 
(81)The Board may deduct  from  any dividend  payable  to  any member all sums  of money,  if any, 
presently  payable by him to the company on account of calls or  otherwise in relation to the shares 
of the company. 
 
(82)(i) Any dividend, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of shares may be pa id by cheque 
or warrant  sent through the post directed  to the registered address of the holder or, in the case of 
joint holders, to the registered address  of that  one of the joint holders who is first named  on the 
register  of members, or to such person  and to such address  as the holder or joint holders may in 
writing direct. 
 
(ii) Every such cheque  or warrant  shall be made  payable to the order  o f the person  to whom it is 
sent. 
 
(83)Any one  of two  or more  joint holders  of a share  may give effec tive  receipts  for any dividends, 
bonuses  or other monies payable in respect  of such share. 
 
(84)Notice of any dividend that may have been declared shall be  given to the persons  entitled  to share 
therein  in the manner  mentioned in the Act. 
 
(85)No dividend shall bear interest against the company. 
 
 
Accounts 
 
 
(86)(i) The Board shall from time to time determine whether and to what extent and at what times and 
places and under what conditions or regulations, the accounts a nd books of the company, or any of 
them, shall be open to the inspection of members not being directors. 
 
(ii) No member (not being a director)  shall have any right of inspecting  any  account  or book or 
document of the company except as conferred by law or authorised by the Board or by the company 
in general meeting. 
 
Winding up 
 
 
(87)Subject to the provisions of Chapter XX of the Act and rules made thereunder- 
 
 
(i) If the company shall be wound up, the liquidator may, with the san ction of a special resolution of 
the company and any other sanction required by the Act, divide amongst the members, in specie or 
kind, the whole or any part of the assets of the company, whether t h e y  s h a l l  c o n s i s t  o f  p r o p e r t y   of 
the same kind or not. 
 
(ii) For the purpose aforesaid, the liquidator may set such value as  he deems fair upon any property 
to be divided as aforesaid and may determine how such division shall be carried out as between the 
members or different classes of members. 
===== [PAGE 177 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
119  
(iii) The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees 
upon  such trusts  for the  benefit  of the  contributories if he considers  necessary,  but  so that  no 
member shall be compelled to accept any shares or other securities whereon there  is any liability. 
 
Indemnity 
 
 
(88)Subject to the  provisions of the  Act, every Director, Officer or Agent for the  time  being of the 
Company shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all liability incurred by him 
in defending any proceedings,  whether civil or criminal in which judgment  is given in his favour or 
in which he is acquitted or discharged  or in connection  with any application under  S ection 463 of 
the Act in which relief is granted  to him by the Court. 
 
Every officer, auditor  and agent for the time being of the Company and every trustee for the time 
being acting in relation to any affairs of the company shall be  indemnified and secured harmless out 
of the assets  and the profits of the company against all actio n, cost, charges, losses, damages  and 
expenses  which any such officer, auditor,  agent  or trustee may incur or sustain by reason  of any 
contract  entered into or act or thing done, concurred  in or omitted  by him as such officer, auditor, 
agent or trustee or in any way in or about the discharge of his duties or supposed duties otherwise 
than in respect  of any negligence, default, misfeasance,  brea ch of duty or breach of trust of which 
he may be guilty in relation to his company. 
 
The heirs, executors and administrators of every one of the aforesaid  officer, auditor,  agents  and 
trustees shall be entitled  to the benefits  of the  indemnities  set fo rth in clause (a) and (b) of this 
Article. 
 
Others 
 
 
(89)SECRECY 
 
 
Every Director, Manager,  Auditor, Treasurer, Trustee, member of a committee, officer, servant, 
agent,  accountant, or other  person  employed  in the business of the Company shall, if so required 
by the Board, before  entering  upon his duties sign a declarat ion  pledging himself to observe  strict 
secrecy respecting  all transactions and affairs of the Company with the customers and the state  of 
the accounts with individuals and in matters relating thereto, and shall by such declaration  pledge 
himself not to reveal any of the matters which may come to his knowledge in the discharge of his 
duties  except when required  so to do by the Directors or by l aw or by the person  to whom such 
matters relate  and except so far as may be necessary in order to compl y with any of the provisions 
in these  presents contained. 
 
No member shall be entitled  to visit or inspect any work of the Company without the permission of 
the Directors or to require discovery of or any information  re specting  any detail of the Company?s 
secret process or any other matter which is or may be in the nature  of a trade, secret process or  any 
other  matter which may relate  to the  conduct  of the business  of the  Company and which in the 
opinion of the Directors, it would be inexpedient in the interest of the Company to disclose. 
 
*The Article of Association was amended by inser ting clause 80(iv) by way of Special Resolution 
passed by the shareholders of the Company in Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) held on 
16/01/2024.
===== [PAGE 178 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
120  
 
S.No Name, address, description and occupation 
of each subscriber 
DIN/PAN/ 
Passport No. 
Signatur
e 
e Dated 
1  
Name:  Nirmal Chandmal  Jagawat S/o 
Chandmal  Jagawat on b ehalf  of  Forbes 
&    Company  Limited   having   its 
Registered Office at Forbes Building, 
Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai – 400 
001. 
Add: B-5, Irma Co-Op Housing Society 
Ltd, Sai Baba Mandir Road, Near 
Radhakrishnan School,  Sai Baba 
Nagar, Borivali (West),  Mumbai - 
400092 
 
CIN: L17110MH1919PLC000628 
 
Description: Shareholder 
 
Occupation: Business 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AAEPJ3876H 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29/08/2022
2  
Name: Rupa Pawan Khanna D/o Pawan 
Khanna 
Add: C-21, Gold Star,  C Wing, Datt 
Mandir Cross Road, Dahanukar Wadi, 
Kandivali, Mumbai – 400067. 
 
Description: Director and Nominee 
Shareholder  of  Forbes & Company 
Limited  having its Registered  Office at 
Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
CIN: L17110MH1919PLC000628 
 
Occupation:  Professional 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXFPK9736R 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29/08/2022
3  
Name:    Ravinder    Chander  Prem  S /o 
Gopichand Prem 
Add: C/o A7, Alakhnanda CHS, Plot 
No. 24/B, Sec 14, Opp. PKC Hospital, 
Navi Mumbai, Thane – 400703. 
 
Description: Director and Nominee 
Shareholder  of  Forbes & Company 
Limited  having its Registered  Office at 
Forbes Building, Charanjit Rai Marg, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
CIN: L17110MH1919PLC000628 
 
Occupation:  Professional
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
07771465 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29/08/2022
===== [PAGE 179 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
121  
 
4  
Name:  Atul  Keshaorao  Sadawarte S/o 
Keshaorao  Sadawarte 
Add: Godawari Society,  Flat No. B-22, 
Sec. -3, Vashi, Navi Mumbai, Thane – 
400703. 
 
Description:  Nominee Shareholder of 
Forbes & Company Limited having its 
Registered Office at Forbes Building, 
Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai – 
400 001. 
 
CIN: L17110MH1919PLC000628 
 
Occupation:  Professional 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AALPS8879C 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29/08/2022
5  
Name:    Prashant  Kamlakant    Pradhan 
S/o Kamlakant Pradhan 
Add: A-402, Abhar Society, Off. J.P. 
Road, 7 Bungalows, Andheri – West, 
Mumbai – 400061. 
 
Description:  Nominee Shareholder of 
Forbes & Company Limited having its 
Registered Office at Forbes Building, 
Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai – 
400 001. 
 
CIN: L17110MH1919PLC000628 
 
Occupation:  Professional 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AAEPP4164G 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29/08/2022
6  
Name:  Pavan Radhesham S omani  S/o 
Radhesham Somani 
Add: K-3, Sahyadri  Hills, Opp. Water 
Tank, Shivaji Nagar, Garkheda, 
Aurangabad, Maharashtra - 431009 
 
Description:  Nominee Shareholder of 
Forbes & Company Limited having its 
Registered Office at Forbes Building, 
Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai – 
400 001. 
 
CIN: L17110MH1919PLC000628 
 
Occupation:  Professional 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BIQPS3585K 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29/08/2022
===== [PAGE 180 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
122  
 
7  
Name:      Aruna      Anand      Kelkar     D/o 
Vinayak Gore 
Add: 2, Shashank CHS,  444, Manmala 
Tank Road, Mahim, Mumbai - 400016 
 
Description:  Nominee Shareholder of 
Forbes & Company Limited having its 
Registered Office at Forbes Building, 
Charanjit Rai Marg, Fort, Mumbai – 
400 001. 
 
CIN: L17110MH1919PLC000628 
 
Occupation:  Professional 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AAIPG7846A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29/08/2022
 
 
 
Signed before me 
Name Address DIN/PAN/ 
Passport 
Number/ 
Membership 
No. 
Place Signature & 
Date 
ACS Mehul Raval Office No. 161, 2nd floor, 
Raghuleela Mega Mall, 
Kandivali West, Mumbai -
400067 
18300 Mumbai Sd/- 
 
29/08/2022
 
  
===== [PAGE 181 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
123  
MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION 
 
The following contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business carried on by our Company 
or entered into more than two years before the date of the Info rmation Memorandum), which are or may be deemed 
material have been entered or are to be entered into by our Company. These contracts and the documents for inspection 
referred to hereunder, may be inspected at the Registered Office of our Company situated at Forbes Building, Charanjit 
Rai Marg, Fort Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400 001 from 10.00 a.m. to  02.00 p.m. on working days from the date of the 
Information Memorandum. 
 
Documents for Inspection 
 
1. Certificate of Incorporation of our Company. 
2. Memorandum and Articles of our Company. 
3. Copy of the Fairness Report provided by Sundae Capital Advisors Private Limited dated September 26, 2022. 
4. Copy of the Undertaking and the Auditor's certificate dated September 27, 2022 submitted to SEBI confirming non-
application of para 10(c) of part I(A) to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/249 dated 
December 22, 2020. 
5. Copy of the resolution passed by the Board of directors dated 26 September 2022 approving the scheme. 
6. Scheme of Arrangement among Forbes & Company Limited and Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited 
and their respective Shareholders and Creditors. 
7. Letter under Regulation 37 of SEBI LODR Regulations issued by B SE DCS/AMAL/TL/R37/2816/2023-24 dated 
July 07, 2023). 
8. Order dated February 09 2024 (certified true copy recieved on 22 February 2024) of the Hon’ble National Company 
law Tribunal, New Delhi Bench sanctioning the Scheme of Arrangement under Section 230 to 232 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Section 66 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
9. Tripartite agreements dated March 7, 2024 and February 26, 2024with CDSL & NSDL respectively. 
10. Statement of Possible Tax Benefits dated March 29, 2024 from M/ s. Sharp & Tannan Associates, Chartered 
Accountants. 
11. Audited financial statements of our Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 and financial year ended 
March 31, 2023.  
12. BSE letter no. DCS/AMAL/TL/IP/3158/2024-25 dated April 26, 2024 granting in-principle listing approval. 
13. SEBI Relaxation letter no. SEBI/ HO/CFD/DCR/RAC-1/P/OW/2024/17446/1 dated May 22, 2024 granting 
relaxation for listing from the applicability of Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contract (Regulation) Rules, 1957. 
 
Any of the contracts or documents mentioned in the Information Memorandum may be amended or modified at any time 
if so required in the interest of our Company or if required by  the other parties, without reference to the Shareholders 
subject to compliance of the provisions contained in the Companies Act, 2013 and other relevant statutes. 
 
 
 
      
 
===== [PAGE 182 of 182] prospectus\Information_Memorandum_2024.pdf =====
124  
DECLARATION 
 
All relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (to the extent notified and applicable), the rules made thereunder and 
the guidelines issued by the Government of India or the regulat ions issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
as the case may be, have been complied with and no statement ma de in this Information Memorandum is in contrary to 
the provision of the Companies Act, 2013 (to the extent notifie d and applicable), the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India Act, 1992 or the rules made thereunder. We further certify that all statements made in the Information Memorandum 
are true and correct. 
 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Forbes Precision Tools and Machine Parts Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Rupa Khanna 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Date: June 03, 2024 
Place: Mumbai 
 
 
 