
[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
August 11, 2024 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543223 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) Mumbai – 400051 
 
Name of Scrip: MAXIND 
 
Sub.: Notice of the 6th Annual General Meeting and Annual Report for the FY 2024-25. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 and 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to our letter dated August 6, 2025 
informing about the 6th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company scheduled to be held 
on Wednesday, September 3, 2025 at 1430 hrs. (IST) through Video Conference (“VC”)/Other 
Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) in compliance with circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs and SEBI in this regard, we wish to inform the following: 
 
(a) The Annual Report for the financial year 2024-25 and the notice of AGM are being sent 
through electronic mode to all the members of the Company whose email addresses 
are registered with the Company/Depository Participant(s). These documents are also 
available on the Company’s website at www.maxindia.com. 
 
 
(b) The Company is providing the facility to vote by electronic means (remote e-voting as 
well as e -voting at the AGM) on all the resolutions set out in the AGM notice to the 
members, who are holding shares on the cut-off date i.e. Wednesday, August 27, 2025. 
The remote e-voting will commence from Saturday, August 30, 2025 at 0900 hrs. and 
shall end on Tuesday, September 2, 2025, at 1700 hrs. 
 
(c) The Annual Report for the financial year 2024-25 and the Notice of AGM are enclosed 
herewith. 
 
You are requested to take note of the above.  
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully  
For Max India Limited 
 
 
Trapti 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enc.: as above 
[[PAGE 2]]
INSPIRE 
INNOVATE 
IMPACT 
Annual Report 2024-25 
J
MAX IINDIA
� LIMITED 
[[PAGE 3]]

[[PAGE 4]]
Annual Report 2024-25

[[PAGE 5]]
Scan the QR code for additional 
information about the Company
Forward-looking statements 
Some information in this report may contain forward-looking statements which include 
statements regarding Company’s expected financial position and results of operations, 
business plans and prospects etc. and are generally identified by forward-looking words 
such as “believe,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “may,” “will” or 
other similar words. Forward-looking statements are dependent on assumptions or basis 
underlying such statements. We have chosen these assumptions or basis in good faith, and 
we believe that they are reasonable in all material respects. However, we caution that actual 
results, performances or achievements could differ materially from those expressed or 
implied in such forwardlooking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise 
any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or 
otherwise.
T o know more about the Company log on to www.maxindia.com
[[PAGE 6]]
Contents
CORPORATE REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
04
81
08
99
10
105
12
22
131
26
209
29
50
72
Our Enterprise
Corporate Governance Report
Our Path 
General Shareholder Information
Our Values
Board’s Report
Board of Directors
Letter to Shareholders
Standalone Financial Statements
Business Review
Consolidated Financial Statements
Management Discussion and 
Analysis - Max India Ltd.
Management Discussion and 
Analysis - Antara
Business Responsibility  Review
Annual Report 2024-25 | 01 

[[PAGE 7]]
CORPORATE 
REVIEW

[[PAGE 8]]
CORPORATE 
REVIEW
CORPORATE 
REVIEW

[[PAGE 9]]
04 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
OUR ENTERPRISE
New Max India Limited (MIL) was formed in June 2020 
after Max India – the erstwhile arm of the $5 billion Max 
Group, India’s leading business conglomerate – merged 
its healthcare assets into Max Healthcare and demerged 
its senior care and other allied businesses in June 2020 
into a new wholly owned subsidiary called Advaita Allied 
Antara Senior Living Limited (ASLL) and Antara Assisted 
Care Services Limited (AACSL) are wholly owned 
subsidiaries of Max India Limited. The two main lines of 
businesses are Residence for Seniors and Assisted Care 
Services, which cater to all senior care needs. Antara’s 
first residential community in Dehradun comprises 
nearly 200 apartments spread across 14 acres of land. 
In 2020, it launched a new senior living facility in Noida’s 
Sector-150. With 340 apartments in its first phase of 
development, which are all sold out as on date, it will 
cater to the social, recreational, educational, wellness, 
and health-related needs of seniors. In 2024, it partnered 
with Max Estates to manage two senior living towers with 
292 units in the former’s intergenerational Community 
Estate 360. 
Max Group
Health Services Limited which was later renamed as Max 
India Limited. Max India is now the holding company of 
Max Group’s Senior Care business, i.e. Antara Senior 
Living Limited (Residences for Seniors) and Antara 
Assisted Care Services Limited (Care Homes, Care at 
Home, and Antara AGEasy).
Antara’s Assisted Care Services Limited include Care 
Homes, Care at Home and Antara AGEasy. This line of 
business caters primarily to seniors above the age of 55, 
who need more immersive interventions in their daily 
lives due to medical or age-related issues. Starting with 
its first facility in Gurugram, the Care Homes provide 
long-term care to seniors who require constant medical 
and nursing supervision, and short-term care services 
for the recuperation of seniors. Its Care at Home services 
in NCR, Bengaluru and Chennai, provide well-equipped, 
trained professionals offering care to seniors inside their 
home’s comfort. Antara AGEasy is a new-age holistic 
D2C platform that will help seniors manage common 
chronic concerns. It is designed to empower seniors 
to age with ease and joy through health and wellness 
products and solutions.
[[PAGE 10]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 05 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
OUR ENTERPRISE
Max Financial Services Limited (MFSL) is part of India’s 
leading business conglomerate – the Max Group. 
Focused on Life Insurance, MFSL actively manages an 
81% majority stake in Axis Max Life Insurance Limited 
(formerly known as Max Life Insurance Company 
Limited). Axis Max Life Insurance is a Joint Venture 
between Max Financial Services Limited and Axis 
Bank Limited. It offers comprehensive protection and 
long-term savings life insurance solutions, through its 
multichannel distribution including agency and third-
Axis Max Life Insurance (AMLI) is the material subsidiary 
of Max Financial Services Limited. AMLI a part of the 
$5-Bn Max group, an Indian multi business corporation 
– is India’s fourth largest private life insurance company. 
In FY25, AMLI reported an Embedded Value (EV) of 
`25,192 crores. The Operating Return on EV (RoEV) 
stood at 19.1%. The New Business Margin (NBM) for 
FY24 was 24% (at actual costs), and the Value of New 
Business (VNB) at `2,107 crores (at actual costs), with a 
growth of ~7%. On September 27, 2023, Max Financial 
Services Ltd. (MFSL) Shareholders approved the Axis 
Max Life Insurance (AMLI) proposal to raise further 
capital by way of a preferential issue of equity shares to 
Axis Bank, for an aggregate investment of up to `1,612 
crores in AMLI, at fair market value determined basis 
DCF methodology (Equity infusion). Pursuant to receipt 
of all regulatory approvals, Axis Bank had subscribed 
to 6.02% of the equity share capital of AMLI on April 
17, 2024. On completion of the Equity Infusion, Axis 
Entities collectively hold 19.02% of the equity share 
capital of AMLI and MFSL’s shareholding in AMLI stood 
reduced to 80.98% of the equity share capital of AMLI 
party distribution partners. The Company is listed on 
the NSE and BSE. Some of the past joint venture partners 
of Max Group include Radiant Life Care Private Limited, 
Bupa Finance Plc., Life Healthcare (South Africa), New 
Y ork Life, Hutchison T elecommunications, Motorola, 
Schering AG, Avent Inc., Gist-brocades (GB), The 
Upjohn Company, Comsat International Ventures and 
Atotech BV. These partnerships have consistently grown, 
developed, and matured into strong relationships.
effective party distribution partners. In addition, the 
Axis Entities would have the right to purchase 0.98% of 
the equity share capital of AMLI from the MFSL within 
the timeframe which was earlier agreed between the 
parties. AMLI has 476 branch units across India as of   
March  31,  2025
[[PAGE 11]]
06 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Max Estates Limited (MEL) is the Real Estate arm of 
Max Group. Established in 2016, Max Estates aspires to 
build sustainable, grade A developments in Delhi-NCR, 
with a focus on well-being. Every day, its endeavor is to 
consciously create a unique confluence of spaces that 
enable collaboration, innovation and community, and 
bring in the true essence of well-being to everyday life. 
Its current and planned developments are diversified 
across various asset classes, key strategic locations 
across Delhi-NCR. Max Estates in its pursuit of 
OUR ENTERPRISE
emerging as the most preferred brand in real estate 
in the NCR is driven by the desire to enhance 
well-being through its exceptional experiences 
across the residential and commercial segments 
anchored on its LiveWell and WorkWell philosophy. 
MEL has curated a portfolio of ~17 mn sq. ft. which is well 
diversified in terms of geographical footprint across Delhi 
– NCR (Gurugram, Noida and Delhi), asset class (both 
residential, commercial and mixed use) and risk spectrum 
(delivered, under construction and under design). 
[[PAGE 12]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 07 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Launched in 2008, Max India Foundation (MIF) 
represents the Max Group’s social responsibility 
efforts. It is focused on the creation of opportunities by 
empowering children through quality education. MIF’s 
initiative Social Emotional Ethical (SEE) Learning – a K-12 
education program aims to provide high quality, easy-
to-use curricular and a comprehensive framework for 
educators and students for their holistic development. In 
the past, the Foundation’s work focused on healthcare for 
the underprivileged. Since inception the foundation has 
benefitted more than 42.3 million people in over 800 
locations.
Max Asset Services Limited (MAS), a wholly owned 
subsidiary of MEL, focuses on providing real estate as 
a service in the form of facility management as well as 
community engagement and development. 
It aims to bring life into buildings by implementing the 
Max Estates’  WorkWell and LiveWell  philosophy 
through hospitality led ecosystem of amenities and 
services as well as curation of engaging events and 
experiences for its community.
 
Max I. Limited is MEL’s wholly owned subsidiary, which 
facilitates intellectual and financial capital to promising 
and proven early-stage organisations with focus on real 
estate synergistic to portfolio of Max Estates.
OUR ENTERPRISE

[[PAGE 13]]
08 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
T o be the most 
admired company 
for protecting and 
enhancing the  
wellbeing and 
future of our 
customers – the 
elderly population.
Our Vision
OUR PATH
[[PAGE 14]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 09 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Our Mission
Do what is right for our 
customers, and treat 
them fairly
Be the go-to standard for 
partnerships and alliances 
with all distributors and 
partners
Maintain cutting-edge 
standards of governance
Lead the market in quality 
and reputation
Be the most preferred 
category choice for 
customers, shareholders 
and employees
[[PAGE 15]]
10 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Sevabhav
We encourage a 
culture of service and 
helpfulness so that our 
actions positively impact 
society. Our commitment 
to Seva defines and 
differentiates us.
Credibility
We give you our 
word. And we stand 
by it. No matter what. 
A ‘No’ uttered with the deepest 
conviction is better than a ‘Y es’ 
merely uttered to please, or 
worse, to avoid trouble. Our 
words are matched by our 
actions and behaviour.
Excellence
We gather the experts 
and the expertise to 
deliver the best solutions 
for life’s many moments of 
truth. We never settle for 
good enough.
OUR VALUES
[[PAGE 16]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 11 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 17]]
Mr. Analjit Singh is the Founder & Chairman of the Max 
Group, a $5 billion Indian multi-business enterprise, with 
interests in life insurance (Axis Max Life), real estate 
(Max Estates), senior living (Antara). The Max Group is 
renowned for successful joint ventures with some pre-
eminent firms including Axis Bank, Mitsui Sumitomo & 
T oppan, Japan; New Y ork Life Insurance Company; Bupa 
Plc, Life Healthcare, SA; DSM, Netherlands, Hutchison 
Whampoa; Motorola, Lockheed Martin, and others. 
Amongst privately held family businesses, Mr. Analjit 
Singh is the founder of Leeu Collection, a group of leisure 
boutique hotels in Franschhoek, South Africa; The Lake 
District, UK; and soon to be opened in Florence, Italy. 
The Leeu Collection also includes a significant presence 
in the wine and viticulture sector through Mullineux 
Leeu Family Wines in SA, a four-time winner of ‘Platters 
Winery of the year’ over the past 9 years. In addition, the 
private arm has a substantial investment in Alajmo SpA, 
Italy and Riga Foods, India.
Mr. Analjit Singh was awarded the Padma Bhushan, 
India’s third highest civilian honour, by the President 
of India in 2011. An alumnus of The Doon School and 
Shri Ram College of Commerce, University of Delhi, Mr. 
Analjit Singh holds an MBA from the Graduate School of 
Management, Boston University. He has been conferred 
with an honorary doctorate by Amity University.  He also 
serves as the Honorary Consul General of the Republic of 
San Marino in India. 
Mr. Analjit Singh is the Chairman of the listed companies of 
Max Group, viz., Max Financial Services Limited, Max India 
Limited and Max Estates Limited and earlier, the Founder 
Chairman of Max Life Insurance Company Limited; Max 
Healthcare; Hutchison Max T elecom; Max Bupa and so 
on. He also served as a Director on the Board of Sofina NV /
SA, Belgium till March 2022 and was the Non-Executive 
Chairman of Vodafone India till August 2018. 
Mr. Analjit Singh was a member of the Founder Executive 
Board of the Indian School of Business (ISB), India’s top 
ranked B-School and has served as Chairman of the 
Board of Governors of The Indian Institute of T echnology, 
The Doon School and Welham Girls’ School. In addition, 
he served on the Prime Minister’s Indo US CEO and Indo 
UK CEO Council for over a decade. 
He has been felicitated by Senator Hillary Clinton, former 
US Secretary of State, on behalf of the Indian American 
Centre for Political Awareness for his outstanding 
achievement in presenting the international community 
with an understanding of a modern and vibrant India and 
for creating several successful joint ventures with leading 
American companies and promoting business ties with 
the USA. 
He has been honoured with the Ernst and Y oung 
Entrepreneur of the Y ear Award (Service Category) and 
the Golden Peacock Award for Leadership and Service 
Excellence. In 2014 he was awarded with Spain’s second 
highest civilian honour, the Knight Commander of the 
Order of Queen Isabella and the Distinguished Alumni 
Award from Boston University.
12 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MR. ANALJIT SINGH 
Founder and Chairman
Max Group
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
[[PAGE 18]]
Ms. T ara Singh Vachani is the Vice-Chairperson of Max 
India Limited and the Executive Chairperson of Antara 
Senior Living Limited. 
As founder of Antara Senior Care, her vision was to give 
a new dimension to the senior care space in India. In line 
with its vision to be the most trusted brand for seniors 
and their families, Antara has positively impacted over 
60,000 lives through its various offerings that cater to 
the evolving lifestyle and lifecare needs of the elderly. 
Antara encompasses five verticals – Residences for 
Seniors, Care Homes, Care at Home, MedCare and 
Antara AGEasy.
T ara is also the Managing T rustee of Max India 
Foundation, a role she is extremely passionate about. 
Max India Foundation plays an active role in the not-for-
profit space through grant giving for capacity building in 
the education sector and runs a programme on Social 
Emotional Ethical (SEE) Learning in collaboration with 
Emory University, now a separate entity - The Karuna 
Practice. T ara is a partner in Learning Matters, which 
is a dynamic, child-centred education organisation for 
children, parents and educators. Throughout her journey, 
T ara remains a dedicated learner and embodies the core 
values of Max Group, including Sevabhav, Excellence, 
and Credibility. Her achievements are widely recognised. 
T ara was named a member of the Y oung Global Leaders 
by the World Economic Forum in 2020 and featured as 
one of the ‘40 under 40’ leaders in The Economic Times 
in 2018. 
T ara has a major in Politics and South Asian Studies at 
the National University of Singapore, supplemented 
by courses in Strategy Management at the London 
School of Economics and Hospitality Business Strategy 
and Management at Ecole hôtelière de Lausanne, 
Switzerland. She is an avid traveller who maintains a 
deep connection with India, driven by her love for family 
and country. Known for her organisational skills and 
pursuit of perfection, T ara’s interests include reading and 
theatre, and she is always looking for new experiences. 
As the youngest child of the renowned business leader 
and visionary, Mr. Analjit Singh, she is married to Mr. 
Sahil Vachani and is a proud mother of two daughters.
Annual Report 2024-25 | 13 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MS. TARA SINGH VACHANI  
Vice-Chairperson, Max India and  
Executive Chairperson, Antara

[[PAGE 19]]
Mr. Rajit Mehta is the Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer of Antara Senior Living Ltd., a subsidiary 
of Max India Limited that pioneers the concept of ‘Age 
in Place’ by developing senior living communities. He 
is also the Managing Director of Max India Ltd and 
provides oversight/ advisory for the HR function across 
the Max Group. 
Rajit is the Chairman of ASLI (Association of Senior Living 
organisations in India) and the founding board member of 
Dementia India Alliance (DIA), a non-profit organisation. 
He is also an Independent Director on the board of Dr Lal 
PathLabs and a Member of the Accreditation Board for 
the Healthcare Sector Skill Council. 
As Antara’s MD and CEO, Rajit is spearheading its 
strategy to create an integrated care ecosystem for 
Seniors. Under his leadership Antara has expanded 
its residences for Seniors business, launched Antara 
Assisted Care Services comprising Care Homes, Memory 
Care Homes, and Care at Home verticals. In late 2023, 
Antara launched its products business, AGEasy, which 
is an online/ offline store for products and solutions for 
Seniors to help them manage chronic concerns. The 
mission is to help Seniors age with ease and joy. In the 
last few years, the market cap of Max India has grown  
~3x, from `300 crores to ~`1000 crores. 
Previously, Rajit has served as the MD & CEO for Max 
Healthcare where he led a transformation journey for 
Max Healthcare through a 5C framework, comprising 
Care, Clinical Excellence, Cohesion, Commitment 
and Compliance. He also successfully helped Max 
Healthcare achieve its vision of being the most admired 
healthcare company in India known for clinical and 
service excellence. Under Rajit’s leadership, MHC made 
two large acquisitions which significantly increased its 
footprint in NCR. He led the seeding of alternate business 
models in Home Care, Diagnostics and Oncology Day 
care, keeping in mind emerging trends and to secure 
future growth. Under his watch, the company doubled 
its earnings (EBITDA), revenue and valuation within a 
5-year period. 
Rajit has also been a founder member of Max Life 
Insurance and was instrumental in helping Max Life 
become an admired and profitable Company. During 
his tenure at Max Life as Chief Operating Officer, he 
undertook additional responsibilities as the Chief 
T ransformation Officer and provided oversight on 
execution of key initiatives; designing and implementing 
new work systems; aligning key stakeholders; rationalising 
the cost structure to improve profitability; and laying 
down a comprehensive change management agenda. 
Rajit has played a strategic role in helping Max Life 
expand its distribution footprint across India including 
facilitating a project to “Revamp Sales processes”. The 
project culminated in Rajit co-authoring a book titled 
“Growth Leadership Practices at Max Life”. He was also 
the co-lead for Project Max Vijay, an innovative retail 
business model aimed at providing protection and long-
term wealth creation opportunities to the underserved 
segments in India. The initiative was recognised with the 
Golden Peacock Award at London in September 2008 
and Asia Insurance Industry Award – Innovation of the 
year in Singapore in November 2009. 
MR. RAJIT MEHTA  
Managing Director, Max India Limited and 
MD & CEO, Antara
14 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 20]]
During his tenure as Chief Operating Officer, Max Life 
progressed its Quality & Service Excellence journey. 
This included putting a Service Blueprint in place, 
implementing a comprehensive outsourcing strategy to 
impact customer experience and cost and embedding 
the Max Performance framework in the business. 
Rajit mentored the setting up of Max Skill First (MSF), 
which was providing learning and skilling solutions to 
all Max Group companies as well as to a few external 
organisations in the financial services space. 
Prior to Max Life Insurance, he was the Director – Personnel 
at Bank of America and has also worked with HCL. His 
total experience spans 3 decades. Rajit is a graduate in 
Commerce, postgraduate in Human Resources and has 
also attended an Advanced Management Program at 
INSEAD – France. He is the recipient of the Chairman’s 
Award at Max Life Insurance. 
Mr. Mohit T alwar brings a wealth of experience of over 
40 years in Corporate Finance and Investment Banking. 
He spent 24 years in Wholesale Banking in Standard 
Chartered, ANZ Grindlays and Bank of Nova Scotia. Prior 
to this, he spent almost 6 years with the Oberoi Group. 
Mr. T alwar joined Max Financial Services Limited, the 
holding company of the Company (MFSL) on November 
1, 2007, as Director-Business Development. He was 
appointed as the Deputy Managing Director of MFSL on 
February 14, 2012. Mr. T alwar was thereafter elevated as 
the Managing Director of MFSL with effect from January 
15, 2016, for a period of five years. Further, Mr. T alwar was 
also appointed as the Managing Director of Erstwhile 
Max India Limited for a period of five years with effect 
from January 15, 2016. He was also the Vice Chairman of 
Max Group of companies. 
Mr. Mohit T alwar has been associated as a Non-executive 
Director of the Company with Axis Max Life Insurance 
Ltd. w.e.f. January 30, 2016.
During his tenure with the Max Group, he has successfully 
leveraged his relationships with institutional investors, 
hedge funds, banks and private equity firms and has 
led several complex corporate finance and financial 
structuring deals to ensure adequate investment and 
liquidity for the Group’s operations. Given his wealth of 
experience and the critical matters which are handled 
by him, the Board of Directors of MFSL engaged him as 
a Business Advisor to MFSL on completion of his term 
as the Managing Director of the Company with effect 
from January 15, 2023. Mr. Mohit T alwar is a post-
graduate from St. Stephen’s College and completed 
his management studies in Hospitality from the  
Oberoi School.
MR. MOHIT TALWAR  
Non-Executive Director
Annual Report 2024-25 | 15 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 21]]
Ms. Sharmila T agore is a highly experienced senior actor 
of the Indian Film Industry. She began her career in films 
in the year 1959, with the internationally renowned film 
maker Satyajit Ray. 
She has won National Film Awards and Filmfare Awards 
for her various performances. The ministry of Culture 
and Communications of the Government of France had 
honoured her, in the year, 1999, by making her an “Officer 
de L’Ordre des Arts et des Lettres” (Officer of the Order 
of Arts and Letters). 
Apart from cinema, she has supported Venu Eye Institute 
for their contribution to cataract and corneal transplant 
surgery. She has also worked with UNICEF for HIV and 
AIDS and infant & maternal mortality issues. 
Currently she is a trustee of the PSBT (Public Service 
& Broadcast T rust). She supports socio cultural and 
communal harmony projects. She works actively for acid 
survivors and domestic violence victims.  In 2013 she was 
awarded Padma Bhushan by the Government of India.
MS. SHARMILA TAGORE  
Independent Director
16 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 22]]
Mr. Pradeep Pant is a highly experienced senior business 
leader. Post his retirement from corporate roles he is now 
involved in business consulting, education and serves 
on several board positions. Mr. Pant has over 38 years 
of experience in the FMCG industry. He is an expert 
in building businesses in both mature and emerging 
markets. He has managed a wide range of iconic brands 
across some of the world’s fastest growing and complex 
emerging markets including China, India, Russia, T urkey, 
Middle East and ASEAN as well as developed markets 
like ANZ, Japan, Korea. 
Pradeep has a deep understanding of market dynamics 
and cultural diversity. He has a proven track record and 
passion for turning organisations around.
In his last corporate role Mr. Pant served as Executive Vice 
President and President of Asia Pacific (AP) and Eastern 
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EEMEA) for Mondelēz 
International till end 2013. Mondelēz International 
consists of the global snacking and food brands of the 
former Kraft Foods Inc and Cadbury. Pradeep served as 
President, Asia Pacific, since 2008 and then he assumed 
responsibility for the EEMEA region as well in 2012. 
Previously, Mr. Pant was Regional Managing Director for 
Asia, Africa and the Middle East for Fonterra Brands. He 
was a member of the Fonterra leadership team as well as 
the company’s global brands marketing group. Prior to 
Fonterra, he spent 19 years with The Gillette Company 
working in India, Russia, T urkey and as President Asia 
Pacific. Mr. Pant has also worked with Nestle, J Walter 
Thompson and the T ata group. 
Mr. Pant is the Founding President of Food Industry 
Asia (FIA) and now serves as Honorary Advisor to the 
Council. He was an Advisory Board Member of SMU 
Lee Kong Chian School of Business 2010-2018 and an 
Affiliated Faculty, Centre for Marketing Excellence and 
Dean’s Fellow till 2024. 
He was on the Supervisory Boards of Royal DSM N.V. 
Netherlands and continued on the board of DSM 
Firmenich till May,2024 after the merger of the two 
companies. He is a Board member at Max Life Insurance 
Company, Niva BUPA Health Insurance, Max India and 
Antara Senior Living. He is also Chairman of Nurasa Pte 
Ltd, the Asia Sustainable Foods platform wholly owned 
by T emasek as well as its holding company Nurasa 
Holdings Pte Ltd.
MR. PRADEEP PANT  
Independent Director
Annual Report 2024-25 | 17 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 23]]
Mr. Niten Malhan is the founder and partner of New Mark 
Advisors LLP, an investment firm focused on bringing 
a private markets approach to investing in the public 
markets. Prior to founding New Mark Advisors LLP in 
April 2018, he was the managing director and cohead of 
India at Warburg Pincus India Private Limited (“Warburg 
Pincus”), a global private equity firm. 
Mr. Malhan joined Warburg Pincus in 2001 and became 
a partner at the firm in 2007. In 2012, he was appointed 
the co-head of the India business, co-leading a team of 15 
investment professionals and a portfolio of over $3 billion 
in value. Between 2012 and 2017, Mr. Malhan was also a 
member of the global executive management group of 
the firm, a group of senior partners who lead different 
offices and industry groups at Warburg Pincus. 
Prior to joining Warburg Pincus, he worked as director 
of business development at Stratum 8, a Silicon Valley 
technology start-up company. Before that, he was an 
engagement manager at McKinsey & Company, and 
worked in the India, South East Asia and Boston offices 
of the firm. 
Mr. Malhan has served as member of the board of 
directors of several investee companies including 
Alliance Tire Company, Avtech, Cleanmax Solar, DB Corp, 
Diligent Power Private Limited, Embassy Industrial Parks, 
Havells India Limited, Laurus Labs, Lemon T ree Hotels, 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited and Sintex Industries 
Limited. 
He currently serves as an Independent Director on 
the boards of Max Estates Limited, Lemon T ree Hotels 
Limited, Max India Limited, Antara Senior Living Limited, 
Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited, Antara Assisted 
Care Services Limited and Fleur Hotels Private Limited. 
Mr. Malhan has also served as the vice-chairman of the 
Indian Venture Capital and Private Equity Association 
and is a Founder and T rustee of Plaksha University. 
Mr. Malhan studied Computer Science & Engineering at 
Indian Institute of T echnology, New Delhi, and completed 
his Post Graduate Diploma in Management from Indian 
Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.
MR. NITEN MALHAN  
Independent Director
18 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 24]]
Mr. Rohit Kapoor is the CEO of the Food Delivery and 
Dineout businesses at Swiggy, which is ranked as one of 
the top 10 food delivery companies globally. 
Before Swiggy, he was the CEO for India and Southeast Asia 
operations at OYO with additional charge as Global CMO. 
Mr. Kapoor was associated with the Max group for 7 
years, most notably for 5 years with Max Healthcare 
where he was on the board as an Executive Director. 
Mr. Kapoor spent nearly a decade prior to this with 
McKinsey & Company, serving clients in India, Singapore, 
Canada, Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong. He had multi-
sectoral exposure across banking, insurance, real estate 
and education. He also co-led recruitment for McKinsey 
& Company at IIMs and ISBs. 
Mr. Kapoor is an alumnus of Indian School of Business, 
where he was ranked amongst the top 5 students and 
was the best all-round student of the year. Rohit was 
recognised as one of ISBs most influential alumni in the 
book - ISB Portraits. Rohit is also Certified Chartered 
Financial Analyst (CFA Institute, USA).
MR. ROHIT KAPOOR   
Independent Director
Annual Report 2024-25 | 19 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 25]]
Dr. Ajit Singh is the Managing Director and Partner at 
Artiman Ventures, focused on early-stage technology 
and life science investments, with $1.2 Billion assets 
under management. He is on the board of directors 
of Artiman portfolio companies in healthcare and life 
sciences. Additionally, he serves as the Chairman of 
the Board of Directors of Sofie Biosciences and Summer 
Bio as a Director on the Board of Directors of Harbinger 
Health, Artidis AG and Leo Cancer Care. 
Dr. Singh is an Adjunct Professor in the School of 
Medicine at Stanford University. He is also a member of 
the Board of T rustees of American Association for cancer 
Research (AACR) foundation, the oldest and the largest 
cancer research organisation globally. In the past, Ajit 
has served as a Senior Advisor to the Board of T rustees 
of T ata T rusts and as a Lead Director on the Board of 
Directors of Max Healthcare. 
Prior to joining Artiman, Dr. Singh was the President 
and CEO of Biolmagene, a digital pathology company 
specialising in Cancer Diagnostics which was acquired 
by Roche. Before Biolmagene, Dr. Singh spent nearly 
twenty years at Siemens in various roles, most recently 
as the global Chief Executive Officer of the Digital 
Imaging Systems business of Siemens Healthcare, 
based in Germany. From 2001-2006, Dr. Singh was 
the President and CEO of the Siemens Oncology 
Care Systems, with global headquarters in Concord, 
California. Between 1996-2001, Dr. Singh held the 
positions of Group Vice President of Siemens e-Health 
and Vice President of Siemens Health Services based in 
Princeton, NJ, where he led the company’s Healthcare IT 
business and Consulting Practice. Before transitioning to 
these business responsibilities, Dr. Singh spent several 
years in R&D and academia. From 1989-1995, he was at 
Siemens corporate Research in Princeton, responsible for 
research in the areas of artificial intelligence, robotics, 
computer vision and image analysis. During this time, 
he concurrently served on the faculty at Princeton 
University. 
Dr. Singh has a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Columbia 
University, a master’s degree in Computer Engineering 
from Syracuse University and a bachelor’s degree in 
Electrical Engineering from Banaras Hindu University, 
India. He has published two books and numerous 
refereed articles and holds five patents.
DR. AJIT SINGH  
Independent Director
20 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 26]]
STRATEGIC 
REVIEWSTRATEGIC 
REVIEW

[[PAGE 27]]
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
India’s economic resilience continues to shine through 
with 6.5% GDP growth in FY25, accelerating to 
7.4% in the final quarter. Our nation’s strong policy 
framework encompassing digitalisation, infrastructure 
development, and manufacturing excellence has 
created a robust foundation that enables businesses to 
thrive despite global uncertainties.
Analjit Singh
Founder & Chairman
In its next growth phase, Antara is poised to evolve 
into India’s leading integrated senior care ecosystem. 
Our footprint is expanding across geographies with 
new Residences for Seniors projects in Chandigarh 
and Gurugram, while our Care Homes network in NCR, 
Bengaluru and Chennai is growing. We are reaching 
customers across the country with our D2C products 
and solutions, Antara AGEasy, which has served over 2 
lakh customers within year one of its operation.
Rajit Mehta
Managing Director
India’s senior care sector stands at an inflection point 
with tremendous growth potential ahead. As our senior 
population approaches 350 million by 2050 and the 
market expands five-fold to $12 billion by 2030, we 
see increasing acceptance of organised senior care 
services. Rise of nuclear families and improved health 
consciousness among seniors is creating strong 
demand for comprehensive care solutions.
T ara Singh Vachani
Vice-Chairperson
22 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 28]]
Dear Shareholders,
Greetings!
As we reflect on fiscal year 2024-25, we are pleased 
to share India’s continued economic progress amidst a 
dynamic global landscape. While international markets 
experienced volatility due to ongoing geopolitical 
developments, India demonstrated remarkable economic 
stability and growth momentum.
India delivered solid economic performance with GDP 
growth of 6.5% in FY25, maintaining robust expansion 
by global standards. The acceleration in economic 
activity in the final quarter was particularly encouraging 
wherein the country achieved a strong 7.4% growth rate, 
reflecting the underlying strength and resilience of our 
domestic economy.
India’s economic fundamentals are underpinned by 
strong government policy support across multiple 
dimensions. The government’s sustained focus on 
infrastructure development, digitalisation initiatives, and 
manufacturing capabilities continues to drive economic 
growth. Key policy frameworks including the Production 
Linked Incentive schemes, Digital India initiatives, and 
the emphasis on sustainable development have created 
a conducive environment for business expansion. The 
continued investment in digital infrastructure and the 
push towards formalisation of the economy through 
technology adoption provide a stable foundation for 
long-term growth. 
TRANSFORMING SENIOR CARE IN INDIA
FY25 marked a pivotal year in our transformation journey 
as we strengthened fundamental building blocks for 
future scale up. This phase of our growth represents 
a fundamental shift towards becoming India’s most 
comprehensive integrated senior care provider, with 
our vision centred on building a holistic ecosystem that 
seamlessly integrates lifestyle and lifecare services. This 
evolution, once complete, will make us a single, trusted 
platform for complete continuum of care services.
The demographic opportunity before us is substantial. 
India’s senior population is projected to cross 350 
million by 2050, representing one of the fastest-growing 
demographic segments globally. The specialised 
residential market for seniors is expected to expand to 
approximately $12 billion by 2030, up from its current 
size of $2-3 billion. With a penetration rate of merely 1.3% 
compared to over 6% in mature markets, we are operating 
in a market with considerable headroom for growth. 
This positions Antara uniquely to capitalise on India’s 
demographic transition while leveraging Max Group’s 
proven legacy in healthcare, hospitality, and infrastructure 
to deliver integrated care solutions.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND STRATEGIC 
CAPITAL DEPLOYMENT
Our financial performance in FY25 reflects the nature of 
our investment cycle as we build scale across all business 
verticals. Consolidated revenue for the year stood at 
`164.2 crores compared to `194.7 crores in FY24. The dip 
in revenue was largely due to higher leases of apartments 
in Antara Purukul in FY24 and only remaining inventory 
of apartments were leased out in FY25.
The consolidated EBITDA loss of `99.2 crores in FY25, 
compared to `34.3 crores in FY24, was in line with 
our strategic investment plan. This increase reflects 
our deliberate investments in expanding bed capacity, 
entering new markets, and scaling Antara AGEasy. 
Antara 3.0 represents 
a shift towards 
becoming India’s most 
comprehensive integrated 
senior care provider. This 
evolution, once complete, 
will make us a single, 
trusted platform for 
complete continuum of 
care services
Annual Report 2024-25 | 23 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 29]]
We have remained vigilant and maintained strong cost 
control and efficient treasury management throughout 
this investment phase.
Our capital position remains robust. During the year, 
we successfully completed a rights issue raising 
`124.23 crores through the issuance of 82,81,973 fully 
paid-up equity shares at `150 per share. The offering 
was oversubscribed 1.44 times. The oversubscription 
indicates stronger-than-anticipated investor interest, 
and reaffirms market confidence in Max India Limited’s 
expanding portfolio through its subsidiaries. 
The funds raised through the rights issue will be 
strategically deployed towards growth and the Company 
intends to utilise majority of the proceeds towards 
funding the brand and marketing activities, and working 
capital requirements of its wholly owned subsidiary, i.e. 
Antara Assisted Care Services Limited (AACSL). This 
capital infusion supports the Company’s broader strategy 
to build and scale a senior-centric health and wellness 
platform. The company remains focused on delivering 
top-line growth, margin improvement, and sustainable 
value creation. 
Additionally, the Company concluded the monetisation 
of our non-core asset - three floors at Max T owers, Noida 
- for around `105 crores in May 2025, strengthening our 
liquidity position. 
With this, Max India Limited is uniquely positioned 
to capitalise on emerging opportunities in the senior 
care ecosystem. The company remains committed to 
delivering high-quality, people centric infrastructure and 
care  while building long-term value for its stakeholders.
BUSINESS VERTICAL PERFORMANCE
Antara Senior Living Limited (ASLL) continued to 
demonstrate strong market acceptance. The second 
intergenerational community project in Gurugram, 
being developed by our group company, achieved 90% 
sale of inventory, with cumulative sale of 260 units and 
collections of `239 crores with a collection efficiency of 
approximately 94%. 
For our Noida Phase I project, the flats are ready for 
possession and occupancy approvals are awaited. Our 
Dehradun community, Antara Purukul, continues to 
maintain its cash-positive operations with a surplus of 
`85 crores as on March 31, 2025.
Looking ahead, we have secured definitive agreements 
for expansion. The Chandigarh project covers 8.22 
acres with approximately 1.01 million square feet of 
development area. We have also partnered with Max 
Estates Limited for their second intergenerational 
community in Gurugram, spanning 18.24 acres with  
1 million square feet of senior living development.
AACSL delivered strong performance across all segments. 
Our Care Homes vertical achieved 38% revenue growth 
with approximately 300 beds operational across NCR 
and Bengaluru. We have expanded our footprint further in 
southern India, launching Care Homes in Chennai as well.
Our customer satisfaction scores remain consistently 
high at 92% for Care at Home and 95% for Care Homes. 
Antara AGEasy - our online/ offline store offering products 
and solutions for management of chronic conditions 
- has shown vigorous growth, establishing an Annual 
Revenue Run-rate of over `75 crores. Since its inception 
a year ago, we have served over 2 lakh customers with a 
strong portfolio of 65+ products across 180+ SKUs for 
fall prevention, mobility and joint care, respiratory health 
and general wellness. The platform’s strong marketplace 
presence, contributing to over 70% of online revenue, 
demonstrates our effective omnichannel strategy.
Max India Limited is 
uniquely positioned to 
capitalise on emerging 
opportunities in the 
senior care ecosystem. 
The company remains 
committed to delivering 
high-quality, people centric 
infrastructure and care  
while building long-term 
value for its stakeholders
24 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 30]]
Our revenue trajectory demonstrates momentum 
across all business verticals. Unit economics across 
our operations validate our path to EBITDA-positive 
performance, with proven models like Dehradun already 
demonstrating sustainable profitability.
The path ahead involves disciplined execution, leveraging 
technology, strengthening our product differentiators, 
retaining talent and deepening our service offerings to 
create an admirable integrated senior care ecosystem. 
Our substantial liquidity position provides the runway 
necessary for these growth initiatives while maintaining 
financial flexibility.
We remain committed to our vision of becoming the 
most comprehensive integrated senior care provider 
in India. Through Antara 3.0, we are building authentic 
relationships with seniors and their families, creating an 
ecosystem where quality care, lifestyle enhancement, 
and dignity converge. With Max Group’s proven legacy 
and our team’s unwavering dedication, we are uniquely 
positioned to lead the transformation of India’s senior 
care industry.
With all good wishes and gratitude for your support 
and contribution!!
Analjit Singh
 Founder & Chairman 
T ara Singh Vachani 
Vice-Chairperson 
Rajit Mehta 
Managing Director
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE AND INDUSTRY 
RECOGNITION
Our commitment to operational excellence has earned 
industry recognition. Antara Memory Care Home in 
Gurugram became India’s first NABH accredited care 
home, positioning us as a quality standard-setter in the 
senior care industry.
Antara Senior Care won ‘Operator of the Y ear - Senior 
Living’ Award at 13th Asia Pacific Eldercare Innovation 
Awards 2025, where our flagship senior living 
community, Antara Purukul, was adjudged ‘Facility of 
the Y ear – Senior Living’, and its Memory Care Home 
emerged ‘Facility of the Y ear – Residential Aged Care’. 
The Dehradun community, Antara Purukul, also received 
the first ASLI Certificate of Excellence – a first-of-its-
kind industry-led voluntary assessment dedicated to 
elevating standards across the senior care ecosystem, to 
help create transparency and build trust among senior 
buyers.
FUTURE OUTLOOK AND STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
As we look toward FY26, our focus remains on scaling 
up across all business verticals while maintaining our 
commitment to operational excellence. The senior 
care market in India presents compelling investment 
opportunities driven by demographic transformation and 
increasing acceptance of organised care services. We 
are strategically positioned to capitalise on this growth 
while transitioning from our current investment phase to 
operational profitability.
Annual Report 2024-25 | 25 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 31]]
BUSINESS REVIEW
Antara Senior Living - Dehradun
Q4FY24 Q1FY25 Q2FY25 Q3FY25 Q4FY25
Operational Revenue (` Crores)
6.6
5.4
6.2 6.1
6.7
Antara Senior Living - Gurugram*
Q2FY25 Q3FY25 Q4FY25
Collection (` Crores)
*Estate 360 developed by Max Estates Limited, managed by Antara
107
124
239
Collection (` Crores)
Antara Senior Living - Noida Ph-I
342
351
358
382
394
Q4FY24 Q1FY25 Q2FY25 Q3FY25 Q4FY25
Cumulative Sales and Collection Trend
143.6 156.7
290.9
722.6
984.6
Q4FY24 Q1FY25 Q2FY25 Q3FY25 Q4FY25
Revenue (` Lakh)
Antara AGEasy
Offline Products
274.2 313.5 370.5 550.0 671.5
26 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 32]]
Care at Home
2826 2811 2859 2745 2548
Q4FY24 Q1FY25 Q2FY25 Q3FY25 Q4FY25
Patient Served (Nos.)
Care at Home
Q4FY24 Q1FY25 Q2FY25 Q3FY25 Q4FY25
Revenue (` Lakhs)
302.9
375.6
432.6
456.7 461.2
Care Homes
Q4FY24 Q1FY25 Q2FY25 Q3FY25 Q4FY25
Revenue (` Lakhs)
140.9 153.9
167.9
205.2
234.3
Care Homes
2320
2561 2633
3007 3592
Q4FY24
62
Bed
Capacity
Q1FY25
62
Q2FY25
115
Q3FY25
198
Q4FY25
296
Occupancy (Bed Days)
Annual Report 2024-25 | 27 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 33]]
MANAGEMENT  
DISCUSSION &  
ANALYSIS

[[PAGE 34]]
MANAGEMENT  
DISCUSSION &  
ANALYSISMANAGEMENT  
DISCUSSION &  
ANALYSIS

[[PAGE 35]]
RAJIT MEHTA  
Managing Director
30 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
India’s senior living industry is 
positioned for sustained growth, 
innovation, and heightened 
institutional interest in the 
coming years… Simultaneously, 
cultural attitudes are 
evolving, with more families 
recognising the benefits 
of environments that 
promote active, fulfilling 
lifestyles for seniors

[[PAGE 36]]
INDIAN ECONOMIC OUTLOOK
The global landscape in the past year was characterised 
by significant political transitions, with more than half of 
the world’s population participating in major elections 
across countries. This occurred alongside continued 
geopolitical tensions, trade policy uncertainties, and 
regional conflicts that impacted energy markets, 
food security, and global supply chains. In this global 
environment, India maintained its growth momentum, 
demonstrating notable resilience amid widespread 
economic challenges.
The latest economic data shows India’s GDP grew by 
6.5% in FY25 – robust by global standards despite being 
lower than the previous year’s 9.2%. The economy 
showed strong momentum in the final quarter, with 
Q4 FY25 recording an impressive 7.4% growth rate, 
exceeding economist forecasts of 6.7%. Moreover, 
India’s growth trajectory remains one of the strongest 
among all major economies of the world.
The industrial sector showed mixed performance in FY25, 
with construction emerging as a standout performer, 
driving robust industrial growth alongside electricity 
and utility sectors. This impressive performance has 
been driven by robust infrastructure development and 
sustained housing demand. Services continued to be 
the powerhouse of India’s economy throughout the year, 
with strong performance across financial services, real 
estate, professional services, and public administration. 
High-frequency indicators reflected robust performance 
– PMI services remained in the expansionary zone, hotel 
occupancy rates held steady, and air cargo activity grew 
in double digits.
On the demand side, private consumption strengthened 
considerably, with its share in GDP at current prices 
estimated to increase to 61.4% in FY25 – the highest 
Management Discussion & 
Analysis - Max India Limited
in 20 years; according to the Ministry of Finance, this 
increase is driven by rise in rural demand. The Household 
Consumption Expenditure Survey 2023-24 highlights the 
narrowing urban-rural gap in consumption expenditure, 
indicating a more balanced economic recovery across 
urban and rural areas.
The economy demonstrated stability on multiple 
fronts – inflation continued to moderate significantly, 
falling to just 2.1% in June 2025, well below 5.4% in 
FY24. The forex reserves are in a healthy state. They 
breached the $700 billion benchmark by September 
2024 and then moderated to $ 640. billion by the end of 
December 2024. These reserves are sufficient to cover 
approximately 90% of India’s external debt, reflecting a 
strong buffer against external vulnerabilities. Overseas 
Indians sent home a record $129 billion in 2024, with the 
country receiving over $100 billion as remittances for the 
third consecutive year. 
Looking ahead to FY26, India’s economic prospects 
appear well-balanced, with growth projected in the 
range of 6.3% to 6.8%. The country is well-positioned 
to navigate global challenges while capitalising on 
domestic growth drivers, particularly in consumption 
and investment.
SENIOR CARE INDUSTRY OUTLOOK
Longer lives represent one of humanity’s greatest 
achievements. As demographics evolve globally, India 
stands at a pivotal moment in its journey of population 
aging, creating unprecedented opportunities in the 
senior living sector.
India currently hosts the world’s second-largest elderly 
population with ~156 million people aged 60 and above. 
This demographic is expanding rapidly, with projections 
indicating 30% growth to 191.5 million by 2030 and 
nearly doubling to almost 350 million by 2050, when at 
Annual Report 2024-25 | 31 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 37]]
32 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 38]]
least one in every five persons would be 60+ 
years of age. Simultaneously, in this period, 
the old-age dependency ratio is expected to 
nearly double from 17% to 33%, necessitating 
specialised housing and care solutions beyond 
traditional family support systems.
Healthcare challenges among India’s 
elderly population underline the urgency for 
specialised care infrastructure. Recent studies 
reveal that three in four seniors have chronic 
diseases, while 40% experience some form of 
disability. Globally, approximately one in two 
elderly struggle with activities of daily living 
and one in four exhibit depressive symptoms. 
These statistics highlight the growing need for 
comprehensive care solutions tailored to the 
elderly.
The evolving social fabric of Indian society 
is further driving demand for senior living 
and care options. T raditional joint family 
structures are giving way to nuclear families, 
creating gaps in traditional elder care systems. 
Concurrently, today’s seniors typically 
possess greater financial independence and 
retirement savings than previous generations, 
enabling them to consider specialised living 
arrangements aligned with their preferences 
and needs. These statistics highlight areas of 
opportunity. 
Despite these demographic and social 
shifts, the senior living market in India 
remains significantly underpenetrated at just 
1.3%, compared to mature markets where 
penetration exceeds 6%. This gap represents 
substantial growth potential. The target 
market for senior living facilities is estimated 
at approximately 1.57 million households in 
2024, projected to expand to 2.27 million 
households by 2030. Within this broader 
market, demand for assisted living and senior 
care facilities specifically catering to the 75+ 
demographic is expected to grow from 0.36 
million to 0.59 million households during this 
period.
Annual Report 2024-25 | 33 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 39]]
Recognising these trends, government initiatives in 
2024 expanded the Atal Vayo Abhyuday Y ojana and 
National Programme for Health Care of the Elderly. 
The government has also strengthened the Senior Care 
Economy Growth and Empowerment initiative, and 
established National Accreditation Board for Hospitals 
& Healthcare Providers (NABH) accreditation norms 
specifically for Memory Care Homes.
The geographic distribution of senior care facilities 
shows concentration in southern India (60% market 
share), followed by northern India (20%), western India 
(16%), and eastern India (4%). While independent living 
Longer lives represent 
one of humanity’s 
greatest achievements. 
As demographics evolve 
globally, India stands at 
a pivotal moment in its 
journey of population aging, 
creating unprecedented 
opportunities in the senior 
living sector
34 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 40]]
units currently dominate inventory (85%), assisted living 
and skilled care segments are gaining momentum as 
providers respond to diverse senior needs. As societies 
mature, the changing age demographics are again likely 
to present phased growth opportunities. 
The senior care sector is witnessing increased 
technological integration for health monitoring, 
emergency response, and social engagement. All 
these factors indicate that India’s senior living industry 
is positioned for sustained growth, innovation, and 
heightened institutional interest in the coming years.
Simultaneously, cultural attitudes are evolving, with 
more families recognising the benefits of environments 
that promote active, fulfilling lifestyles for seniors. India’s 
position as the world’s top remittance recipient, with 
projected flows increasing to approximately $160 billion 
by 2029, further supports this sector as Non-Resident 
Indians seek quality care options for aging parents. 
OPPORTUNITIES AND STRENGTHS 
The senior care sector is witnessing rapid growth, driven 
by demographic changes and government initiatives 
focused on supporting our aging population, including 
revising Real Estate Regulatory Authority (RERA) 
regulation and healthcare reforms, insurance innovation, 
training and re-skilling initiatives to meet manpower 
needs. Antara is strategically positioned to capitalise 
on these expanding opportunities through its diverse 
service offerings, including Residences for Seniors, Care 
Homes, Care at Home, and line of health and wellness 
products and solutions under Antara AGEasy. 
Annual Report 2024-25 | 35 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 41]]
Antara Senior Living Limited (ASLL) provides Residences 
for Seniors which are comprehensive, supportive 
environments for people to age in place. Antara Assisted 
Care Services Limited (AACSL), including Care Homes, 
Memory Care Homes, and Care at Home services, offers 
a range of personalised care options for seniors needing 
support with activities of daily living as a factor of age, 
their co-habitation status, or more intense intervention 
after major health event(s). 
With the rise in demand for senior care, we are well-
positioned to increase our footprint across these verticals 
to grow the contribution of Antara Senior Living Limited 
and Antara Assisted Care Services Limited significantly, 
while further expanding our D2C health and wellness 
products and solutions range, Antara AGEasy.
STRENGTHS
Established Brand Leadership: Antara has built a strong 
reputation over the years for providing exceptional senior 
care services. Our commitment to care, quality, and 
customer satisfaction  has earned us a strong presence 
in the senior living and care markets.
Diverse Offerings
Residences for Seniors: Our senior living communities 
are service-plus housing facilities designed for 
independent living, backed by 360-degree care 
ecosystem, empowering seniors with agency, comfort 
and peace of mind.
Care Homes: Our Care Homes provide 24x7 support 
with assisted living needs, daily health management, 
specialising in memory care, other long-term wellness 
requirements, and transition care.
Care at Home: Our Care at Home services offer tailored 
support in the comfort of seniors’ homes, meeting the 
needs of those who prefer to age in situ but require 
assistance on account of their age and/ or health.
Antara AGEasy: The Antara AGEasy line of health 
and wellness products and solutions, including 
nutraceuticals, serves as an essential companion for 
seniors at home, complementing the care provided 
through our communities and services.
The senior care sector is 
witnessing rapid growth, 
driven by demographic 
changes and government 
initiatives, including revising 
RERA regulation and 
healthcare reforms, insurance 
innovation, training and  
re-skilling initiatives to meet 
manpower needs
36 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 42]]
Financial Strength: We maintain a robust financial 
position with low debt and healthy cash reserves, 
providing us with the flexibility to continue expanding our 
services, including physical infrastructure and AGEasy 
product offerings.
Comprehensive Care Approach: Our focus on high-
quality care at affordable rates ensures high customer 
satisfaction, reinforcing our brand promise of ‘Expert 
Senior Care, Apno Jaisi’, which drives customer 
satisfaction and generates further business through 
referrals.
THREATS, RISKS, AND CONCERNS
The senior care sector faces several risks, particularly 
in areas such as economic fluctuations, regulatory 
changes, and the capital-intensive nature of real 
estate development. However, Antara has robust risk 
management systems in place to identify and mitigate 
potential threats.
Economic Risk: The senior care sector, and thereby ASLL, 
AACSL and Antara AGEasy line of health and wellness 
products and services, is subject to macroeconomic 
factors such as inflation, interest rates, and GDP growth. 
These factors can influence consumer behaviour and 
demand for services, affecting revenue and profit 
margins.
Capital-Intensive Business: Developing and maintaining 
senior care infrastructure, as is also the case with Antara’s 
Annual Report 2024-25 | 37 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 43]]
Residences for Seniors and Care Homes, is capital-
intensive. The capital required for land acquisition, 
construction, and ongoing operational expenses is 
substantial, which can affect liquidity and growth plans.
Mitigation Strategies
Diversified Portfolio: By offering a comprehensive 
range of services, including Residences for Seniors, Care 
Homes, Care at Home, and AGEasy health and wellness 
products and solutions, we have diversified our business 
model to reduce reliance on any single revenue stream. 
This diversification allows us to remain resilient in the 
face of market fluctuations.
Adopting an Asset-Light Model: T o reduce capital 
requirements, we have adopted an asset-light model, 
focusing on joint ventures for real estate development. 
This reduces the upfront investment needed while 
maintaining control over the land and infrastructure.
D2C Products for Safety and Wellness: Antara AGEasy, 
which offers senior-first health and wellness products 
and solutions for self management of chronic conditions, 
helps the company reach seniors across the country 
irrespective of their geography, creating a steady 
revenue stream. This expansion of offerings helps us tap 
into a larger market and offset risks in the residences and 
assisted-living segments.
INTERNAL CONTROL 
The internal control system of the company is wider 
in scope which includes internal controls on financial 
reporting and operational controls. The company has 
an adequate system of internal controls, commensurate 
with the size and nature of its business. As part of the 
control mechanism, the company maintains function-
wise policies and procedures called Standard Operating 
Procedures (SOP). Over 800 SOPs ensure that business 
of the company is conducted orderly and efficiently, 
policies and procedures are adhered to, assets are 
safeguarded, frauds and errors  are  detected, if there 
are any, accounting records are accurate and financial 
information is prepared timely. Controls are already in 
place in the system which ensures timely compliances 
with all regulatory and statutory requirements. These 
controls help in strengthening and improving the 
processes in the organisation. 
Internal controls cover all fields across all financial and 
operating functions ranging from identification of land 
to smooth execution of projects in time. Intent of the 
internal controls is to have control framework beyond 
financial reporting. Accordingly, independent audit firms 
appointed by the company conduct periodical audits 
encompassing various functions, at various projects, 
branches and head office to ensure adequacy of internal 
control systems, adherence to management policies and 
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. 
Their scope of work also includes internal controls on 
accounting, efficiency and process adherence. The 
key findings of their audit along with implementation 
plan of their recommendations are discussed with the 
senior management and also the audit committee. The 
audit committee of the Board reviews the adequacy 
and effectiveness of the internal control systems and 
suggests improvements for strengthening them. 
Under the internal control system, the company also 
has vigil mechanism as part of the Whistle Blower 
Policy. The directors and employees of the company, 
across all the branches and head office, have the right 
to report whether in writing or by email any unethical 
behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the 
company’s Code of Conduct or ethics policy, directly 
to the Managing Director of the company. However, in 
exceptional circumstances they may directly report to 
the Chairman of the audit committee and in the absence 
of such Chairman then directly to any member of the 
audit committee. Details of vigil mechanism are also 
given in the annual report under the section corporate 
governance report. 
For health-related 
quality assurance, our 
care processes undergo 
monthly audits that focus 
on infection prevention and 
control, hygiene standards, 
food safety, and clinical 
practices. These audits 
cover all frontline personnel
38 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 44]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 39 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 45]]
HEALTH, SAFETY & QUALITY ASSURANCE 
At Antara, the health and safety of our residents, 
caregivers, and teams remain central to our operations 
across all verticals—Residences for Seniors, Care Homes, 
Care at Home, and Antara AGEasy.
We have instituted a robust Safety, Health & Environment 
(SHE) framework that spans the entire lifecycle of a 
site—from site selection and design to construction, 
pre-handover assessment, and post-handover 
operationalisation. Regular SHE audits ensure adherence 
to prescribed standards, guided by a comprehensive SHE 
policy. These efforts are further reinforced by a network 
of SHE Champions embedded across teams who drive 
awareness, compliance, and continuous improvement. 
For health-related quality assurance, our care processes 
undergo monthly audits that focus on infection prevention 
and control, hygiene standards, food safety, and clinical 
practices. These audits cover all frontline personnel—
caregivers, food handlers, and clinical staff—and are 
reviewed rigorously to maintain consistent quality and 
safety. 
We are also committed to benchmarking our practices 
against national quality frameworks. We are proud to 
share that: 
Looking ahead, we are actively pursuing further 
accreditations from Healthcare Sector Skill Council 
(HSSC) and NABH, reinforcing our commitment to 
best-in-class health and safety practices across all our 
offerings.
ABOUT THE COMPANY 
Max India Limited is the holding company for Max 
Group’s comprehensive senior care business Antara. 
Listed on the stock exchanges, the company’s 
distinguished investor portfolio includes Habrok Capital, 
Aionios Alpha, Avener Capital, Value Prolific, Rohit Lala, 
Ullhas Paymaster, Murugu Selvan K, Porinju Veliyath, 
Ritesh Oswal and Chetan Jayantilal Shah.
Our organisational philosophy extends Max Group’s 
foundational principles of sevabhav (service-oriented 
mindset), credibility, and excellence. These values 
permeate every aspect of our senior care delivery, from 
Our Memory Care Home is the first in 
the country to be NABH-accredited 
under the care home standards. 
Our Care at Home services in Delhi-
NCR have successfully undergone the 
Healthcare Sector Skill Council (HSSC) 
pilot assessment, the first in India. 
Our Senior Living Community in 
Dehradun is among the first to receive 
the ASLI Certificate of Excellence in India. 
40 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 46]]
residential communities to assisted care services to 
our D2C business, establishing trust and reliability as 
cornerstones of the Antara brand.
Max India Limited’s wholly owned subsidiaries have 
a strategically designed multi-business structure 
addressing the entire spectrum of senior care 
requirements. Antara Senior Living Limited (ASLL) creates 
vibrant, self-sustaining residential communities enabling 
active aging in holistic environments. Antara Assisted 
Care Services Limited (AACSL) provides comprehensive 
support solutions for seniors requiring varying degrees 
of care intervention across different phases of aging, 
from self-management of chronic concerns at home to 
assistance in daily activities to short-term specialised 
transition care and at-home nursing.
Antara 3.0 represents a fundamental strategic shift 
towards becoming India’s most comprehensive 
integrated senior care provider. Our vision centers on 
building a holistic ecosystem that seamlessly integrates 
lifestyle and lifecare services, creating synergies between 
residential living, assisted care, healthcare management, 
and lifestyle enablement. Antara 3.0 envisions seniors 
accessing the full continuum of care services through a 
single, trusted platform.
Annual Report 2024-25 | 41 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 47]]
FY25 marks Antara 3.0’s intensive execution year, 
characterised by accelerated geographic expansion, 
deepened service offerings, and creation of an 
interconnected ecosystem adapting to evolving senior 
care needs. This strategic transformation positions Max 
India to capitalise on India’s demographic transition 
while setting new benchmarks for senior care excellence.
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENTS 
We are pleased to report significant progress in 
strengthening our financial foundation and operational 
capabilities during the FY25. Building upon our previous 
year’s achievements in consolidating operations and 
enhancing energy management across all functions, we 
focused on securing the capital required for our next 
phase of growth.
Post closure of FY25, the company successfully 
concluded its rights issue, raising `124.23 crores through 
the issuance of 82,81,973 fully paid-up equity shares at 
`150 per share. The issue was oversubscribed by 1.45x, 
demonstrating strong investor confidence in our growth 
prospects.
The funds raised through the rights issue will be deployed 
toward the growth of our wholly owned subsidiary, Antara 
Assisted Care Services Limited (AACSL), with allocation 
for marketing initiatives, working capital requirements, 
and general corporate purposes.
42 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 48]]
The capital infusion supports Max India’s broader 
strategy to build and scale our senior care ecosystem, 
enabling us to accelerate expansion plans across 
multiple business verticals. The company remains 
steadfastly focused on delivering top-line growth, 
margin improvement, and sustainable value creation 
for all stakeholders. This strategic financing initiative, 
combined with our operational excellence framework 
established in previous years, positions Max India to 
capitalise on the significant opportunities in India’s 
rapidly expanding senior care market. 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
On a consolidated basis, results were better than 
expected across all business verticals in FY25. The 
company is well-capitalised to pursue growth, holding 
treasury and other monetisable assets of ~`250 crores 
as of March 31, 2025. In FY25, it reported consolidated 
revenue of `164.2 crores, and an EBITDA loss of `99.2 
crores as compared to `34.3 crores loss in the previous 
year. This is attributed to increased expenses related 
to strategic growth initiatives, including expanding bed 
capacity in Care Homes, entering new markets and 
scaling  Antara  AGEasy. The key 
financial ratios of Max India 
Limited for FY25 with 
comparatives for FY24 
are covered under the 
notes to standalone 
financial statements, 
forming part of this 
Annual Report.
AGEasy, launched in 
2023, revenue scaled up 
to `21.3 crores in FY25, 
with Annual Recurring 
Revenue (ARR) of `75 
crores 
Care at Home, achieved 
highest-ever net revenue 
of `17.23 crores – 4X 
growth in 4 years 
Overall net revenue of 
AACSL grew 1.7X to  
~`44 crores in FY25 from 
`25 crores in FY24
Antara Dehradun 
achieved breakeven 
ahead of plan; 
operational revenue 
109% of planned
Annual Report 2024-25 | 43 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 49]]
BUSINESS-WISE OVERVIEW 
The response to the upcoming intergenerational 
community in Gurugram, Estate 360, has been 
outstanding. The project sold 90% of its inventory, 
achieved cumulative sales of 260 units, and collected a 
total of `239 crores with a collection efficiency of ~94%. 
For our Noida Phase I project, the flats are ready for 
possession and occupancy approvals are awaited. 
In new markets, a definitive agreement has been finalised 
for a senior living project in Chandigarh spread across 
8.22 acres with ~1.01 million sq.ft. area directed towards 
developing an independent senior living community. Our 
second intergenerational community project announced 
in Gurugram in collaboration with Max Estates spans 
18.24 acres across 1 million square feet for senior living. 
We further expanded the footprint of Antara Assisted 
Care Services Limited in south of India, launching Care 
Homes in Bengaluru and Chennai. 
There is strong endorsement for our brand and offering 
by customers, employees and partners. Our customer 
satisfaction scores across all business verticals continue 
to be healthy; 92% for Care Homes, 95% for Care at 
Home, Net Promoter Score of 43 for Antara AGEasy. For 
Antara Purukul, resident satisfaction score continues to 
be high at ~88%.
The company is  
well-capitalised to pursue 
growth, holding treasury 
and other monetisable 
assets of ~`250 crores as 
of March 31, 2025.  
In FY25, it reported 
revenue of `164.2 crores
44 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 50]]
HUMAN RESOURCES 
As of March 31, 2025, Max India’s work strength included 
19 permanent staff members, and a 1200-person-strong 
workforce under its subsidiaries with around 800 
employees on the payroll. Over the last 24 months, our 
overall diversity has risen from 18% to 39%, with new-
joinee diversity at 47% building a culture of inclusion and 
diversity. 
Throughout the financial year, Max India remained 
dedicated to fostering robust corporate governance, 
nurturing a diverse and inclusive work culture, and 
cultivating a pool of talented and performance-driven 
professionals. This commitment was upheld through 
our Human Capital strategy focused on right selection, 
transformation, alignment and retention. 
Max India Limited, through its operating company, 
Antara, implemented various initiatives aimed at 
enhancing functional and managerial competencies, 
including in-house training programs and sponsorship 
opportunities for employees to participate in external 
training and career development activities. In FY25, 
Max India’s subsidiaries, collectively called Antara, 
collaborated with McKinsey Centre to deliver specialized 
training sessions for members of its senior leadership. 
We ran a leadership journey called LeadXcellence in 
partnership with Harappa and its founder Mr Pramath 
Sinha focusing on building inspirational leadership to 
drive speed and execution. Mr Sinha is the Founder and 
Chairman of Harappa, and has built two world-class 
higher education institutions in India: the Indian School 
of Business (ISB) and Ashoka University. 
T o build future leaders for Antara, we also launched two 
flagship programmes under the GROW (Gear up, Reflect, 
Optimise and Win) umbrella: GROW PRO and GROW 
2.0. GROW is a learning academy for young, mid-level and 
high-potential talent to build future leadership capabilities 
for business expansion and growth. Furthermore, similar 
training sessions were organised across Max India Limited 
and Antara. T o build a culture of high performance 
and growth at one of the MIL subsidiaries, AACSL, 
we partnered with Vyaktitva, and worked closely with 
Gagan Adlakha to drive leadership transformation. Their 
collective vision, alignment on the strategy built crucial 
conversations to create an inspiring team. 
Max India maintains an adaptable organisational 
structure, characterised by fluidity and agility, facilitating 
effective communication to ensure alignment with 
overarching business objectives and strategies. 
Annual Report 2024-25 | 45 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 51]]
AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS 
1st achiever ASLI 
Certificate of 
Excellence - 
Independent 
Senior Living 
1st NABH 
accredited 
Memory Care 
Home in India
Operator of the Y ear – 
Ageing Asia 2025 
World Aging Festival
BW People HR 
Excellence Award 
for “Excellence 
in Employee 
Experience” 
Facility of the Y ear 2025 Residential 
Aged Care– Ageing Asia 2025 
World Aging Festival
Themed Project 
of the Y ear award 
to Estate 360, 
managed by 
Antara 
46 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 52]]
STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS 
Wellness Products 
Annuity Plan Offering Knowledge Partnership
Diagnostic 
services
 Senior Health Products
Silver Linings 
Program
Max GroupX
At Antara, we believe the fastest way to meet India’s growing senior care needs is through excellence-driven partnerships 
with domain experts. This year, we forged strategic alliances across critical verticals: Wellbeing Nutrition for senior-
specific nutraceuticals; boAt as technology partner for AGEasy wearables; and Dr. Lal PathLabs for customised 
diagnostic services. Our partnership with Axis Bank provides over 20 lakh+ customers of their Silver Linings Program’s 
access to Antara’s products and services; collaboration with established insurance provider Axis Max Life Insurance 
has led to creation of financial planning tools that help seniors remain financially self-sufficient without compromising 
on care, security, or legacy planning. Our knowledge tie-up with Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance enables financial 
empowerment of seniors and their families through awareness, advocacy, and actionable solutions.
When trusted brands unite, they offer customers amplified confidence in excellence delivered. As India’s only 
comprehensive senior care ecosystem, Antara serves as the unified delivery platform for best-in-class solutions, 
ensuring seniors receive holistic care through one trusted partner. This collaborative approach enhances our capabilities, 
expands service offerings, and builds the quality ecosystem needed to serve India’s rapidly growing senior population.
Annual Report 2024-25 | 47 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 53]]
OUTLOOK 
India’s senior care market, valued at `7 billion, presents 
compelling investment opportunities driven by 
demographic transformation and increasing acceptance 
of organised care services. Max India, through Antara’s 
integrated ecosystem, is strategically positioned to 
capitalise on this growth while transitioning from 
investment phase to operational profitability.
Our revenue trajectory demonstrates momentum across 
all business verticals. While consolidated revenue of 
`164 crores in FY25 reflects the planned investment 
cycle, underlying business fundamentals show strong 
progress. AGEasy achieved 9x growth establishing  
`75+ crores ARR, Care Homes expanded 66% with 
improved occupancy rates, and Care at Home delivered 
52% growth with enhanced margins. We are working to 
bring scale, geographic diversity, and strategic market 
expansion to accelerate profitability.
Unit economics validate our path to EBITDA-positive 
operations. Antara Purukul achieved operational profit 
of `1+ crores ahead of schedule, demonstrating the 
sustainability of our Residences for Seniors model. 
Care at Home margins improved, indicating operational 
leverage as we expand. Antara AGEasy benefits from 
48 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 54]]
20%+ COGS reduction through direct sourcing and scale 
efficiencies.
Our capital deployment of `750 crores across senior 
living and assisted care services, supported by  
`250 crores liquidity, provides substantial runway for 
growth initiatives. High collection efficiencies of 94-
98% across projects and successful asset monetisation 
demonstrate effective capital management.
With Max Group’s proven legacy in healthcare, 
hospitality, and insurance, Max India Limited is uniquely 
positioned to help the industry mature and create 
meaningful impact through inspired innovation.
Capital deployment of 
`750 crores across senior 
living and assisted care 
services, supported by 
`250 crores liquidity, 
provides runway for 
growth. We are uniquely 
positioned to help 
the industry mature 
and create impact
Annual Report 2024-25 | 49 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 55]]
Management Discussion & Analysis 
- Antara
INTRODUCTION 
As Antara celebrates 15 years since its conceptualisation, 
we stand at the intersection of achievement and 
aspiration in India’s senior care landscape. What began 
as a bold vision in 2010 has matured into India’s only fully 
integrated senior care ecosystem that touches thousands 
of lives across the country. Throughout this journey, 
the ethos of ‘sevabhav’, credibility, and excellence has 
guided our evolution to become the most trusted and 
beloved care partner for seniors and their families. The 
name Antara, derived from the Sanskrit word meaning 
‘the difference’, symbolises our commitment to being 
the difference that transforms senior care in India.
At Antara, we believe that senior care encompasses far 
more than housing or healthcare – it includes the full stack 
of health and wellness products, solutions and services 
that help create ease and joy of living for seniors. We 
recognise that all seniors and their needs are unique. At 
Antara, our every action is directed to become the ‘antar’ 
that delivers personalised solutions to support different 
life stages. This understanding has led us to the conviction 
that a comprehensive senior care ecosystem is the 
only way to create genuine ease and independence for 
India’s aging population. An ecosystem that seamlessly 
transitions seniors from independent living communities 
to assisted living and transition care, or offer care at 
50 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 56]]
home with clinical excellence or self-management for 
in-situ aging, is the only one truly equipped to create 
value and dignity. Our trust-based approach, built on 
seven pillars of wellness - Physical, Social, Emotional, 
Intellectual, Occupational, Spiritual, and Environmental 
- is the driving force behind our endeavours to create 
partnerships that empower generations.
Our strategic growth trajectory reflects the white spaces 
in India’s senior care landscape. We have evolved from 
a single-community focus to an integrated platform that 
spans multiple touchpoints in a senior’s life journey. 
This progression includes innovative care delivery 
models, portfolio expansion, geographic expansion into 
key markets and technology integration. Our approach 
recognises that senior care is not one-size-fits-all 
but requires tailored solutions that adapt to diverse 
preferences and evolving needs in a future-first way.
T oday, our integrated ecosystem comprises three 
complementary verticals: Residences for Seniors 
that redefine independent living through thoughtfully 
designed residences; Assisted Care Services that deliver 
clinical excellence in home-like environments; and 
AGEasy, our technology-enabled platform connecting 
seniors with specialised health and wellness products 
and solutions nationwide. T ogether, these verticals 
create a comprehensive continuum of care that enables 
seniors to age with ease, joy and dignity while remaining 
connected to the communities and lifestyles they cherish.
Our strategic growth 
trajectory reflects the 
white spaces in India’s 
senior care landscape. Our 
approach recognises that 
senior care is not one-size-
fits-all but requires tailored 
solutions that adapt to 
diverse preferences in a  
future-first way
Annual Report 2024-25 | 51 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 57]]
ANTARA SENIOR LIVING LIMITED
Our relentless pursuit to transform the landscape of 
senior living has inspired us to create thoughtfully 
designed Residences for Seniors that redefine what it 
means to age gracefully. At Antara, we believe that life 
as a senior citizen can be magical – a new beginning 
towards a hassle-free life filled with purpose, community, 
and dignity. Our three mandalas logo symbolises the 
harmonious integration of mind, body, and soul, reflecting 
our commitment to holistic well-being. 
Senior living represents a distinct evolution from 
52 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 58]]
traditional housing, it seamlessly blends real estate 
excellence with hospitality warmth and healthcare 
wisdom. Our residences are not merely apartments but 
curated communities where like-minded individuals can 
live independently while having access to comprehensive 
lifecare services. Each community embodies universal 
design principles and barrier-free accessibility, ensuring 
that our homes adapt to residents’ evolving needs without 
compromising their independence or dignity. From senior-
friendly architecture to integrated wellness programmes, 
every element is meticulously planned to address the 
unique challenges seniors face while coordinating daily 
assistance and accessing personalised care. 
Our journey reflects a visionary evolution in community 
design. We began with exclusive senior-first 
communities, then pioneered intergenerational living 
models that bring multiple generations together, and 
are now advancing toward introducing senior-living in 
other real-estate development models ensuring that 
age-first buildings become firmly embedded in evolving 
social fabric. This strategic progression, and geographic 
expansion strategy, both, respond to varied preferences 
and aspirations for independent living. No matter the 
choice of our seniors – be it a quiet retreat or a global 
economic hub enabling seamless transition from active 
professional life to fulfilling second innings – we ensure 
no compromise on facilities, access, connectivity, 
conveniences, and quality of life.
Through our unwavering commitment to becoming the 
most trusted and beloved brand for seniors and their 
families, we continue understanding and responding to 
evolving needs, creating comprehensive ecosystems 
where aging becomes a celebration of life’s next beautiful 
chapter.
‘Facility of the Y ear – Senior 
Living’ to Antara Purukul by 
Aging Asia 
Award-Winning Community
Annual Report 2024-25 | 53 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 59]]
ANTARA PURUKUL
Antara’s flagship independent senior living community 
in Dehradun, called Antara Purukul, is a 14-acre, 
internationally renowned haven that is serviced by a 
dedicated team of more than 200 members. The award-
winning, fully integrated community is designed to cater 
to the safety, wellness, and lifestyle needs of individuals 
aged 55 and above. The community promotes senior 
wellbeing through a combination of factors including its 
unique Himalyan surroundings, architecture compliant 
with norms under the Americans with Disabilities Act 
(ADA) and curated lifestyle and lifecare experiences. 
Antara Purukul offers a wide range of services to its 
residents, including tailor-made engagement activities for 
the mind, body and soul, prescription and preference-first 
culinary service, safety and security measures, including a  
less than 2-minute emergency response time, 
repair and end-to-end housekeeping services,  
built-in preventive health checkups, round-the-
clock emergency and paramedic support, resident  
concierge services, robust IT infrastructure and 
technology support.
54 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 60]]
2-min 
emergency 
response time
88%+
Resident 
satisfaction 
`1+ crore 
operational profit 
achieved ahead of 
schedule
League Apart
Annual Report 2024-25 | 55 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 61]]
ESTATE 360, SERVICED BY ANTARA 
Antara has partnered with Max Estates Limited to 
pioneer Delhi NCR’s first large-scale intergenerational 
residential community through Estate 360, strategically 
located along Dwarka Expressway near the New Delhi 
international airport. With this well-received project, we 
forayed into intergenerational living – a long-standing 
demand of our residents who sought to “see more young 
faces”. This thoughtfully designed space brings multiple 
generations together while maintaining dedicated senior-
focused areas. Within this IGBC Platinum Pre-certified 
community of six towers, Antara manages two dedicated 
senior living residences, creating vibrant ecosystems 
where seniors enjoy companionship, emotional support, 
and meaningful connections with younger residents. 
The community includes The Antara Club, a dedicated 
senior clubhouse, alongside shared amenities that foster 
intergenerational interaction, which is known to benefit 
all age groups. 
Delhi-NCR’s first 
intergenerational community 
90% inventory  
sold within months
`239 crores  
sales collection 
Project received ‘Themed 
Project of the Y ear’ award
Market Validation:
56 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 62]]
‘Themed Project of the Y ear’ to 
Estate 360 (managed by Antara) 
at Realty+ Conclave & Excellence 
Awards 2024
Award-Winning Community
Second Intergenerational Project
Building on Estate 360’s remarkable 
success, Max Estates and Antara 
have partnered for the next phase 
of intergenerational innovation. This 
development has been announced on an 
adjacent plot in Sector 36 of Gurugram. 
Spanning 4 million square feet, it is set for 
a phased launch, further establishing our 
presence along one of Gurugram’s most 
strategic corridors.
Senior Living Community in Chandigarh
Antara is in advanced stages of entering 
into an agreement to curate an active 
aging community within a large township 
in the up-and-coming retirement hub of 
Chandigarh. Expanding the footprint of its 
signature service-plus senior living model, 
the project is likely to get launched by the 
end of FY26.
New Projects
Annual Report 2024-25 | 57 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 63]]
ANTARA NOIDA 
Located in Sector 150 of Noida, this project is ASLL’s 
second community and the first urban replication of the 
service-plus independent senior living model perfected 
with Antara Purukul. The competitively priced offering 
promises a perfect mix of high-paced city living with 
serenity, brought in by the surrounding golfing greens. 
Antara has partnered with Contend Builders for the 
development of Antara Noida. The project enjoys 
several unique advantages, including its location, which 
in one of the most sought-after areas proximal to the 
national capital, enjoying exceptional connectivity. The 
apartments are designed with the specific needs of seniors 
in mind, featuring amenities such as panic alarm buttons, 
antiskid tiles, wheelchair accessibility, broader doors 
and windows, and senior-friendly switch ergonomics. 
Residents of Antara Noida will have access to round-the-
clock primary medical assistance, emergency response 
teams, and all-day restaurants offering personalised 
and nutritionally curated meals. The community aims to 
become a cocoon for like-minded residents. The project 
is expected to be ready for possession in FY26. 
98%
collection efficiency
`394 crores  
cumulative sales 
Project nearing 
completion 
Possession pending OC 
resolution with NOIDA 
authorities
Legal recourse 
initiated 
Collection Performance:
58 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 64]]
ANTARA ASSISTED CARE SERVICES LIMITED
Our vision to become the most loved and trusted 
brand for seniors and their families has driven us to 
understand that aging comes with varying degrees of 
independence, evolving family structures, and changing 
aspirations. Understanding evolving needs around the 
support needed for activities of daily living irrespective 
of the cause, be it natural aging, disease, or surgery, we 
developed Antara Assisted Care Services Limited with 
a simple yet profound philosophy: ‘Expert Senior Care, 
Apno Jaisi’ – caring for your loved ones as our own.
Recognising these diverse needs, we have evolved 
into a complete care platform for seniors, designed 
specifically for those who require varying levels of 
assisted living support while maintaining their dignity 
and independence. Our approach recognises that 
assisted living needs are deeply personal and as unique 
as our seniors. While some may require short-term 
transition care following surgery or a major health event, 
like a stroke, others need long-term support with daily 
activities, and many benefit from specialised memory 
care. Through our Care Homes, Memory Care Homes, 
and Care at Home services, we create safe, home-like 
environments where personalised care plans ensure 
each senior receives exactly the support they need. 
Our newest business, Antara AGEasy, returns ease and joy 
to aging by empowering seniors with health and wellness 
products and solutions that support independent living 
and self-management of chronic concerns.
Through our Care Homes, 
Memory Care Homes, and 
Care at Home services, we 
create safe, home-like  
environments where 
personalised care plans 
ensure each senior 
receives exactly the 
support they need
Annual Report 2024-25 | 59 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 65]]
CARE HOMES
Our Care Homes offer comprehensive assisted living 
in warm, home-like environments for seniors requiring 
short-term, long-term, or transition care support. These 
specialised facilities provide crucial transition care for 
pre and post-operative recovery, ensuring the best 
possible outcomes for seniors transitioning from hospital 
settings. Our dedicated team supports residents through 
all activities of daily living, many times accompanying 
them through end-of-life care with dignity and 
compassion. Uniquely, many seniors choose our Care 
Homes as their trusted base while traveling, ensuring 
their medical needs and nutritional specifications are 
expertly managed while they enjoy quality time with 
friends and family across destinations. 
~300 beds  
Operational capacity
~200 beds  
under fit-outs
Network: Bengaluru, Chennai, 
Noida, Gurugram
95%  
Customer satisfaction rate
60 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 66]]
MEMORY CARE HOMES
Our Memory Care Home in Gurugram is India’s only 
NABH accredited care facility, recognised for providing 
scientifically validated, medically approved care to 
persons with dementia and Parkinson’s disease. 
Understanding that these neurodegenerative concerns 
take as much toll on caregivers as patients – with 
caregivers often deteriorating faster than patients 
themselves – our specialised facility sets industry 
standards for comprehensive memory care. As India’s 
population ages, the growing number of seniors with 
neurodegenerative diseases requires expert intervention 
that goes beyond traditional care. Our Memory Care 
Homes provide secure, structured care environments 
designed specifically for these unique needs, offering 
both patients and families the specialised support 
essential for managing these challenging concerns with 
dignity and hope.
India’s first NABH 
accredited Care Home for 
dementia patients 
Annual Report 2024-25 | 61 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 67]]
CARE AT HOME
Our Care at Home services bring the full 
spectrum of assisted living support directly to 
seniors in the comfort and familiarity of their own 
homes. Specialising in high medical dependence 
and end-of-life care, our highly trained staff 
ensures clinical excellence while preserving the 
emotional comfort of familiar surroundings. This 
personalised approach allows seniors to maintain 
their connection to their roots while receiving 
professional care tailored to their specific needs.
4X
growth in 4 years 
`17.23 crores   
Highest-ever net revenue 
10,000+ 
lives touched 
95% 
Customer satisfaction score
Gaining strength 
62 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 68]]
SAMARTH
(Geriatric Care Training Programme)
Our SAMARTH Programme aims to skill the 
workforce on both clinical and behavioural 
aspects of geriatric care. This comprehensive 
programme was designed after evaluating 
9 Indian and global curriculums and has 
been certified by Healthcare Sector Skill 
Council (HSSC) under the Ministry of Health, 
Government of India. With 45,000+ hours 
of learning, this represents our significant 
investment in upskilling our manpower 
to deliver the right care for our residents, 
making it India’s first geriatric care training 
program of its kind.
Annual Report 2024-25 | 63 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 69]]
ANTARA AGEASY
Antara AGEasy, our newest business launched in 2023, 
returns ease and joy to aging by empowering seniors 
with innovative products supporting independent living 
and self-management of chronic concerns. Through our 
phygital approach – combining our dedicated website, 
various online marketplaces, and our flagship store in 
Gurugram – we have created a comprehensive platform 
where assistive devices, products and wellness solutions 
are reimagined in a senior-first way. 
Our product range spans nutraceuticals, customised 
mobility and fall-prevention solutions, and health and 
wellness products and solutions redesigned for senior-
friendly use, all focusing on fall prevention, improving joint 
care and lung health. What sets Antara AGEasy apart is 
our combination of evidence-based product innovation, 
expert assistance through consultations that help answer 
“what’s right for me”, and user-friendly technology.  
At the flagship AGEasy studio in Gurugram, seniors 
and their families can benefit from consultations with 
qualified experts trained and certified in geriatric care; 
they are available to help seniors identify solutions for 
their unique wellness needs. Virtual support is also 
provided by our qualified physiotherapists, orthotists, 
and nutritionists, ensuring every senior, no matter 
their location, can receive personalised guidance for 
managing their unique wellness needs and maintaining 
independence at home.
What sets Antara AGEasy 
apart is our combination 
of evidence-based 
product innovation, 
expert assistance through 
consultations that help 
answer “what’s  
right for me”, and  
user-friendly technology
64 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
9X
growth in 1st year of operations
`75+ crores 
Annual Recurring Revenue
2+ lakh
lives touched 
~30,000
repeat customers
65+
products
180
SKUs 
No.1 
Marketplace
43
Net Promoter Score 
Breakthrough Performance
Product Portfolio 
Flagship store
launched in Gurugram
[[PAGE 70]]
Fall Prevention & 
Detection
Joint CareJoint Care
Lung HealthLung Health
Annual Report 2024-25 | 65 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 71]]
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE 
In the year under review FY25, Antara achieved the 
following results: 
 Sales/Revenue: Antara Senior Living 
Limited achieved promising results in FY25 
with 12 resales generating `2.4 crores in 
fee; achieved breakeven ahead of plan 
generating operational profit of `1+ crores. 
90% of total inventory of 260 units of 
Residences for Seniors in Estate 360 sold; 
100% of total inventory of 340 units for 
Antara Noida was already sold in previous 
year. AACSL recorded gross revenue of 
`64.96 crores (Care Homes, Care at Home 
and Antara AGEasy).
 Collection: Sales collection since 
inception totaled at `394 crores for Noida 
community, and `238.9 crores for senior 
living towers in Estate 360, managed by 
Antara Senior Living Limited.
 T eam Engagement Score: Antara’s 
employee engagement score in FY25 rose 
to 93%. The top three areas of high scores 
were Purpose and Vision, Collaboration 
and teamwork, and Values of Antara. The 
high engagement scores reflect positively 
upon the continuous team efforts towards 
the goal of building a workplace that is 
inclusive of diversity, is driven by strong 
ethics and commitment towards goals, and 
is constantly guided by high motivation 
levels. Antara won the BW People 
“Excellence in Employee Experience” 
award.
66 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 72]]
Our product range spans 
nutraceuticals, customised 
fall-prevention solutions, 
and health and wellness 
products redesigned for 
senior-friendly use, all 
focusing on improving 
general wellbeing, mobility, 
enhanced joint care and 
lung health
Annual Report 2024-25 | 67 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 73]]
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION 
This year, Antara became one of India’s handful senior 
care companies to introduce Enterprise Resource Planning 
(ERP) systems, improving efficiency in delivery of senior 
care. Our innovative mobile applications now enable real-
time care monitoring for families and geo-fenced service 
tracking, bringing unprecedented transparency to senior 
care delivery.
Our assisted living communities deployed integrated 
hospitality management systems, including Property 
Management, Point-of-Sale, and Club Management 
platforms, creating seamless, standardised experiences 
across properties. The MyAdda visitor management 
system further enhanced resident security and privacy.
Recognising that 98% of AGEasy users connect with us 
via cellphones and 60% are caregivers, we completely 
reimagined our website with a mobile-first approach, 
significantly improving engagement and conversion 
potential. 
Critically, we are nearing completion of a comprehensive 
data protection exercise with General Data Protection 
Regulation (GDPR) and Health Insurance Portability and 
Accountability Act  (HIPAA) audit for Ageasy D2C site, 
ensuring readiness to meet regulations. Our secure AWS 
cloud infrastructure and best-in-class security protocols 
position Antara as a digital leader in India’s senior care 
sector, delivering substantial productivity gains while 
setting new industry benchmarks for technology-
enabled care. 
L&D PROGRAMMES 
This year, we delivered over 45,000 hours of specialised 
training across our 1,200+ employees, establishing 
new benchmarks in senior care education. Central to 
this achievement is Samarth—India’s first geriatric 
care training programme accredited by the Healthcare 
Sector Skill Council (HSSC) under the Ministry of Health, 
Government of India.
Samarth represents a paradigm shift in care training, 
combining technical expertise with emotional intelligence 
development. The comprehensive curriculum equips our 
INNOVATIONS AND INITIATIVES
68 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 74]]
teams to recognise subtle behavioral cues from seniors 
while providing essential tools for managing their own 
emotional wellbeing in demanding care situations. This 
dual focus ensures sustained service excellence while 
preventing caregiver burnout.
Through our strategic partnership with Dementia 
India Alliance (DIA), we have integrated specialised 
dementia care protocols across all facilities, with both 
Samarth and DIA programs carrying industry-recognised 
certifications. This positions Antara as the only senior 
care provider in India with dual-accredited training 
programmes.
All our centres across NCR, Bengaluru and Chennai have 
clinical simulation labs. This empowers our clinical team 
to get hands-on experience on all clinical and behavioural 
aspects of senior care. 
Beyond technical competence, our L&D initiatives focus 
on cultural transformation—developing professionals 
who embody ‘sevabhav’ (compassionate service). We’re 
not just training caregivers; we’re nurturing individuals 
who understand they enable quality of life through 
kindness. This structured approach ensures consistent 
service standards while building industry-leading 
geriatric care capabilities that set Antara apart in India’s 
senior care landscape.
ANTARA COMMUNITY
This year, we launched Antara Community, India’s first 
senior-only wellness community, marking a pivotal shift 
in how we engage with and serve India’s 150+ million 
seniors. Built on our philosophy of ‘Expert Senior Care,  
Apno Jaisi’, this digital-first ecosystem has already 
onboarded 5,000+ members through WhatsApp and 
Facebook communities, with plans to scale 6X in the 
upcoming financial year. 
Antara Community goes beyond traditional care services 
by addressing the emotional and social needs of seniors 
through gamified wellness activities, meaningful peer 
connections and expert-led sessions. 
This community-first approach is transforming how 
seniors perceive Antara, helping shift their perception 
from a service provider to a trusted life companion. We 
are building authentic relationships through member-
led wellness initiatives so business growth becomes 
a natural outcome of genuine care and trust. Antara 
Community, which we plan to launch into an app in the 
coming financial year, represents our commitment to 
helping seniors break the age barrier.
Annual Report 2024-25 | 69 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 75]]
OUTLOOK FOR FY26
As India’s senior care sector attracts increasing 
competition with new entrants, Antara maintains its 
pole position through feverish execution of Antara 3.0 
strategy. Our relentless focus on delivery timelines 
and operational excellence creates the competitive 
edge necessary to stay ahead in this rapidly evolving 
landscape while advancing our five-year vision for pan-
India presence.
Our Residences for Seniors pipeline advances with 
Chandigarh project moving to development phase and 
second intergenerational project in Gurugram progressing 
through approvals. The target of creating 8-10 residential 
communities remains on track, supported by our proven 
development capabilities and strong market reception.
Care Homes expansion exceeds planned trajectory, 
with operational capacity reaching 500+ beds by 
H1 FY26 across NCR, Bengaluru, and Chennai. Our 
NABH accreditation achievement positions us as the 
quality standard-setter, enabling confident geographic 
expansion with consistent service excellence.
Antara AGEasy has evolved from an ambitious project to 
`75+ crores ARR platform, establishing our digital-first 
approach to senior care products. Strategic expansion 
70 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 76]]
into new health concerns, technology partnerships with 
industry leaders, and omnichannel capabilities through 
physical store and quick commerce tie-ups strengthen 
our market position for continued growth.
Strategic partnerships with technology innovators, 
financial services providers, and healthcare 
networks create an integrated ecosystem delivering 
comprehensive solutions. These alliances enhance 
our service capabilities while expanding market reach 
through established customer bases.
Our industry leadership validation through triple 
recognition at the 13th Asia Pacific Eldercare Innovation 
Awards 2025 and pioneering NABH accreditation 
demonstrates market readiness for scaled operations. 
T echnology integration through AI-powered 
personalisation and data-driven insights positions us to 
deliver superior customer experiences as we expand.
By maintaining focus on operational excellence, quality 
standardisation, and workforce development across all 
verticals, Antara seeks to tap into the untapped potential 
of India’s senior care industry while positioning the 
company as the definitive leader in integrated senior 
care solutions.
Annual Report 2024-25 | 71 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 77]]
BUSINESS  
RESPONSIBILITY  
REVIEW

[[PAGE 78]]
BUSINESS  
RESPONSIBILITY  
REVIEW BUSINESS  
RESPONSIBILITY  
REVIEW

[[PAGE 79]]
TARA SINGH VACHANI
Vice Chairperson
At Max India Foundation, we 
believe education is a shared 
responsibility. Our initiatives to 
improve schools, build teaching 
capabilities, and creating 
inclusive learning environments 
show our commitment to 
building a society where 
every child gets to 
learn, grow, and 
thrive
74 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 80]]
MAX INDIA FOUNDATION 
Annual Report 2024-25 | 75 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
At Max India Foundation (MIF), education is more 
than a cause, it is the cornerstone of our vision for an 
inclusive, empowered society. In FY25, we deepened our 
commitment to ensuring that every child, regardless of 
their circumstance, gets all the opportunities needed to 
learn, grow, and thrive.
Driven by the aspiration to contribute meaningfully to 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
(UNSDGs), particularly in quality education (Goal 4) and 
reduced inequalities (Goal 10), this year, MIF focused 
its efforts on creating holistic educational ecosystems. 
Our interventions targeted critical areas — improving 
school infrastructure, strengthening teacher capabilities, 
supporting students directly, and engaging communities 
as active partners in the learning journey. By approaching 
education as a system, instead of making efforts in 
silos, we laid down strong foundations for long-term 
transformation.
Strategic partnerships remained at the heart of our 
success. Collaborating closely with non-governmental 
organisations (NGOs), community groups, and 
educational institutions, we pooled resources, expertise, 
and innovation to expand the reach and deepen the 
impact of our programmes. These partnerships brought 
to life initiatives, such as comprehensive teacher capacity 
building workshops, social emotional learning workshops 
for school leaders, and advocacy on teacher well-being, 
career pathways for secondary students. 
Throughout the year, our partners played a critical 
role in not just academic remediation, but also in 
nurturing inclusive, expressive, and connected learning 
environments. By organising creative expression 

[[PAGE 81]]
76 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
festivals, our partner organisations showcased student 
accomplishments giving them opportunities to recognise 
and celebrate one another. Simultaneously, they fostered 
trust and collaboration among students, teachers, 
parents, and principals, making schools not just centres 
of learning, but safe spaces for belonging and self-
expression.
As we close this chapter and look ahead, Max India 
Foundation stands energised by the belief that education 
is a shared responsibility — one that thrives through 
collaboration, compassion, and a commitment to equity. 
We are proud of the strides made this year and are even 
more determined to scale our impact, so that every child 
can build a future rich with opportunity, dignity, and hope.
In partnership with 25 NGO partners in the academic 
year 2024-25, MIF supported the education of 25,211 
students, benefitting them directly. Through these 
NGOs, direct support was also provided for the training 
of 1,500 teachers.
TRANSFORMING LIVES THROUGH EDUCATION
Here is a reflection on the milestones achieved and 
the challenges overcome in our relentless pursuit of 
positive change. With the end of the FY25, we stand at a 
crucial juncture, where our efforts and accomplishments 
come together to shape the narrative of our impact. 
The past year has been a testament to our unwavering 
commitment to serving our communities, fuelled by the 
values of compassion, integrity, and innovation. Each 
partnership represents a step forward in our mission to 
create a healthier, more equitable society. 
Below are stories, milestones, and initiatives that have 
defined FY25. Each one is a reflection of our collective 
commitment to building a healthier, more inclusive 
society marked by impactful strides, driven by our 
unwavering dedication to creating positive change in the 
communities we serve. 
The past year has been a 
testament to our unwavering 
commitment to serving our 
communities, fuelled by 
the values of compassion, 
integrity, and innovation. 
Each partnership represents 
a step forward in our mission 
to create a healthier, more 
equitable society
[[PAGE 82]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 77 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
COMMITMENT TO CONTINUOUS LEARNING
Our partner organisation, Parikrma Humanity 
Foundation and Shrishti are committed to 
providing continuous learning spaces to educators 
by conducting capacity building workshops 
for them. These workshops not only provide 
educators with new tools to equip them to be a 
better version of themselves but also provide safe 
spaces to express themselves, explore creativity 
and boost their confidence.
AZAD KISHORIS
During the year, our partner organisation Azad 
Foundation conducted trainings on gender and 
leadership for young girls. The Azad Kishori 
programme has increased self-confidence in 
participating girls, helped them understand how 
to communicate with others, and move forward in 
the direction of becoming self-reliant.
Azad Foundation held trainings for young girls on gender, leadership, 
and ‘chaupal’ meetings
LEAD WITH LOVE
Our partner organisation T each for India hosted 
a 15th anniversary celebration with a spectacular 
gathering of 2,000+ attendees. The highlight was 
“With Love”, a grand musical featuring students, 
alumni, and partners. Inspired by 15th-year 
theme “Lead with Love”, the musical followed 
T ashi, mascot from T ashi and the Monk, as she 
explored stories of truth, hope, and leadership 
in the Museum of Grey Sunshine. With over 100 
performers, the show brought real-life narratives 
to life, showcasing the resilience and power of our 
community.
AFTER SCHOOL SUPPORT CENTRE
Our partner organisation Asharika Foundation 
extended remedial and coaching support to 
school-going children in non-functional tea 
gardens of Darjeeling to improve their learning 
outcomes. They further improved access to health 
and nutrition for young children, adolescent girls 
and boys by providing wholesome meals.

[[PAGE 83]]
Connect, Max India 
Foundation’s annual event, 
hosted interactive sessions 
on Cognitively Based 
Compassion Training, and 
Building Synergies for 
Sustainable Impact; the 
sessions explored impactful 
partnerships driving change 
in the social sector
78 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
COLLABORATING WITH STAKEHOLDERS
Connect
MIF hosted its annual event Connect on 4th October, 2024. 
It was an opportunity to interact with representatives 
from partnering NGOs in the communities we serve, 
and funders and supporters from Max Group entities. 
The event hosted two interactive sessions. The first was 
on Cognitively Based Compassion T raining (CBCT) by 
the Social Emotional and Ethical Learning India team 
equipping participants with tangible practices and tools 
to use in their everyday life, build resilience for physical 
and emotional well-being. Second was an incredible 
panel discussion on ‘Networking and Collaboration in the 
Social Sector: Building Synergies for Sustainable Impact’. 
It featured insightful contributions from Anu Prasad, 
Mainak Roy, and Mansi Joshi. Moderated by T ara Singh 
Vachani, Managing T rustee of the Max India Foundation, 
the session explored impactful partnerships driving 
change in the social sector.
The enriching session concluded with unwavering 
support from our partner organisations whose work 
enabled amplify the impact of our education-focused 
initiatives throughout the year. T ogether, we can continue 
to pave the way for a brighter future, where every 
individual has the opportunity to thrive and contribute to 
the progress of our society.
[[PAGE 84]]
MIF is poised to amplify its 
efforts — scaling successful 
models, embracing innovation, 
and building deeper 
partnerships to maximise our 
reach and effectiveness. Our 
focus remains on empowering 
individuals and communities 
through education, skill 
development and engagement
Annual Report 2024-25 | 79 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
GIVING BACK WITH SEVABHAV
Eighteen employee volunteers from across the Max 
Group signed up to be community crusaders. Employees 
rolled up their sleeves and joined in a hands-on project 
by cooking a meal for students and serving them in 
collaboration with Akshay Patra Foundation.
The achievements of Max India Foundation in  
FY 2024-25 reaffirm our steadfast commitment to driving 
meaningful social impact and fostering sustainable, 
inclusive growth. With each initiative, we continue to 
strengthen the foundation for a society where education, 
equity, and opportunity are accessible to all.
As we look ahead, MIF is poised to amplify its efforts — 
scaling successful models, embracing innovation, and 
building deeper partnerships to maximise our reach 
and effectiveness. Our focus remains on empowering 
individuals and communities through education, 
skill development and engagement while nurturing 
ecosystems that sustain long-term change.
The milestones reached this year are not just measures 
of success but stepping stones toward an even greater 
vision: A future where every child, every family, and every 
community has the tools to thrive. 
Guided by Max India’s larger purpose of shaping a 
healthier, more prosperous society, we enter the next 
fiscal year with renewed energy, a clear roadmap, and 
an unwavering belief in the transformative power of 
collective action.

[[PAGE 85]]
80 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STORIES OF TRANSFORMATIONAL LEARNING
HELPING TEACHERS ENHANCE CLASSROOM 
MANAGEMENT SKILLS
During one of the early teacher training sessions 
focused on classroom management, one 
participant, a new school teacher named Durga* 
shared her experience of struggling to maintain 
student engagement and handle disruptive 
behaviour effectively. In her testimony, Durga 
explained that she initially felt overwhelmed 
by her students’ lack of focus and frequent 
disruptions.
However, after attending the session, where the 
trainers introduced practical strategies, such as 
positive reinforcement, clear communication of 
expectations, and the use of non-verbal cues, 
Durga implemented these techniques in her 
classroom. She created a consistent routine, 
used verbal praise to reward positive behaviour, 
and introduced a system of non-verbal signals to 
redirect students when necessary.
She noticed her students were more attentive 
and cooperative, and the overall classroom 
environment became more conducive to 
learning.
UNLOCKING POTENTIAL: TEEN DISCOVERS 
SENSE OF SELF,  FREEDOM
Nisha* is a Class 10 student at Government 
Senior Secondary School in Delhi and has been 
associated with the Azad Foundation’s ‘Azad 
Kishori’ programme since 2023-24. A pivotal 
change occurred in Nisha’s life when she joined 
the Azad Foundation’s ‘Azad Kishori’ and 
‘Women with Wheels’ (WWW) programmes. 
Through these initiatives, she developed self-
awareness, which boosted her self-confidence. 
She strengthened her understanding of gender 
equality and decision-making skills and gained 
insights into building healthy relationships 
through personal development. Participating in 
these programmes provided Nisha with a unique 
opportunity for learning and self-growth. She 
began to contemplate her future and career 
aspirations more seriously, researching various 
career options and making informed decisions. 
T asks that were once daunting, such as asserting 
herself and saying ‘no’, grew easier manageable 
as she became more confident.
Nisha’s journey demonstrates that with 
determination and the right support, individuals 
can overcome personal challenges and effect 
meaningful change in their lives.
*Name Changed *Name Changed
[[PAGE 86]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 81 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC 
REVIEW CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE 
REPORT 

[[PAGE 87]]
82 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
OUR CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PHILOSOPHY
Y our Company maintains a steadfast commitment to upholding 
the highest standards of Corporate Governance. We believe 
that exemplary governance serves as a cornerstone for value-
oriented leadership, fostering accountability, transparency, and 
ethical conduct throughout our organization.
We have been dedicated to implementing a comprehensive 
governance framework across the Group. This journey has 
involved the introduction of transformative initiatives focused 
on three pivotal aspects of governance:
	 Capital Management Discipline: We prioritize prudent 
capital management practices to ensure the responsible 
allocation of resources and sustainable growth.
	 Performance Management Excellence: Through robust 
performance management systems, we continuously 
monitor and enhance the performance of our businesses 
to drive efficiency and competitiveness.
	 Stakeholder Value Creation: Our efforts are geared 
towards creating sustained value for all stakeholders, 
fostering long-term relationships built on trust and mutual 
benefit.
We remain committed in our pursuit of excellence in Corporate 
Governance, recognizing its pivotal role in driving our continued 
success and fostering stakeholder confidence.
BOARD ARCHITECTURE
Y our Company has undertaken significant steps to optimize 
board structures, ensuring the Board embody the ideal 
composition for effective governance. This includes:
	 Independent Directorship: We have strived to achieve 
the optimal balance by appointing a suitable number of 
Independent Directors, bringing diverse expertise and 
perspectives to the table.
	 Board Diversity: Recognizing the value of diverse 
viewpoints, we have worked to ensure representation 
across various functional and industry domains within our 
boards.
	 Active Lead Directors: Each board benefits from the 
presence of an engaged lead Director, facilitating proactive 
governance and strategic oversight.
	 Separation of Roles: T o reinforce accountability and 
decision-making clarity, we have separated the roles of 
MD/CEO and Chairmen within our boards.
Moreover, we have clearly defined the board’s role in key areas 
such as:
	 Strategy Formulation: Boards actively contribute to 
shaping strategic direction and long-term goals.
	 Financial Monitoring: Rigorous oversight mechanisms are 
in place to monitor the financial health of our companies.
	 Leadership Development: Boards are actively involved 
in fostering a culture of leadership excellence and talent 
development.
	 Risk Management: Comprehensive risk management 
strategies are formulated and monitored by the board to 
safeguard interests of the subsidiary business.
	 Succession Planning: Robust succession plans are 
developed and overseen by the board, ensuring continuity 
of leadership and organizational stability.
Through these initiatives, we aim to bolster governance 
effectiveness, enhance stakeholder confidence, and drive 
sustainable value creation across our Group.
BOARD PROCESSES
Our commitment to optimizing the effectiveness of our Board 
extends to various facets, including:
	 Director Onboarding: We ensure a smooth onboarding 
process for new Directors, equipping them with the necessary 
knowledge and resources to fulfill their roles effectively.
	 Board Education and Engagement: Continuous education 
and engagement initiatives are undertaken to enhance 
Directors’ understanding of our business and industry 
landscape, enabling informed decision-making.
	 Promoting Independence: We foster an environment that 
encourages independent thinking and actions, adhering 
strictly to our code of conduct to uphold ethical standards 
and integrity.
	 Meeting Efficiency: Key operational aspects, such as 
crafting comprehensive meeting agendas and facilitating 
the flow of timely and relevant information to the Board, 
are meticulously managed to optimize the Board’s time 
and focus on critical business areas.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
[[PAGE 88]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 83 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
	 External Expertise: External speakers are invited to 
share insights and best practices, enriching the Board’s 
discussions and keeping them informed of industry trends 
and benchmarks.
	 Comprehensive Board Materials: Board materials are 
curated to be comprehensive, concise, and strategically 
relevant, facilitating meaningful discussions and decision-
making.
	 Sub-committee Review: Material matters are thoroughly 
reviewed by specific Board sub-committees, comprising 
a balanced mix of Non-executive and Independent 
Directors with relevant expertise. Detailed charters are 
in place for each sub-committee, outlining their roles and 
responsibilities.
Through these measures, we ensure that our Board functions 
optimally, with a focus on strategic oversight, value creation and 
prudent governance across all critical aspects of our business.
BOARD EFFECTIVENESS
T o continually enhance Board effectiveness, we employ several 
mechanisms:
	 Annual Evaluation: An annual evaluation of Board 
Members is conducted to assess the performance 
and identify areas for improvement, ensuring ongoing 
alignment with organizational goals and values.
	 Inter-Company Board Movements: When necessary, 
inter-company Board movements are facilitated to ensure 
that each Board is composed of members who bring 
relevant expertise and are fully engaged in decision-
making processes.
	 Performance Improvement Mechanisms: Various 
mechanisms are in place to improve Board performance, 
including:
	Clear Standards of Conduct: We establish clear 
standards of conduct and behavior to guide Board 
members in fulfilling their responsibilities with 
integrity and professionalism.
	Governance Interventions: A calendar of key 
governance interventions, such as strategy-setting 
sessions and risk management sessions, is set to 
ensure that the Board remains proactive in addressing 
critical issues and opportunities.
	 Consequence Management: Effective consequence 
management processes are implemented to address 
deviations from expected behavior or performance 
standards, fostering accountability and continuous 
improvement.
By implementing these measures, we aim to continuously 
strengthen our Boards’ effectiveness, enabling them to make 
informed decisions that drive sustainable business growth and 
value creation.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors of the Company as on March 31, 2025, 
comprised of Nine Board members including one Executive 
Director and Eight Non-Executive Directors out of which Five 
are Independent Directors. 
Mr. Analjit Singh (Non-Executive Promoter Director) is the 
Chairman of the Company. 
During the FY 2024-25, Mr. Pradeep Pant and Ms. Sharmila 
T agore, Independent Directors of the Company were re-
appointed as Independent Directors for the second term 
effective from June 1, 2025. 
In terms of the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 and 203 read 
with Schedule V and all other applicable provisions, if any of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) the term of Mr. Rajit Mehta, 
Managing Director of the Company will expire on January 
14, 2026. Basis the recommendations of the Nomination and 
Remuneration committee the Board has approved the re-
appointment of Mr. Rajit Mehta as Managing Director of the 
Company for a period of 5 yeas effective from January 15, 2026 
to January 14, 2031 (both days inclusive).
Further, the Board of Directors of the Company had  
re-appointed Mr. Niten Malhan as Non-Executive Independent 
Director of the Company for the second term effective from 
February 1, 2026 upto January 31, 2031 (both days inclusive).
As required under Regulation 36 of SEBI LODR, the information 
or details pertaining to the Directors seeking re-appointment in 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting are provided in the Notice 
convening the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
As at March 31, 2025, none of the Directors was a member in 
more than ten committees or the Chairman of more than five 
committees (considering Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee only), across all public companies in 
which he/ she is a director. Further, none of the Directors was a 
Director or an Independent Director in more than seven listed 
entities. 
The composition of Directors and their attendance at the Board 
meetings held during the financial year ended March 31, 2025 
and at the last Annual General Meeting, including the details of 
their other Directorships and Committee Memberships as on 
March 31, 2025 are given below:
[[PAGE 89]]
84 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Name of Director & Category Number of Board meetings 
during the year 2024-2025
Attendance at 
last AGM held 
on September 
23, 2024
Number of 
Directorships 
in other  
companies as 
on March 31, 
2025*
Number of committee positions 
held in other public companies 
as on March 31, 2025**
Directorships in other Listed 
companies
Held Attended Chairman Member
Mr. Analjit Singh [Promoter, 
Non-Executive Director & 
Chairman] 
DIN: 00029641
4 4 Ye s 11 - - Promoter, Non-Executive 
Director & Chairman in 
Max Financial Services Ltd. 
Max Estates Ltd.
Ms. T ara Singh Vachani 
[Promoter, Vice-Chairperson 
& Non-Executive Director ]
DIN: 02610311
4 4 Ye s 11 - - Nil
Mr. Rajit Mehta 
[Managing Director]
DIN: 01604819
4 4 Ye s 7 - - Independent Director in  
Dr. Lal PathLabs Ltd.
Mr. Mohit T alwar 
[Non-Executive Director]
DIN: 02394694
4 4 No 1 - - Nil
Ms. Sharmila T agore
[Independent Director]
DIN: 00244638
4 3 No 1 - - Nil
Mr. Pradeep Pant
[Independent Director]
DIN: 00677064
4 4 Ye s 1 - 1 Nil
Mr. Niten Malhan
[Independent Director] 
DIN: 00614624
4 4 Ye s 9 Nil 1 Independent Director in 
Lemon T ree Hotels Ltd. 
Max Estates Ltd.
Dr. Ajit Singh [Independent 
Director]
DIN: 02525853
4 3 No 1 - - Nil
Mr. Rohit Kapoor
[Independent Director]
DIN: 06529360
4 3 No 1 - - Nil
* Excludes directorships held in Foreign Companies and Companies formed under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013/Section 25 of the Companies Act, 1956.
**Represents Memberships/Chairmanships of Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee of Indian Public Limited Companies, other than companies 
formed under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013/Section 25 of the Companies Act, 1956.
CORE SKILLS/EXPERTISE/COMPETENCIES IDENTIFIED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
In terms of the requirement of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) and in the context of the Company’s business and activities, the Board has identified the following core skills/
expertise/ competencies of the Directors for effective functioning of the Company in the context of company’s business.
S. No PARTICULARS
Skill 1 Industry and sector experience or knowledge: understand the Company’s business, policies, and culture and 
knowledge of the industry in which the Company operates;
Skill 2 Leadership and governance: Board experience, responsibility for taking decisions keeping in mind the interest of all 
stakeholders;
Skill 3 Strategic thinking and decision making: Having experience in decision making keeping in mind the interest of 
shareholders;
Skill 4 Experience in M&A, business restructuring and joint ventures; and
Skill 5 Financial Skills: Experience in financial management; risk assessment; treasury and fund raising initiatives
As on March 31, 2025, Mr. Analjit Singh, Ms. T ara Singh Vachani, Mr. Rajit Mehta, Mr. Niten Malhan, Mr. Pradeep Pant, Dr. Ajit 
Singh, Mr. Rohit Kapoor, Ms. Sharmila T agore and Mr. Mohit T alwar possess all the aforementioned skills/ expertise/ competencies. 
Brief profiles of Directors forming part of this Annual Report provide an insight into the education, expertise, skills and experience 
of the Directors.
[[PAGE 90]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 85 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
CONFIRMATION ON THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The Independent Directors provide annual confirmations 
stating that they meet the criteria of independence as stated 
in Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and 
Regulation 16 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. On the basis 
of confirmations/ declarations/ disclosures received from the 
Independent Directors and on evaluation of the relationship 
disclosed, the Board confirms that in its opinion, the 
Independent Directors of the Company fulfil the conditions as 
specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations and are 
independent of the management.
DETAILS OF BOARD MEETINGS HELD DURING THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
During the financial year ended March 31, 2025, the Board of 
directors of the Company met four times. Dates of the board 
meetings along with the total number of directors associated 
as of the date of the meetings and directors’ attendance at the 
meetings are mentioned below: -
S. No. Date Board 
Strength
No. of Directors 
Present
1. May 24, 2024 9 7
2. August 14, 2024 9 9
3. October 24, 2024 9 9
4. February 6, 2025 9 8
INTER-SE RELATIONSHIP AMONG DIRECTORS
Ms. T ara Singh Vachani is the daughter of Mr. Analjit Singh, 
Chairman of the Board and Promoter of the Company. Apart 
from them, no other directors are related to each other.
SHAREHOLDING OF DIRECTORS
The details of equity shares of Rs. 10/- each held by Directors 
of the Company as on March 31, 2025 are:
(a)  Mr. Analjit Singh – 8,72,357 equity shares 
(b)  Ms. T ara Singh Vachani – 20,000 equity shares 
(c) Mr. Mohit T alwar –1,26,227 equity shares
(d)  Mr. Rajit Mehta - 2,73,856 equity shares
Apart from the above, none of the Non-Executive (including 
Independent) Directors holds any shares (as their own or 
on behalf of any other person on a beneficial basis) in the 
Company as on March 31, 2025.
HOW DO WE MAKE SURE OUR BOARD IS EFFECTIVE?
The calendar for the Board and Committee meetings is fixed 
in advance for the whole financial year, along with significant 
agenda items. At least one Board meeting is held within 45 days 
from the close of each quarter (within 60 days for last quarter 
of financial year) to review financial results and business 
performance and the gap between two Board meetings does 
not exceed 120 days as required by law.
Matters of exigency are approved by the Directors by 
resolutions passed through circulation as permissible under the 
provisions of the Act and Secretarial Standards on meetings of 
the Board of Directors (SS-1) and the same are also duly noted 
in the next meeting. 
Generally, meetings of Committees of Board are held prior 
to the Board meeting. The Chairpersons of the respective 
Committees brief the Board about the proceedings of the 
Committee meetings and Committee’s recommendations on 
matters that the Board needs to consider and approve.
All Agenda items are accompanied by comprehensive notes 
and required documents on the related subject and in certain 
areas such as business plans/business reviews and financial 
results, detailed presentations are made to the Board members. 
The materials for the Board and committee meetings are 
generally circulated through email and/ or electronically in a 
secured dedicated portal. The Board is regularly updated on the 
key risks and the steps and process initiated for reducing and, if 
feasible, eliminating various risks. Business risk evaluation and 
management is an ongoing process with the Company.
Further, the Company has made familiarization programmes 
to familiarize Independent Directors with the Company, their 
roles, rights, responsibilities in the Company, nature of the 
industry in which the Company operates, business model of 
the Company, etc. The detail of such familiarization programme 
is available at the following link on website of the Company  
https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ static/uploads/ corporatepolicy/
familarization-program-2024-25.pdf
T o enable the Board to discharge its responsibilities effectively, 
members of the Board are apprised on the overall performance 
of the Company and its subsidiary(ies)/joint ventures at every 
Board meeting. The Board has complete access to all the 
relevant information within the Company and all its employees. 
Senior Management is invited to attend the Board meetings to 
provide detailed insight into the items being discussed. 
CODE OF CONDUCT
In compliance with Regulation 26(3) of SEBI Listing Regulations, 
the Company had adopted a Code of Conduct for the Directors 
and Senior Management of the Company (‘the Code’), a 
copy of which is available on the Company’s website at 
https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ static/uploads/ corporatepolicy/
pdf32099390445cc9f6f3ce3a5d328fd1cf.pdf 
[[PAGE 91]]
86 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
All members of the Board, KMP and senior management 
personnel had affirmed compliance with the above-mentioned 
Code for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 and a 
declaration to this effect signed by the Managing Director 
forms part of this report as Annexure- I.
Pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider 
T rading) Regulations, 2015 as amended, the Company has 
adopted a code of conduct to regulate, monitor and report 
trading by insiders for prevention of insider trading, which is 
applicable to all the Directors, Promoters, Key Managerial 
Personnel and designated employees/ persons.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
In compliance with the statutory requirements, the Board 
has constituted various committees with specific terms of 
reference and scope. The objective is to focus effectively on 
the issues and ensure expedient resolution of diverse matters. 
The Committees operate as the Board’s empowered agents 
according to their charter/terms of reference. The Constitution 
and brief charter of the Board Committees are stated herein: 
AUDIT COMMITTEE
As on March 31, 2025, this Committee comprised of Mr. Niten 
Malhan (Chairman), Ms. Sharmila T agore, Mr. Pradeep Pant 
and Ms. T ara Singh Vachani. All members of the Committee, 
except Ms. T ara Singh Vachani, are Independent Directors. All 
members of the Audit Committee are financially literate and 
the Chairman possesses the required accounting and financial 
management expertise. Company Secretary of the Company 
acts as the Secretary to this Committee. 
Mr. Niten Malhan, Chairman of the Audit Committee, was 
present at the last Annual General Meeting. 
During the Financial Y ear ended March 31, 2025, all the 
recommendations made by the Audit Committee were 
accepted by the Board of Directors of the Company.
The scope of the Audit Committee has been defined by the 
Board of Directors in accordance with Regulation 18 and Part 
C of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations and applicable 
provisions of the Act. This Committee, inter-alia, recommends 
appointment and remuneration of statutory auditors, 
secretarial auditors, internal auditors, reviews Company’s 
financial reporting processes & systems and internal financial 
controls, financial and risk management policies, related 
party transactions, significant transactions and arrangements 
entered into by unlisted subsidiaries, review of inter-corporate 
loans and investments, Company’s financial statements, 
including annual and quarterly financial results and financial 
accounting practices & policies and reviews the functioning of 
the whistle blower mechanism.
Representatives of Internal Auditors and Statutory Auditors 
are invited to the meetings of the Committee, as and when 
required. 
MEETINGS & ATTENDANCE OF THE COMMITTEE DURING 
THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
During the financial year ended March 31, 2025, Audit 
committee met four times viz. on May 24, 2024, August 
13, 2024, October 23, 2024 and February 5, 2025. The 
Composition and attendance of the members at the meeting 
held during the FY 2024-25 are given below:
Name of Committee members Number of 
meetings  
entitled to 
attend
Number of 
meetings 
attended
Mr. Niten Malhan (Chairman) 4 4
Ms. Sharmila T agore 4 3
Mr. Pradeep Pant 4 4
Ms. T ara Singh Vachani 4 3
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
As on March 31, 2025, comprised of Mr. Pradeep Pant 
(Chairman), Mr. Analjit Singh, Ms. Sharmila T agore, Dr. Ajit 
Singh, Ms. T ara Singh Vachani and Mr. Niten Malhan. All the 
members are Independent Directors, except Mr. Analjit Singh 
and Ms. T ara Singh Vachani and who are non-executive non-
independent Directors. 
All the recommendations made by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee were accepted by the Board.
The scope of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
has been defined by the Board of Directors in accordance 
with Regulation 19 and Part D of Schedule II to the SEBI 
Listing Regulations and applicable provisions of the Act. This 
Committee, inter-alia, evaluates the compensation and benefits 
for Executive Directors and Senior Executives at one level 
below the Board, recruitment of key managerial personnel and 
finalization of their compensation, induction of Executive and 
Non-Executive Directors and fixing the method, criteria and 
quantum of compensation to be paid to the Non-Executive 
Directors. It also administers the ESOP Scheme(s) of the 
Company including approval for grant of stock options and 
allotment of equity shares arising from exercise of stock options. 
The remuneration policy of the Company is aimed at attracting 
and retaining the best talent to leverage performance in 
a significant manner. The strategy takes into account, 
the remuneration trends, talent market and competitive  
requirements. 
[[PAGE 92]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 87 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MEETINGS & ATTENDANCE OF THE COMMITTEE DURING 
THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
During the financial year ended March 31, 2025, NRC met two 
times viz. on May 21, 2024 and February 6, 2025. The details of 
attendance of directors are as under:
Director Number of 
meetings 
entitled to 
attend
Number of 
meetings 
attended
Mr. Pradeep Pant (Chairman) 2 2
Ms. Sharmila T agore 2 2
Ms. T ara Singh Vachani 2 2
Mr. Analjit Singh 2 0
Mr. Niten Malhan 2 2
Dr. Ajit Singh 2 2
Mr. Pradeep Pant, Chairman of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee was present at the last Annual 
General Meeting.
Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to 
this Committee. 
STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE 
As on March 31, 2025, this Committee comprised of Ms. T ara 
Singh Vachani (Chairperson), Mr. Niten Malhan and Mr. Mohit 
T alwar. 
The scope of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee has 
been defined by the Board of Directors in accordance with the 
provisions of the Regulation 20 and part D of Schedule II to the 
SEBI Listing Regulations.
Key responsibilities of this Committee, inter-alia, include 
formulation of procedures, in line with the statutory guidelines, 
to ensure speedy disposal of various requests received from 
shareholders from time to time, review of measures taken for 
effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders and redressal 
of shareholders’ and investors’ complaints/ grievances. 
During the Financial Y ear ended March 31, 2025, all the 
recommendations made by the Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee were accepted by the Board.
Ms. T rapti acts as the Company Secretary of the Company and 
as the Secretary to this Committee. 
MEETINGS & ATTENDANCE OF THE COMMITTEE DURING 
THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
During the year under review, 1 (one) meeting of the 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee was held on February 6, 
2025. All the three members of the Committee attended the 
said meeting.
The Company has normally attended to the Shareholders/
Investors complaints within a period of 21 (twenty one) working 
days except in cases which were under legal proceedings/
disputes. 
During the financial year ended March 31, 2025, 3 (Three) 
complaint/ query was received which had been resolved by the 
Company. 
No complaint was pending for resolution as on March 31, 2025.
STRATEGY AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
Apart from the above statutory committees, the Board of 
Directors had earlier constituted Strategy and Investment 
Committee. The responsibilities of this committee inter-alia 
include to review the performance of business carried on by the 
Company and its subsidiaries for their growth and expansion, 
review and recommend various fund raising options, strategic 
capital allocation to Company’s subsidiaries and to review 
proposals on business restructuring, mergers, consolidations, 
acquisitions, investment, establishment of joint ventures and 
divestments of any business.
As on March 31, 2025, this Committee comprised of Dr. Ajit 
Singh (Chairman), Mr. Mohit T alwar, Mr. Pradeep Pant, Mr. 
Niten Malhan and Mr. Rohit Kapoor. 
During the Financial Y ear ended March 31, 2025, all the 
recommendations made by the Strategy and Investment Committee 
were accepted by the Board of Directors of the Company.
MEETINGS & ATTENDANCE OF THE COMMITTEE DURING 
THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
During the financial year ended March 31, 2025, SIC met five 
times viz. on May 3, 2024 (Adjourned to May 21, 2024), August 
5, 2024, October 9, 2024, January 15, 2025 and February 6, 
2025. The details of attendance of directors are as under:
Director Number of 
meetings entitled 
to attend
Number of 
meetings 
attended
Dr. Ajit Singh 5 4
Mr. Pradeep Pant 5 2
Mr. Mohit T alwar 5 5
Mr. Rohit Kapoor 5 2
Mr. Niten Malhan 5 5
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE 
The Company did not fall under the top 1000 listed Companies 
by market capitalization as on December 31, 2024. Accordingly, 
the Company is not required to constitute Risk Management 
Committee pursuant to the requirements of regulation 21(5) of 
SEBI Listing Regulations.
[[PAGE 93]]
88 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS 
The Board of Directors of the Company comprised of Five 
Independent Directors as on March 31, 2025 viz., Ms. Sharmila 
T agore, Mr. Pradeep Pant, Mr. Niten Malhan, Dr. Ajit Singh and 
Mr. Rohit Kapoor. 
In compliance of Schedule IV of the Act and provisions of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations, Independent directors had a separate 
meeting on May 21, 2024, without the presence of Non-
Independent Directors and members of the management team 
and inter-alia reviewed:
	 The performance of Non-Independent Directors and the 
Board as a whole; 
	 The performance of the Chairman of the Company, taking 
into account the views of Executive Directors and Non-
executive Directors; and 
	 The quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information 
between the Company’s management and the Board that 
is necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably 
perform their duties.
Further, the Company has made familiarization programme 
to familiarize Independent Directors with the Company, 
their roles, rights, responsibilities in the Company, 
nature of the industry in which the Company operates, 
business model of the Company, etc. The familiarization 
programme is available at the website of the Company at  
https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ static/uploads/ stakeholder/
familarization-program-2024-25.pdf 
PERFORMANCE EVALUATION CRITERIA FOR 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Act and Regulation 
17(10) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the performance 
evaluation of Independent Directors was done by the entire 
Board of Directors and in the evaluation, the directors who 
were subject to evaluation had not participate. The evaluation 
of Independent Directors was based on criteria such as 
current knowledge of the Company’s business sector & trends, 
understanding of businesses of subsidiaries, operational 
structure and key risks, meaningful & constructive contribution 
in meetings, guidance to the management etc.
REMUNERATION PAID TO DIRECTORS
During the FY 2024-25, the Company paid sitting fees of 
Rs.1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh Only) per meeting to its 
Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Directors) for 
attending meetings of the Board and Committees of the Board. 
The Company has not paid any remuneration to its Non-
Executive/ Independent Directors during the Financial Y ear 
2024-25, except annual gross compensation of Rs.3 crore to 
Mr. Analjit Singh, Non-Executive Chairman of the Company in 
terms of applicable provisions of the Act.
Details of the sitting fees paid to Non-Executive/Independent 
Directors of the Company during 2024-25 are as under:
S. No. Name of Director Sitting Fee paid
(In Rs.)
1 Mr. Analjit Singh 4,00,000
2 Ms. T ara Singh Vachani 10,00,000
3 Mr. Mohit T alwar 10,00,000
4 Ms. Sharmila T agore 9,00,000
5 Mr. Pradeep Pant 14,00,000
6 Mr. Niten Malhan 17,00,000
7 Dr. Ajit Singh 10,00,000
8 Mr. Rohit Kapoor 7,00,000
The remuneration payable/ paid to the Managing Director of 
the Company (including performance incentives) is determined 
from time to time by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee within the limits approved by the Board of Directors 
and shareholders of the Company in terms of applicable 
provisions of the Act read with the Company’s Remuneration 
Policy. Details of the remuneration paid to Mr. Rajit Mehta as 
Managing Director for the period from April 01, 2024 to March 
31, 2025 is mentioned as under.
[[PAGE 94]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 89 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
(Amount in `)
Name of Person(s) Rajit Mehta
Salary and allowances 2,31,40,928
Other Benefits (Perquisites) 3,42,39,400
Performance Incentive/ special payments 1,65,99,969
Retirals Nil
T otal Income 7,39,80,297
Service contract 5 years from January 15, 2021 to January 14, 2026
Notice period 3 months 
Stock options granted 456,428 Stock Options were granted on April 14, 2021, which would entitle him one 
equity share of Rs. 10/- each at the Grant Price of Rs. 65.23 per Option for every one 
option exercised. 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, on May 25, 2023, has amended the 
vesting schedule i.e. from bullet vesting to graded vesting, for all the grants made till 
date. The revised vesting schedule for the grants made to Mr. Rajit Mehta is as under:
No. of options to be vested Date of vesting
1,36,928 June 1, 2023
1,36,928 June 1, 2024
1,82,572 June 1, 2025
The exercise period shall remain the same i.e. 5 years from the respective Vesting 
Dates.
Mr. Rajit Mehta exercised the 2,73,856 shares and the Company has allotted the 
same on March 10, 2025.
The severance fee, if any, shall be payable as per the provisions 
of the Act. The Variable Compensation/Performance Incentive 
shall be paid basis performance rating of MD and company’s 
performance, within the limits approved by the shareholders 
of the Company. 
In terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Act, the Board 
has approved a Policy on Nomination, Remuneration and Board 
Diversity for Directors, KMPs and other Senior Management 
Personnel.
The Company’s remuneration policy is intended to set out 
criteria for remuneration of the directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel, senior management, and other employees of the 
Company in accordance with the goals of the Company.
The criteria for making payments to Non-Executive Independent 
Directors forms part of the Policy on Nomination, Remuneration 
and Board Diversity. The remuneration policy of company 
available at https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ static/uploads/
corporatepolicy/ pdf73367e1fb4e164844933d1e1f5e97f62.pdf 
form part of the directors report.
The performance evaluation procedure and criteria for 
Directors including independent directors is detailed in the 
Board’s Report attached as part of this Annual Report.
COMMISSION PAID TO DIRECTORS
During the year under review, the Company did not pay any 
commission to any Director.
PARTICULARS OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The details of the Senior Management Personnel (as defined 
under Regulation 16(1)(d) of the SEBI Listing Regulations) as on 
March 31, 2025, are as under:
1) Mr. Dharmender Kumar, Director and Head-Group 
Corporate Affairs
2) Mr. Sandeep Pathak, Chief Financial Officer and Head Legal
3) Ms. Simardeep Kaur, Chief Human Resource Officer
4) Mr. Pankaj Chawla, Company Secretary, resigned from the 
position of Company Secretary w.e.f. September 30, 2024; 
and
5) Ms. T rapti, appointed as Company Secretary of the 
Company w.e.f. November 27, 2024.
Except as above, there were no changes in the senior 
management personnel since the closing of previous financial 
year.
[[PAGE 95]]
90 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The details of the last three AGMs held, and special resolutions passed by the shareholders in the said AGMs are as under.
Financial Y ear 
ended
Day, Date & Time Venue/Mode Special Resolutions
March 31, 2022 Thursday, August 25, 2022
1200 hrs (IST) 
Through Video 
Conferencing/ 
Other Audio-Visual 
Means
Deemed Venue: 
Registered Office
None
March 31, 2023 T uesday, August 22, 2023
1115 hrs (IST)
Approval of the terms of remuneration payable to 
Mr. Rajit Mehta as the Managing Director of the 
Company
March 31, 2024 Monday, September 23, 2024
1430 Hrs. (IST)
Approval for continuation of term of appointment of 
Mr. Analjit Singh (DIN: 00029641) as Director (Non-
Executive and Non-Independent) of the Company
All the resolutions including special resolution set out in the respective notices of aforesaid AGM were passed by the shareholders.
No special resolution is proposed to be conducted through postal ballot on the date of signing of this report.
EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
No Extraordinary General Meeting was held during the financial year 2024-25.
RESOLUTIONS PASSED THROUGH POSTAL BALLOT AND PROCESS THEREOF
During the financial year 2024-25, following six resolutions were passed through Postal Ballot Notices. Relevant details for such 
Postal Ballots are as under:
1 (a) Date of Postal Ballot Notice: December 30, 2024
 (b) Voting period: December 31, 2024 to January 29, 2025
 (c) Date of declaration of result: January 29, 2025
 (d) Effective Date of approval: January 29, 2025
Particulars of Resolution Votes Polled Votes in 
Favour
Votes against % of Votes in 
Favour
Ordinary Resolution: approval of the Material related 
party transaction(s) between the Company and Max 
T owers Private Limited
27,42,035 2727073 14962 99.45
2 (a) Date of Postal Ballot Notice : February 06, 2025
 (b) Voting period : February 28, 2025 to March 29, 2025
 (c) Date of declaration of result : March 29, 2025
 (d) Effective Date of approval : March 29, 2025
Particulars of Resolution Votes Polled Votes in favour Votes against % of Votes in 
Favour
Special Resolution: Payment of compensation to  
Mr. Analjit Singh, Non- Executive Chairman of the 
Company for the Financial Y ear 2025-26*
9,57,336 5,72,717 3,84,619 59.82
Special Resolution: Re- appointment of Mrs. Sharmila 
T agore as an Independent Director of the Company.
9,57,336 9,13,254 44,082 95.40
Special Resolution: Re-appointment of Mr. Pradeep Pant 
as an Independent Director of the Company
9,57,326 9,24,077 33,249 96.53
Ordinary Resolution: Approval of material related party 
transactions between Antara Senior Living Limited and 
Max Estates Gurugram Limited.
9,57,326 9,55,650 1,676 99.82
Ordinary Resolution: Approval of material related party 
transaction(s) between Antara Senior Living Limited and 
Contend Builders Private Limited
9,57,326 9,36,521 20,805 97.83
*The resolution related to payment of compensation to Mr. Analjit Singh, Non- Executive Chairman of the Company for the Financial Y ear 2025-26 was not approved.
[[PAGE 96]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 91 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Mr. Kapil Dev T aneja, Partner of M/ s Sanjay Grover & Associates, 
Company Secretaries having office at B-88, 1 st Floor, Defence 
Colony, New Delhi - 110024, performed the duties of Scrutinizer 
for conducting the Postal Ballot process in a fair and transparent 
manner.
PROCEDURE FOLLOWED FOR POSTAL BALLOT /E-VOTING
i. In accordance with Section 110 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act read with Rule 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 
2014 and Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
as amended and in accordance with the guidelines 
prescribed/various circulars issued by the MCA and SEBI 
for holding general meetings/ conducting postal ballot 
process, the postal ballot process was conducted by way 
of electronic voting only.
ii. In accordance with the above stated MCA Circulars, 
the Notices of Postal Ballot along with the instructions 
regarding e-voting were sent only by e-mail to all those 
Shareholders, whose e-mail addresses were registered 
with Company, RTA or with the Depositories/Depository 
Participants and whose names appear in the Register of 
Shareholders/list of Beneficial Owners as on the Cut-
off Date as determined by the Company. The Company 
also published notices in the newspapers declaring the 
details of completion of dispatch and other requirements 
as mandated under the Act for both the Postal Ballot/E-
voting activities.
iii. Members were requested to follow the instructions for 
e-voting and to vote during the voting period.
iv. After due scrutiny of e-voting received during voting period 
as mentioned in Notices of Postal Ballot, scrutinizers 
had submitted their final reports to the Chairman of the 
Company, or to any other person duly authorized by him.
v. The results of the postal ballots/ e-voting were declared in 
terms of provisions of Secretarial Standard-2. The results 
were also placed at the website of the Company at www.
maxindia.com besides being communicated to Stock 
Exchanges, where the Company’s shares are listed. 
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
Timely disclosure of reliable information and corporate financial 
performance is the core of good Corporate Governance. 
T owards this direction, the quarterly/ annual results of the 
Company were announced within the prescribed period and 
published in the Mint, Financial Express, Business Standard 
(English), Navshakti and Navakal (Marathi) Newspapers. 
The results were also displayed on the Company’s website  
https:/ /www.maxindia.com/investorrelations/ disclosures. 
The official news releases and the presentations made to the 
investors/ analysts were also displayed on the Company’s website 
and were also sent to the stock exchanges for dissemination.
DISCLOSURES
a) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 There were no material significant related party 
transactions with the Promoters, the Directors or the 
management, their relatives etc. that may have potential 
conflict with the interests of the Company at large. 
Approval for the material related party transaction(s) 
between the Company and Max T owers Private Limited, 
Approval for the material related party transaction(s) 
between Antara Senior Living Limited, a material subsidiary 
of the Company and its related parties viz Max Estates 
Gurugram Limited and Contend Builders Private Limited 
for their usual business transactions were received from 
the shareholders of the Company through Postal Ballot in 
compliance with the SEBI Listing Regulations.
 The Company has formulated a policy for transacting with 
the Related Parties and the same is uploaded at https:/ /
www.maxindia.com/ corporate-policies 
 T ransactions entered with the related parties are disclosed 
in Note no. 36 under Notes to Accounts to the Standalone 
financial statements in the Annual Report.
b) COMPLIANCE BY THE COMPANY
 The Company has complied with all mandatory 
requirements of the listing agreement entered into with 
the Stock Exchanges, SEBI Listing Regulations and other 
statutory authorities on all matters relating to capital 
markets during the last three years. No penalties/ strictures 
have been imposed by Stock Exchange/SEBI/Statutory 
Authority, on any matter related to capital markets, during 
the last three years.
c) VIGIL MECHANISM- WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
 The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy and 
has established the necessary mechanism for directors/
employees to report concerns about unethical behaviour. 
The policy provides adequate safeguards against 
victimization of directors/ employees and is available at 
the website of the Company at https:/ /www.maxindia.
com/ static/uploads/ corporatepolicy/whistle-blower-
policy.pdf 
[[PAGE 97]]
92 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
 It is hereby affirmed that no person has been denied 
the access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee on 
matters relating to Whistle Blower Policy of the Company.
d) DISCLOSURE OF COMMODITY PRICE RISK AND COM-
MODITY HEDGING ACTIVITIES
 The Company does not deal in commodity activities. 
Accordingly, the disclosures pertaining to commodity 
price risks and commodity hedging activities are not 
applicable to the Company.
e) DETAILS OF UTILIZATION OF FUNDS RAISED 
THROUGH PREFERENTIAL ALLOTMENT OR QUALI-
FIED INSTITUTIONS PLACEMENT AS SPECIFIED UN-
DER REGULATION 32 (7A)
 The Company has not raised any funds through preferential 
allotment or qualified Institutions placement during the 
year ended March 31, 2025.
f) DISCLOSURES OF THE COMPLIANCE WITH CORPO-
RATE GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS SPECIFIED IN 
REGULATION 17 TO 27 AND CLAUSES (B) TO (I) OF 
SUB-REGULATION (2) OF REGULATION 46 OF SEBI 
LISTING REGULATIONS 
 The Company has complied with all applicable 
requirements of the Code of Corporate Governance as 
stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) 
of sub-regulation (2) of Regulations 46 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
g) CONSOLIDATED FEES TO THE STATUTORY AUDITORS 
OF THE COMPANY 
 Details of total fees for all services paid by the Company 
and its subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) to the 
statutory auditor and all entities in the network firm/
network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part is as 
under:
Particulars Amount (in Lakh)
As auditor
Audit Fee 37.90
In other capacity
Reimbursement of expenses 3.71
Certification Fees 0.10
T otal 41.71
h) MATERIAL SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES 
The Company has formulated a policy for determining 
‘material subsidiaries’ which is available at https:/ /www.
maxindia.com/ corporate-policies 
During the FY 2024-25, the Company had three material 
subsidiary Companies viz. Antara Senior Living Ltd. 
(ASLL), Antara Purukul Senior Living Ltd. (APSLL) and 
Antara Assisted Care Services Limited (AACSL).
Mr. Niten Malhan and Dr. Ajit Singh are common 
Independent Directors between the Company and ASLL. 
Mr. Niten Malhan is the common Independent Director 
between the Company and APSLL & AACSL.
Details of material subsidiaries in terms of Para C of 
Schedule V of SEBI Listing Regulations are furnished below: 
Name of 
material 
subsidiary
Date and 
place of 
Incorporation
Name and date of 
appointment of 
statutory auditors
Antara 
Senior 
Living Ltd.
06.05.2011
Delhi
Ravi Rajan & Co, LLP
Appointed on August 
24, 2023 for a term of 
five years  
Antara 
Purukul 
Senior 
Living Ltd. 
21.06.1995
Dehradun
Ravi Rajan & Co, LLP
Appointed on August 
22, 2023 for a term of 
five years  
Antara 
Assisted 
Care 
Services 
Limited
05.11.2012
Delhi
Ravi Rajan & Co, LLP
Appointed on August 
22, 2023 for a term of 
five years  
i) DISCLOSURE ON LOANS OR ADVANCES
 During the year 2024-25, the Company and its subsidiaries 
have not given loan and advances in the nature of loans 
to firms/ companies (other than subsidiaries) in which 
Directors are interested.
 A detailed disclosure with respect to Subsidiaries and 
Joint Venture Companies of the Company form part of the 
Directors’ Report attached as part of this Annual Report.
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
A section on the ‘General Shareholder Information’ is annexed, 
and forms part of this Annual Report. 
[[PAGE 98]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 93 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
A section on the ‘Management Discussion & Analysis’ is 
annexed and forms part of this Annual Report. 
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE
The certification by the Managing Director and Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company, in compliance of Regulation 17(8) 
read with Part B, Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations, is 
enclosed as Annexure-II to the report.
M/ s. Sanjay Grover & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries have certified that the Company has complied 
with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated 
in Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the said 
certificate is annexed as Annexure-III to the Report.
A certificate from M/ s. Sanjay Grover & Associates, Practicing 
Company Secretaries certifying that none of the directors on 
the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified 
from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies 
by Securities and Exchange Board of India/Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority is annexed as  
Annexure–IV to the Report.
UNCLAIMED SHARES
The requisite details of equity shares held in Unclaimed 
Suspense Account are as under: 
S. 
No.
Particulars No. of 
shareholders
No. of 
equity
shares held
1 Aggregate number of 
shareholders and the 
outstanding shares lying in 
the Unclaimed suspense 
account at the beginning.
5,392 2,75,468
2 Number of shareholders 
who approached the 
Company (with complete 
documentation) for transfer 
of shares from the Unclaimed 
Suspense Account during the 
year.
113 16,754
3 Number of shareholders 
to whom shares were 
transferred from the 
Unclaimed Suspense 
Account during the year.
113 16,754
4 Aggregate number of 
shareholders and the 
outstanding shares lying in 
the Unclaimed Suspense 
Account as on March 31, 
2025.
5,279 2,58,714
Further the voting rights on the above-mentioned shares shall 
remain frozen till the rightful owner of such shares claims the 
shares.
DISCLOSURE IN RELATION TO SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF 
WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION 
AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013
a. Number of complaints filed during the 
financial year 2024-25 
: Nil 
b. Number of complaints disposed of during the 
financial year 2024-25 
: NA 
c. Number of complaints pending as at end of 
the financial year 2024-25 
: Nil
DISCLOSURE ON DISCRETIONARY REQUIREMENTS 
The Company has duly complied with all the mandatory 
requirements under SEBI Listing Regulations and the status of 
compliance with the discretionary requirements under Part E of 
Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations is given below:
A. Shareholders’ Rights
 The quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results 
of the Company are published in newspapers and also 
posted on the Company’s website. 
B. Audit Qualification
 The auditors have not qualified the financial statement of 
the Company for the financial year 2024-25.
C. Separate posts of Chairman and the Managing Director 
or Chief Executive Officer
 The Company has separate persons for the 
post of Chairman and Managing Director.  
Mr. Analjit Singh, a Non-Executive Promoter Director is 
the Chairman of the Company. 
 Mr. Rajit Mehta is the Managing Director of the Company. 
They are not related to each other as per the definition of 
the term “relative” as defined under the Act.
D. Reporting of Internal Auditor
 The Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit 
Committee of the Company, to ensure independence of 
the Internal Audit function.
On behalf of the Board of Directors
Max India Limited
Place: New Delhi 
Date: May 30, 2025 
-Sd/-
Analjit Singh 
Chairman 
(DIN:00029641)
[[PAGE 99]]
94 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Annexure-I
DECLARATION BY THE MANAGING DIRECTOR ON CODE OF CONDUCT AS 
REQUIRED BY REGULATION 26(3) OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
This is to declare and confirm that the Company has received affirmations of compliance with the provisions of Company’s Code of 
Conduct for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 from all Directors and Senior Management personnel of the Company.
 
On behalf of the Board of Directors
Max India Limited
Place: New Delhi
Date: May 30, 2025
-Sd/-
 Rajit Mehta
 Managing Director
DIN: 01604819
[[PAGE 100]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 95 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Annexure-II
CERTIFICATION BY MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
To
The Board of Directors,
Max India Limited 
We, Rajit Mehta, Managing Director and Sandeep Pathak, Chief Financial Officer of Max India Limited (“the Company”) to the best 
of our knowledge and belief, do hereby confirm that:
A We have reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statement of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 
2025 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:
(a) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that are 
misleading; and
(b) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing 
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
B There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are 
fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct. 
C We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated 
the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the 
Auditors and the Audit Committee, wherever applicable, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, 
of which we are aware of, and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
D We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, wherever applicable:
(i) significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
(ii) significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the 
financial statements; and 
(iii) instances of significant fraud, if any, of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, of the management or 
any employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.
For Max India Limited
Date: May 30, 2025
-Sd/-
Rajit Mehta
Managing Director
New Delhi
-Sd/-
Sandeep Pathak
Chief Financial Officer
Gurugram
[[PAGE 101]]
96 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Annexure-III
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CERTIFICATE
To  
The Members
Max India Limited
(CIN: L74999MH2019PLC320039) 
167, Floor 1, Plot- 167A, Ready Money Mansion,
 Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai - 400018
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Max India Limited (“the Company”), for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2025 as stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulations 46(2) and Para C, D and E 
of Schedule V to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“LODR Regulations”). 
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our examination 
was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of 
Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has 
complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 
46(2) and Para C, D and E of Schedule V to the LODR Regulations to the extent applicable on the Company.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
New Delhi
May 30, 2025
For Sanjay Grover & Associates 
Company Secretaries 
Firm Registration No.: P2001DE052900
Peer Review Certificate No.: 6311/2024
 
Kapil Dev T aneja
     Partner
CP No.: 22944 / Mem. No. F4019
UDIN: F004019G000502363 
[[PAGE 102]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 97 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Annexure-IV
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C Clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
To ,
The Members
Max India Limited
(CIN: L74999MH2019PLC320039) 
167, Floor 1, Plot- 167A, Ready Money Mansion,
Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai - 400018 
1. That the equity shares of Max India Limited (herein after referred as the Company) are listed on BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (collectively referred as “Stock Exchanges”).
2. We have examined the relevant disclosures received from the Directors, registers, records, forms, and returns maintained 
by the Company and produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with 
Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
3. In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications and examination of the disclosures under 
Sections 184, 189, 170, 164, 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and Director Identification Number (DIN) status at MCA 
portal, www.mca.gov.in, and explanations furnished to us by the Company and its officers, we certify that none of the below 
named Directors on the Board of the Company as on March 31, 2025 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed 
or continuing as directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any 
such statutory authority:
Sr. No. Name of Director Director Identification Number Date of Appointment
1 Mr. Analjit Singh 00029641 01/06/2020
2 Mr. Mohit T alwar 02394694 15/01/2021
3 Ms. Sharmila T agore 00244638 01/06/2020
4 Mr. Pradeep Pant 00677064 01/06/2020
5 Ms. T ara Singh Vachani 02610311 01/06/2020
6 Mr. Rajit Mehta 01604819 15/01/2021
7 Mr. Niten Malhan 00614624 01/02/2021
8 Mr. Ajit Singh 02525853 25/05/2022
9 Mr. Rohit Kapoor 06529360 25/05/2022
4. Ensuring the eligibility of the appointment/ continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management 
of the Company and our responsibility is to express an opinion on this based on our verification. This certificate is neither an 
assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has 
conducted the affairs of the Company.
5. This certificate is based on the information and records available up to this date and we have no responsibility to update this 
certificate for the events and circumstances occurring after the date of the certificate.
New Delhi
May 30, 2025
For Sanjay Grover & Associates 
Company Secretaries 
Firm Registration No.: P2001DE052900
Peer Review Certificate No.: 6311/2024
 
Kapil Dev T aneja
     Partner
CP No.: 22944 / Mem. No. F4019
UDIN: F004019G000502308
[[PAGE 103]]
98 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC 
REVIEW

[[PAGE 104]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 99 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC 
REVIEW
GENERAL 
SHAREHOLDER 
INFORMATION
[[PAGE 105]]
100 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
REGISTERED OFFICE
167, Floor 1, Plot-167A, Ready Money Mansion, Dr. Annie besant road, worli, Mumbai- 400018
CORPORATE OFFICE / INVESTOR HELPLINE
Landmark House, 3rd Floor, Plot No- 65, Sector- 44, Gurugram, Haryana- 122003
T el. No. : +91 124 6984444 
e-mail: corpsecretarial@maxindia.com 
REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER AGENT
Mas Services Limited, T-34, 2nd Floor, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase - II New Delhi–110 020
T el–011 26387281/82/83, Fax–011 26387384 
E-mail: investor@masserv.com
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Date and Time: Wednesday, September 3rd, 2025 at 14:30 hours (IST) through Video Conference or Other Audio-Visual Means.
VENUE
The deemed venue for the AGM shall be the Registered Office of the Company.
FINANCIAL YEAR
The financial year of the Company starts from April 1st of a year and ends on March 31st of the following year.
FINANCIAL CALENDAR 2025-26 
1.  First quarter results  - By August 14, 2025
2.  Second quarter & half yearly results  - By November 14, 2025
3.  Third quarter results - By February 14, 2026
4.  Annual results  - By May 30, 2026
LISTING ON STOCK EXCHANGES
The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on the BSE Limited (‘BSE’) and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘NSE’).
The Company confirms that it has paid annual listing fees due to BSE and NSE for the year 2025-26.
The address of the stock exchanges are as under:
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051
BSE Limited, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy T owers, Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001.
CONNECTIVITY WITH DEPOSITORIES 
The Company’s shares are in dematerialized mode through the National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central 
Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL).
STOCK CODE/SCRIP CODE
BSE - 543223
NSE - MAXIND
Demat ISIN No. for NSDL and CDSL - INE0CG601016
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
[[PAGE 106]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 101 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
SHARE PRICE DATA - MONTHLY HIGH AND LOW QUOTATION ON NSE AND BSE 
Month NSE BSE
High (Rs.) Low (Rs.) High (Rs.) Low (Rs.)
Apr-24 272.10 200.00 271.75 195.35
May-24 283.40 240.95 283.65 240.50
Jun-24 317.20 244.95 317.00 249.00
Jul-24 338.00 284.05 337.60 289.75
Aug-24 326.85 243.50 326.95 243.80
Sep-24 270.00 233.00 274.00 230.40
Oct-24 278.00 233.65 277.00 233.70
Nov-24 284.95 230.85 281.90 229.45
Dec-24 320.69 241.28 329.95 242.00
Jan-25 282.95 239.60 284.00 232.45
Feb-25 264.00 191.00 263.90 189.55
Mar-25 202.00 169.00 201.85 170.00
PERFORMANCE OF SHARE PRICE OF THE COMPANY IN COMPARISON TO BSE SENSEX
SHAREHOLDING PATTERN AS ON MARCH 31, 2025
Category No. of shares held % of shareholding
Promoters & Promoter Group 2,19,91,013* 50.45*
Non-Promoters
Mutual Funds & Alternate Investment Funds 3,50,848 0.80
Banks & NBFCs 1,085 0.00
Foreign Portfolio Investors 2892061 6.63
Bodies Corporate 11,63,812 2.67
Non-resident Indians 12,47,016 2.86
Clearing Members 42,571 0.10
Foreign Nationals & Foreign Companies 343 0.00
Directors/ Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives 4,21,183 0.97
Resident Individuals 1,52,20,477 34.92
T rusts 210 0.00
Max India Limited - Unclaimed Share Demat Suspense Account 2,58,714 0.59
T otal 4,35,89,333 100.00%
*The Company has received a request for re-classification from Ms. Neelu Analjit Singh and an application for re-classification of 
her status from Promoter to Public Category has been filed with stock exchanges on April 16, 2025.
[[PAGE 107]]
102 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDING AS ON MARCH 31, 2025
Shareholding No. of 
Shareholders
Percentage to total No. of shares Percentage to total
1 to 5000 36749 92.06 28,02,371 6.43
5001 to 10000 1480 3.71 11,25,224 2.58
10001 to 20000 741 1.86 10,83,216 2.49
20001 to 30000 292 0.73 7,35,396 1.69
30001 to 40000 139 0.35 4,95,913 1.14
40001 to 50000 123 0.31 5,74,621 1.32
50001 to 100000 192 0.48 13,98,593 3.21
100001 and above 202 0.51 3,53,73,999 81.15
T otal 39,918 100.00 4,35,89,333 100.00
DEMATERIALISATION STATUS AS ON MARCH 31, 2025
The entire shareholding of the Company, i.e., 4,35,89,333 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each was held in dematerialised form as on 
March 31, 2025. 
RECONCILIATION OF SHARE CAPITAL AUDIT
As stipulated by the Regulation 76 of SEBI (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018, a firm of practicing Company Secretary 
carries out the Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit, on a quarterly basis, to reconcile the total admitted capital with National 
Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) with the total listed and paid-up 
capital. The audit report, inter-alia, confirms that the total listed and paid-up capital of the Company is in agreement with the total 
number of shares in dematerialized form.
FOR SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING SHARES IN DEMATERIALISED MODE
The entire share capital of the Company is in demat mode. Therefore, shareholders are requested to intimate all changes with respect 
to bank details, mandate, nomination, power of attorney, change of address, change of name etc, to their depository participant (DP). 
These changes will be reflected in the Company’s records on the downloading of information from Depositories, which will help the 
Company provide better service to its shareholders. 
SHARE TRANSFER SYSTEM
The entire share capital of the Company is held in demat form. The transfer of Equity Shares in dematerialized form are done 
through depositories with no involvement of the Company.
In terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, securities of listed companies can only be 
transferred in dematerialized form including where the claim is lodged for transmission or transposition of shares.
Shares transferred to Max India Limited - Unclaimed Share Demat Suspense Account (“Demat Suspense Account”) can be claimed 
from the Company in demat form only. All such shareholders whose shares are lying in Demat Suspense Account are requested 
to approach the Registrar and Share T ransfer Agent (RTA) of the Company to know the procedure of claiming such shares by 
forwarding a request letter duly signed by all them along with their complete postal address along with PIN code, a copy of PAN 
card & proof of address. 
OUTSTANDING GDRS/ ADRS/WARRANTS OR ANY CONVERTIBLE INSTRUMENTS, CONVERSION DATE AND LIKELY 
IMPACT ON EQUITY: 
As at March 31, 2025, the Company did not have any outstanding GDRs/ ADRs/ Warrants or any convertible instruments.
[[PAGE 108]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 103 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
LIST OF ALL CREDIT RATINGS OBTAINED BY THE ENTITY ALONG WITH ANY REVISIONS THERETO DURING THE RELEVANT 
FINANCIAL YEAR, FOR ALL DEBT INSTRUMENTS OF SUCH ENTITY OR ANY FIXED DEPOSIT PROGRAMME OR ANY 
SCHEME OR PROPOSAL OF THE LISTED ENTITY INVOLVING MOBILIZATION OF FUNDS, WHETHER IN INDIA OR ABROAD 
Not Applicable 
COMMODITY PRICE RISKS AND COMMODITY HEDGING ACTIVITIES 
The Company does not deal in Commodity Activities. The Commodity price risks and commodity hedging activities are not 
applicable to the Company.
PLANT LOCATIONS
Not Applicable 
COMMUNICATION OF FINANCIAL RESULTS
The unaudited quarterly financial results and the audited annual accounts are generally published in the Mint/ Business Standard or 
Financial Express (English) and Navshakti/ Navakal (Marathi) newspapers. The financial results, press releases and presentations, 
if any, are communicated to the NSE and BSE and are also displayed on the Company’s website.
ADDRESS FOR CORRESPONDENCE WITH THE COMPANY
Investors and shareholders can correspond with the office of the Registrar and Share T ransfer Agent of the Company or the 
Corporate Office of the Company at the following addresses:
Mas Services Limited (Registrar & Share Transfer Agent) 
T-34 ,2nd Floor, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – II New Delhi – 110 020
Contact Persons
Mr. Sharwan Mangla
T el No.:-011-26387281/82/83 
e-mail: investor@masserv.com 
Max India Limited 
Secretarial Department
Landmark House, 3rd Floor, Plot No- 65, Sector- 44, Gurugram, Haryana- 122003
T el. No.: +91 124 6984444 
e-mail: corpsecretarial@maxindia.com
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Ms. T rapti
T el. No.:- +91 124 6984444
e-mail:- corpsecretarial@maxindia.com
Please visit us at https:/ /www.maxindia.com for financial and other information about the Company.
[[PAGE 109]]
104 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC 
REVIEW

[[PAGE 110]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 105 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC 
REVIEW
BOARD’S 
REPORT

[[PAGE 111]]
106 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Dear Members,
Y our directors have the pleasure of presenting the 6th Annual Report of Max India Limited (‘the Company’) along with the Audited 
Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
The highlights of the Standalone and Consolidated financial performance of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 
2025, is summarized below:
(` in Crore)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
FY 2025 FY 2024 FY 2025 FY 2024
Revenue from operations 19.13 31.2 145.49 175.6
Other income 1.66 1.0 18.68 19.1
T otal income 20.79 32.2 164.17 194.7
Expenses
Employee benefits expense 12.23 12.6 96.57 78.2
Cost of raw material and components 
consumed
- - 43.28 13.2
(Increase)/ decrease in inventories of finished goods and 
work in progress
- - (10.56) 45.0
Other expenses 9.49 14.6 134.73 93.6
T otal expenses 21.72 27. 2 264.02 230.0
EBITDA (0.93) 5.0 (99.85) (35.3)
Depreciation and amortisation expense 2.78 2.7 18.82 10.2
Finance costs 0.80 0.6 8.06 4.6
Profit/(Loss) before exceptional item, the share of loss 
in joint ventures, and tax
(4.51) 1.7 (126.73) (50.1)
Share of profit/(loss) of joint ventures - - 0.75 1.1
Exceptional income/ expense 0.05 (0.1) (12.60) 0.0
Profit/(Loss) before tax (4.46) 1.6 (138.58) (49.0)
T ax expense/(credit) (0.31) 0.4 1.81 7.4
Profit/(Loss) after tax (4.15) 1.2 (140.39) (56.4)
Other comprehensive income 0.12 (0.1) 1.21 (0.2)
T otal comprehensive income/(Loss) (4.03) 1.1 (139.18) (56.6)
BOARD’S REPORT
In accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act ”) and 
Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), 
the audited consolidated financial statements are provided 
as part of this Annual Report and shall also be laid before 
the shareholders at ensuing Annual General Meeting of 
the Company. Both standalone and consolidated financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with the Indian 
Accounting Standards (IND AS) notified under the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards), Rules, 2015.
TRANSFER TO GENERAL RESERVES 
The Company has not transferred any amount to general 
reserves for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. 
DIVIDEND 
Considering the losses and business plans of the Company, 
the Board of Directors did not recommend any dividend for FY 
2024-25, on the Equity Share Capital of the Company. 
The Company had voluntarily adopted the Dividend 
Distribution Policy, in terms of regulation 43A of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations and the same can be accessed at 
https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ corporate-policies 
OPERATIONS AND BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
Kindly refer to the Management Discussion & Analysis which 
forms part of this report.
[[PAGE 112]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 107 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
BUSINESS OPERATIONS
Y our Company is primarily engaged in the business of making 
and holding investments in various subsidiaries and Joint 
Venture Companies and growing and nurturing these business 
investments and providing shared services to various group 
Companies. There has been no change in the nature of business 
of the Company during the year under review.
The substantial source of income of the Company for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025 inter-alia comprised of 
T reasury Income, Income from shared services, and Rental 
income from leasing out of space owned by the Company. 
SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
As on March 31, 2025, your Company has six Subsidiary 
Companies and one Joint Venture Company as detailed below:
SUBSIDIARIES
a) Antara Senior Living Limited (“ASLL”), a wholly owned 
subsidiary company, is inter-alia engaged in the business 
of developing vibrant residential communities for seniors 
that offer “Lifestyle with Lifecare”.
b) Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited (“APSLL”), a wholly 
owned subsidiary of ASLL, is inter-alia engaged in the 
business of owning, developing, operating and establishing 
vibrant residential senior living communities that offer 
“Lifestyle with Lifecare”.
c) Antara Assisted Care Services Limited (“AACSL”), a 
wholly owned subsidiary company, is inter-alia engaged 
in the business of creating care homes and memory care 
homes to address the need for assistance for daily living/
specialized care/ memory care in seniors and also to 
provide same care services at home based on customer 
needs and preferences. AACSL also provides MedCare 
and Antara AGEasy Products.
d) Max Skill First Limited (“Max Skill”), a wholly owned 
subsidiary company, has not been engaged in any business 
activity.
e) Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited (formerly known 
as Max Ateev Limited (“ABSLL”)), a wholly owned 
subsidiary ASLL, has not been engaged in any business 
activity.
f) Max UK Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary company 
is engaged in the business of providing business and 
administrative support services to various group 
companies of the Company, being the parent company, at 
United Kingdom.
JOINT VENTURES
Contend Builders Private Limited (held through ASLL) is 
primarily engaged in the development of Senior Living 
community in Noida.
The performance and financial position of Subsidiaries and Joint 
Ventures and the contribution made by these entities, included 
in the consolidated financial statements, and also presented in 
Form AOC–1 is attached to this report as ‘Annexure-1’. 
Further, a detailed update on the business operations of the 
Company’s key operating subsidiaries is furnished as part of 
the Management Discussion & Analysis section which forms 
part of this Report. 
As provided in Section 136 of the Act, the financial statements 
and other documents of the subsidiary companies are not 
attached with the financial statements of the Company. 
The complete set of financial statements including financial 
statements of the subsidiary companies is available on our 
https:/ /www.maxindia.com/financialreports 
MATERIAL UNLISTED SUBSIDIARY
In terms of the provisions of SEBI Listing Regulations, your 
Company has a policy for determining ‘ Material Subsidiary’ 
and the said policy is available on the Company’s website at  
https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ static/uploads/ corporatepolicy/
pdfcea6020a39f60d1567f18ee49e0e387f.pdf 
During the FY 2024-25, your Company had three material 
subsidiaries, viz., Antara Senior Living Limited, Antara Purukul 
Senior Living Limited and Antara Assisted Care Services Limited.
SHARE CAPITAL
AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL
During FY 2024-25, there was no change in the Authorised 
Share Capital of the Company. Authorized Share Capital of 
the Company as on March 31, 2025, was Rs. 60,05,00,000 
comprising of 6,00,50,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each.
Post closure of the financial year the Board of Directors of the 
company approved the allotment of 82,81,973 equity share 
of face values of Rs. 10/- each on Rights basis to be eligible 
shareholders at an issue price of Rs. 150/- per Equity Share 
(including a premium of Rs. 140/- per Equity Share), May 23, 
2025. The post issue paid up share capital of the Company 
stood at 51,87,13,060 consisting of 5,18,71,306 equity shares as 
on date of this Annual Report.
ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID-UP SHARE CAPITAL
During FY 2024-25, the Company has alloted 4,18,565 equity 
shares to eligible option holders upon exercise of options 
granted to them under ‘ Max India Limited - Employee Stock 
Option Plan 2020’. Consequent to the aforesaid allotment, the 
[[PAGE 113]]
108 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
issued, subscribed and paid up capital as on March 31, 2025, 
stood at Rs. 43,58,93,330 comprising of 4,35,89,333 equity 
shares of Rs. 10 each. 
EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN
Y our Company grants share based benefits to eligible 
employees with a view to attract and retain talent, align 
individual performance with the Company objectives and 
promote increased participation by them in the growth of the 
Company.
Y our Company has an employee stock option plan viz. ‘ Max 
India Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan 2020’ (‘the ESOP 
Plan’) which was approved by shareholders of the Company on 
December 28, 2020.
The total number of stock options that can be granted pursuant 
to the ESOP Plan are 26,89,313 stock options to or for the benefit 
of such person(s) who are the employees of the Company / 
Subsidiary Companies. The ESOP Plan is administered by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee constituted by the 
Board of Directors of the Company. 
There is no change in the ESOP plan during the FY 2024-25. 
The ESOP plan is in compliance with the SEBI ( Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021. 
During FY 2024-25, the Company has granted 59,228 stock 
options to the eligible employees of the Company and its 
subsidiary companies. Eight option holders exercised their 
options during the year under review and were allotted 4,18,565 
at exercise prices of as tabled below.
Sr. No. No of Shares Share Price
1 2,73,856 65.23
2 99,330 64.43
3 41,000 76.60
4 4,379 103.65
T otal 4,18,565
Further, the Company has cancelled and forfeited the 83,034 
stock options issued to the employees of the Company/ 
subsidiary of the Company due to the cessation of employment. 
Such cancelled options were made available for future 
grants under the ESOP plan of the Company. The applicable 
disclosures as stipulated under SEBI (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 with regard 
to ESOP Plan of the Company are available at the website of 
the Company at https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ static/uploads/
financials/ max-india-esop-plan-2020.pdf 
The Company has obtained a certificate from the Secretarial 
Auditors of the Company confirming that the ESOP Plan has 
been implemented in accordance with the SEBI (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 and 
resolutions passed by the Shareholders of the Company. The 
said certificate will be made available for inspection during the 
AGM to any person having right to attend the meeting.
DIRECTORS & KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL(S)
As of the date of this report, the Board of Directors of the 
Company comprises of Nine Board members including One 
Executive Director and Eight Non-Executive Directors out of 
which Five are Independent. Mr. Analjit Singh, Chairman of the 
Company is a Non-Executive and Non-Independent Promoter 
Director. 
During the FY 2024-25, Mr. Pradeep Pant and Ms. Sharmila 
T agore, Independent Directors of the Company were re-appointed 
as Independent Directors for the second term effective from 
June 1, 2025. 
In terms of Section 152 of the Act and the Articles of Association 
of the Company, Mr. Mohit T alwar is liable to retire by rotation 
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. He has offered himself 
for re-appointment at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. 
In terms of the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 and 203 read 
with Schedule V and all other applicable provisions, if any of the 
Companies Act, 2013 ( the ‘Act’) the term of Mr. Rajit Mehta, 
Managing Director of the Company will expire on January 14, 2026. 
Basis the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration 
committee the Board has approved the re-appointment of Mr. 
Rajit Mehta as Managing Director of the Company for a period 
of 5 effective from January 15, 2026 to January 14, 2031.
Further, the Board of Directors of the Company had  
re-appointed Mr. Niten Malhan as Non-Executive Independent 
Director of the Company for the second term effective from 
February 1, 2026 upto January 31, 2031 (both days inclusive).
The brief profiles of Mr. Rajit Mehta, Mr. Niten Malhan and Mr. 
Mohit T alwar are given in the Annual Report.
The Board met four times during the financial year 2024-25. 
The details of the attendance of the Directors are as under:
S. No. Date Board 
Strength
No. of 
Directors 
Present
1 May 24, 2024 9 7
2 August 14, 2024 9 9
3 October 24, 2024 9 9
4 February 6, 2025 9 8
The details regarding the number of meetings attended by each 
Director for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 have been 
furnished in the Corporate Governance Report attached as part 
of this Annual Report. 
[[PAGE 114]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 109 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
As of the date of this Report, Mr. Rajit Mehta, Managing Director, 
Mr. Sandeep Pathak, Chief Financial Officer and Head-Legal 
and Ms. T rapti, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer are 
the Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company. 
STATEMENT OF DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTORS
In terms of Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16 & 25 
of SEBI Regulations, the following five Non- Executive Directors 
are categorized as Independent Directors of the Company: 
a)  Ms. Sharmila T agore (DIN: 00244638);
b)  Mr. Pradeep Pant (DIN: 00677064);
c)  Mr. Niten Malhan (DIN: 00614624);
d)  Dr. Ajit Singh (DIN: 02525853); and 
e)  Mr. Rohit Kapoor (DIN:06529360).
The Company have received requisite declaration of 
independence from all the above-mentioned Independent 
Directors in terms of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations, 
confirming that they continue to meet the criteria of 
independence and that of their registration with the Indian 
Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA) database.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
As of March 31, 2025, the Company has four Board-level 
Committees, which have been established in compliance with 
the requirements of the business and relevant provisions of 
applicable laws and statutes:
1.  Audit Committee;
2.  Nomination and Remuneration Committee;
3.  Stakeholders Relationship Committee; and
4.  Strategy and Investment Committee; 
A detailed note on the composition of the Board and its 
Committees, governance of committees including its terms of 
reference, number of committee meetings held during the FY 
2024-25 and attendance of the members, is provided in the 
Report of Corporate Governance forming part of this Integrated 
Annual Report. 
During FY 2024-25, all the recommendations made by Board 
committees were accepted by the Board.
PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF THE BOARD
As per the requirements of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations, 
a formal Annual Evaluation process has been carried out for 
evaluating the performance of the Board, the Committees of the 
Board, and the Individual Directors including the Chairperson. 
The Board of Directors has evaluated the performance of 
Independent Directors during the year 2024-25 and opined that 
the integrity, expertise and experience (including proficiency) 
of the Independent Directors are satisfactory.
The performance evaluation was carried out by obtaining 
feedback from all Directors through an online survey mechanism 
through Diligent Boards, a secured electronic medium through 
which the Company interfaces with its Directors. The directors 
were also provided an option to participate through physical 
mode. The outcome of this performance evaluation was placed 
before the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
Independent Directors’ Committee and the Board meeting for 
the consideration of the members. 
The review concluded by affirming that the Board as a whole 
as well as its Chairman, all of its members, individually, and the 
Committees of the Board continued to display a commitment 
to good governance by ensuring a constant improvement of 
processes and procedures and contributed their best in the 
overall growth of the organization. 
HUMAN RESOURCES
Y our Company is primarily engaged in growing and nurturing 
business investment as a holding company and providing 
management advisory services to group Companies. The 
remuneration of employees is competitive with the market and 
rewards high performers across levels. The remuneration to 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management 
is a balance between fixed, incentive pay, and a long-
term equity program based on the performance objectives 
appropriate to the working of the Company and its goals and 
is reviewed periodically and approved by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Board. 
Details pursuant to Section 197 (12) of the Act read with the 
Rule 5(1) and Rule 5(2) of Companies ( Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 are 
attached as ‘Annexure- 2’ and ‘Annexure-3’ to this report. 
As on March 31, 2025, there were 19 employees on the rolls of 
the Company.
NOMINATION & REMUNERATION POLICY
In adherence to the provisions of Section 134 (3)(e) and 178 
(1) & (3) of the Act, the Board of Directors had approved 
a policy on the Director’s appointment and remuneration. 
The said policy includes terms of appointment, criteria 
for determining qualifications, performance evaluation of 
Directors and other matters. A copy of the same is available at  
https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ corporate-policies 
LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES 
The details of loans given, and investments made by the 
[[PAGE 115]]
110 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
company pursuant to the provisions of Section 186 of the 
Act, are provided in Note no 41, to the standalone financial 
statements of the Company.
The details of the corporate guarantee are provided in note no. 
29(B) to the standalone financial statements of the Company. 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
In terms of Regulation 34 of SEBI Listing Regulations, a review of 
the performance of the Company, including those of operating 
subsidiary Companies, is provided in the Management Discussion 
& Analysis section, which forms part of this Annual Report.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company has complied with all the mandatory 
requirements of Corporate Governance applicable on it 
specified by the Securities and Exchange Board of India through 
Part C of Schedule V of SEBI Listing Regulations. As required by 
the said Clause, a separate report on Corporate Governance 
forms part of the Annual Report of the Company.
A certificate from M/s Sanjay Grover & Associates, Practicing 
Company Secretaries regarding compliance with the conditions 
of Corporate Governance pursuant to Part E of Schedule 
V of SEBI Listing Regulations, is Annexed to the Corporate 
Governance reports forms part of this Annual Report. Further, 
a certificate from the Managing Director and Chief Financial 
Officer on compliance of Part B of Schedule II of SEBI Listing 
Regulations, forms part of the Corporate Governance Report. 
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORT
In terms of the provisions of SEBI Listing Regulations, as 
amended from time to time, the requirement of submission 
of the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report is not 
applicable on the Company. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS AND AUDITORS’ REPORT 
Pursuant to Sections 139 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Act, M/s. Ravi Rajan & Co., LLP, Chartered Accountants, 
were appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company for 
a second tenure of five years at the AGM held on August 25, 
2022, to hold the office till the conclusion of the 8th AGM of the 
Company to be held in the year 2027. 
There are no audit qualifications, reservations, disclaimers or 
adverse remarks or reporting of fraud in the Statutory Auditors 
Report given by M/ s Ravi Rajan & Co., LLP, Statutory Auditors of 
the Company for the financial year 2024-25 which is annexed 
in this Annual Report.
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS AND SECRETARIAL AUDIT 
REPORT
Pursuant to Section 204 of the Act, the Company re-appointed 
M/s Sanjay Grover & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries, New Delhi as its Secretarial Auditors to conduct 
the Secretarial Audit of the Company for the FY 2024-25. The 
Company provided all assistance and facilities to the secretarial 
auditors for conducting the audit. The Report of Secretarial 
Auditor for the Financial Y ear ended March 31, 2025 is annexed 
to this report as ‘Annexure-4’.
Further, pursuant to Regulation 24A of SEBI Listing Regulations, 
as amended, the Company is required to appoint the Secretarial 
Auditor of the Company in ensuing Annual General Meeting. 
The Board of Directors of the Company has recommended to 
appoint M/s Sanjay Grover & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries, New Delhi as its Secretarial Auditors to conduct 
the Secretarial Audit of the Company for 5 financial years i.e. 
from FY 2025-26 to 2029-30.
There are no audit qualifications, reservations, or any adverse 
remark in the said Secretarial Audit Report for FY 2024-25. 
The Annual Secretarial Compliance Report of the Company 
pursuant to Regulation 24A of SEBI Listing Regulations, 
read with SEBI Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD1/27 /2019 
dated February 08, 2019, is uploaded on the website of the 
Company at https:/ /www.maxindia.com/investorrelations/
annualSecretarialComplianceReport
Pursuant to the requirements of Regulation 24A of SEBI 
Listing Regulations, the Secretarial Audit Reports of material 
subsidiaries Companies namely, Antara Senior Living Limited, 
Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited and Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited are enclosed as ‘Annexure - 5, 6 and 7’.
INTERNAL AUDITORS 
The Company follows a robust Internal Audit process and 
audits are conducted on a regular basis, throughout the year, as 
per the agreed audit plan. During the year under review, M/s. 
MGC Global Risk Advisory LLP were re-appointed as Internal 
Auditors for conducting the Internal Audit of key functions and 
assessment of Internal Financial Controls etc. 
There are no fraud reported by the Internal Auditors in 
their report.
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
The Company has in place adequate internal financial controls. 
During the year, such controls were tested and no reportable 
material weaknesses in the design or operation were observed. 
The Management has reviewed the existence of various risk-
based controls in the Company and also tested the key controls 
[[PAGE 116]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 111 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
towards assurance for compliance for the present fiscal.
In the opinion of the Board, the existing internal control 
framework is adequate and commensurate with the size and 
nature of the business of the Company. Further, the testing of the 
adequacy of internal financial controls over financial reporting 
has also been carried out independently by the Statutory 
Auditors as mandated under the provisions of the Act.
There were no instances of fraud reported by the auditors to 
the Audit Committee or the Board of Directors for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2025.
RISK MANAGEMENT
Y our Company considers that risk is an integral part of the 
businesses carried by it through its subsidiary companies and 
therefore, proper steps have always been taken to manage 
all risks in a proactive and efficient manner. The Board from 
time to time identifies the risks impacting the business and 
formulates strategies/policies aimed at risk mitigation as 
part of risk management. Further, a core team comprising 
of senior management employees of operational subsidiary 
Companies has also been formed to identify and assess key 
risks, risk appetite, tolerance levels and formulate strategies for 
the mitigation of risks identified in consultation with process 
owners.
All operating subsidiary companies maintain their separate 
“Risk Registers” which is a framework used to identify and 
assess key risks, risk probability, risk impact and strategies 
for mitigation of such risks in consultation with process 
owners. These Risk Registers are regularly placed before the 
Board of these companies for providing comprehensive status 
and potential impact of such risks on the operations of such 
companies.
There are no risks which, in the opinion of the Board, threaten 
the very existence of your Company. However, some of the 
challenges/risks faced by key operating Subsidiary Companies 
have been set out with in detail in the Management Discussion 
and Analysis section forming part of this Annual Report.
VIGIL MECHANISM 
The Company has a vigil mechanism pursuant to which a 
Whistle Blower Policy has been adopted and is in place. The 
Policy ensures that strict confidentiality is maintained whilst 
dealing with concerns raised and also that no discrimination 
will be meted out to any person for a genuinely raised concern 
in respect of any unethical and improper practices, fraud or 
violation of Company’s Code of Conduct.
The said Policy covers all employees, Directors and 
other persons having association with the Company. 
The policy is hosted on the Company’s website at  
https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ static/uploads/ corporatepolicy/
whistle-blower-policy.pdf 
A brief note on Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy is also 
provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms 
part of this Annual Report.
CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED 
PARTIES 
All transactions entered by the Company during the financial 
year with related parties were in the ordinary course of 
business and on an arm’s length basis which does not fall under 
the scope of Section 188(1) of the Act. 
There is no material contract or arrangement as such entered by 
the Company, in terms of the Act. Accordingly, the disclosure 
of related party transactions as required under Section 134(3)
(h) of the Act, in Form AOC-2 is not applicable to the Company 
for FY 2024-25 and hence does not form part of this report. 
However, approvals for the material related party transaction(s) 
between the Company and Max T owers Private Limited and 
between Antara Senior Living Limited, a material subsidiary of 
the Company and its related parties viz. Max Estates Gurugram 
Limited and Contend Builders Private Limited for their usual 
business transactions were received from the shareholders 
through Postal Ballot in compliance with the SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
The details of all the Related Party T ransactions between the 
Company and its Related Parties form part of Note No. 36 to the 
standalone financial statements attached to this Annual Report. 
The Policy on the materiality of related party transactions 
and dealing with related party transactions as approved by 
the Board may be accessed on the Company’s website at 
https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ static/uploads/ corporatepolicy/
policy-on-determination-of-materiality-for-disclosures.pdf
PARTICULARS OF CONSERVATION OF ENERGY , 
TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
EARNINGS & OUTGO 
The information on the conservation of energy, technology 
absorption and foreign exchange earnings & outgo as stipulated 
under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act, read with Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014 is as follows:
a. Conservation of Energy
(i) The Company took following steps for conservation of 
energy: 
[[PAGE 117]]
112 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
1. Routine maintenance of all electrical appliances 
is conducted to ensure no wastage of energy.
2. Replacement of electric items with energy 
efficient appliances ( example – LEDs, energy 
efficient appliances / Equipment etc.).
3. Lighting control – Ensuring the electric appliances 
(fans, LEDs etc.) are turned off in un-occupied 
rooms or areas and using daylight as much as 
possible during the daytime.
(ii) the steps taken by the Company for using alternate 
sources of energy: Since the Company is not an 
energy intensive unit, utilization of alternate source of 
energy may not be feasible.
(iii) Capital investment on energy conservation 
equipment: Nil
b. T echnology Absorption
 Y our Company is not engaged in manufacturing activities, 
therefore there is no specific information to be furnished in 
this regard.
 There  was no expenditure incurred on Research and 
Development for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
c. Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
  The foreign exchange earnings and outgo are given below:
T otal Foreign Exchange earned Nil
T otal Foreign Exchange used Rs. 3.88 Crores
ANNUAL RETURN
The Annual Return as on March 31, 2025 pursuant to Section 
92 of the Act read with Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, is available on the website of the 
Company at https:/ /www.maxindia.com/financialreports 
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Pursuant to the requirement under Section 134(5) of the Act, it 
is hereby confirmed that: 
a. In the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable 
accounting standards had been followed along with proper 
explanation relating to material departures, if any;
b. The Directors had selected such accounting policies 
and applied them consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give 
a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company 
at the end of the financial year and of the profit of the 
Company for that period; 
c. The Directors had taken proper and sufficient care for the 
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act, for safeguarding the assets 
of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud 
and other irregularities; 
d. The Directors had prepared the annual accounts on a 
going concern basis; 
e. The Directors had laid down internal financial controls to be 
followed by the Company and that such internal financial 
controls are adequate and were operating effectively; and 
f. The Directors had devised proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and 
that such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE 
REGULATORS OR COURTS OR TRIBUNALS 
During the year under review, there were no such significant 
and material orders passed by the regulators or courts or 
tribunals which could impact the going concern status and 
company’s operations in the future. 
UNCLAIMED SHARES 
The details of unclaimed shares form part of the Corporate 
Governance Report of the Company.
TRANSFER TO INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION 
FUND
The Company was not required to transfer any funds to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2025.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)
A copy of CSR policy approved by the Board of Director of the 
Company in accordance with the provisions of Section 135 of 
the Act, read with Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy) Rules, 2014 is available on the website of the Company at 
https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ static/uploads/ corporatepolicy/
pdf0cb5fc04b7aa7ae9d442235a15a34c86.pdf. The CSR 
Policy comprises a Vision and Mission Statement, philosophy, 
and objectives. It also explains the governance structure along 
with clarity on roles and responsibilities. The Annual Report on 
the CSR Activities of the Company for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2025 is enclosed as ‘Annexure-8’.
DISCLOSURE ABOUT THE RECEIPT OF THE COMMISSION 
In terms of Section 197(14) of the Act and rules made there 
under, no director has received any commission from the 
[[PAGE 118]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 113 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
company or its subsidiary company, thus the said provision 
is not applicable on the Company for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2025.
However, during the year under review, Ms. Ta r a Singh 
Vachani, Vice Chairperson & Non-Executive Director and Mr. 
Rajit Mehta, Managing Director of the Company, received 
remuneration from Antara Senior Living Limited ( ASLL), a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in their capacity 
of Executive Chairperson and Managing Director & CEO, 
respectively of ASLL, in compliance with applicable provisions 
of the Act. 
PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT 
THE WORKPLACE 
The Company has a requisite policy for the Prevention of 
Sexual Harassment, which is available on the website of the 
Company at https:/ /www.maxindia.com/ static/uploads/
corporatepolicy/whistle-blower-policy.pdf. The comprehensive 
policy ensures gender equality and the right to work with 
dignity. The company has complied with the provisions relating 
to the constitution of the Internal Complaints Committee 
(ICC) under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. 
No case was reported to the Committee for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2025. 
OTHER DISCLOSURES
a) The Company has not accepted any deposits from the 
public and as such, no amount on account of principal or 
interest on public deposits was outstanding as on the date 
of the balance sheet. 
b) The  Company has not issued shares with differential 
voting rights and sweat equity shares during the year 
under review.
c) The Company has complied with the applicable Secretarial 
Standards relating to ‘Meetings of the Board of Directors’ 
and ‘General Meetings’ during the year. 
d) Maintenance of cost records and requirement of cost 
Audit as prescribed under the provisions of Section 148(1) 
of the Act, are not applicable to the business activities 
carried out by the Company. 
e) T o the best of our knowledge and belief, there are no 
proceedings initiated/pending against the company under 
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 which can have 
a material impact on the business of the Company. 
f) There were no instances where your Company required 
the valuation for one time settlement or while taking the 
loan from the Banks or Financial institutions.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 
The Company’s organizational culture upholds professionalism, 
integrity and continuous improvement across all functions, 
as well as efficient utilization of the Company’s resources for 
sustainable and profitable growth.
Y our Directors would like to place on record their appreciation 
of the contribution made by its management and its employees. 
Directors also acknowledge with thanks the cooperation 
and assistance received from various agencies of the Central 
and State Governments, Financial Institutions and Banks, 
Shareholders, Joint Venture partners, and all other business 
associates and look forward to their continued support in the 
future.
On behalf of the Board of Directors
Max India Limited
Place: New Delhi
Date: May 30, 2025
-Sd/-
Analjit Singh
Chairman
(DIN:00029641)
[[PAGE 119]]
114 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW Annexure -1
FORM AOC-1
(PURSUANT TO FIRST PROVISO TO SUB SECTION (3) OF SECTION 129 READ WITH RULE 5 OF COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES, 2014)
STATEMENT CONTAINING SALIENT FEATURES OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES/ ASSOCIATE COMPANIES/JOINT VENTURES 
PART “A” - SUBSIDIARIES
(Amt in Rs. Lakhs)
Sl. 
No. 
Name of Subsidiary Company Date of Acquisition 
of Control/ Date of 
Incorporation
Reporting 
period 
for the 
subsidiary 
concerned, 
if different 
from the 
holding 
company’s 
reporting 
period
Reporting 
Currency and 
Exchange rate 
as on the last 
date of relevant 
financial year 
in the case of 
foreign subsid-
iaries
Share 
Capital 
Reserves & 
Surplus
T otal 
Assets
T otal Liabil-
ities
Invest-
ments 
(excluding 
invest-
ments 
made in 
subsidiar-
ies)
Turnover/
T otal 
income
Profit 
before 
taxation 
Provision 
for taxation
Profit after 
taxation 
Proposed 
Dividend 
% of Share-
holding
1 Antara Senior Living Ltd. May 06, 2011 NA NA 55,836.42 (32,144.50) 31,034.90 7,342.98 310.03 2,230.54 (1696.20) - (1,696.20) - 100.00%
2 Antara Purukul Senior Living Ltd.* June 21, 1995 NA NA 30,690.71 (22,340.97) 18,544.23 10,194.49 887.69 4,440.83 1042.45 211.96 830.49 - 100.00%
3 Antara Assisted Care Services Ltd. November 5, 2012 NA NA 34,000.00 (25,386.76) 20,725.92 12,112.68 - 6,248.07 (12,776.04) - (12,776.04) - 100.00%
4 Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited 
(formerly known as Max Ateev Limited) .^
August 4, 1994 NA NA 4,039.36 (3,930.93) 109.08 0.65 107.25 7.94 4.01 - 4.01 - 100.00%
5 Max Skill First Ltd. ^ March 4, 2003 NA NA 969.50 (2,345.19) 43.72 1,419.41 17.23 1.46 (1.90) - (1.90) - 100.00%
6 Max UK Ltd. September 3, 1998 NA 1GBP=
Rs.110.74
213.00 (178.11) 61.65 26.76 - 88.59 (54.72) - (54.72) - 100.00%
*Step down subsidiary through Antara Senior Living Ltd .
#The entity was held directly by the Max India Limited until May 31, 2024. Effective from June 1, 2024, it is held through Antara Senior Living Limited.
^ The entities have no revenue from operations; accordingly, the reported turnover comprises entirely of other income.
PART “B” - ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
(Amt in Rs. Lakhs)
 Name of Associates/Joint Ventures Contend Builders Private 
Limited
(1)  Latest audited Balance Sheet date 31-Mar-25
(2)  Shares of Associates/Joint Ventures held by the company on the year end 62.50%
No. of Shares 1
Amount of Investment in Associates/Joint Ventures 1248.04
Extent of Holding % 62.50%
(3)  Description of how there is significant influence Voting Power
(4)  Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated NA
(5)  Net worth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet 221.44
(6)  Profit/Loss for the year 120.79
i. Considered in Consolidation 75.49
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation 45.30
1.  Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations N.A.
2.  Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year N.A.
For Max India Limited
Rajit Mehta
(Managing Director)
DIN No - 01604819
Place: New Delhi
Sandeep Pathak
(Chief Financial Officer)
Place: Gurugram 
Date: May 30, 2025
Niten Malhan
(Director)
DIN No - 00614624
Place: London, UK 
Trapti
(Company Secretary)
Place: Gurugram
 
[[PAGE 120]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 115 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Annexure – 2
INFORMATION AS PER SECTION 197 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) 
RULES, 2014 AND FORMING PART OF THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
Sr. No. Name Age (Yrs.) Designation Nature of duties Remuneration 
(In Rs.)
Qualification Date of 
Commencement of 
employment
Experience 
(Yrs.)
Last Employment Held 
Organisation
Position held
A. Details of top ten employees in terms of remuneration drawn
1 Rajit Mehta 63 Managing Director General Management  7,39,80,297 Graduate in Commerce, Post 
Graduate in Human Resources, 
Advanced Management Program 
at INSEAD – France
15.01.2021 40 Max Healthcare Limited Managing Director & CEO*
2 Sandeep Pathak 45 CFO & Head - Legal Finance and Legal  1,47,67,008 B.Com (Hons), FCS, FCMA, 
ACA, LLB
01.06.2020 25 Max India Ltd (Formerly T aurus 
Ventures Ltd.)
CFO & Head-Legal
3 Simardeep Kaur 44 Chief Human Resources 
Officer
Human Capital  1,34,51,224 MBA in HR & Finance 01.04.2022 20 Max Financial Services Ltd General Manager - Human 
Capital
4 Dharmender Kumar 47 Director and Head - 
Group Corporate Affairs
Corporate Affairs  1,33,75,772 PGDPM & IR, BA (Pass) 01.06.2020 28 Max India Ltd (Formerly T aurus 
Ventures Ltd.)
 Head - Group External Relations
5 Pankaj Chawla 43 Company Secretary Company Secretary  55,06,212 B.Com (Hons), FCS, LLB, PGDBA 
(Finance) & ICWA Inter
01.06.2020 22 Max India Ltd (Formerly T aurus 
Ventures Ltd.)
Company Secretary
6 Rishabh Bhutani** 39 DGM – Legal Legal  36,94,916 LLB (Hons) 07.07. 2022 17 Honda Cars India Limited Leader - CS & Legal (General 
Affairs)
7 Shalu Batra 50 Senior Manager - Hu-
man Capital
Human Resources  35,12,250 BA, Diploma in Secretarial 
Practice
01.06.2020 31 Max India Ltd (Formerly T aurus 
Ventures Ltd.)
Senior Manager - Human 
Capital
8 Manas Kumar 38 Sr. Manager - Corporate 
Affairs
Corporate Affairs  27,58,890 B.SC, MBA in Marketing (Dist. 
Learning)
01.06.2020 18 Max India Ltd (Formerly T aurus 
Ventures Ltd.)
Sr. Manager – Corporate Affairs
9 Heena Garg 34 Manager – T axation T axation  23,66,912 B. Com. CA 08.08.2022 10 Price Waterhouse & Co LLP Assistant Manager- Corporate 
& International T axation
10 Arti Malik 51 Head - T ravel & Con-
cierge Services Office of 
Founder & Chairman 
Founder & Chairman 
Office
 21,43,402 Hons. Degree in English 
Literature
01.06.2020 30 Max India Ltd (Formerly T aurus 
Ventures Ltd.)
Head - T ravel & Concierge 
Services Office of Founder & 
Chairman 
 B. Other employees who were employed throughout the year and were in receipt of remuneration of Rs.102,00,000/- per annum or more – None 
 C. Other employees who were employed for a part of year and were in receipt of remuneration of Rs.8,50,000/- per month or more – None 
Notes: 
1  Remuneration includes salary, allowances, value of rent-free accommodation, bonus, perquisite value of ESOPs exercised, leave travel assistance, personal accident and health 
insurance, Company’s contribution to Provident, Pension, Gratuity and Superannuation fund, leave encashment and value of perquisites, as applicable. 
2  None of the above employees is a relative of any director of the Company.
3  All appointments are/were contractual in accordance with the terms and conditions as per Company Rules/Policies.
4  None of the above employees hold 2% or more equity shares of the Company, by himself/herself or along with his/her spouse and dependent children.
*Mr. Rajit Mehta is also the Managing Director and CEO of Antara Senior Living Limited.
** The last working day of Mr. Rishabh Bhutani was January 31, 2025.
For Max India Limited
 Analjit Singh
Chairman
DIN: 00029641
  
Place: New Delhi
Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 121]]
116 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
ANNEXURE – 3
INFORMATION REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
AND RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF 
MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014 AS AMENDED, IS APPENDED BELOW
(i) Percentage increase in the remuneration of Chairman, Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary in 
the FY 2024-25:
Sl. No. Name Designation % Increase in Remuneration in 
FY 2024-25 vs. FY 2023-24
1 Mr. Analjit Singh* Chairman -
2 Mr. Rajit Mehta** Managing Director (MD) 160.26%
3 Mr. Sandeep Pathak*** Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 33.03%
4 Mr. Pankaj Chawla**** Company Secretary (CS) (8.56) %
5 Ms. T rapti **** Company Secretary (CS) -
*Mr. Analjit Singh received gross compensation (other than sitting fees) of Rs.3 crore per annum during FY 2024-
25 and Rs.3.00 crore per annum during FY 2023-24, in accordance with the terms approved by the shareholders 
of the Company.
**Mr. Rajit Mehta received gross compensation (other than sitting fees) of Rs. 7.40 crore per annum during FY 
2024-25 and Rs. 2.84 crore per annum during FY 2023-24. The increase % in case of Managing Director is because 
he has exercised ESOPs & received higher variable pay in FY 2024-25 vis a vis FY 2023-24.
*** Mr. Sandeep Pathak received gross compensation of Rs. 1.48 crore per annum during FY 2024-25 and Rs. 1.11 
crore per annum during FY 2023-24. The positive % in case of Chief Financial Officer is because he has exercised 
ESOPs & received higher variable pay in FY 2024-25 vis a vis FY 2023-24.
**** Mr. Pankaj Chawla resigned as Company Secretary during the FY 2024-25 and Ms. T rapti was appointed as 
Company Secretary during the FY 2024-25.
Note: None of the Non-Executive Directors other than Mr. Analjit Singh had received any remuneration or compensation 
from the Company other than sitting fees for attending Board meetings and Committees meetings, during the year under 
review. Therefore, the above details have been computed only in respect of the directors/KMPs who received remuneration/
compensation from the Company.
(ii) The Median Remuneration of Employees excluding Managing Director & Chairman (MRE) was Rs. 12,87,238/- in FY 
2024-25 as against Rs. 21,70,081 /- in FY 2023-24. The increase in MRE in FY 2024-25 as compared to FY 2023-24 is 
around (41%).
(iii) The Ratio of Remuneration of Mr. Analjit Singh (Chairman of the Company) and Mr. Rajit Mehta (the only executive 
director as on March 31, 2025) to the MRE for FY 2024-25 is around 23.31:1 & 57.47:1 respectively.
(iv) The number of permanent employees (including Managing Director) on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2025 
was 19.
(v) The average percentage increase in remuneration of employees other than managerial personnel in the FY 2024-25 over 
FY 2023-24 is 9%.
(vi) The Company confirms that remuneration paid during the FY 2024-25, is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.
[[PAGE 122]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 117 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
ANNEXURE – 4
FORM NO. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
For the Financial Y ear ended March 31, 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To ,
The Members
Max India Limited
(CIN: L74999MH2019PLC320039) 
167, Floor 1, Plot- 167A, Ready Money Mansion,
Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai - 400018
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by Max India Limited (hereinafter called ‘the Company’). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a 
reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/ statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
We report that
a) Maintenance of secretarial records are the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express 
an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
b) We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness 
of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in 
secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed, provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
c) We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of the financial statements of the Company.
d) Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliances of laws, rules and regulations 
and happening of events etc.
e) The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the responsibility 
of the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
f) The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by 
the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial 
year ended on March 31, 2025 (“Audit Period”) complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company 
has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made 
hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025 according to the provisions of:
(i)  The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
(ii)  The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
(iv)  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings, wherever applicable;
[[PAGE 123]]
118 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
(v)  The following Regulations prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):-
(a)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and T akeovers) Regulations, 2011;
(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider T rading) Regulations, 2015;
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 {Not 
applicable during the audit period};
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;
(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021 {Not 
applicable during the audit period};
(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share T ransfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding 
the Companies Act and dealing with client;
(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 {Not applicable during the audit 
period};
(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 {Not applicable during the audit 
period};
(i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
vi)  The Company is having investment in various subsidiaries and a joint Venture Company and primarily engaged in growing 
and nurturing these business investments and providing shared services to various group Companies. As informed by the 
management, no sector specific law is applicable on the Company.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the Secretarial Standards on Meetings of the Board of Directors 
and on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India with which the Company has been generally 
complied with. 
We report that the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Standards and Guidelines, 
to the extent applicable, as mentioned above, during the Audit Period. 
We further report that the Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
Executive Directors and Independent Directors. Further, there was no change in the composition of the Board of Directors during 
the audit period.
Adequate notice were given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, Committee Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on 
agenda were sent in advance except for those meetings which were held at shorter notice in compliance of the provisions and 
a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for 
meaningful participation at the meeting. 
Board decisions are carried out with unanimous consent and therefore, no dissenting views were required to be captured and 
recorded as part of the minutes.
We further report that systems and processes in the Company are satisfactory, which can further be strengthened commensurate 
with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period:
- the Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting held on February 6, 2025, approved the proposal to infuse funds upto 
Rs. 219 Crores (approximately) into its wholly owned subsidiary companies. This includes upto Rs. 71 Crores for Antara Senior 
[[PAGE 124]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 119 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Living Limited and upto Rs. 148 Crores for Antara Assisted Care Services Limited. The infusion will be made through the 
subscription of new equity or preference shares under a Rights Issue or by way of Inter-Corporate Deposits, in one or more 
tranches during the financial year 2025-26, to meet their funding/ business expansion requirements;
- the members of the Company through Postal Ballot on March 29, 2025 accorded their approval of material related party 
transaction between Antara Senior Living Limited (‘ASLL’), wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and Max Estates 
Gurugram Limited (‘MEGL’), Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Max Estates Limited;
- the members of the Company through Postal Ballot on March 29, 2025 accorded their approval of material related party 
transaction between Antara Senior Living Limited (‘ASLL’), a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company and Associate 
Company of ASLL i.e. Contend Builders Private Limited (‘CBPL’).
New Delhi
May 30, 2025
For Sanjay Grover & Associates 
Company Secretaries 
Firm Registration No.: P2001DE052900
Peer Review Certificate No.: 6311/2024
-Sd/-
Kapil Dev T aneja
 Partner
CP No.: 22944 / Mem. No. F4019
UDIN: F004019G000502253 
 
[[PAGE 125]]
120 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
ANNEXURE – 5
FORM NO. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
(For the Financial Y ear ended 31stMarch, 2025)
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To ,
The Members
ANTARA SENIOR LIVING LIMITED
Max House 1, Dr. Jha Marg, 
Okhla New Delhi 110020 
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit for the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by Antara Senior Living Limited (hereinafter called “the Company” or “ASLL”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a 
manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/ statutory compliances and expressing our 
opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by 
the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of Secretarial Audit, the explanations and clarifications given to us and the representations made by the Management, we 
hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the Financial Y ear ended on 31st March, 2025, 
complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-
mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
1. We have examined the books, papers, minutes books, forms & returns filed and other records maintained by Company for the 
Financial Y ear ended on 31st March, 2025 according to the provisions of:
I. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules made thereunder;
II. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder (Not Applicable to the Company as 
the shares of the Company are not listed on any stock exchange);
III.  The Depositories Act, 1996 and Byelaws framed thereunder to the extent of Regulation 6 of SEBI (Depositories and Participants) 
Regulations, 2018;
IV.  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings (Not Applicable to the Company during the 
Audit period);
V. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’) 
(Not Applicable to the Company as the shares of the Company are not listed on any stock exchange).
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and T akeovers) Regulations, 2011;
(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider T rading) Regulations, 2015;
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2021;
(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non Convertible Securities) Regulations,2021;
(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share T ransfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding 
the Act and dealing with client to the extent applicable;
(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;
(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018;
(i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
[[PAGE 126]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 121 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
VI. We, based on the confirmation provided by the Company and the Management Representation, further report that there are 
adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and 
ensure compliance with all laws, rules, regulations and guidelines as specifically applicable to the Company on the basis of 
information received from the management including but not limited to:
a) T ransfer of Property Act, 1882;
b) Indian Stamp Act, 1899;
c) Labour laws such as Provident Fund, ESI, Minimum Wages, Payment of Gratuity Act.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India with regard to Board Meeting and General Meeting.
During the period under review the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, 
Guidelines, Standards, to the extent applicable to the Company.
2. We further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive, Non-Executive and Independent 
Directors. The changes, in the composition of the Board of Directors/Key Managerial Personnel that took place during the 
period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice was given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent 
at least seven days in advance except in cases where meetings were convened at a shorter notice. The Company has complied 
with the provisions of Act for convening meeting at the shorter notice. A system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting. 
Board/Committee decisions were carried out with unanimous consent and therefore, no dissenting views were required to be 
captured and recorded as part of the minutes of Board/Committee meetings.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations 
of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period, following major events have happened in pursuance of the above referred laws, 
rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.:
The Company has reclassified its Authorized Share Capital of Rs. ₹ 568,00,00,000 (Rupees Five Hundred Sixty Eight Crores 
only) divided into 15,36,50,000 (Fifteen Crores Thirty Six Lakhs Fifty Thousand) Equity shares of Rs. 10/- each and 4,14,35,000 
(Four Crore Fourteen Lakhs Thirty Five Thousand) Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares of Rs. 100/- each allotted by the 
Company to Max India Limited and consequently, the Memorandum of Association of the Company was altered accordingly.
Apart from the above, there was no major events happened in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, 
guidelines, standards, etc.
This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure and forms integral part of this report.
For SBA & Associates
Firm Reg. No.: S2019DE707500
PRN: 3428/2023
-Sd/-
Sonia Bansal Arora 
Practicing Company Secretary 
FCS No. : 10279
CP No. : 22524
UDIN : F010279G000403342
Date: May 21, 2025
Place: Ghaziabad, U.P.
[[PAGE 127]]
122 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT OF ANTARA SENIOR LIVING LIMITED 
FOR FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
To ,
The Members
ANTARA SENIOR LIVING LIMITED
Max House 1, Dr. Jha Marg, 
Okhla New Delhi 110020
Management Responsibility for Compliances 
1. The maintenance and compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, secretarial 
standards are the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these 
secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness 
of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in 
secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For SBA & Associates
Firm Reg. No.: S2019DE707500
PRN: 3428/2023
-Sd/-
Sonia Bansal Arora 
Practicing Company Secretary 
FCS No. : 10279
CP No. : 22524
UDIN : F010279G000403342
Date: May 21, 2025
Place: Ghaziabad, U.P.
[[PAGE 128]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 123 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
We have conducted the secretarial audit for the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited (hereinafter called “the Company” or “APSLL”). Secretarial Audit was conducted 
in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/ statutory compliances and expressing our 
opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by 
the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of Secretarial Audit, the explanations and clarifications given to us and the representations made by the Management, we 
hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the Financial Y ear ended on 31st March, 2025, 
complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-
mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
1.  We have examined the books, papers, minutes books, forms & returns filed and other records maintained by Company for the 
Financial Y ear ended on 31st March, 2025 according to the provisions of:
I. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules made thereunder;
II. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder (Not Applicable to the Company 
as the shares of the Company are not listed on any stock exchange);
III.  The Depositories Act, 1996 and Byelaws framed thereunder to the extent of Regulation 6 of SEBI (Depositories and 
Participants) Regulations, 2018;
IV.  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings (Not Applicable to the Company during 
the Audit period);
V. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI 
Act’) (Not Applicable to the Company as the shares of the Company are not listed on any stock exchange).
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and T akeovers) Regulations, 2011;
(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider T rading) Regulations, 2015;
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2021;
(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non Convertible Securities) Regulations,2021;
(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share T ransfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 
regarding the Act and dealing with client to the extent applicable;
(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;
(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018;
(i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
ANNEXURE – 6
FORM NO. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
(For the Financial Y ear ended 31st March, 2025)
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Man-
agerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To ,
The Members
ANTARA PURUKUL SENIOR LIVING LIMITED
Antara Senior Living Guniyal Gaon, 
P.O. - Sinola Dehradun 
Uttrakhand 248003
[[PAGE 129]]
124 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
VI. We, based on the confirmation provided by the Company and the Management Representation, further report that 
there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company 
to monitor and ensure compliance with all the laws, rules, regulations and guidelines as specifically applicable to the 
Company on the basis of information received from the management including but not limited to:
a) The Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act, 2016 and rules of the state(s) where project was being undertaken; 
b) T ransfer of Property Act, 1882;
c) Indian Stamp Act, 1899;
d) The Building and Other Construction Workers (Regulation of Employment & Conditions of Service) Act, 1996.
e) Labour laws such as Provident Fund, ESI, Minimum Wages, Payment of Gratuity Act.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India (ICSI) with regard to Board Meeting and General Meeting.
During the period under review the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, 
Guidelines, Standards, to the extent applicable to the Company.
2.  We further report that:
 The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive, Non-Executive and Independent 
Directors. The changes, in the composition of the Board of Directors/Key Managerial Personnel that took place during the 
period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
 Adequate notice was given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent 
at least seven days in advance except in cases where meetings were convened at a shorter notice. The Company has complied 
with the provisions of Act for convening meeting at the shorter notice. A system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting. 
Board/Committee decisions were carried out with unanimous consent and therefore, no dissenting views were required to be 
captured and recorded as part of the minutes of Board/Committee meetings.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations 
of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
We further report that during the Audit period there was no change in the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the 
Company and no securities were issued or allotted during the audit period.
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure and forms integral part of this report.
For SBA & Associates
Firm Reg. No.: S2019DE707500
PRN: 3428/2023
-Sd/-
Sonia Bansal Arora 
Practicing Company Secretary 
FCS No. : 10279
CP No. : 22524
UDIN : F010279G000403430
Date: May 21, 2025
Place: Ghaziabad, U.P.
[[PAGE 130]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 125 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT OF ANTARA PURUKUL SENIOR 
LIVING LIMITED FOR FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
To ,
The Members
ANTARA PURUKUL SENIOR LIVING LIMITED
Antara Senior Living Guniyal Gaon, 
P.O. - Sinola Dehradun, Uttrakhand 248003 
Management Responsibility for Compliances 
1. The maintenance and compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, secretarial 
standards are the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these 
secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness 
of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in 
secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For SBA & Associates
Firm Reg. No.: S2019DE707500
PRN: 3428/2023
-Sd/-
Sonia Bansal Arora 
Practicing Company Secretary 
FCS No. : 10279
CP No. : 22524
UDIN : F010279G000403430
Date: May 21, 2025
Place: Ghaziabad, U.P.
[[PAGE 131]]
126 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
ANNEXURE – 7 
FORM NO. MR – 3 
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To ,
The Members,
Antara Assisted Care Services Limited
Max House, 1, Dr. Jha Marg Okhla,
New Delhi, Delhi, 
India, 110020
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by Antara Assisted Care Services Limited having registered office at Max House, 1, Dr. Jha Marg Okhla, New Delhi, Delhi, 
India, 110020 (hereinafter called the” Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis 
for evaluating the corporate conducts/ statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by 
the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year 
ended on March 31, 2025 complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter: 
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the 
Financial Y ear ended on March 31, 2025 according to the provisions of: 
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and the rules made thereunder;
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (”SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder to the extent applicable;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder to the extent of Regulation 76 of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 to the extent applicable; 
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings to the extant applicable; Not Applicable during 
the period under review.
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act”):- 
Not Applicable during the period under review
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and T akeovers) Regulations, 2011; 
(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider T rading) Regulations, 2015; 
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; 
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021(including 
erstwhile Regulations);
(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2021; 
(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share T ransfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding 
the Companies Act and dealing with client to the extent of securities issued; 
[[PAGE 132]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 127 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; 
(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; 
(vi) Specific law applicable to the industry to which Company belongs, as identified and compliance whereof as confirmed by the 
management, that is to say:
1. Food Safety & Standard Act, 2006;
2. Food Safety & Standard Rules, 2011;
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses/ Regulations of the following: 
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India and notified by Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
(ii) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015; Not Applicable
During the period under review, the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, 
Standards, etc. mentioned above.
I further report that,
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and 
Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the period under review 
were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act. 
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent in 
advance except where meetings were convened at shorter notice, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information 
and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting. 
All decisions at Board Meetings are carried out with adequate majority as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the Board of 
Directors as the case may be.
I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the 
Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines. 
I further report that during the audit period, the Company has issued and allotted 1,71,50,000 (One Crore Seventy One Lakh Fifty 
Thousand) CCPS of ₹ 100/- each to Max India Limited pursuant to the provisions of section 55 and 62(1)(a) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and said event has major bearing on the Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, 
guidelines, standards, etc.
For Abhishek Thakur & Associates
Company Secretaries
-Sd/-
Abhishek Thakur
Membership No. F10660
Certificate of Practice No.22092 
Peer Review No.:4581/2023
UDIN: F010660G000442410
Date: May 26, 2025
Place: Delhi
Note: 
1. This report is to be read with my letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-A and forms an integral part of this report.
2. The management has confirmed that the records submitted to us are true and correct. This Report is limited to the Statutory 
Compliances on laws / regulations / guidelines listed in our report of which, the due date has been ended/ expired on or before 
March 31, 2025 pertaining to Financial Y ear 2025.
[[PAGE 133]]
128 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Annexure-A to Secretarial Audit report
To ,
The Members
Antara Assisted Care Services Limited
Max House, 1, Dr. Jha Marg Okhla,
New Delhi, Delhi, 
India, 110020
Our Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2025 of even date is to be read with this letter. 
Management Responsibility 
1. It is the responsibility of the management of the Company to maintain the secretarial record, devise proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and operating 
effectively.
Auditor’s Responsibility
2. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the Company 
with respect to secretarial compliances.
3. We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company’s management is adequate and appropriate for us 
to provide a basis for our opinion.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the management’s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations 
and happening of events etc.
Disclaimer
5. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness.
6. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
7. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
Management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on random test basis. 
8. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
9. We have conducted verification & examination of records, as facilitated by the Company, for the purpose of issuing this Report.
For Abhishek Thakur & Associates
Company Secretaries
-Sd/-
Abhishek Thakur
Membership No. F10660
Certificate of Practice No.22092 
Peer Review No.:4581/2023
UDIN: F010660G000442410
Date: May 26, 2025
Place: Delhi
[[PAGE 134]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 129 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
ANNEXURE 8
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES
1.  Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company
 A copy of CSR policy approved by the Board of Director of the Company is available on the website of the Company at https:/ /
www.maxindia.com/ static/uploads/ corporatepolicy/ pdf0cb5fc04b7aa7ae9d442235a15a34c86.pdf. The CSR Policy comprises 
a Vision and Mission Statement, philosophy, and objectives. It also explains the governance structure along with clarity on roles 
and responsibilities.
2. Composition of CSR Committee
SI. No. Name of Director, Designation/ 
Nature of Directorship
Number of meetings of CSR 
Committee held during the year
Number of meetings of CSR 
Committee attended during the year
Not Applicable
 The Company is not required to constitute the CSR Committee under Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013.
3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are dis-
closed on the website of the company
 A copy of CSR policy approved by the Board of Director of the Company is available on the website of the Company at https:/ /
www.maxindia.com/ corporate-policies. However, the provision under section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 w.r.t constitution 
of CSR Committee and contribution towards CSR activities are not applicable to the Company for the FY 2024-25.
4. Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of 
sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable : Not Applicable
5. a. Average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135 : Rs. 240.64 Lakhs
b. T wo percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of 
section 135
: Rs. 4.81 Lakhs
c. Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the 
previous financial years
: NIL
d. Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any : NA
e. T otal CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)] : Rs. 4.81 Lakhs
6. a. Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing 
Project)
: Rs. 5 Lakhs
b. Amount spent in Administrative Overheads. : NIL
c. Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable : NA
d. T otal amount spent for the Financial Y ear [(a)+(b)+(c)] : Rs. 5 Lakhs
e. CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Y ear : NIL
T otal Amount Spent 
for the Financial Y ear. 
(in Rs.)
Amount Unspent (in Rs.)
T otal Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
sub section (6) of section 
135.
Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII 
as per second proviso to sub-section (5) of section 135.
Amount. Date of 
transfer.
Name of the 
Fund
Amount. Date of transfer.
Not Applicable
[[PAGE 135]]
130 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
(f)  Excess amount for set-off, if any :
Sl No. Particulars Amount 
(In Rs. Lacs)
(1) (2) (3)
(i) T wo percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) 4.81
(ii) T otal amount spent for the Financial Y ear 5.00
(iii) Excess amount spent for the Financial Y ear [(ii)-(i)] 0.19
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous Financial 
Y ears, if any
0
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Y ears [(iii)-(iv)] 0.19
7. Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Y ears: Not Applicable
Sl. 
No.
Preceding 
Financial Y ear.
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR Account 
under section 
135 (6) (in 
Rs.)
Balance
Amount in 
Unspent
CSR
Account
under 
subsection 
(6) of
section 135
(in Rs.)
Amount
Spent in
The Financial
Y ear (in
Rs)
Amount 
transferred 
to any fund 
specified 
under 
Schedule VII 
as per section 
135(6), if any.
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
financial 
years. (in Rs.)
Deficiency, if 
any
Amount (in Rs). Date of transfer.
1 2021-22 Not Applicable
2 2022-23
3 2023-24
8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the Finan-
cial Y ear: Not Applicable
 Y es  No 
 If yes, enter the number of Capital assets created/ acquired : Not Applicable
 Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the 
Financial Y ear: Not Applicable
Sl. 
No.
Short particulars of the 
property or asset(s) 
[including complete address 
and location of the property]
Pin code 
of the 
property or 
asset(s)
Date of 
creation
Amount 
of CSR 
amount 
spent
Details of entity/ Authority/ 
beneficiary of the registered owner
CSR Registration 
Number, if applicable
Name Registered 
address
- - - - - - - -
9. Specify the reason(s) if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per subsection (5) of section 
135.: Not Applicable
On behalf of the Board of Directors
Max India Limited
Date: May 30, 2025 
-Sd/-
Analjit Singh
Chairman
(DIN: 00029641)
Place: New Delhi
-Sd/-
Rajit Mehta 
Managing Director
(DIN: 01604819)
Place: New Delhi
 
[[PAGE 136]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 131 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
FINANCIAL 
REVIEWSTANDALONE 
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS

[[PAGE 137]]
132 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
To ,
The Members of Max India Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements
OPINION
We have audited the accompanying Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements of Max India Limited, (“the Company”), 
which comprises the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, 
the Statement of Profit and Loss, including the Statement of 
Other Comprehensive Income, the Cash Flow Statement and 
the Statement of changes in Equity for the year then ended, 
and notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements, 
including a summary of material accounting policies and other 
explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Standalone Ind 
AS Financial Statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of 
the Company as at March 31, 2025,  its profit/loss including 
other comprehensive income, its cash flows and the changes in 
equity for the year ended on that date.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), 
specified under Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities 
under those Standards are further described in the “Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the 
Company in accordance with the ‘Code of Ethics’ issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with 
the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the 
Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements under the provisions 
of the Companies Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Standalone Ind 
AS Financial Statements.    
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2025. These matters were addressed in 
the context of our audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, 
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For 
each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed 
the matter is provided in that context. 
We have determined the matters described below to be the key 
audit matters to be communicated in our report. 
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the “Auditor’s 
responsibilities for the audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements” section of our report, including in relation to these 
matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of 
procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks 
of material misstatement of the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the 
procedures performed to address the matters below, provide 
the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying Standalone 
Ind AS Financial Statements.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
[[PAGE 138]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 133 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
S. No. Key Audit Matters How the matter was addressed in our audit
1 Evaluation of impairment indicators in Investments in 
Subsidiaries  
The Company has significant Investment in equity and 
compulsory convertible preference shares in its Subsidiar-
ies. The total Investment in Subsidiaries of Rs. 75,861.38 
lakhs is recorded at cost net of provision for impairment 
as at 31st March 2025.
Our audit procedures included, among others, the following: 
• Evaluated the design and tested the operating effective-
ness of internal controls related to evaluation of impair -
ment assessment including the review and approval of 
forecasts and valuation models of investments in subsid-
iaries. 
The amount being significant to the Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements, the determination of impairment 
charge required the application of significant judgments 
by management, in particular with respect to determi-
nation of recoverable/fair value amount of these Invest -
ment. (Refer Note No. 5 of accompanying Standalone Ind 
AS Financial Statements)
 
Considering the significant investment in subsidiaries, the 
above matter and complexity involved in assessment of 
impairment of Investment in Subsidiaries on account of 
key assumptions involved such as discount rate, growth 
rate, market forecast, etc. and uncertainty involved, this is 
determined as key audit matter.
• Assessed the carrying value/fair value calculations of 
material investment in subsidiaries, where applicable, 
to determine whether the valuations performed by the 
Company were within an acceptable range determined 
by us.
• Evaluated the adequacy of provision for impairment 
made in earlier years to compare the carrying amount 
of investments net of provision for impairment with the 
Recoverable Value.
• T ested the mathematical accuracy of the management 
computations with regard to cash flows and sensitivity 
analysis for valuing the investment made in material sub-
sidiaries.
2 Evaluation of Related Party Transactions 
The Company has entered into several transactions with 
related parties during the FY 2024-25 and same con-
stitute significant part of Company’s operating revenue 
comprising income from functional support services, 
rental income, interest on Loans to related parties etc. 
Other expenses including Professional charges, reim-
bursement of expenses, Management service charges 
etc. form part of Other expenses. 
(Refer Note No. 36 of accompanying Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements).  
We identified related party transactions as a key audit 
matter because of risks with respect to completeness 
of disclosures made in the financial statements; poten-
tial non-compliance with statutory regulations governing 
related party relationships such as Companies Act 2013 
and SEBI Regulations and the judgement involved in as-
sessing whether transactions with related parties are un-
dertaken at arms’ length.
Our audit procedures included, among others, the following: 
• Obtained an understanding of the process for identify -
ing related party transactions, performed a walkthrough 
and evaluated the design of controls related to the risk 
identified;
• Sought and obtained balance confirmation from related 
parties.
• Verified that the transactions are approved in accordance 
with internal procedures including involvement of key 
personnel at the appropriate level; 
• Reviewed the supporting documents to evaluate the 
managements’ assertions that the transactions were at 
arm’s length; we evaluated the business rationale of the 
transactions
• Evaluated the rights and obligations per the terms and 
conditions of the agreements and assessed whether the 
transactions were recorded appropriately; 
• Reviewed whether the management have disclosed rela-
tionships and transactions in accordance with Ind AS 24.
• Reviewed the Benchmarking Report on transactions un-
dertaken by Max India Limited with its group entities 
during the FY 2024-25 from a fair market value and com-
mercial perspective.
We have determined that there are no other key audit matters 
to communicate in our report.
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE STANDALONE IND 
AS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT 
THEREON 
The Company’s Board of Directors and Management is 
responsible for the Other Information. The Other Information 
comprises the information included in the Directors’ Report, but 
does not include the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements 
and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements 
does not cover the Other Information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements, our responsibility is to read the Other Information 
[[PAGE 139]]
134 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
and, in doing so, consider whether such Other Information is 
materially inconsistent with the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work 
we have performed, we conclude that there is any material 
misstatement in this Other Information, we are required to 
report that fact. We have not come across any such findings 
and hence there is nothing to report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITY OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE 
CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE STANDALONE 
IND AS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”) with respect to the preparation of these Standalone 
Ind AS Financial Statements that give a true and fair view of 
the financial position, financial performance including Other 
Comprehensive Income, cash flows and changes in equity of 
the Company in accordance with the accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting 
Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of the Act read 
with the companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,2015, 
as amended. This responsibility also includes maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions 
of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and 
for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; 
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and 
prudent; and  the design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation 
of the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement that give a true 
and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements, 
management is responsible for assessing the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, 
matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless management either intends to 
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so. 
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s financial reporting process. 
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE 
STANDALONE IND AS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these Standalone Ind 
AS Financial Statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
a. Identify and assess the risk of material misstatement of 
the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risk, and obtain audit evidence that 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control.
b. Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)
(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible 
for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has 
adequate internal financial control system in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls.
c. Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by management.
d. Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast 
significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty 
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, 
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the 
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause 
the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
[[PAGE 140]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 135 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
e. Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of 
the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone 
financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes 
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably 
knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statements 
may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and 
qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work 
and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate 
the effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone 
financial statements
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where 
applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements for the year ended March 31, 2025 and are therefore 
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matters or when, in extremely rare circumstances, 
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in 
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so 
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS 
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government 
of India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, we give in the “Annexure A”, a 
statement on the matters specified in clauses 3 and 4 of 
the Order, to the extent applicable. 
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our 
audit we report that: 
a) We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books; 
c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss 
including the Statement of Other Comprehensive 
Income, the Cash Flow Statement and Statement of 
Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in 
agreement with the books of account; 
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements comply with the Accounting 
Standards specified under section 133 of the Act, 
read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015, as amended;
e) On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors of the Company as on March 31, 
2025 taken on record by the Board of Directors, none 
of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 
from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 
164(2) of the Act; 
f) With respect to the adequacy of the Internal Financial 
Controls over Financial Reporting of the Company 
with reference to these Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements and the operating effectiveness of such 
controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure 
B” to this report. 
g) In our opinion, the managerial remuneration for the 
year ended March 31, 2025 has been paid / provided 
by the Company to its directors in accordance with 
the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V to 
the Act;
h) With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as 
amended in our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us: 
i. The Company has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations on its financial position in its 
Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements. Refer 
Note No. 32 to the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements;
[[PAGE 141]]
136 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
ii. The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts for which 
there were any material foreseeable losses.
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts,  
required to be transferred, to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the Company, 
if any.
 iv. (i)  The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, no 
funds have been advanced or loaned or 
invested (either from borrowed funds or 
share premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the Company to or in any other 
persons or entities, including foreign entities 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
that the Intermediary shall:
a.  directly or indirectly lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or
b.  provides any guarantee, security or 
the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries.
(ii) The Management has represented, that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, no 
funds have been received by the Company 
from any persons or entities, including 
foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Company shall:
a.  directly or indirectly, lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or 
b.  provides any guarantee, security or 
the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries.
(iii) Based on the audit procedures performed 
that have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to my/ our notice that has caused 
us to believe that the representations under 
sub-clause d (i) and d (ii) contain any 
material mis statement.
v  The Company did not declare or paid any 
dividend during the year and accordingly, 
reporting under Rule 11(f) of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014 is not 
applicable.
vi. Based on our examination, which 
included test checks, the Company has 
used accounting software systems for 
maintaining its books of account for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025 
which have the feature of recording audit 
trail (edit log) facility and the same has 
operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software 
systems. Further, during the course of our 
audit we did not come across any instance 
of the audit trail feature being tampered with 
and the audit trail has been preserved by the 
Company as per the statutory requirements 
for record retention.
For RAVI RAJAN & CO. LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 009073N/N500320)
Ravi Gujral
Partner
(Membership No. 514254)
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 30, 2025
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRC6582
[[PAGE 142]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 137 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Annexure “A” referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading 
“Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements” of 
our report on even date on the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements to the Members of Max India Limited
(i) (a) (A) The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details and situation of property, plant and 
equipment. 
(B)  The Company does not own Intangible Assets 
and accordingly, the requirements under clause 
3(i)(B) of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company.
(b)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the Company has a regular 
programme of physical verification of its Property, 
plant and equipment by which all Property, plant and 
equipment are verified at reasonable intervals having 
regard to the size of the Company and the nature of 
its assets and no material discrepancy was noticed on 
such verification as compared to book records.
(c)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the title deeds of immovable 
properties (other than immovable properties where 
the Company is the lessee and the lease agreements 
are duly executed in favor of the lessee) disclosed in 
the standalone financial statements are held in the 
name of the Company
(d)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination of 
the records of the Company, the Company has not 
revalued its property, plant and equipment (including 
Right-of-use assets) during the year.
(e) According to the information and explanations given to 
us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, there are no proceedings initiated or 
pending against the Company for holding any benami 
property under the Prohibition of Benami Property 
T ransactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
(ii)   The Company’s business does not involve inventories and, 
accordingly, the requirements under clause 3(ii)(a) and 
(b) of the Order are not applicable to the Company and 
hence not been commented upon.
(iii)  According to the information and explanations given to us 
and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has made the investments in its 
two (2) wholly owned subsidiaries, details of which are 
mentioned in the below table:
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the 
Subsidiary
Nature of 
Investment
Investment 
amount (Rs. 
in lakhs)
1 Antara Senior 
Living Limited
Compulsorily 
convertible 
preference shares
300
2 Antara 
Assisted 
Care Services 
Limited
Compulsorily 
convertible 
preference shares
17,150 
 The Company has not provided any guarantee or security 
or granted any advances in the nature of loans, secured 
or unsecured, to companies, firms, Limited Liability 
Partnerships or any other parties during the year.
(a)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, during the year, the Company has 
not provided loans or provided advances in the nature 
of loans, or stood guarantee, or provided security to 
any other entity.
(b) According to the information and explanations given 
to us and based on the audit procedures performed 
by us, we are of the opinion that the investment 
made by the Company in the form of equity shares 
and compulsorily convertible preference shares in its 
subsidiaries, are not prejudicial to the interest of the 
Company.
(c) According to the information and explanations given 
to us, the Loan given to the wholly owned subsidiary 
as mentioned in Note No. 6 was fully repaid as per 
the repayment schedule during FY 2024-25 and 
accordingly, the requirements under clause 3(iii)(c), 
3(iii)(d) and 3(iii)(e) of the Order are not applicable 
to the Company. 
(d) According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
ANNEXURE A TO THE AUDITOR’S REPORT
[[PAGE 143]]
138 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
records of the Company, during the year the Company 
has not granted any loans or advances in the nature 
of loans either repayable on demand or without 
specifying any terms or period of repayment and thus 
the requirements under clause 3(iii)(f) of the Order is 
not applicable to the Company.
(iv)  According to the information and explanations given to us, 
the Company has complied with the provisions of Sections 
185 and 186 of the Act in respect of grant of loans, making 
investments and providing guarantees and securities, as 
applicable.
(v) The Company has not accepted deposits within the 
meaning of Section 73 to 76 of the Act and the Companies 
(Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (as amended) 
during the year and therefore, reporting under clause (v) 
of CARO 2020 is not applicable to the Company. 
(vi) T o the best of our knowledge and as explained, the Central 
Government has not specified the maintenance of cost 
records under Section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, 
for the products/ services of the Company. 
(vii) According to the information and explanations given to us, 
in respect of statutory dues: 
(a) The Company has generally been regular in depositing 
undisputed statutory dues, including Provident Fund, 
Income T ax, Sales T ax, Goods and Services T ax, 
Value Added T ax and other material statutory dues 
applicable to it with the appropriate authorities. The 
provisions relating to Duty of Excise, Employees’ 
State Insurance, Duty of Custom and Cess are not 
applicable to the Company. 
(b)  There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect 
of Provident Fund, Income T ax, Sales T ax, Service T ax, 
Value Added T ax, Goods and Services T ax, and other 
material statutory dues in arrears as at March 31, 
2025 for a period of more than six months from the 
date they became payable. The provisions relating to 
duty of Excise, Employees’ State Insurance, Duty of 
Custom and Cess are not applicable to the Company.  
(c)  Details of dues of Income T ax and Goods and Services 
T ax as at March 31, 2025 on account of dispute are 
given below: 
Sr. No. Name of the 
Statute
Nature of dues Financial Y ear Amount of 
Demand
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Forum where dispute is 
pending
1 Finance Act, 1994
(Service T ax)
Service T ax Demand on 
Corporate Guarantee 
and Option Fees
2015-16 495.27 Commissioner of Central 
CGST, Delhi South Com-
missionerate, Delhi
2 Finance Act, 1994
(Service T ax)
Service T ax Demand on 
Corporate Guarantee, 
Option Fees and Import 
of Services
2016-17 171.38 Commissioner of Central 
CGST, Delhi South Com-
missionerate, Delhi
3 Finance Act, 1994
(Service T ax)
Service T ax Demand on 
Corporate Guarantee 
2017-18 16.27 Commissioner of Central 
CGST, Delhi South Com-
missionerate, Delhi
4 Income T ax Act, 
1961
Income tax 2014-15 2,716 Punjab & Haryana High 
Court
5 Income T ax Act, 
1961
Income tax 2021-22 118.73 Punjab & Haryana High 
Court
(viii) According to the information and explanations given to us, 
there is no any transaction/ s in the nature of income to 
the Company relating to the previous year which has been 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments 
under the Income T ax Act, 1961 and thus the requirements 
under clause 3(viii) of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company
(ix) (a)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the Company did not have 
any loans or borrowings from any lender during the 
year. Accordingly, clause 3(ix)(a) of the Order is not 
applicable.
(b)  According to the information and explanations given 
[[PAGE 144]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 139 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the Company has not been 
declared a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial 
institution or government or government authority.
(c)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us by the management, the Company has not 
obtained any term loans. Accordingly, clause 3(ix)(c) 
of the Order is not applicable.
(d)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on an overall examination of the balance 
sheet of the Company, we report that no funds have 
been raised on short-term basis by the Company. 
Accordingly, clause 3(ix)(d) of the Order is not 
applicable.
(e)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on an overall examination of the financial 
statements of the Company, we report that the 
Company has not taken any funds from any entity 
or person on account of or to meet the obligations of 
its subsidiaries as defined under the Companies Act, 
2013. Accordingly, clause 3(ix)(e) of the Order is not 
applicable. 
(f)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and procedures performed by us, we report that 
the Company has not raised loans during the year 
on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries as 
defined under the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, 
clause 3(ix)(f) of the Order is not applicable
(x)  According to the information and explanations given to us, 
the Company has not raised money by way of initial public 
offer or further public offer (including debt instruments) 
and has also not made any preferential allotment or 
private placement of shares or convertible debentures 
(fully, partially or optionally convertible) during the year 
and accordingly the requirements under clause 3(x) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company
(xi) (a) Based on examination of the books and records of 
the Company and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, considering the principles 
of materiality outlined in Standards on Auditing, 
we report that no fraud by the Company or on the 
Company has been noticed or reported during the 
course of the audit.
(b) T o the best of our knowledge, no report under sub-
section (12) of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 
2013 has been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 
as prescribed under Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and 
Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, 
during the year and up-to the date of this report.
(c) We have taken into consideration the whistle blower 
complaints received by the Company, if any, during 
the year while determining the nature, timing and 
extent of our audit procedures.
(xii) According to the information and explanations given to us, 
the Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, clause 
3(xii) of the Order is not applicable.
(xiii) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the transactions with related 
parties are in compliance with Sections 177 and 188 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, where applicable, and the details 
of the related party transactions have been disclosed in 
the standalone financial statements as required by the 
applicable Indian Accounting Standard. 
(xiv) (a) Based on information and explanations provided to us 
and our audit procedures, in our opinion, the Company 
has an internal audit system commensurate with the 
size and nature of its business.
(b) We have considered the internal audit reports of the 
Company issued till date for the period under audit 
(xv) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, during the year the Company 
has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its 
Directors or persons connected to its directors and hence 
provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are 
not applicable to the Company. 
(xvi) (a) The Company is not required to be registered under 
Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. 
Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(a) of the Order is not 
applicable
(b) The Company is not a Core Investment Company 
(CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the 
Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c) 
of the Order is not applicable.
(c) According to the information and explanations 
provided to us during the course of audit, the group 
has no Core Investment Company (CIC) . 
(xvii) The Company has incurred cash losses of Rs. 152.89 
lakhs in the current year and did not incur any cash 
[[PAGE 145]]
140 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
losses in the immediately preceding financial year.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors 
during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(xviii) of the 
Order is not applicable.
(xix)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing 
and expected dates of realization of financial assets 
and payment of financial liabilities, other information 
accompanying the Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors 
and management plans and based on our examination 
of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing 
has come to our attention, which causes us to believe 
that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of 
the audit report that company is not capable of meeting 
its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and 
when they fall due within a period of one year from the 
balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not 
an assurance as to the future viability of the company. 
We further state that our reporting is based on the 
facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither 
give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities 
falling due within a period of one year from the balance 
sheet date, will get discharged by the company as and 
when they fall due.
(xx)  In terms of Section 135 of Companies Act, 2013, 
Company has spent the entire requisite amount on 
Corporate Social Responsibilities as on 31st March 2025. 
Accordingly, the requirements under clause(xx) (a) and 
(b) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
(xxi)  The reporting under Clause 3(xxi) of the Order is not 
applicable in respect of audit of standalone financial 
statements. Accordingly, no comment in respect of the 
said clause has been included in this report.
For RAVI RAJAN & CO. LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 009073N/N500320)
 
Ravi Gujral
Partner
(Membership No. 514254)
Place: Gurugram 
Date: May 30, 2025
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRC6582
[[PAGE 146]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 141 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting under Clause (i) of Sub- section 3 of Section 143 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
We have audited the Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting of Max India Limited (“the Company”) as of March 
31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the Standalone Ind 
AS Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended 
on that date. 
Managements and Board of director’s Responsibility for 
Internal Financial Controls 
The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for 
establishing and maintaining Internal Financial Controls 
based on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. 
These responsibilities include the design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate Internal Financial Controls that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient 
conduct of its business, the safeguarding of its assets, the 
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under 
the Companies Act, 2013. 
Auditor’s Responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting with 
reference to these Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements 
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance 
with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the 
Standards on Auditing prescribed under Section 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of 
Internal Financial Controls. Those Standards and the Guidance 
Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting was established and maintained and if such controls 
operated effectively in all material respects. 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our 
audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
included obtaining an understanding of Internal Financial 
Controls over Financial Reporting with reference to these 
Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements, assessing the risk 
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the 
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on 
the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks 
of material misstatement of the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements, whether due to fraud or error. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s Internal Financial Controls system 
over Financial Reporting with reference to these Standalone Ind 
AS Financial Statements. 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting with Reference to these Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements
A Company’s Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting with reference to these Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of Financial Reporting and 
the preparation of Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements 
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A Company’s Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting with reference to these Standalone 
Ind AS Financial Statements includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records 
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) 
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as 
necessary to permit preparation of Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company 
are being made only in accordance with authorizations 
of management and directors of the Company; and (3) 
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of 
the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements.
ANNEXURE “B” TO THE AUDITOR’S REPORT
(REFERRED IN PARAGRAPH 2(F) UNDER THE HEADING “REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS” 
OF OUR REPORT ON EVEN DATE ON THE STANDALONE IND AS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS TO THE MEMBERS OF MAX 
INDIA LIMITED (FORMERLY KNOWN AS ADVAITA ALLIED HEALTH SERVICES LIMITED)
[[PAGE 147]]
142 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting with Reference to these Standalone Ind 
AS Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting with reference to these Standalone Ind 
AS Financial Statements, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be 
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the Internal 
Financial Controls over Financial Reporting with reference to 
these Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the Internal Financial Controls over 
Financial Reporting with reference to these Standalone Ind 
AS Financial Statements may become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Opinion 
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material 
respects, adequate Internal Financial Controls System over 
financial reporting with reference to these Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements and such Internal Financial Controls over 
Financial Reporting with reference to these Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements were operating effectively as at March 31, 
2025, based on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. 
For RAVI RAJAN & CO. LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 009073N/N500320) 
Ravi Gujral
Partner
(Membership No. 514254)
Place: Gurugram 
Date: May 30, 2025
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRC6582
[[PAGE 148]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 143 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Particulars Notes As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
ASSETS
1 Non-Current Assets
(a)  Property, plant and equipment 3  255.15  3,002.02 
(b)  Right of Use 3a  442.87  531.88 
(c)  Investment property 3b  -  6,762.57 
(d)  Financial Assets
(i)  Investment in subsidiaries 5  75,861.38  58,373.00 
(ii)  Other financial assets 10a  20.52  19.45 
(e)  Non-current tax assets (net) 11a  110.63  151.15 
(f)  Other non-current assets 7  29.00  63.63 
T otal Non-Current Assets  76,719.55  68,903.70 
2 Current Assets
(a)  Financial Assets
 (i)  Investments 4  2,049.46  3,920.16 
 (ii)  T rade receivables 8  88.35  16.75 
 (iii)  Cash and cash equivalents 9  20.79  20.09 
 (iv) Bank balances (other than those classified under Cash 
& cash equivalent above)
9a  -  7,344.41 
 (iv)  Loans 6  -  3,391.41 
 (v)  Other financial assets 10b  56.26  3,697.17 
(b)  Current tax assets (net) 11b  -  697.02 
(c)  Other current assets 7a  151.89  121.11 
T otal Current Assets  2,366.75  19,208.12 
3 Non current assets classified as held for sale 12  9,508.45  - 
TOTAL ASSETS  88,594.75  88,111.82 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
1 Equity
(a)  Equity share capital 13  4,358.93  4,317.08 
(b)  Other equity 14  82,121.40  82,081.54 
T otal Equity  86,480.33  86,398.62 
Liabilities
2 Non-Current Liabilities
(a)  Financial liabilities
(i)  Lease liability 15a  445.89  490.19 
(ii)  Other financial liabilities 16a  304.45  301.30 
(b)  Provisions 17a  219.14  234.36 
(c)  Deferred tax liabilities (net) 20  103.11  114.21 
T otal Non-Current Liabilities  1,072.59  1,140.06 
STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
[[PAGE 149]]
144 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Particulars Notes As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
3 Current Liabilities
(a)  Financial liabilities
(i)  Lease liability 15b  44.45  59.99 
(ii)  T rade payables 18
a)  T otal outstanding dues of micro enterprises and 
small enterprises 
 0.64  6.55 
b)  T otal outstanding dues of creditors other than 
micro enterprises and small enterprises
 90.59  95.08 
(iii)  Other financial liabilities 16b  310.81  323.83 
(b)  Other current liabilities 19  580.05  74.88 
(c)  Provisions 17b  15.29  12.81 
T otal Current Liabilities  1,041.83  573.14 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  88,594.75  88,111.82 
Summary of material accounting policies 2
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 3-49
As per our report of even date
For Ravi Rajan & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 009073N/N500320
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRC6582
For and on the behalf of Max India Limited
Ravi Gujral
Partner
Membership No.: 514254
Rajit Mehta
(Managing Director)
DIN No - 01604819
Place: Gurugram
Niten Malhan
(Director)
DIN No - 00614624
Place : London, UK
Sandeep Pathak
(Chief Financial Officer)
PAN - AKYPP9914E
Place: Gurugram
Trapti
(Company Secretary)
PAN - APZPT2740L
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 30, 2025 Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 150]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 145 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS 
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Notes For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Income
Revenue from operations 21 1,913.01 3,123.47
Other income 22 166.16 103.16
T otal income 2,079.17 3,226.63
Expenses
Employee benefits expense 23 1,222.76 1,259.72
Non-Executive Directors' Compensation (including sitting fees) 24 381.00 377.00
Finance costs 25 79.85 59.11
Depreciation and amortization expense 26 277.85 268.22
Legal and professional expenses 27 266.67 747.54
Other expenses 28 302.14 337.76
T otal expenses 2,530.27 3,049.35
Profit/(Loss) before exceptional items and tax (451.10) 177.28
Exceptional items 42 4.65 (12.34)
Profit/(Loss) before tax (446.45) 164.94
T ax expense : 20
(1) Current tax - 23.01
(2) Deferred tax (15.01) 16.57
Income tax adjustment related to earlier years (15.89) 1.46
Profit/(Loss) for the year after tax (415.55) 123.90
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
 Items that will not be reclassified to the Statement of profit or loss 
in subsequent periods
Re-measurement gains / (losses) on defined benefit plans 30 15.52 (10.51)
Income tax effect on above 20 (3.91) 2.65
Other Comprehensive (loss) / Income for the year 11.61 (7.86)
T otal Comprehensive Income for the year (403.94) 116.04
Earnings per equity share (Rs.) : 29
(1) Basic (0.96) 0.29
(2) Diluted (0.96) 0.28
Summary of material accounting policies 2
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 3-49
As per our report of even date
For Ravi Rajan & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 009073N/N500320
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRC6582
For and on the behalf of Max India Limited
Ravi Gujral
Partner
Membership No.: 514254
Rajit Mehta
(Managing Director)
DIN No - 01604819
Place: Gurugram
Niten Malhan
(Director)
DIN No - 00614624
Place : London, UK
Sandeep Pathak
(Chief Financial Officer)
PAN - AKYPP9914E
Place: Gurugram
Trapti
(Company Secretary)
PAN - APZPT2740L
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 30, 2025 Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 151]]
146 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
A CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit/(Loss) before exceptional items and tax (451.10) 177.28
Add: Adjustments for:
Depreciation 277.85 268.22
Assets Written Off 2.52 -
Interest cost on Finance Lease 56.97 34.77
Rental Income (561.47) (523.46)
Interest Income (753.72) (1,472.47)
Net gain on sale of Property, Plant and Equipment 0.03 (0.22)
Net gain on redemption of Mutual Funds (181.41) (312.36)
Fair value loss / (gain) on Mutual Funds (8.64) (41.40)
Financial guarantee income - (4.43)
Liability/ provisions no longer required written back (0.45) (73.20)
Employee Stock Option Expense 54.92 171.73
Operating Loss before working capital changes (1,564.50) (1,775.54)
Working Capital Changes :
Decrease/(Increase) in Other Financial Assets (Non-Current) (1.07) 8.21
(Increase) in Other Non-Current Assets (29.00) -
Decrease/(increase) in T rade Receivables (71.60) 44.31
Decrease/(increase) in Loans (Current) 2.78 (2.78)
Decrease/(increase) in Other Financial Assets (Current) (16.11) (6.65)
Decrease/(increase) in Other Current Assets (30.78) 0.82
increase/(Decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities 51.68 139.32
increase/(Decrease) in Provisions 2.77 49.73
increase/(Decrease) in T rade Payables (9.93) 8.64
increase/(Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities (20.23) 7.67
Cash Flow from operations (1,685.99) (1,526.27)
Income T ax Refund/(T axes paid) 753.43 (175.64)
NET CASH FLOW USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES (A) (932.56) (1,701.91)
B CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment (including Capital Advance) (127.78) (115.41)
Improvement in Investment Property (52.19) (26.64)
Advance from Sale of Investment Property 525.40 -
Proceeds from sale of Property, Plant and Equipment 1.01 1.35
Loans repaid by Subsidiaries 3,350.00 738.39
Loan to Subsidiaries - (3,302.50)
Investment in subsidiaries (17,450.00) (12,000.00)
Proceeds from sale of shares of Wholly Owned Subsidiary (Antara Bangalore 
Senior Living ltd.)
109.06 -
Proceeds from maturity/ (Investment) in Fixed Deposits with maturity more 
than 3 months(Net)
10,883.95 12,549.24
Investments in Mutual Fund (4,926.19) (8,628.16)
[[PAGE 152]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 147 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Proceeds from redemption of Mutual Funds 6,986.94 10,468.30
Rental Income from Investment Property 561.47 523.46
Interest received 909.83 1,464.34
NET CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES (B) 771.49 1,672.37
C CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of share capital (including security premium) 278.58 93.46
Payment of lease liabilities (116.81) (75.98)
NET CASH FLOW FROM /(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES (C) 161.77 17.48
NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
(A+B+C)
0.70 (12.06)
Cash and Cash Equivalents - at the beginning of the year 20.09 32.15
Cash and Cash Equivalents - at the end of the year 20.79 20.09
NET INCREASE/ (DECREASE) IN CASH & CASH EQUIVALENTS 0.70 (12.06)
1.  The above cash flow statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind 
AS) 7- Statement of Cash Flows.
2.  Components of cash and cash equivalents :-
Cash and cash equivalents As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Balance with Bank on Current Accounts 20.43 19.73
Cash on Hand 0.36 0.36
TOTAL 20.79 20.09
Summary of material accounting policies 2
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 3-49
As per our report of even date
For Ravi Rajan & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 009073N/N500320
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRC6582
For and on the behalf of Max India Limited
Ravi Gujral
Partner
Membership No.: 514254
Rajit Mehta
(Managing Director)
DIN No - 01604819
Place: Gurugram
Niten Malhan
(Director)
DIN No - 00614624
Place : London, UK
Sandeep Pathak
(Chief Financial Officer)
PAN - AKYPP9914E
Place: Gurugram
Trapti
(Company Secretary)
PAN - APZPT2740L
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 30, 2025 Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 153]]
148 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
A. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL :
 FY 2024-25
Balance at the 
Beginning of the 
current Reporting 
Period
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital Due to 
Prior Period Error
Restated Balance at 
the Beginning of the 
Current Reporting 
Period
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital During 
the current year *
Balance at the End of 
the Current Reporting 
Period
4,317.08 - 4,317.08 41.85  4,358.93 
 FY 2023-24
Balance at the 
Beginning of the 
Previous Reporting 
Period
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital Due to 
Prior Period Error
Restated Balance at 
the Beginning of the 
Previous Reporting 
Period
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital During 
the Previous year *
Balance at the End of 
the Previous Reporting 
Period
4,302.90  - 4,302.90  14.18 4,317.08 
 * Increase in equity share capital due to exercise of ESOPs
B. OTHER EQUITY
Particulars Reserves and Surplus 
Securities 
premium
Employee 
stock options 
outstanding
(refer note 28)
Capital 
reserve
Retained 
earnings
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
T otal
Comprehensive 
Income
Balance at the beginning of the previous
reporting period FY 23-24
511.35 265.48 90,280.09 (9,615.79) 36.44 81,477.57
Changes in accounting policy or prior period errors - - - - - -
Restated balance at the beginning of the previous reporting period 511.35 265.48 90,280.09 (9,615.79) 36.44 81,477.57
Profit for the year - - - 123.90 - 123.90
Premium on issue of equity shares during the year 127.69 - - - - 127.69
ESOP recognized during the year - 434.16 - - 434.16
ESOP forfeited during the year - (25.51) - - - (25.51)
T ransferred to securities premium on exercise of stock option - (48.41) - - - (48.41)
Remeasurement gain/(loss) on Defined Benefit Plan (Net of tax) - - - - (7.86) (7.86)
Balance at the end of previous reporting period/ beginning of 
current reporting period FY 24-25
639.04 625.72 90,280.09 (9,491.89) 28.58 82,081.54
Changes in accounting policy or prior period errors - - - - - -
Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 639.04 625.72 90,280.09 (9,491.89) 28.58 82,081.54
Profit for the year - - - (415.55) (415.55)
Premium on issue of equity shares during the year 387.01 - - 387.01
ESOP recognized during the year - 230.91 - - - 230.91
ESOP forfeited during the year - (23.84) - - - (23.84)
T ransferred to securities premium on exercise of stock option - (150.28) - - - (150.28)
Remeasurement gain/(loss) on Defined Benefit Plan (Net of tax) - - - - 11.61 11.61
Closing Balance as on March 31, 2025 1,026.05 682.51 90,280.09 (9,907.44) 40.19 82,121.40
Summary of material accounting policies 2
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 3-49
As per our report of even date
For Ravi Rajan & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 009073N/N500320
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRC6582
For and on the behalf of Max India Limited
Ravi Gujral
Partner
Membership No.: 514254
Rajit Mehta
(Managing Director)
DIN No - 01604819
Place: Gurugram
Niten Malhan
(Director)
DIN No - 00614624
Place : London, UK
Sandeep Pathak
(Chief Financial Officer)
PAN - AKYPP9914E
Place: Gurugram
Trapti
(Company Secretary)
PAN - APZPT2740L
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 30, 2025 Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 154]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 149 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
1.  CORPORATE INFORMATION 
 The Company was incorporated on January 23, 2019 under 
the Companies Act, 2013 registered with the Registrar 
of Companies, Mumbai as a wholly owned subsidiary 
Company of erstwhile Max India Limited. The Company 
is authorized, by its Memorandum of Association, inter 
alia, to carry on the business of providing various services 
relating to senior living communities and management 
and consultancy services, shared services, nurturing the 
learning and development objectives for acquisition of 
skills and knowledge, including recruitment personnel 
management in the Company, its affiliates, subsidiaries, 
associates, joint venture companies and other companies 
including those with similar objects as that of the 
Company. 
 The address of the registered office of the Company is 
167, Floor 1, Plot-167A, Ready Money Mansion, Dr. Annie 
Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai -400018 Maharashtra.
 Upon the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and 
Arrangement amongst Max India Limited, Max Healthcare 
Institute Limited, Radiant Life Care Private Limited and the 
Company and their respective shareholders and creditors 
(“the Scheme”) becoming effective, the Company got 
engaged in the activities of making, holding and nurturing 
investments in allied health and associated activities, 
represented by its subsidiary companies (namely Antara 
Senior Living Limited along with its subsidiary Antara 
Purukul Senior Living Limited (APSLL), Antara Assisted 
Care Services Limited, Max Skill First Limited, Antara 
Bangalore Senior Living Limited (Formerly Max Ateev 
Limited) (directly held by the Company until May 31, 2024 
and held through Antara Senior Living Limited w.e.f. June 
1, 2024) and Max UK Limited), coupled with erstwhile 
Max India’s management consultancy services, its related 
employees, contracts, assets and liabilities, (collectively 
referred to as “Allied Health and Associated Activities” 
and as defined in the Scheme), w.e.f. the Appointed date 
i.e. February 1, 2019. 
 Subsequently, the Company issued and allotted 
53,786,261 equity shares of Rs 10 each on June 22, 2020 
to the shareholders of erstwhile Max India Limited as on 
the record date i.e. June 15, 2020 and the erstwhile equity 
share capital of the Company of Rs. 500,000 (comprising 
50,000 equity shares of Rs. 10 each) which was fully held 
by erstwhile Max India Limited was cancelled in terms of 
the Composite Scheme. 
 Consequently, the Company ceased to be a subsidiary of 
Max India Limited with effect from the Effective Date. 
 The Company obtained a fresh certificate of incorporation 
on July 1, 2020, subsequent to the change of its name and 
renamed as Max India Limited. Further, the equity shares 
of the Company were listed on NSE and BSE with effect 
from August 28, 2020.
 During the FY 2022-23, 1,07,57,252 Equity Shares were 
cancelled in accordance with the Scheme for Reduction of 
Capital of the Company.
 The Company also recently concluded a right issue of 
Rs. 12,422.96 lakhs, wherein it allotted 82,81,973 equity 
shares of Rs. 10/- each at a premium of Rs. 140 /- each.
2.  BASIS OF PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION 
(a)  Statement of Compliance 
 The Company, as a wholly owned subsidiary of a 
listed company i.e. erstwhile Max India Limited, 
was mandatorily required to adopt IND AS. The 
Standalone financial statements have been prepared 
in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards 
(“Ind AS”) as notified by Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
pursuant to Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(‘Act’) read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended from time to time 
and other relevant provisions of the Act. 
 The standalone financial statements have been 
prepared on accrual and going concern basis. The 
accounting policies are applied consistently to all 
the periods presented in the financial statements 
The standalone financial statements, for the period 
January 23, 2019 to March 31, 2020, were the first 
financial statements of the Company which have been 
prepared in accordance with Ind AS and restated to 
include impact of the Scheme.
 The Standalone financial statements of the Company 
for the year ended March 31, 2025 were approved 
in accordance with the resolution of the Board of 
Directors on May 30, 2025.
 Material Accounting Policies
(b)  Basis of measurement 
 The standalone financial statements have been 
prepared on a historical cost convention and on an 
accrual basis, except for the following material items 
[[PAGE 155]]
150 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
that have been measured at fair value as required by 
relevant Ind AS:
i. Certain financial assets and liabilities measured 
at amortised cost (refer accounting policy on 
financial instruments); 
ii. Defined benefit and other long-term employee 
benefits. 
 Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of 
the consideration given in exchange for goods and 
services at the time of their acquisition. 
 The standalone financial statements are presented 
in Indian Rupees (Rs.), which is the Company’s 
functional and presentation currency and all amounts 
are rounded to the nearest lakhs (Rs. 00,000) and 
two decimals thereof, as per the requirement of 
Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, except 
where mentioned otherwise. 
(c)  Basis of classifying Assets and Liabilities into 
Current and Non-Current 
 Operating Cycle 
 The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition 
of assets for processing and their realisation in cash 
and cash equivalents. The Company has identified 
twelve months as its operating cycle.
 The Company presents assets and liabilities in 
the Balance Sheet based on current/ non-current 
classification. An asset is treated as current when it 
is: 
a.  Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or 
consumed in normal operating cycle; 
b.  Held primarily for the purpose of trading; or 
c.  Expected to be realised within twelve months 
after the reporting period, or 
d.  Cash or cash equivalent - unless restricted from 
being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at 
least twelve months after the reporting period.
 All other assets are classified as non-current.  
 A liability is current when it is: 
a.  Expected to be settled in normal operating 
cycle;  
b.  Held primarily for the purpose of trading; or 
c.  Due to be settled within twelve months after the 
reporting period, or  
d.  There is no unconditional right to defer the 
settlement of the liability for at least twelve 
months after the reporting period 
 All other liabilities are classified as non-current. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as 
non-current assets and liabilities
(d) Use of estimates and judgement 
 The preparation of the Standalone financial 
statements in conformity with Ind AS requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions 
that affect the application of accounting policies and 
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income 
and expenses. Actual results may differ from these 
estimates. 
 The estimates and underlying assumptions are 
reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised in the period in which the 
estimate is revised if the revision effects only that 
period or in the period of the revision and future 
periods if the revision affects both current and future 
years.
  In particular, information about significant areas 
of estimation, uncertainty and critical judgments 
in applying accounting policies that have the most 
significant effect on the amounts recognized in the 
financial statements is included in the following 
notes: 
a. Recognition and measurement of defined benefit 
obligations, key actuarial assumptions; (Refer 
Note No. 30)
b.   Recognition and measurement of provisions 
and contingencies, key assumptions about 
the likelihood and magnitude of an outflow of 
resources; (Refer Note No. 2 (i))
c.  Recognition of deferred tax assets – availability of 
future taxable profits against which deferred tax 
assets (e.g. MAT) can be used (Refer Note No. 2 
(p))
d. Measurement of lease liabilities and Right-of-use 
[[PAGE 156]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 151 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
assets (Refer Note No. 2 (g))
e. Impairment of Financial and Non- Financial assets 
(Refer Note No. 2 (k) and (h)) 
(e)  Property, plant and equipment 
1. Property, Plant and equipment including 
capital work in progress are stated at cost, less 
accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses, if any. The cost will comprise 
of purchase price, taxes, duties, freight and 
other incidental expenses directly attributable 
and related to acquisition and installation of 
the concerned assets and are further adjusted 
by the amount of GST credit and other credits 
availed wherever applicable. Recurring repair and 
maintenance costs are recognized in profit or 
loss as incurred. 
2.  Property, plant and equipment not ready for their 
intended use as on the balance sheet date are 
disclosed as “Capital work-in-progress”. Such 
items are classified to the appropriate category of 
property, plant and equipment when completed 
and ready for their intended use. Advances given 
towards acquisition/ construction of property, 
plant and equipment outstanding at each balance 
sheet date are disclosed as Capital Advances 
under “Other non-current assets”. 
3.  Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s 
carrying amount or recognised as a separate 
asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable 
that future economic benefits associated with 
the item will flow to the Company and the cost of 
the item can be measured reliably.  
4.  An item of property, plant and equipment 
and any significant part initially recognised 
is derecognised upon disposal or when no 
future economic benefits are expected from 
its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on 
de-recognition of the asset (calculated as the 
difference between the net disposal proceeds and 
the carrying amount of the asset) is included in 
the statement of profit and loss in “other income 
/ (expenses)” when the asset is derecognised.
 The residual values, useful lives and methods of 
depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
are reviewed at each financial year end and 
adjusted prospectively, if appropriate. 
5.  Cost of T angible Assets, less its residual value, are 
depreciated to the residual values on a straight-
line basis over the estimated useful lives based 
on technical estimates which are different than 
those specified by Schedule II to the Companies 
Act 2013, in order to reflect the actual usage of 
the assets. Assets’ residual values and useful 
lives are reviewed at each financial year end 
considering the physical condition of the assets 
and benchmarking analysis or whenever there 
are indicators for review of residual value and 
useful life. Estimated useful lives of the assets are 
as follows: 
Asset Type Estimated Useful 
Life (In Y ears)
Building and Investment 
Property
60 years
Furniture and 
Fixtures 
10 years
Office Equipment 3-5 years
IT Equipment (End user 
devices) 
3 years 
Vehicles 3-8 years 
Leasehold Improvement Amortised over the 
period of lease
 The management believes that these estimated 
useful lives are realistic and reflect fair 
approximation of the period over which the 
assets are likely to be used. 
(f) Investment property 
 Recognition and initial measurement
1.  Investment properties are properties held to 
earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. 
As per Ind AS 40, Investment properties are 
measured initially at their cost of acquisition, 
including transaction costs. The cost comprises 
purchase price, borrowing cost, if capitalization 
criteria are met and directly attributable cost 
of bringing the asset to its working condition 
for the intended use. Any trade discount and 
rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase 
price. When significant parts of the investment 
property are required to be replaced at intervals, 
the Company depreciates them separately based 
on their specific useful lives. Subsequent costs 
are included in the asset’s carrying amount or 
[[PAGE 157]]
152 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, 
only when it is probable that future economic 
benefits associated with the item will flow to the 
Company. All other repair and maintenance costs 
are recognised in statement of profit or loss as 
incurred. The cost includes the cost of replacing 
parts if the recognition criteria are met. 
2.  T ransfers are made to (or from) investment 
property only when there is a change in use. 
For a transfer from investment property to 
owner-occupied property, the deemed cost for 
subsequent accounting is the carrying value at 
the date of change in use.
 Subsequent measurement (depreciation and 
useful lives)
 Investment properties are subsequently 
measured at cost less accumulated depreciation 
and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
 Depreciation on investment properties is 
provided on the straight-line method over the 
useful lives of the assets as per Schedule II of the 
Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time.
Asset Type Useful life
Building 60 years
 De-recognition
 Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an 
intangible asset are measured as the difference 
between the net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amount of the asset and are recognised 
in the statement of profit or loss when the asset 
is derecognised.
(g)  Leases  
 Company as a lessee:  
 The Company assesses at contract inception whether 
a contract is, or contains, a lease. The Company 
enters into lease arrangements for leasing of self-
owned Building and Investment Property. A contract 
is, or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right 
to control the use of an identified asset for a period of 
time in exchange of consideration. T o assess whether 
a contract conveys the right to control the use of an 
asset the Company assesses whether:
(i)  The contract involves the use of an identified 
asset – this may be specified explicitly or 
implicitly, and should be physically distinct or 
represent substantially all of the capability of 
a physical distinct asset. If the supplier has a 
substantive substitution right, then the asset is 
not identified 
(ii)  The Company has the right to obtain substantially 
all of the economic benefits from use of the asset 
throughout the period of use; and 
(iii)  The Company has the right to direct the use 
of the asset. The Company has this right when 
it has the decision making rights that are most 
relevant to changing how and for what purpose 
the asset is used.
 Lease accounting as a Lessee 
 Initial Recognition
 Right of Use Asset (ROU) 
 The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a 
lease liability at the lease commencement date. At 
the commencement date, a lessee shall measure 
the right-of-use asset at cost which comprises 
initial measurement of the lease liability, any lease 
payments made at or before the commencement 
date, less any lease incentives received, any initial 
direct costs incurred by the lessee; and an estimate of 
costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and 
removing the underlying asset, restoring the site on 
which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to 
the condition required by the terms and conditions of 
the lease. 
 The ROU asset is depreciated as per the depreciation 
requirements in Ind AS 16 Property, Plant and 
Equipment
 The Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist 
of leases for Building and Investment Properties.
 Lease Liability 
 At the commencement date, a lessee measures 
the lease liability at the present value of the lease 
payments that are not paid at that date. The lease 
payments shall be discounted using the interest 
rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily 
determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, 
the lessee shall use the lessee’s incremental borrowing 
rate.
 Subsequent measurement
[[PAGE 158]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 153 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Subsequent measurement of the right-of-use asset 
after the commencement date is at cost model, 
the value of right-of-use asset is initially measured 
at cost less accumulated depreciation and any 
accumulated impairment loss and adjustment for any 
re-measurement of the lease liability.
 The right-of-use asset is depreciated from the 
commencement date to the earlier of the end of the 
useful life of the asset or the end of lease term, unless 
lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to 
the Company by the end of the lease term or if the 
cost of the right-of-asset reflects that the Company 
will exercise a purchase option, in such case the 
Company will depreciate asset to the end of the 
useful life.
 Right-of-use asset and lease liability are presented 
on the face of balance sheet. Depreciation charge 
on right-to-use is presented under depreciation 
expense as a separate line item. Interest charge on 
lease liability is presented under finance cost as a 
separate line item. Under the cash flow statement, 
cash flow from lease payments including interest are 
presented under financing activities. Short-term lease 
payments, payments for leases of low-value assets 
and variable lease payments that are not included in 
the measurement of the lease liabilities are presented 
as cash flows from operating activities.
 Short-term lease and leases of low-value assets 
 The Company has elected not to recognise right-of-
use assets and lease liabilities for short- term leases 
that have a lease term of less than 12 months or 
less and leases of low-value assets. The Company 
recognises the lease payments associated with these 
leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the 
lease term. The election for short-term leases shall 
be made by class of underlying asset to which the 
right of use relates. A class of underlying asset is a 
grouping of underlying assets of a similar nature and 
use in Company’s operations. The election for leases 
for which the underlying asset is of low value can be 
made on a lease-by-lease basis.
 Lease Accounting by lessor 
 Leases in which the Company does not transfer 
substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership 
of the asset is classified as operating lease. Assets 
subject to operating leases other than land, building 
and vehicles are included in PPE. Lease income on 
an operating lease is recognised in the statement of 
profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the lease 
term. Costs, including depreciation, are recognised as 
an expense in the statement of profit and loss.
(h)      Impairment of non-financial assets  
 The Company assesses at each reporting date 
whether there is an indication that an asset may be 
impaired. If any indication exists, or when annual 
impairment testing for an asset is required, the 
Company estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. 
An asset‘s recoverable amount is the higher of an 
asset’s or cash generating units’ (CGUs) fair value less 
cost of disposal and its value in use. The recoverable 
amount is determined for an individual asset, unless 
the asset does not generate cash inflows that are 
largely independent of those from other assets or 
group of assets. When the carrying amount of an 
asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the 
asset is considered impaired and is written down to 
its recoverable amount.  
 In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash 
flows are discounted to their present value using a 
pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market 
assessments of the time value of money and the risks 
specific to the asset. In determining net selling price, 
recent market transactions are taken into account, if 
available. If no such transactions can be identified, 
an appropriate valuation model is used. These 
calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples, 
quoted share prices for publicly traded companies or 
other available fair value indicators. 
 In determining fair value less cost of disposal, recent 
market transactions are taken into account.
 The Company bases its impairment calculation on 
detailed budgets and forecast calculations, which are 
prepared separately for each of the Company’s CGUs 
to which the individual assets are allocated. These 
budgets and forecast calculations generally cover a 
period of five years. For longer periods, a long-term 
growth rate is calculated and applied to project future 
cash flows after the fifth year. T o estimate cash flow 
projections beyond periods covered by the most 
recent budgets/forecasts, the Company extrapolates 
cash flow projections in the budget using a steady or 
[[PAGE 159]]
154 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
declining growth rate for subsequent years, unless 
an increasing rate can be justified. In any case, this 
growth rate does not exceed the long-term average 
growth rate for the products, industries, or country 
or countries in which the entity operates, or for the 
market in which the asset is used.
 Impairment losses of continuing operations, are 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss. After 
impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised 
carrying amount of the asset over its remaining useful 
life. 
 For assets, an assessment is made at each reporting 
date to determine whether there is an indication 
that previously recognised impairment losses no 
longer exist or have decreased. If such indication 
exists, the Company estimates the asset’s or CGU’s 
recoverable amount. A previously recognised 
impairment loss is reversed only if there has been 
a change in the assumptions used to determine the 
asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment 
loss was recognised. The reversal is limited so that 
the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its 
recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount 
that would have been determined, net of depreciation, 
had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset 
in prior years. Such reversal is recognised in the 
statement of profit or loss unless the asset is carried 
at a revalued amount, in which case, the reversal is 
treated as a revaluation increase. 
(i)  Provisions, Contingent liabilities, Contingent 
Assets, and Commitments 
 Provisions 
 A provision is recognised when the Company has 
a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a 
result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow 
of resources embodying economic benefits will 
be required to settle the obligation and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. 
When the Company expects some or all of a provision 
to be reimbursed, for example, under an insurance 
contract, the reimbursement is recognised as a 
separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is 
virtually certain. The expense relating to a provision 
is presented in the statement of profit and loss net of 
any reimbursement. 
 If the effect of the time value of money is material, 
provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate 
that reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to 
the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in 
the provision due to the passage of time is recognised 
as a finance cost. 
 Contingent liabilities 
 Contingent liabilities are disclosed in the notes. 
 Contingent liabilities are disclosed for 
(1)  Possible obligations which will be confirmed only 
by future events not wholly within the control of 
the Company or 
(2)  Present obligations arising from past events 
where it is not probable that an outflow of 
resources will be required to settle the obligation 
or a reliable estimate of the amount of the 
obligation cannot be made. 
 Contingent assets are not recognised in the 
standalone financial statements. However, the same 
are disclosed in the standalone financial statements 
where an inflow of economic benefit is probable
 Contingent assets are recognized when the realisation 
of income is virtually certain, then the related asset 
is not a contingent asset and its recognition is 
appropriate. 
 Provisions, contingent liabilities, contingent assets 
and commitments are reviewed at each reporting 
date. 
(j)  Retirement and other Employee Benefits 
I.  Defined benefit plan 
 Provident Fund 
 The Company contributes to employees 
provident fund benefits through a trust “Max 
Financial Services Limited Provident Fund 
T rust” managed by Max Financial Services 
Limited whereby amounts determined at a fixed 
percentage of basic salaries of the employees are 
deposited to the trust every month. The benefit 
vests upon commencement of the employment. 
The interest rate payable by the trust to the 
beneficiaries every year is notified by the 
government and the Company has an obligation 
[[PAGE 160]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 155 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
to make good the shortfall, if any, between the 
return from the investments of the trust and the 
notified interest rate. The Company has obtained 
actuarial valuation to determine the shortfall, if 
any, as at the Balance Sheet date. The Company 
recognises contribution payable to the provident 
fund as an expense, when the employee renders 
the related service.
 Gratuity 
 The Company’s gratuity fund scheme and post-
employment benefit scheme are considered as 
defined benefit plans. The Company’s liability is 
determined on the basis of an actuarial valuation 
using the projected unit credit method as at the 
balance sheet date.
 Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial 
gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling, 
excluding amounts included in net interest on 
the net defined benefit liability and the return 
on plan assets (excluding amounts included in 
net interest on the net defined benefit liability), 
are recognized immediately in the Balance Sheet 
with a corresponding debit or credit to retained 
earnings through OCI in the period in which they 
occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to 
profit or loss in subsequent periods. 
 Net interest is calculated by applying the discount 
rate to the net defined benefit (liabilities/ assets). 
The Company recognized the following changes 
in the net defined benefit obligation under 
employee benefit expenses in statement of profit 
and loss.:  
(i)  Service cost comprising current service cost, 
past service cost, gain & loss on curtailments 
and non routine settlements. 
(ii)  Net interest expenses or income. 
II.  Short term employee benefits 
a.  Short term employee benefits that are 
expected to be settled wholly within 12 
months after the end of the period in which 
the employees render the related service are 
recognised as an expense at the undiscounted 
amount in the statement of profit and loss 
of the year in which the related service is 
rendered. 
b.  Accumulated Compensated absences, 
which are expected to be settled wholly 
within 12 months after the end of the 
period in which the employees render the 
related service, are treated as short term 
employee benefits. The Company measures 
the expected cost of such absences as the 
additional amount that it expects to pay as 
a result of the unused entitlement that has 
accumulated at the reporting date.
III. Other long-term employee benefits 
 Benefits under the Company’s leave encashment 
constitute other long term employee benefits. 
 The Company’s obligation in respect of leave 
encashment is the amount of future benefit that 
employees have earned in return for their service 
in the current and prior periods; that benefit 
is discounted to determine its present value. 
The discount rate is based on the prevailing 
market yields of Indian government securities 
as at the reporting date that have maturity dates 
approximating the terms of the Company’s 
obligations. The calculation is performed using 
the projected unit credit method. Any actuarial 
gains or losses are recognized in profit or loss in 
the period in which they arise.
 The employees can carry-forward a portion of 
the un-utilized accrued compensated absences 
and utilize it in future service periods or receive 
cash compensation during employment as per 
policy of the Company or on termination of 
employment. Since the compensated absences 
do not fall due wholly within twelve months after 
the end of the period in which the employees 
render the related service and are also not 
expected to be utilized wholly within twelve 
months after the end of such period, the benefit 
is classified as a long-term employee benefit. 
The Company records an obligation for such 
compensated absences in the period in which the 
employee renders the services that increase this 
entitlement. The obligation is measured on the 
basis of independent actuarial valuation using 
the projected unit credit method.
[[PAGE 161]]
156 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Re measurement of employee benefits including 
actuarial gains and losses are recognized in the 
balance sheet with a corresponding debit or 
credit to retained earnings through Statement 
of Profit and Loss or Other Comprehensive 
Income in the ear of occurrence, as the case 
may be. Remeasurements are not reclassified to 
the statement of Profit and Loss in subsequent 
periods.
(k) Financial Instruments – Initial recognition, 
subsequent measurement and impairment 
 A financial instrument is any contract that gives 
rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial 
liability or equity instrument of another entity.
  Financial Assets 
  Financial Assets are classified at amortised cost or 
fair value through Profit or Loss, depending on its 
business model for managing those financial assets 
and the assets contractual cash flow characteristics. 
  For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will 
either be recorded in profit or loss. For investments 
in debt instruments, this will depend on the business 
model in which the investment is held. 
 For investments in equity instruments, this will 
depend on whether the company has made an 
irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition 
to account for the equity investment at fair value 
through other comprehensive income. 
 The Company account for Investment in Subsidiaries 
at cost as per Ind AS 27 Separate Financial Statements. 
 For impairment purposes, financial assets are tested 
on an individual basis, other financial assets are 
assessed collectively in the Company that share 
similar credit risk characteristics. 
  Measurement 
 At initial recognition, the Company measures a 
financial asset at its fair value , and in the case of a 
financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, 
transaction costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition of the financial asset. T ransaction costs of 
financial assets carried at fair value through profit or 
loss are expensed in profit or loss. 
  Investment in Debt instruments 
 Subsequent measurement of debt instruments 
depends on the Company’s business model for 
managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics 
of the asset. The Company measures all its Debt 
instrument either at amortised cost or at fair value 
through profit or loss. 
•  Amortised cost: Assets that are held for 
collection of contractual cash flows where those 
cash flows represent solely payments of principal 
and interest are measured at amortised cost. 
Financial assets classified at amortised cost 
are subsequently measured at amortised cost 
using the effective interest rate (EIR) method. 
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into 
account any discount or premium on acquisition 
and fees or costs that are an integral part of the 
EIR. Interest income from these financial assets 
is included in finance income using the effective 
interest rate method. 
•  Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL): Any 
financial asset that does not meet the criteria for 
classification as at amortized cost or as financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income, is classified as financial assets at fair 
value through profit or loss. Financial assets 
at fair value through profit or loss are at each 
reporting date fair valued with all the changes 
recognized in the statement of profit or loss. 
 Trade receivables 
  A receivable is classified as a ‘trade receivable’ if it 
is in respect to the amount due from customers on 
account of services rendered in the ordinary course of 
business. 
 The Company recognises life time expected credit 
losses for all trade receivables that do not constitute a 
financing transaction.
  Impairment is made on the expected credit losses, 
which are the present value of the cash shortfalls over 
the expected life of financial assets. The impairment 
methodology applied depends on whether there has 
been a significant increase in credit risk. The estimated 
impairment losses are recognised in a separate 
provision for impairment and the impairment losses 
are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss 
[[PAGE 162]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 157 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
within other expenses. 
 Subsequent changes in assessment of impairment 
are recognised in provision for impairment and the 
change in impairment losses are recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss within other expenses. 
For foreign currency trade receivable, impairment 
is assessed after reinstatement at closing rates. 
Individual receivables which are known to be 
uncollectible are written off by reducing the carrying 
amount of trade receivable and the amount of the 
loss is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss 
within other expenses. Subsequent recoveries of 
amounts previously written off are credited to other 
Income Investment in equity instruments 
 Derecognition 
 A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a 
financial asset) is primarily derecognised when: 
(a) The rights to receive cash flows from the asset 
have expired, or 
(b)  the Company has transferred substantially all the 
risks and rewards of the asset, or 
(c)  the Company has neither transferred nor 
retained substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, but has transferred control of the asset. 
 Financial liabilities and equity instruments
 Classification as debt or equity
 Debt and equity instruments issued by the Company 
are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity 
in accordance with the substance of the contractual 
arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability 
and an equity instrument. 
a.  Equity instruments 
 An equity instrument is any contract that 
evidences a residual interest in the assets of 
an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. 
Equity instruments issued by the company are 
recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct 
issue costs. Repurchase of the Company’s own 
equity instruments is recognised and deducted 
directly in equity. No gain or loss is recognised in 
the statement of profit and loss on the purchase, 
sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own 
equity instruments
b.  Financial Liabilities 
 Classification 
 The Company classifies all financial liabilities 
measured at amortised cost. 
 Initial recognition and measurement 
 At initial recognition, all financial liabilities other 
than fair valued through profit and loss are 
recognised initially at fair value less transaction 
costs that are attributable to the issue of financial 
liability. T ransaction costs of financial liability 
carried at fair value through profit or loss is 
expensed in profit or loss.
 After initial recognition, financial liabilities are 
subsequently measured at amortized cost using 
the effective interest rate (EIR) method. Gains 
and losses are recognized in Statement of Profit 
and Loss when the liabilities are derecognized 
as well as through the EIR amortization process 
Amortized cost is calculated by taking into 
account any discount or premium on acquisition 
and fees or costs that are an integral part of the 
EIR. The EIR amortization is included as finance 
costs in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 The Company’s financial liabilities mainly 
comprise: 
•  Non-current financial liabilities mainly 
consist Lease Liability, Deferred Guarantee 
Income and Ind AS Security Deposits.
 •  Current financial liabilities mainly consist of 
trade payables, security deposit received, 
Deferred Guarantee Income, lease liabilities 
and other staff related payables.
 Trade Payables 
 This amount represents liabilities for goods and 
services provided to the Company prior to the end 
of financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are 
unsecured and are usually paid within 90 days of 
recognition. T rade and other payables are presented 
as current liabilities unless payment is not due 
within 12 months after the reporting period. They 
are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently 
measured at amortised cost using EIR method. 
 Derecognition 
[[PAGE 163]]
158 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation 
under the liability is discharged or cancelled or 
expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced 
by another from the same lender on substantially 
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability 
are substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as the derecognition of the 
original liability and the recognition of a new liability. 
The difference in the respective carrying amounts is 
recognised in the standalone statement of profit and 
loss.
 Impairment of financial assets 
 Loss allowance for expected credit losses is recognised 
for financial assets measured at amortised cost and 
fair value through other comprehensive income. 
 For financial assets (apart from trade receivables that 
do not constitute of financing transaction) whose 
credit risk has not significantly increased since initial 
recognition, loss allowance equal to twelve months 
expected credit losses is recognised. Loss allowance 
equal to the lifetime expected credit losses is 
recognised if the credit risk of the financial asset has 
significantly increased since initial recognition.
 Offsetting of financial instruments 
 Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset 
and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet 
if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset 
the recognised amounts and there is an intention to 
settle them on a net basis or to realise the assets and 
settle the liabilities simultaneously
 Financial Guarantee Contracts
 Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Company 
are those contracts that require a payment to be made 
to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the 
specified debtor fails to make a payment when due 
in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. 
Financial guarantee contracts are recognised initially 
as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction 
costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of 
the guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is measured 
at the higher of the amount of loss allowance 
determined as per impairment requirements of Ind 
AS 109 and the amount recognised less cumulative 
amortisation. 
 In case of Financial guarantee given by the company 
to third party on behalf of its wholly own subsidiary 
without taking any sum or consideration (Non-
funded financial guarantee) from its subsidiary/ies, 
present value of notional interest on such guarantee 
amount is debited to the respective investment of its 
subsidiary/is and recognized the income on deferred 
basis periodically.
(l)  Cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet 
comprise cash at banks and on hand, deposits held 
at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid 
investments with original maturities of three months 
or less that are readily convertible to a known amount 
of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of 
changes in value and are held for the purpose of 
meeting short-term cash commitments. 
 For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash 
and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term 
deposits, as defined above. 
(m)   Foreign currency reinstatement 
a)  Functional and presentation currency 
 Standalone financial statements have been 
presented in Indian Rupees (Rs.), which is the 
Company’s functional and presentation currency. 
b)  Transactions and balances
 T ransactions in foreign currencies are initially 
recorded by the Company at rates prevailing at 
the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange 
gains and losses resulting from the settlement 
of such transactions and from the translation 
of monetary assets and liabilities denominated 
in foreign currencies at the year-end exchange 
rates are recognised in statement of profit and 
loss.
 Exchange gain and loss on debtors, creditors and 
other than financing activities are presented in 
the statement of profit and loss, as other income 
and as other expenses respectively. Foreign 
exchange gain and losses on financing activities 
to the extent that they are regarded as an 
adjustment to interest costs are presented in the 
statement of profit and loss as finance cost and 
balance gain and loss are presented in statement 
[[PAGE 164]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 159 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
of profit and loss as other income and as other 
expenses respectively. 
 Non-monetary items that are measured in 
terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are 
translated using the exchange rates at the dates 
of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items 
measured at fair value in a foreign currency are 
translated using the exchange rates at the date 
when the fair value is determined. The gain or 
loss arising on translation of non-monetary items 
measured at fair value is treated in line with the 
recognition of the gain or loss on the change in fair 
value of the item (i.e., translation differences on 
items whose fair value gain or loss is recognised 
in OCI or profit or loss are also recognised in OCI 
or profit or loss, respectively). 
(n)  Fair value measurement 
 The Company’s accounting policies and disclosures 
require the measurement of fair values for financial 
assets and liabilities. 
 The Company has an established control framework 
with respect to the measurement of fair values. 
The management regularly reviews significant 
unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. 
 The Company measures financial instruments at 
fair value at each balance sheet date. The Company 
determines fair value based on the price that would be 
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in 
an orderly transaction between market participants at 
the measurement date.
 When measuring the fair value of a financial asset or a 
financial liability, the Company uses observable market 
data as far as possible. Fair values are categorised into 
different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the 
inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows:
 Level 1: It includes fair value of financial instruments 
traded in active markets and are based on quoted 
market prices at the balance sheet date like mutual 
funds. The mutual funds are valued using the closing 
net assets value (NAV) as at the balance sheet date.
 Level 2: : It includes fair value of the financial 
instruments that are not traded in an active market like 
over-the-counter derivatives, which is valued by using 
valuation techniques. These valuation techniques 
maximise the use of observable market data where 
it is available and rely as little as possible on the 
company specific estimates. If all significant inputs 
required to fair value an instrument are observable 
then instrument is included in level 2.
 Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are 
not based on observable market data (that is, 
unobservable inputs). If one or more of the significant 
inputs is not based on observable market data, the 
instrument is included in level 3. 
 External valuers are involved for valuation of 
significant assets, such as financial assets and 
significant liabilities. Involvement of external valuers 
is decided upon annually by the management. 
The management decided, after discussions with 
the Company’s external valuers which valuation 
techniques and inputs to use for each case. 
 At each reporting date, the Company analyses the 
movements in the values of assets and liabilities which 
are required to be re-measured or re-assessed as per 
the Company’s accounting policies. For this analysis, 
the Company verifies the major inputs applied in the 
latest valuation by agreeing the information in the 
valuation computation to contracts and other relevant 
documents. 
 For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company 
has determined classes of assets and liabilities on 
the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of 
the asset or liability and the level of the fair value 
hierarchy as explained above.  
 This note summarises accounting policy for fair value. 
Other fair value related disclosures are given in the 
relevant notes. 
(o)  Revenue recognition 
(i)  Shared services -Revenues from services are 
recognized over the period of the contract as 
and when services are rendered. The company 
collects GST on behalf of the government and, 
therefore, it is not an economic benefit flowing to 
the company. Hence, it is excluded from revenue.
The Company considers in determining the transaction 
price for the sale of services, whether there are 
other promises in the contract that are separate 
performance obligation to which a portion of 
transaction price needs to be allocated. 
[[PAGE 165]]
160 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
(ii) Interest income: Interest income from a financial 
asset is recognised when it is probable that the 
economic benefits will flow to the Company and 
the amount of income can be measured reliably. 
Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by 
reference to the principal outstanding and at 
the effective interest rate applicable. For all debt 
instruments measured at amortised cost, interest 
income is recorded using the effective interest 
rate (EIR). EIR is the rate that exactly discounts 
the estimated future cash payments or receipts 
over the expected life of the financial instrument 
or a shorter period, where appropriate, to the 
gross carrying amount of the financial asset or 
to the amortised cost of a financial liability. The 
expected credit losses are considered if the credit 
risk on that financial instrument has increased 
significantly since initial recognition. Interest 
income is included in finance income in the 
statement of profit and loss. 
(iii) Gain on sale of investments: On disposal of an 
investment, the difference between the carrying 
amount and net disposal proceeds is recognised 
to the profit and loss statement. 
 Contract balances
 Trade receivables
 A receivable represents the Company’s right to 
an amount of consideration that is unconditional 
(i.e., only the passage of time is required before 
payment of the consideration is due). Refer to 
accounting policies of financial assets for further 
reference. 
 Contract liabilities
 A contract liability is the obligation to transfer 
goods or services to a customer for which 
the Company has received consideration (or 
an amount of consideration is due) from the 
customer. If a customer pays consideration 
before the Company transfers goods or services 
to the customer, a contract liability is recognised 
when the payment is made or the payment is 
due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities 
are recognised as revenue when the Company 
performs under the contract. 
(p)  T ax Expense 
 T ax expense comprises current tax, Income tax 
adjustment related to earlier years and deferred tax.
 It is recognised in the standalone statement of 
profit and loss except to the extent that it relates to 
items recognised directly in equity or in OCI. Any 
subsequent change in direct tax on items initially 
recognised in equity or other comprehensive income 
is also recognised in equity or other comprehensive 
income, such change could be for change in tax rate. 
 Current tax and Income tax adjustment related to 
earlier years
 Income tax expenses or credit for the period 
comprises of tax payable on the current period’s 
taxable income based on the applicable income tax 
rate, the changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities 
attributable to temporary differences and previous 
year tax adjustments. 
 The income tax charge or credit including Income 
tax adjustment related to earlier years is calculated 
on the basis of the tax law enacted after considering 
allowances, exemptions and unused tax losses under 
the provisions of the applicable Income T ax Laws. 
Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are off 
set, and presented as net.
 Any tax adjustment relating to previous years on 
account of excess income tax refund/ short provision 
is shown as a separate line item on the face of 
Statement of Profit and Loss account under the T ax 
expense as “Income tax adjustment related to earlier 
years”.  
 Deferred tax
 Deferred tax is recognised, using the liability method, 
on temporary differences arising between the tax base 
of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in 
the financial statements. Deferred tax is determined 
using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or 
substantially enacted by the end of the reporting 
period and are expected to apply when the related 
deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred 
income tax liability is settled. 
(i) Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all 
taxable temporary differences and deferred 
tax assets are recognised for all deductible 
temporary differences and unused tax losses 
only if it is probable that future taxable amounts 
will be available to utilise those temporary 
differences.
(ii)  Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused 
tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible 
temporary differences to the extent there is 
[[PAGE 166]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 161 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
convincing evidence that sufficient taxable profit 
will be available against which such deferred tax 
asset can be realised. 
(iii) Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting 
date and are reduced to the extent that it is no 
longer probable that the related tax benefit will 
be realised; such reductions are reversed when 
the probability of future taxable profits improves. 
Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed 
at each reporting date and recognised to the 
extent that it has become probable that future 
taxable profits will be available against which 
they can be used.
(iv) Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are 
offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off 
current tax assets against current tax liabilities 
and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable 
entity and the same taxation authority. 
 Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside 
profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss 
(either in other comprehensive income or in equity). 
Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to 
the underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in 
equity. 
(q)  Earnings per share 
 Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the 
net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders (after deducting preference dividends 
and attributable taxes, if any) by the weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during 
the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed 
using the net profit for the year attributable to the 
shareholder and weighted average number of equity 
and potential equity shares outstanding during the 
year including share options, if any, except where the 
result would be anti-dilutive. 
 Potential equity shares that are converted during the 
year are included in the calculation of diluted earnings 
per share, from the beginning of the year or date of 
issuance of such potential equity shares, to the date 
of conversion.
 If potential equity shares converted into equity shares 
increases the earnings per share, then they are treated 
as anti-dilutive and anti-dilutive earning per share is 
computed.
 Share-based payments
 Certain employees of the Group receive remuneration 
in the form of share based payment transaction 
also, where by employees render services as a 
consideration for equity instruments (equity- settled 
transactions).
 Equity-settled transactions
 The cost of equity-settled transactions is determined 
by the fair value at the date when the grant is made 
using an appropriate valuation model.
 That cost is recognized, together with a corresponding 
increase in share-based payment (SBP) reserves in 
equity, over the period in which the performance and/
or service conditions are fulfilled in employee benefits 
expense. The cumulative expense recognized for 
equity-settled transactions at each reporting date 
until the vesting date reflects the extent to which 
the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best 
estimate of the number of equity instruments that 
will ultimately vest. The statement of profit and 
loss expense or credit for a period represents the 
movement in cumulative expense recognized as at 
the beginning and end of that period and is recognized 
in employee benefits expense.
 Service and non-market performance conditions are 
not taken into account when determining the grant 
date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the 
conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s 
best estimate of the number of equity instruments that 
will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions 
are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any 
other conditions attached to an award, but without 
an associated service requirement, are considered 
to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions 
are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to 
an immediate expensing of an award unless there are 
also service and/ or performance conditions.
 No expense is recognized for awards that do not 
ultimately vest because non-market performance 
and/ or service conditions have not been met. Where 
awards include a market or non-vesting condition, 
the transactions are treated as vested irrespective 
of whether the market or non-vesting condition is 
satisfied, provided that all other performance and/ or 
service conditions are satisfied.
 When the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, 
the minimum expense recognized is the expense had 
the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of 
the award are met. An additional expense is recognized 
for any modification that increases the total fair value of 
the share-based payment transaction, or is otherwise 
beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of 
modification. Where an award is cancelled by the entity 
[[PAGE 167]]
162 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
or by the counterparty, any remaining element of the 
fair value of the award is expensed immediately through 
profit or loss.
 The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected 
as additional share dilution in the computation of 
diluted earnings per share.
(r)  Events after reporting date 
 Where events occurring after the balance sheet date 
provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end 
of the reporting period, the impact of such events is 
adjusted with the standalone financial statements. 
Otherwise, events after the balance sheet date of 
material size or nature are only disclosed.
(s) Investment in Subsidiaries 
 A subsidiary is an entity controlled by the Company. 
Control exists when the Company has power over the 
entity, is exposed, or has rights to variable returns 
from its involvement with the entity and has the 
ability to affect those returns by using its power over 
entity. Power is demonstrated through existing rights 
that give the ability to direct relevant activities, those 
which significantly affect the entity’s returns.
 Investments in equity shares of subsidiaries are 
recorded at cost and reviewed for impairment at each 
reporting date. Where an indication of impairment 
exists, the carrying amount of the investment is 
assessed and written down immediately to its 
recoverable amount. 
 On disposal of investments in subsidiaries, the 
difference between net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amounts are recognized in the Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
(t)  Goods and services tax input credit 
 Input tax credit is accounted for in the books in the 
period in which the underlying goods or service or 
both are procured or received.
(u)  Non-current assets held for sale 
 Non-current assets are classified as held for sale if 
their carrying amount will be recovered principally 
through a sale transaction rather than through 
continuing use. This condition is regarded as met only 
when the asset is available for immediate sale in its 
present condition subject only to terms that are usual 
and customary for sales of such asset and its sale is 
highly probable. Management must be committed 
to the sale, which should be expected to qualify for 
recognition as a completed sale within one year 
from the date of classification. Non-current assets 
classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of 
their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell
(v)  Segment Reporting
 As per Ind AS-108 ‘Operating Segments’, if a financial 
report contains both the consolidated financial 
statements of a holding company that is within the 
scope of Ind AS-108 as well as the holding company’s 
separate financial statements, segment information is 
required only in the consolidated financial statements. 
Accordingly, information required to be presented 
under Ind AS-108 Operating Segments has been 
given in the consolidated financial statements. 
(w)  Cash Flow Statement 
 Cash flows are reported using indirect method, 
whereby Profit/(loss) after tax reported under 
Statement of Profit and loss is adjusted for the effects 
of transactions of non-cash nature and any deferrals or 
accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments. 
The cash flows from operating, investing and financing 
activities of the Company are segregated based on 
available information.
(x)  Standards issued but not yet effective
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standards or amendments to the existing standards 
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules as issued from time to time. For the year ended 
March 31, 2025, MCA has notified Ind AS – 117 
Insurance Contracts and amendments to Ind AS 116 
– Leases, relating to sale and leaseback transactions, 
applicable to the Company w.e.f. April 1, 2024. The 
Company has reviewed the new pronouncements and 
based on its evaluation has determined that it does not 
have any significant impact in its financial statements.
[[PAGE 168]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 163 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
3.  PROPERTY , PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Building Furniture 
& 
Fixtures
Vehicles Office 
equipments
Computers 
and data 
processing 
units
Leasehold 
Improvements
T otal
 Gross Block 
 As at April 1, 2023 3,058.89 2.32 173.33 16.15 89.12 - 3,339.81
 Additions - 53.94 13.68 0.25 1.06 - 68.93
 Deletion - - 11.06 1.23 0.05 - 12.34
 As at March 31, 2024 3,058.89 56.26 175.95 15.17 90.13 - 3,396.40
 Additions - 7. 31 19.15 15.88 3.32 145.75 191.41
 Reclassify to Non current 
asset classified as held for 
sale(Note-12) 
3,058.89 42.98 - - - - 3,101.87
 Assets Written Off - 0.25 - 3.15 47.14 - 50.54
 Deletion - - 7. 31 0.95 1.36 - 9.62
 As at March 31, 2025 - 20.34 187.79 26.95 44.95 145.75 425.78
 Accumulated depreciation 
 As at April 1, 2023 178.49 0.49 58.41 6.77 67.72 - 311.88
 Charge for the year 48.58 1.81 31.28 2.83 9.21 - 93.71
 Deletion - - 10.25 0.96 - - 11.21
 As at March 31, 2024 227.07 2.30 79.44 8.64 76.93 - 394.38
 Charge for the year 36.37 7.70 33.82 4.16 5.57 14.55 102.15
 Reclassify to Non current 
asset classified as held for 
sale(Note-12) 
263.44 5.86 - - - - 269.30
 Assets written Off - 0.24 - 3.00 44.78 - 48.02
 Deletion - - 6.95 0.71 0.92 - 8.58
 As at March 31, 2025 - 3.89 106.31 9.09 36.79 14.55 170.63
 Net block 
 As at March 31, 2024 2,831.82 53.96 96.51 6.53 13.20 - 3,002.02
 As at March 31, 2025 - 16.44 81.48 17.86 8.16 131.21 255.15
Note: During the financial year 2024-25, the Company incurred expenditure towards leasehold improvements on properties 
that were taken on lease and  recognized as Right-of-Use (ROU) assets in the financial year 2023-24. (Refer Note-3a).
3a. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
 Right-of-use assets  T otal 
Gross carrying value
 As at April 1, 2023 98.95 98.95
Additions 512.15 512.15
Disposals - -
 As at March 31, 2024 611.10 611.10
Additions - -
Disposals - -
 As at March 31, 2025 611.10 611.10
Accumulated depreciation 
As at April 1, 2023 19.23 19.23
Depreciation expense 59.99 59.99
Disposals - -
As at March 31, 2024 79.22 79.22
Depreciation expense 89.01 89.01
Disposals - -
As at March 31, 2025 168.23 168.23
As at March 31, 2024 531.88 531.88
As at March 31, 2025 442.87 442.87
[[PAGE 169]]
164 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Max India Limited in the earlier years had entered into an agreement wherein it has taken a freehold property on lease. The 
said agreement was renewed in FY 2022-23 for a period of 3 years. Addition in ROU in the FY 2023-24 represents the Lease 
obligation on account of new Lease agreement for Gurugram office. This is being classified as finance lease in terms of Ind AS 
116. Accordingly, the Company recognised Right -of-use Assets and lease liability at the lease commencement date.
3b.  INVESTMENT PROPERTY (AT COST)
Investment 
Property
T otal 
 As at April 1, 2023 7,229.86 7,229.86
Additions 61.68 61.68
Deletion - -
 As at March 31, 2024 7,291.54 7,291.54
Additions - -
Reclassified to Non current asset classified as held for sale (Note-12) 7,291.54 7,291.54
Deletion - -
 As at March 31, 2025 - -
Accumulated Depreciation 
 As at April 1, 2023 414.45 414.45
Depreciation charge for the year 114.52 114.52
Deletion - -
As at March 31, 2024 528.97 528.97
Depreciation charge for the year 86.69 86.69
Reclassified to Non current asset classified as held for sale (Note-12) 615.66 615.66
Deletion - -
As at March 31, 2025 - -
Net block
As at March 31, 2024 6,762.57 6,762.57
As at March 31, 2025 - -
(i)  Investment property consists of two independent floors (L19 and L20) at Max T ower (Commercial building), Noida, U.P. 
The investment properties are being depreciated equally over its estimated useful life considered as 60 years. 
ii)  Additions in Investment property during FY 2023-24 include furnishing, renovation pertaining to L-20 property amounting 
to Rs. 61.68 lakhs for the purpose of letting out to other entities.
iii)  During the year, Company has reclassified Investment property to “Non current asset classified as held for sale” after 
approval of Board of directors pursuant to resolution dated December 23, 2024 . (Refer note -12) 
[[PAGE 170]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 165 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 (i)   Amount recognized in statements of profit and loss for Investment Properties:
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Rental income 561.47 523.46
Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance) from 
property that generated rental income during the year
- -
Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance) from 
property that did not generate rental income during the year 
- 9.95
Profit/(loss) from investment properties before depreciation 561.47 513.51
Depreciation 86.69 114.52
Profit/ (loss) from investment properties 474.78 398.99
(ii)   Contractual obligation: 
  There is no contractual obligations at reporting date to purchase, construct or develop the investment property or for its 
repair, maintenance or enhancements. 
 (iii)   Leasing arrangements: 
   Minimum lease receivable under non-cancellable operating leases of investment properties are as follows, if any:
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Within one year 48.98 542.95
Later than one year but not later than 3 years - 1,027.31
Later than 3 years - 1,037. 26
 T otal 48.98 2,607.52
(iv)   Restriction on realisability, remittance of income and proceed of disposal of investment property: 
  There is no restriction on realisability, remittance of income and proceed of disposal of recognised investment property. 
 (v)   Fair Value: 
 The Company has not carried out a fair valuation of its investment properties as at March 31, 2025, since these properties 
have been reclassified as “Non current assets classified as held for sale” in the FY 2024-25 pursuant to the Board Resolution 
dated December 23, 2024.
 However, the Company has considered the valuation report dated May 23, 2024, issued by an external, independent 
valuer possessing appropriate recognised professional qualifications and relevant experience in the location and category 
of the properties. As per the said valuation report, the fair value of the investment properties was assessed at Rs. 6,550.00 
lakhs, determined using discounted cash flow projections based on reliable estimates of future cash flows, factoring in 
rental growth assumptions of 15% every three years.
[[PAGE 171]]
166 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
4.  CURRENT INVESTMENTS
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Mutual Fund (valued at fair value through profit or loss unless otherwise 
stated 
Unquoted Mutual Funds 
Axis Money Market Fund -Direct Plan Growth
Nil (March 31, 2024: 42,771) units of Rs 1,000 each fully paid - 561.15
Aditya Birla Sun Life Money Manager Fund - Growth - Direct Plan
1,25,935 (March 31, 2024: 468,730) units of Rs 100 each fully paid 463.02 1,597.39
Bandhan Money Manager Fund - Direct Plan
8,19,353 (March 31, 2024: Nil) units of Rs 10 each fully paid 350.69 -
HDFC Money Market Fund - Direct Plan - Growth Option
6,134 (March 31, 2024: 20,003) units of Rs 1000 each fully paid 350.70 1,060.17
ICICI Prudential Money Market Fund Option - Direct Plan - Growth
93,120 (March 31, 2024: 20,191) units of Rs 100 each fully paid 350.75 70.51
Nippon India Money Market Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
1,699 (March 31, 2024: 16,511) units of Rs 1,000 each fully paid 70.03 630.94
T ata Money Market Fund- Direct Plan- Growth Option
9,844 (March 31, 2024: Nil) units of Rs 1,000 each fully paid 464.27 -
 T otal 2,049.46 3,920.16
 Aggregate amount of unquoted investments 2,049.46 3,920.16
 Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments - -
5.  INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 A. Investment Carried at cost 
 (i) Investments in unquoted equity instruments of subsidiary companies 
 Antara Senior Living Limited 
 15,27,14,170 (March 31, 2024: 14,70,64,170) shares of INR 10/- each fully 
paid-up 
 15,271.42  14,706.42 
 Antara Assisted Care Services Limited 
 1,30,00,000 (March 31, 2024: 1,30,00,000) shares of INR 10/- each fully 
paid-up 
 1,300.00  1,300.00 
 Max UK Limited 
 2,99,742 (March 31, 2024: 299,742) shares of GBP 1/- each fully paid-up  213.00  213.00 
 Less: Impairment allowance  (213.00)  (213.00)
 Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited (Formerly Max Ateev Limited) 
(note c below)
 Nil (March 31, 2024: 40,393,600) shares of INR 10/- each fully paid-up  -  4,039.36 
 Less: Impairment allowance  -  (3,934.95)
 Max Skill First Limited 
 96,95,000 (March 31, 2024: 96,95,000) shares of INR 10/- each fully paid-
up 
 1,022.87  1,022.87 
 Less: Impairment allowance  (1,022.87)  (1,022.87)
 (ii) Investment in compulsorily convertible preference shares (in nature of 
equity) (note a below) 
[[PAGE 172]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 167 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 Antara Senior Living Limited 
 4,05,65,000 (March 31, 2024: 4,08,30,000) Zero Coupon Compulsorily 
Convertible Preference shares of INR 100/- each fully paid-up 
 40,565.00  40,830.00 
 Less: Impairment allowance  (15,000.00)  (15,000.00)
 Antara Assisted Care Services Limited 
 3,27,00,000 (March 31, 2024: 1,55,50,000) Zero Coupon Compulsorily 
Convertible Preference shares of INR 100/- each fully paid-up 
 32,700.00  15,550.00 
 B. Additional investments 
 Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited (Bank Guarantee)  470.34  470.34 
 Antara Senior Living Limited (ESOPs) (note b below)  497.84  372.82 
 Antara Purukul Living Limited (ESOPs) (note b below)  32.33  14.56 
 Antara Senior Living Limited (Bank Guarantee)  24.45  24.45 
T otal  75,861.38  58,373.00 
 Aggregate amount of unquoted investments  92,097.25  78,543.82 
 Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investment  (16,235.87)  (20,170.82)
a)  T erms of Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (‘CCPS’) - 1 CCPS to be converted into 10 equity shares at any 
time within the tenor of 10 years from the date of issue at the option of the shareholder at par value. In case, the Investee 
Company decides to go for an IPO or any corporate action including issuance of equity on preferential basis, rights or a 
bonus issue, the shareholder shall have the right for early/ prior conversion. 
 During the financial year 2024–25, the Company’s investment in 5,65,000 Zero Coupon Compulsory Convertible 
Preference Shares (CCPS) of face value Rs. 100 each in Antara Senior Living Limited was converted into 56,50,000 equity 
shares of face value Rs. 10 each.In the previous financial year 2023–24, 92,20,000 Zero Coupon CCPS of₹Rs. 100 each 
held in Antara Senior Living Limited were converted into 9,22,00,000 equity shares of₹Rs. 10 each.
b)  During the financial year 2020-21, the Company adopted ‘Max India Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (ESOP 
Plan)’.Pursuant to which stock options have been granted to the employees of the company and its subsidiaries Antara 
Senior Living Ltd. and Antara Purukul Senior Living Ltd. The accounting treatment of stock options provided to employees 
of subsidiary company has been treated as Additional Investment in the Subsidiary Company as per ‘Ind AS 102 Share 
based payment.’ 
c)  During the year 2024-25, Company entered into a Share Sale and Purchase Agreement dated June 01, 2024, with Antara 
Senior Living Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary company w.r.t divestment of its entire stake in Antara Bangalore Senior 
Living Limited (Formerly “Max Ateev Limited”) for consideration of Rs. 109.06 lakhs effective from June 1,2024.
 d)  (i)  Investment in Subsidiaries of Rs.75,861.38 Lakhs (FY 2023-24 : Rs.58,373.00) is recorded at cost net of provision 
for impairment as at 31st March 2025. The Company has evaluated the carrying value/fair value calculations of 
investment in subsidiaries, where applicable, to determine whether the valuations performed by the Company were 
within an acceptable range determined by us. 
(ii)  In terms of Ind AS 36, Impairment of Assets, during the FY 2023-24, the Company has impaired the investment 
in equity shares held in Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited (Formerly Max Ateev Limited) and provided for 
impairment of Rs.790.59 lakhs to bring down the investment equivalent to carrying value of Antara Bangalore Senior 
Living Limited (Formerly Max Ateev Limited).
[[PAGE 173]]
168 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 6.  LOANS (CURRENT)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 Loans at amortised cost 
Loans to employees - unsecured, considered good  -  2.78 
Loans to related parties - considered good (Refer Note No. 36C)*  -  3,300.00 
Loans to related parties - considered doubtful (Refer Note No. 36C)  1,416.34  1,466.34 
Less: Impairment loss allowance  (1,416.34)  (1,416.34)
 -  3,352.78 
 Interest accrued on deposit - unsecured, considered good (Refer Note No. 
36C) 
 -  38.63 
T otal  -  3,391.41 
 All the Loan Receivables considered good & doubtful are Unsecured
 *Loan given to Antara Senior Living Limited (ASLL) at an interest rate of external secured borrowing rate plus 0.50% or rate as 
shall be determined and notified by the Company. This loan is repayable on demand and which was fully received back during the 
year.
  The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions. 
 7.  OTHER ASSETS (NON CURRENT)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good 
 Capital advances  -  63.63 
 Deposit Under Protest-Income T ax  29.00  - 
T otal  29.00  63.63 
7a.  OTHER ASSETS - CURRENT
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good 
 Prepaid expenses  56.12  54.00 
 Balance with statutory / government authorities  95.53  66.86 
 Other advances  0.24  0.25 
T otal  151.89  121.11 
8.  TRADE RECEIVABLES
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 T rade receivable - Unsecured, considered good  88.35  16.75 
 T otal  88.35  16.75 
 Break-up for trade receivables: 
 Secured, considered good  -  - 
 Unsecured, considered good  88.35  16.75 
 T rade Receivables which have significant increase in credit Risk  -  - 
 T rade Receivables - credit impaired  -  - 
 T otal  88.35  16.75 
 Less: Allowance for impairment loss on credit impaired trade receivables  -  - 
 T otal trade receivables  88.35  16.75 
[[PAGE 174]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 169 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Note-
(i)  T rade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally receivables on terms of 90 days. 
(ii)  The company applies expected credit loss method for impairment of trade receivables as per Ind AS- 109 “Financial 
Instruments”.
(iii) T rade receivables include amounts due from related parties. (Refer Note No. 36).
(iv)  For trade receivables ageing, refer note no. 44.
(v)  For explanation on the company credit risk management process, refer note no. 39.
(vi)  The Management expects no default in receipt of trade receivables, hence no ECL has been recognised on trade receivables 
 9.  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 Balances with banks: 
 – On current accounts  20.43  19.73 
 Cash on hand  0.36  0.36 
T otal  20.79  20.09 
9a. BANK BALANCES OTHER THAN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 – Deposits with original maturity of more than 3 months but less than 12 
months 
 -  7,344.41 
T otal  -  7,344.41 
 For the purpose of the statement of cash flow, cash and cash equivalents comprise the following:
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 Cash and Cash Equivalents as per balance sheet  20.79  20.09 
T otal  20.79  20.09 
10a. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (NON CURRENT)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 Security deposit  20.52  19.45 
 T otal  20.52  19.45 
10b. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (CURRENT)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 Other receivables  56.26  40.15 
 Deposits with original maturity of 12 months  -  3,539.54 
 Interest accrued  -  117.48 
 T otal  56.26  3,697.17 
 
[[PAGE 175]]
170 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Break up of financial assets at amortised cost
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Current financial assets
T rade receivables (refer note 8)  88.35  16.75 
Loans (refer note 6)  -  3,391.41 
Cash and cash equivalents (refer note 9)  20.79  20.09 
Other financial assets (refer note 10b)  56.26  3,697.17 
 165.40  7,125.42 
11a. NON CURRENT TAX ASSETS (NET)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Advance income tax (net of provisions)  110.63  151.15 
T otal  110.63  151.15 
11b. CURRENT TAX ASSETS (NET)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Advance income tax (net of provisions)  -  697.02 
T otal  -  697.02 
12.  NON CURRENT ASSET CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Invetment Property  6,675.88  - 
Furniture & Fixture (PPE)  37.12  - 
Building (PPE)  2,795.45  - 
 9,508.45  - 
 Note :During the financial year 2024–25, the Board of Directors of the Company, based on the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee on December 23, 2024, approved the sale of three floors—Level 19, Level 20, and Level 20M—owned by the 
Company in Max T owers, Sector 16-B, Noida. The total area of the said properties, including associated car parking spaces and 
embedded fixtures and fittings, aggregates to 60,561 square feet. The sale was proposed to be made to Max T owers Private 
Limited (MTPL), a subsidiary of Max Estates Limited, a listed company forming part of the same promoter group after seeking 
necessary approvals. The total consideration for the transaction is Rs 10,508.00 lakhs. An advance of Rs 525.40 lakhs was 
received from MTPL on March 18, 2025. The sale agreement was executed on May 9, 2025, and all necessary sale-related 
compliances were completed in the subsequent financial year 2025–26.
 Pursuant to this approval, the relevant assets were reclassified from Property, Plant and Equipment and Investment Property 
to “Non current assets classified as held for sale” in accordance with Ind AS 105 – Non-current Assets Held for Sale and 
Discontinued Operations, as the conditions for classification under Ind AS 105 were met as of December 31, 2024.
 The reclassified assets are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. No impairment loss 
was recognized on reclassification.
[[PAGE 176]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 171 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
13.  EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
 Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 Authorised shares 
 6,00,50,000 (March 31, 2024: 6,00,50,000) equity shares of INR 10 each  6,005.00  6,005.00 
 Issued, subscribed and fully paid equity capital 
 4,35,89,333 (March 31, 2024: 4,31,70,768) equity shares of INR 10 each  4,358.93  4,317.08 
 T otal  4,358.93  4,317.08 
(i)  Reconciliation of issued, subscribed and fully paid up share capital as at year end
 Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
 No. of Shares  Amount  No. of Shares  Amount 
 Equity shares of Rs.10/- each share 
Opening Balance  4,31,70,768  4,317.08  4,30,29,009  4,302.90 
ESOP exercised during the year*  4,18,565  41.85  1,41,759  14.18 
 Closing balance  4,35,89,333  4,358.93  4,31,70,768  4,317.08 
 *During the FY 2024–25, the Company, with the approval of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, allotted 
4,18,565 (FY 2023-24 : 1,41,759)equity shares of Rs.10 each, fully paid-up, to eligible employees of the Company and its 
Subsidiary Companies. The allotment was made pursuant to the exercise of vested stock options under the Company’s 
ESOP Plan.
(ii)  T erms/rights attached to equity shares
 The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs. 10/- per share. Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share. The Company has not declared any dividend. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the 
holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential 
amounts, in proportion to their shareholding. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by 
the shareholders.
 (iii)  Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company -
 Name of the shareholder As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 No. of Shares  % of Holding  No. of Shares  % of Holding 
 Promotor Group: 
 Max Ventures Investment Holdings Private Limited  1,80,49,690  41.41  1,80,49,690  41.81 
 Siva Enterprises Private Limited  30,06,900  6.90  30,06,900  6.97 
 Non - Institutional 
 Body Corporate 
 Habrok India Master LP^  27,47,431  6.30  27,47,431  6.36 
 ^ Includes Cassini Partners LP fund and 238 Plan Associates LLC managed by Habrok Capital Management LLP 
 
[[PAGE 177]]
172 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
(iv)  Shares held by promoters at the end of the year  -
 Promotor name  No. of  Shares  %  Holding  % change  during 
the year 
 - Analjit Singh  872,357 2.00%  - 
 - Piya Singh  22,066 0.05%  - 
 - T ara Singh Vachani  20,000 0.05%  - 
 - Max Ventures Investment Holdings Private Limited  18,049,690 41.41%  - 
 - Siva Enterprises Private Limited  3,006,900 6.90%  - 
 - Neelu Analjit Singh^  20,000 0.05%  - 
 ^Applied for reclassification as public shareholder. 
(v)  Shares reserved for issue under options
 For details of shares reserved for issue under the employee stock option plan (ESOP) of the Company, please refer Note No. 31.
 (vi)  Aggregate number of share issued for consideration other than cash during the period of five years immediately 
preceding the reporting date 
 The Company issued and allotted 5,37,86,261 equity shares of Rs 10 each on June 22, 2020 to the shareholders of erstwhile 
Max India Limited as on the record date i.e. June 15, 2020 in exchange of 26,89,31,305 shares of Rs. 2 each being held by 
them in the erstwhile Max India.
14. OTHER EQUITY
As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Capital reserve (refer note a below)  90,280.09  90,280.09 
Securities premium (refer note b below)  1,026.05  639.04 
Employee stock options outstanding (refer note c below)  682.51  625.72 
Retained earnings (refer note d below)  (9,907.44)  (9,491.89)
Other Comprehensive Income (Refer Note No. e below)  40.19  28.58 
 82,121.40  82,081.54 
Notes:
a) Capital reserve 
Balance at the beginning of the year  90,280.09  90,280.09 
Less: Capital Reduction  -  - 
 90,280.09  90,280.09 
b) Securities premium 
At the beginning of the year  639.04  511.35 
Add: Premium on issue of equity shares during the year  387.01  127.69 
 1,026.05  639.04 
c) Employee stock options outstanding
At the beginning of the year  625.72  265.48 
Add: ESOP recognized during the year 230.91 434.16
Add: ESOP forfeited during the year  (23.84)  (25.51)
Less: transferred to securities premium on exercise of stock options  (150.28) (48.41)
 682.51  625.72 
d) Retained earnings
At the beginning of the year  (9,491.89)  (9,615.79)
Profit for the year  (415.55)  123.90 
 (9,907.44)  (9,491.89)
e) Other Comprehensive Income
Balance at the beginning of the year  28.58  36.44 
Add: Re-measurement of post employment benefit obligation (net of tax)  11.61  (7.86)
T otal  40.19  28.58 
 Nature and purpose of reserves
 Capital reserve
[[PAGE 178]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 173 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 The Company recognizes profit or loss on purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments, 
transfer on account of scheme of demerger and Fair valuation of ESOP to capital reserve. It can be utilised in accordance with 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time.
 Securities premium
 Securities premium is used to record premium received on issue of shares. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
 Employee stock options outstanding
 The employee stock options outstanding is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options issued to employees under 
Employee stock option plan.
  Other Comprehensive Income 
 The remeasurement gains/loss on defined benefit plans and income tax effect thereon is recognised in of Other Comprehensive 
Income.
15a. LEASE LIABILITY - NON CURRENT
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 At amortised cost 
Lease liability  445.89  490.19 
T otal  445.89  490.19 
15b.  LEASE LIABILITY - CURRENT
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 At amortised cost 
Lease liability  44.45  59.99 
T otal  44.45  59.99 
 Change in liability arising from financing activities
 Particulars Lease liability 
31.03.2025
Lease liability 
31.03.2024
 Opening balance  550.18  79.24 
 Statement of profit and loss impact  56.97  34.77 
 Addition to Lease -  512.15 
 Cash flow impact  116.81  75.98 
 Closing balance  490.34  550.18 
16a. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - NON CURRENT
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 At amortised cost 
Security deposit received  236.40  208.48 
Ind As Fair value adjustment of Security deposit received  68.05  92.82 
T otal  304.45  301.30 
[[PAGE 179]]
174 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
16b. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - CURRENT
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 At amortised cost 
Capital creditors  -  52.19 
Bonus Payable  1.75  1.75 
Retention Money  3.61  3.61 
NPS payable  -  0.28 
Payable to Employees  305.45  266.00 
T otal  310.81  323.83 
 Break-up of financial liabilities at amortised cost:
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Lease liability (Refer Note No. 15a & 15b)  490.34  550.18 
T rade payables (Refer Note No. 18)  91.23  101.63 
Other financial liabilities (Refer Note 16a and 16b)  615.26  625.13 
T otal  1,196.83  1,276.94 
Current  446.49  485.45 
Non-current  750.34  791.49 
T otal  1,196.83  1,276.94 
 T erms and conditions of the above financial liabilities:
 - Other financial liabilities are non-interest bearing and are settled as per the terms agreed in the contract.
 - The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions.
 - For explanations on the company’s credit risk management processes, Refer Note No. 38B(b).
 17a. PROVISIONS - NON CURRENT
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Provision for employee benefits
 Provision for gratuity (refer note 30)  143.03  159.88 
 Provision for leave benefits  76.11  74.48 
T otal  219.14  234.36 
17b. PROVISIONS - CURRENT
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Provision for employee benefits
 Provision for gratuity (refer note 30)  1.49  4.60 
 Provision for leave benefits  13.80  8.21 
T otal  15.29  12.81 
[[PAGE 180]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 175 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 18. TRADE PAYABLES (CARRIED AT AMORTISED COST) 
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 Current 
 T otal outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises  0.64  6.55 
 T otal outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises 
 90.59  95.08 
T otal  91.23  101.63 
a)  Ageing of T rade payables is given in Note no. 43.
b)  Amount due to micro and small enterprises as defined in the “The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 
2006” has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the 
Company.
c) There is no Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise to which the Company owes dues, which are outstanding for more than 
45 days during the period April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025. This information as required to be disclosed under Micro, Small 
and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on 
the basis of information available with the Company.
 19.  OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
 Statutory Dues (GST, TDS Payable, PF, Pension Payable etc.)  54.65  74.88 
 Advance received towards Non current asset classified as held for Sale (Refer 
Note No. 12 for details) 
 525.40  - 
 T otal  580.05  74.88 
20. INCOME TAX
 The major components of income tax expense for the period end are:
 Statement of profit and loss:
 Profit or loss section
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Current income tax charge  -  23.01 
Income tax adjustment related to earlier years *  (15.89)  1.46 
Deferred tax:
Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences  (15.01)  16.57 
Income tax expense reported in the statement of profit or loss  (30.90)  41.04 
 Income tax adjustment related to earlier years*
 The tax adjustment is mainly on account of allowance of Demerger expenses and unabsorbed depreciation claimed in the 
Income T ax Returns of preceeding financial years
 OCI section
 Deferred tax related to items recognised in OCI during the year:
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Income tax charged to OCI  3.91  (2.65)
Income tax charged to OCI  3.91  (2.65)
 
[[PAGE 181]]
176 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by India’s domestic tax rate for March 31, 2025 and 
March 31, 2024:
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2025 
 As at 
March 31, 2024 
Accounting profit before income tax  (446.45)  164.94 
At India's Statutory T ax Rate 25.17% 25.17%
Computed T ax Expense  (112.36)  41.51 
Adjustments:
Income not considered for tax purpose (Permanent Differences)  -  1.99 
Expense not allowed for tax purpose (Permanent Differences)  8.35  12.25 
Carry Forward Losses(Net of gains set off) on which Deferred T ax is not 
created
 199.64  - 
Expenses allowed in current year on which deferred tax was not created  (1.06)  - 
Deductions in Income T ax but not in Books  (61.48)  (45.12)
T ax relating to earlier years  (15.89)  1.46 
Others  (44.19)  26.30 
At the effective income tax  (26.99)  38.39 
Income tax expense reported in the statement of profit and loss  (30.90)  41.04 
Income tax reported in OCI  3.91  (2.65)
 A deferred tax asset shall be recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable 
profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised. In the absence of probability of future 
taxable profit we have recognised deferred tax assets to the extent of deferred tax liability. Deferred tax liability is arisen on 
timing difference in the respective years.
 Deferred T ax:
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2025 
 As at 
March 31, 2024 
Deferred T ax Liability
Mark to Market on Mutual funds  (2.17)  (83.59)
On Account of ROU (net of Lease Liability)  11.95  4.61 
Security Deposit Received  (17.30)  (22.75)
Prepaid Expense  (14.12)  (0.47)
Difference in Companies Act & T ax Base of PPE  (236.70)  (198.58)
 (258.34)  (300.78)
Deferred T ax Asset
Ind AS deferred Revenue  17.13  23.36 
On Account of Leave Encashment  22.63  20.81 
On Account of Gratuity  36.37  41.39 
Security deposit paid  38.34  3.83 
Employee Stock Option Reserve  3.56  59.99 
Deductions available u/ s. 35DD  37.20  37.19 
 155.23  186.57 
Net Deferred T ax Assets/(Liabilities)  (103.11)  (114.21)
 
[[PAGE 182]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 177 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Reflected in the Balance Sheet as follows:
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Deferred tax assets  155.23  186.57 
Deferred tax liabilities  (258.34)  (300.78)
Deferred tax asset / (liabilities), net  (103.11)  (114.21)
 Movement in deferred tax balances:
Particulars Opening as on 
March 31 , 2024
Deferred tax 
origin / reversal 
during the year
Closing as on 
March 31, 2025
DTA / (DTL)
T ax Rate 25.17%  - 25.17%
Mark to Market on Mutual funds  (332.13)  (323.49)  (8.64)
On Account of ROU  18.32  (29.16)  47.48 
Security Deposit Received  (90.41)  (21.69)  (68.72)
Prepaid Expense  (1.88)  54.24  (56.12)
Difference in Companies Act & T ax Base of PPE  (789.04)  151.44  (940.48)
Deductions available u/ s. 35DD  147.80  0.00  147.80 
Ind As deferred Revenue  92.82  24.77  68.05 
On Account of Leave Encashment  82.69  (7.22)  89.91 
On Account of Gratuity  164.47  19.95  144.52 
Employee Stock option reserve  238.35  86.00  152.35 
Security deposit paid  15.21  1.05  14.16 
Movement in Assets / (Liability) at end of period  (453.80)  (44.12)  (409.68)
Deferred T ax  (114.21)  (11.10)  (103.11)
(i)  The Company offsets tax assets and liabilities if and only if it has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets 
and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities related to income taxes levied by the same 
tax authority
(ii)  Basis the Income T ax return filed by the Company upto FY 2023-24 and the self assessed business Loss for the FY 2024-
25, (after taking into account the carried forward Business losses of erstwhile Max India limited pursuant to the Composite 
Scheme) , the carried forward business losses stand at Rs 1633.79 (FY 2023-24 : Rs 578.75 lakhs ). The Company believes 
that it cannot reasonably determine the future tax liability against which these carried forward business losses can be set 
off and accordingly, no deferred tax asset has been recorded in current financial year.
(iii)  Basis the Income T ax return filed by the Company upto FY 2023-24 and the self-assessed Long-T erm Capital Gains 
adjusted with Long-T erm Capital Losses for the Financial Y ear 2024-25, (after taking into account the carried forward 
Long T erm Capital Losses of erstwhile Max India Limited pursuant to the Composite Scheme) , the carried forward Long-
T erm Capital Losses stand at Rs 22,847.39 lakhs (FY 2023-24 : Rs 23,518.59) pertaining to FY 2016-17 and FY 2019-20 
. The Company believes that it cannot reasonably determine the future tax liability against which these carried forward 
Long-T erm Capital Losses can be set off and accordingly, no deferred tax asset has been recorded in current financial year 
and preceeding financial year.
(iv)  The aggregate amount of impairment in value of investment in subsidiaries as on March 31, 2025 is Rs.16,235.87 lakhs 
(March 31, 2024-Rs. 20,170.82 lakhs). The amount of impairment is not taken into account for the purposes of creating 
deferred tax asset due to uncertainty over recovery in the value of investments.
[[PAGE 183]]
178 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
21.  REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
 Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 (a) Revenue from contract with customers 
 Rendering of functional support services  155.00  699.75 
 (b) Other operating revenue 
 Interest income on : 
 Loan to subsidiary company (refer note 36B)  330.58  43.74 
 Fixed deposits  423.09  1,428.62 
 Profit on sale of current investments  181.41  312.36 
 Fair value gain on mutual funds  8.64  41.40 
 Rent income (includes Rent from related party -refer note 36B)  814.29  597.60 
 T otal  1,913.01  3,123.47 
21.1  DISAGGREGATED REVENUE INFORMATION
 Set out below is the disaggregation of the Company’s revenue from contracts with customers: 
 Segment
Type of services  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Rendering of functional support services  155.00  699.75 
T otal revenue from contracts with customers  155.00  699.75 
India  155.00  699.75 
Outside India  - 
T otal revenue from contracts with customers  155.00  699.75 
21.2 CONTRACT BALANCES
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2025 
 As at 
March 31, 2024 
T rade receivables (Refer Note No. 8)  88.35  16.75 
Contract liabilities  -  - 
 T rade receivables are non interest bearing. Credit period generally is upto 90 days.
21.3 RECONCILING THE AMOUNT OF REVENUE RECOGNISED IN THE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS WITH THE 
CONTRACTED PRICE
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Revenue as per contracted price  155.00  699.75 
Adjustments  -  - 
Revenue from contracts with customers  155.00  699.75 
[[PAGE 184]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 179 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
22.  OTHER INCOME
 Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 Interest income 
 On income tax refunds received  139.84  - 
 On others  0.05  0.11 
 On security deposits (Ind AS impact)  1.05  1.32 
 140.94  1.43 
 Other non-operating income 
 Unclaimed balances / excess provision written back  0.45  73.20 
 Ind AS-Amortisation of Deferred Revenue-Security deposit  24.77  19.50 
 Profit on sale of fixed assets  -  0.22 
 Financial guarantee income  -  4.43 
 Miscellaneous income  -  4.38 
 25.22  101.73 
 T otal  166.16  103.16 
23. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
 Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 Salaries, wages and bonus  1,063.52  1,017.55 
 Contribution to provident fund and other funds (Refer Note No. 30c)  26.61  25.73 
 Employee stock option expense (Refer Note No. 31)  54.92  171.73 
 Gratuity expense (Refer Note No. 30A)  30.15  28.97 
 Staff welfare expense  47.56  15.74 
 T otal  1,222.76  1,259.72 
24.  NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS’ COMPENSATION (INCLUDING SITTING FEES)
 Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 Directors' sitting fee  81.00  77.00 
 Director's Remuneration  300.00  300.00 
 T otal  381.00  377.00 
25.  FINANCE COSTS
 Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 Bank charges  1.20  1.35 
 Finance cost on lease liability  56.97  34.77 
 Unwinding of interest cost on security deposit received (Ind AS impact)  21.68  22.99 
 T otal  79.85  59.11 
[[PAGE 185]]
180 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
26.  DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION EXPENSE
 Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 Depreciation on investment property  86.69  114.52 
 Depreciation on property, plant and equipment  102.15  93.71 
 Depreciation on right-of-use assets  89.01  59.99 
 T otal  277.85  268.22 
27.  LEGAL AND PROFESSIONAL EXPENSES
 Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 Legal and professional  198.00  228.44 
 Auditor's remuneration (Refer Note-48)  18.67  19.10 
 Management service charges(Refer Note- 36)  50.00  500.00 
 T otal  266.67  747.54 
28. OTHER EXPENSES
 Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 Recruitment and training expenses  1.76  53.85 
 Rent  1.80  2.43 
 Amortisation of prepaid expense  0.22  0.10 
 Insurance  22.92  25.34 
 Rates and T axes  3.50  0.48 
 Repairs and maintenance - others  28.90  40.76 
 Electricity and water  15.97  12.65 
 Printing and stationery  4.35  3.96 
 T ravelling and conveyance  113.82  109.61 
 Communication  13.32  10.58 
 Advertisement and publicity  4.21  3.94 
 Asset written off  2.52  - 
 Net loss on sale/ disposal of fixed assets  0.03  - 
 Foreign exchange fluctuation (net)  -  0.73 
 Charity and donation  0.11  0.11 
 Contribution towards CSR (Refer Note No. 'a' below)  5.00  - 
 Business promotion  10.25  5.35 
 Meeting expenses  48.20  46.03 
 Software expenses  6.18  0.70 
 Membership & subscription  10.83  4.52 
 Miscellaneous  8.25  16.62 
 T otal  302.14  337.76 
[[PAGE 186]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 181 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
a)  Corporate social responsibility 
 The provision under section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, a company, meeting the applicability threshold, needs 
to spend at least 2% of its average net profit for the immediately preceding three financial years on corporate social 
responsibility (CSR) activities.
 Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
(a)  Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year  4.81  - 
(b)  Amount spent during the year  - 
 NGO work on education platform  - 
- T each to Lead  5.00  - 
(c)  Excess/(Shortfall) at the end of the year  0.19  - 
(d)  T otal of previous years Excess/(Shortfall)  - 
(e)  Reason for shortfall  NA  NA 
(f) Details of related party transactions (Refer Note-36)  5.00  - 
(g)  Where a provision is made with respect to a liability incurred 
by entering  into a contractual obligation, the movements in the 
provision
 NA  NA 
 The Company has made contribution of Rs. 5.00 lakhs in FY 2024-25 and NIL in FY 2023-24, which is made to an 
enterprise owned or significantly influenced by key managerial personnel or their relatives i.e. Max India Foundation, a 
trust registered under Indian T rust Act, 1882, with the main objective of empowering children in need, with quality and 
value based education.
29.  EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS) 
 Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
 Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would be 
issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares. 
  The following reflects the income and share data used in EPS computations :
 As at 
March 31, 2025 
 As at 
March 31, 2024 
Basic EPS
Profit after tax (Rs. in Lakhs)  (415.55)  123.90 
Net profit for calculation of basic EPS  (415.55)  123.90 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year 
(Nos.)
 43,196,155  43,114,219 
Basic earnings per share (Rs.)  (0.96)  0.29 
Dilutive EPS
Net profit for calculation of diluted EPS  (415.55)  123.90 
Effect of dilution:
Employee Stock options  733,634  520,678 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year for 
dilutive earnings per share (Nos)
 43,929,789  43,634,897 
Anti Diluted/Diluted earnings per share (Rs.)  (0.96)  0.28 
[[PAGE 187]]
182 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
30.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
A)  Defined Benefit Plans
a)  Gratuity (Non-funded):
 The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan (unfunded) for its employees and it is governed by the Payment of 
Gratuity Act, 1972. Under the plan, employee who has completed five years of service is entitled to specific benefit. 
The level of benefits provided depends on the member’s length of service and salary at retirement age. 
 The following tables summarise the components of net benefit expense recognised in the statement of profit or loss 
and the funded status and amounts recognised in the balance sheet for the defined benefit plans:
 Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows:
Particulars Gratuity plan
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the year  164.48  125.00 
Liability transferred from / (to) other company  (25.82)  - 
Current service cost  18.48  19.84 
Interest cost  11.68  9.13 
Benefits paid  (8.77)  - 
Actuarial (gain) on obligations - OCI (Other Comprehensive 
Income)
 (15.52)  10.51 
T otal  144.52  164.48 
Current Liability  1.49  4.60 
Non-Current Liability  143.03  159.88 
T otal  144.52  164.48 
Amount recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss: Gratuity plan
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current service cost  18.48  19.84 
Net interest expense  11.68  9.13 
T otal  30.15  28.97 
Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income: Gratuity plan
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Actuarial gain from changes in financial assumptions  15.52  (10.51)
T otal  15.52  (10.51)
 The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity liability for the Company’s plans are shown below:
Particulars Gratuity plan
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate 6.70% 7.10%
Future salary increases 9.00% 10.00%
Rate of employee turnover (per annum) 1.00% 3.49%
Retirement Age 58 to 64 yrs 58 to 64 yrs
 
[[PAGE 188]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 183 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumption as at March 31, 2025 is as shown below:
Particulars Gratuity plan
Sensitivity level Impact on DBO 
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Assumptions
Impact on defined benefit obligation of change 
in Discount rate
(a) Impact due to increase of 1%  131.20  151.62  (13.31)  (12.86)
(b) Impact due to decrease of 1%  159.73  179.08  15.21  14.60 
Impact on defined benefit obligation of change 
in Future salary growth rate
(a) Impact due to increase of 1%  159.24  178.53  14.72  14.05 
(b) Impact due to decrease of 1%  131.35  151.83  (13.16)  (12.65)
-  Changes in Defined benefit obligation due to 1% Increase/Decrease in Mortality Rate, if all other assumptions 
remain constant is negligible.
 -  The estimates of rate of escalation in salary considered in actuarial valuation are after taking into account inflation, 
seniority, promotion and other relevant factors including supply and demand in the employment market. The 
above information is as certified by the Actuary. 
 -  Discount rate is based on the prevailing market yields of Indian Government securities as at the balance sheet 
date for the estimated term of the obligations.
 -  The sensitivity analyses above have been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on defined 
benefit obligation as a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting 
period. 
 The following payments are expected contributions to the defined benefit plan in future years:
Particulars Gratuity plan
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Within the next 12 months (next annual reporting period) 1.54 4.76
Between 2 and 5 years 17.79 57.41
Between 5 and 10 years 286.32 267.43
T otal expected payments  305.65  329.60 
 The average duration of the defined benefit plan obligation for gratuity at the end of the reporting period is 8.00 years 
(March 31, 2024: 10.20 years).
b)  Leave Encashment 
 Provision for leave encashment benefits payable to its regular employees with respect to accumulated earned leaves 
and sick leaves outstanding at the year end is made by the Company on basis of actuarial valuation and is non funded.
 Amount recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
Particulars Leave encashment
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current service cost  4.61  7.58 
Interest cost (income)  5.87  4.52 
Remeasurement loss/(gain)  6.18  8.65 
T otal amount recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  16.66  20.75 
[[PAGE 189]]
184 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Benefits paid March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Benefits paid  (6.97)  - 
 (6.97)  - 
Current Liability  13.80  8.21 
Non-Current Liability  76.11  74.48 
T otal  89.91  82.69 
c)  Provident Fund:
 The Company is contributing in a provident fund trust “Max Financial Services Limited (MFSL) Employees Provident 
Fund T rust” which is a common fund for certain Max Group companies. The provident fund trust requires that interest 
shortfall shall be met by the employer, accordingly it has been considered as a defined benefit plan. 
 The interest rate payable to the members of the T rust shall not be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by 
the Central Government under the Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, and shortfall, 
if any, shall be made good by respective group companies. The actuary has accordingly provided a valuation for “Max 
Financial Services Limited Employees Provident Fund T rust “ which is a common fund for MFSL, its subsidiaries and 
other participating companies.
 The details of fund and plan asset position as at March 31, 2025 as per the actuarial valuation of active members are 
as follows:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Plan assets at year end at fair value  616.80  667.19 
Present value of defined benefit obligation at year end  614.86  665.85 
Surplus as per actuarial certificate  1.94  1.34 
Shortfall recognized in balance sheet  -  - 
Active members as at year end (Nos)  19  20 
 Assumptions used in determining the present value obligation of the interest rate guarantee under the deterministic 
approach:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate 6.54% 7.20%
Yield on existing funds 8.25% 8.25%
Expected guaranteed interest rate 8.25% 8.25%
Contribution to Defined benefit Plan, recognized as expense for the 
year is as under:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Employer's Contribution towards Provident Fund (PF)  26.61  25.73 
 26.61  25.73 
31 EMPLOYEE SHARE BASED PAYMENTS
 Max India Employee Stock Plan - 2020 (“ESOP Plan”)
 The Company had instituted Max India Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (ESOP Plan), which was approved by 
the Board of Directors in its meeting held on October 28, 2020 and by the shareholders through Postal Ballot process on 
December 28, 2020. The T otal number of options to be granted under the ESOP Plan to the eligible employees of the Company 
its subsidiary company shall not exceed 26,89,313 options. Each option when exercised would be converted into one equity 
share of Rs 10/- each fully paid -up. The ESOP Plan is administered by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The 
employees of the Company and its subsidiary shall receive shares of the Company upon completion of vesting conditions 
[[PAGE 190]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 185 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
such as rendering of services across vesting period. The Option Price will be determined by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, from time to time, in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, provided that the Option Price shall not be 
below the face value of the equity shares of the Company.
a) A table showing the details stock options outstanding containing the following details-
Grant date Number of Options 
Outstanding  
Vesting date  Exercise 
price
Fair value 
(Range) at 
Grant Date As at March 
31, 2025
 As at March 
31, 2024
03/04/2021  2,44,022  2,59,022 01/04/2025  64.43  33.77 - 37.62 
03/04/2021  2,44,022  2,59,022 01/04/2025  64.43  33.77 - 37.62 
03/04/2021  2,20,775  2,90,105 01/04/2025  64.43  33.77 - 37.62 
14/04/2021  1,82,572  4,56,428 01/04/2025  65.23  34.42 - 38.05 
25/04/2022  1,35,866  1,56,866 01/04/2026  76.60  36.86 - 45.73 
25/04/2022  1,54,295  1,74,295 01/04/2026  76.60  36.86 - 45.73 
25/04/2022  1,30,722  1,30,722 01/04/2026  76.60  36.86 - 45.73 
02/10/2022  1,59,358  1,59,358 01/04/2026  83.78  39.82 - 49.34 
01/06/2023  2,17,171  2,47,312 31/05/2027  103.65  47.98 - 59.55 
01/11/2023  -  47,401 01/11/2027  140.83  71.33 - 85.75 
01/11/2023  95,276  95,276 01/11/2027  140.83  71.33 - 85.75 
01/11/2023  22,753  22,753 01/11/2027  140.83  71.33 - 85.75 
01/06/2024  49,357  - 01/06/2028  270.50  132.08 - 158.98 
TOTAL  18,56,189  22,98,560 
 Note: Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company in its meeting held on May 25, 2023 amended the 
vesting schedule for all grants made till that date from Bullet vesting to Graded vesting. Revised vesting schedule is as 
under:
(i)  10% of the total option to be vested by end of first year.
(ii)  20% of the total option to be vested by end of second year.
(iii)  30% of the total option to be vested by end of third year.
(iv)  40% of the total option to be vested by end of fourth year. 
 Exercise period shall be 5 years from the respective Vesting Date.
b)  For the year ended March 31, 2025  For the year ended March 31, 2024
Number 
of 
options
Weighted 
Average 
exercise 
price 
(INR)
Weighted 
Average 
Fair 
value of 
Options
Number 
of options
Weighted 
Average 
exercise 
price 
(INR)
Weighted 
Average 
Fair value 
of Options
Option outstanding at the beginning of the year 22,98,560  76.69  35.94  22,09,719  69.36  30.04 
Granted during the year  59,228  270.50  145.33  4,12,742  118.55  63.75 
Excercised during the year (4,18,565)  66.56  36.70 (1,41,759)  65.93  28.70 
Forfeited during the year  (83,034)  144.71  78.95  (1,82,142)  73.30  - 
Closing balance  18,56,189  83.86  45.59 22,98,560  76.69  35.94 
Excercisable at the end of the year  5,05,267  -  -  3,38,776  -  - 
 The Company has calculated volatility (equivalent from the date of grant till time of maturity) of Stock price of Max India 
Limited as per the option’s time to maturity. For the respective grant dates, the Company considered the available data of 
historical traded price of equity shares of the Company and traded price of erstwhile Max India Limited.
[[PAGE 191]]
186 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
c) Expense arising from share-based payment transactions
 T otal expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised in profit or loss as part of employee benefit 
expense were as follows:
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Employee stock option plan  54.92  171.73 
d) Stock compensation expense under the Fair Value method has been determined based on fair value of the stock options 
at the date of grant. The fair value of stock options was determined using the Black Scholes option pricing model with 
the following assumptions.
Date of option granted  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
 For the year ended March 31, 
2024
01/06/2024 01/06/2023 01/11/2023
Stock Price Now (in INR)  265.00  102.05  141.70 
Exercise Price (X) (in INR)  270.50  103.65  140.83 
Expected Volatility (Standard Dev - Annual) 37.17% 34.38% 35.33%
Life of the options granted (Vesting and exercise period) 
in years
 6.00 to 9.00  6.00 to 9.00  6.00 to 9.00 
Expected Dividend  -  -  - 
Average Risk- Free Interest Rate 7.19% to 7.22% 7.09% to 7.17% 7.54% to 7.58%
Weighted average fair value of options granted  132.08 - 158.98  47.98 - 59.55  71.33 - 85.75 
e) Details of Weighted average remaining contractual life for the share options outstanding are as follows:
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Weighted Avg. remaining life for the options outstanding at the end of 
the year (in years)
5.27 5.99
32.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
A.  Commitments 
i)  The Company has capital commitment of Rs.NIL ( Rs. 66.26 lakhs in FY 2023-24) towards acquisition of Capital assets.
ii)  The Company may provide financial support to Antara Senior Living Limited and Antara Assisted Care Services Limited 
which are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company in order to meet their future financial obligations.
B.  Contingent liabilities
a)  Corporate guarantee :
 The Company has not provided any corporate gurantees to banks, financial institutions, or any third parties during the year 
or outstanding as at the reporting date.
[[PAGE 192]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 187 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
b)  Contingent Liability :
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Demand of service tax on corporate guarantee fees pertaining to FY 
2015-16, 2016-17 & 2017-18
 136.45  136.45 
Demand of service tax on option fees pertaining to FY 2015-16 & 2016-17  544.35  544.35 
Demand of service tax on Import of services pertaining to FY 2015-16 & 
2016-17
 2.12  2.12 
Income T ax matters under appeal*  2,716.00  2,716.00 
T otal  3,398.92  3,398.92 
 The Company is contesting these demands and the management, based on advise of its legal/tax consultants believes 
that its position will likely be upheld in the appellate process. No expense has been accrued in the standalone Ind AS 
financial statements for these demands raised. The management believes that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings 
will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position and results of operations. The Company does 
not expect any payment in respect of these contingent liabilities.
 * During the FY 2021-22, the Company has received an income tax demand of ~ Rs. 2,716.00 lakhs on account of 
disallowance of the loss claimed on sale of shares of Neeman Medical International BV (an erstwhile wholly owned 
subsidiary) by erstwhile Max India Limited during the financial year 2014-15. The Company has filed an appeal/writ with 
Hon’ble High Court of Punjab & Haryana and is strong on merits. The matter has been stayed & pending before court.
33.  Leases
 Effective April 1, 2019, the Company has adopted Ind AS 116 “Leases”, applied to all lease contracts existing on April 1, 2019 
using the modified retrospective method along with the transition option to recognise Right-of-Use asset (ROU) at an amount 
equal to the lease liability.
 Consequently, the nature of expenses in respect of operating lease has changed from lease rent in previous periods to 
depreciation cost for the ROU asset and finance cost for the interest accrued on lease liability. The effect of this adoption is not 
material on the profit and earnings per share for the current year.
 The Company has entered into short term lease arrangements for certain facilities and office premises. Rent expense of Rs. 
1.80 lakhs (previous year: Rs. 2.43 Lakhs) in respect of obligation under cancellable operating leases has been charged to the 
statement of profit and loss for these short term lease arrangements.
 Finance Leases- Company as a Lessee
 Following are the changes in the carrying value of right of use assets for the year ended ended March 31, 2025:
Particulars Amount as on 
March 31, 2025
 Amount as on 
March 31, 2024 
Building
Opening balance (on adoption of Ind AS 116)  531.88  79.72 
Additions  -  512.15 
Depreciation  89.01  59.99 
Closing balance  442.87  531.88 
 
[[PAGE 193]]
188 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 The following is the break-up of current and non-current lease liabilities as of March 31, 2025:
Particulars Amount as on 
March 31, 2025
Amount as on 
March 31, 2024
Current liabilities  44.45  59.99 
Non-current liabilities  445.89  490.19 
T otal  490.34  550.18 
 The following are the maturity analysis of contractual undiscounted cash flow as at 31st March 2025
Particulars Amount as on 
March 31, 2025
Amount as on 
March 31, 2024
Less than 1 year  94.95  116.82 
1-3 years  176.49  180.21 
3-10 years  454.44  545.66 
T otal  725.88  842.70 
 Impact of adoption of Ind AS 116 for the year ended 31st March, 2025 is as follows
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Increase in interest expense on lease liability  56.97  34.77 
Increase in depreciation  89.01  59.99 
T otal  145.98  94.76 
 The following is the movement in the lease liability for the year ended 31st March 2025
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Opening balance  550.18  79.24 
Additions  0.00  512.15 
Interest Cost  56.97  34.77 
Cash Outflows during the year  116.81  75.98 
Closing balance  490.34  550.18 
 The following is the classification of future cash outflows as on 31st March 2025
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Variable Rent  -  - 
Fixed Rent  725.88  842.70 
Residual Value  -  - 
Net impact on the statement of Profit and loss  725.88  842.70 
[[PAGE 194]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 189 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
34 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND JOINT VENTURES
(a)  These financial statement are separate financial statements prepared in accordance with Ind AS-27 “ Separate 
Financial Statements”
(b)  The Company’s investment in Subsidiary are as under :
Sl. 
No.
Name of the Subsidiary Country of 
Incorporation
Proportion of 
ownership as 
at March 31, 
2025
Proportion of 
ownership as 
at March 31, 
2024
Method used 
to account for 
Investment
1 Antara Senior Living Limited India 100.00% 100.00% At cost
2 Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited (i) India 100.00% 100.00% At cost
3 Antara Assisted Care Services Limited India 100.00% 100.00% At cost
4 Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited 
(Formerly Max Ateev Limited)(ii)
India 100.00% 100.00% At cost
5 Max Skill First Limited India 100.00% 100.00% At cost
6 Max UK Limited United 
Kingdom
100.00% 100.00% At cost
(c)  The Company’s investment in joint ventures are as under :
Name of Joint Venture Country of 
incorporation
Proportion of 
ownership as 
at March 31, 
2025
Proportion of 
ownership as 
at March 31, 
2024
Method used 
to account for 
Investment
1 Contend Builders Private Limited (i) India 62.50% 62.50% At cost
 Notes:
(i) The entity is held through Antara Senior Living Limited
(ii) The entity was held directly by the Company until May 31, 2024. Effective from June 1, 2024, it is held through Antara 
Senior Living Limited.
35 SEGMENT INFORMATION
 Being a parent company, the Company, which is having investments in various subsidiaries, is primarily engaged in growing 
and nurturing these business investments and providing shared services to its group companies. Accordingly, the Company 
views these activities as one business segment, therefore there are no separate reportable segments in accordance with the 
requirements of Indian Accounting Standard 108 - ‘Operating Segment Reporting’ notified under the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended from time to time.
[[PAGE 195]]
190 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Relationship with the related party Name of related party
   
Subsidiary Companies 1 Antara Senior Living Limited
 2 Antara Assisted Care Services Limited
 3 Max UK Limited
 4 Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited (Formerly Max Ateev Limited) 
(till May 31, 2024)
 5 Max Skill First Limited
   
Step down subsidiary companies 1 Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited 
 2 Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited (Formerly Max Ateev Limited) 
(W.e.f. June 1, 2024)
   
Joint Venture 1 Forum I Aviation Private Limited (till January 25, 2024)
 2 Contend Builders Private Limited
   
Key Management Personnel (KMP) 1 Mr. Analjit Singh (Non-executive Chairman)
 2 Mr. Ashok Brijmohan Kacker (Independent Director) (Till August 31, 
2023)
 3 Mr. Mohit T alwar (Non-executive Director) 
 4 Mr. Rajit Mehta (Managing Director)
 5 Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani (Non-executive Director)
 6 Mrs. Sharmila T agore (Independent Director)
 7 Mr. Pradeep Pant (Independent Director)
 8 Mrs. Bhawna Agarwal (Independent Director) (Till October 12, 2023)
 9 Mr. Niten Malhan (Independent Director)
 10 Dr. Ajit Singh (Independent Director) (Appointed w.e.f. May 25, 2022)
 11 Mr. Rohit Kapoor (Independent Director) (Appointed w.e.f. May 25, 
2022)
 12 Mr. Pankaj Chawla (Company Secretary) (Till September 30, 2024)
 13 Ms. T rapti (Company Secretary) (w.e.f. November 27, 2024)
 14 Mr. Sandeep Pathak (Chief Financial Officer)
   
Employee benefit trust 1 Max Financial Services Ltd. Employees’ Provident Fund T rust
   
Person or entities having control or significant 
influence
1 Mr. Analjit Singh
2 Mrs. Neelu Analjit Singh*
 3 Ms. Piya Singh
 4 Mr. Veer Singh
 5 Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani
 6 Siva Enterprises Private Limited
 7 Max Ventures Investment Holdings Private Limited
Enterprises owned or significantly influenced 
by key management personnel or their rela-
tives or entities having control or significant 
influence
1 Max India Foundation
2 Max Financial Services Limited
3 Axis Max Life Insurance Company Limited
4 New Delhi House Services limited
 5 Max T owers Private Limited
 6 Southend Houses Private Limited
 7 Max Assets Services Limited
 8 Riga Foods LLP
 9 Max Estates Limited
  (previously Max Ventures and Industries Limited)
* Applied for reclassification as Public Shareholder.
[[PAGE 196]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 191 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
B.  The following table provides the total amount of transactions that have been entered into with related parties for the relevant 
financial year.
Nature of transaction Name of related party For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Income from functional support 
services
Max Financial Services Limited  100.00  649.75 
Max Estates Limited  55.00  50.00 
Reimbursement of expenses 
(receivable from)
Max Financial Services Limited  3.76  4.77 
New Delhi House Services limited  2.93  18.59 
Max Life Insurance Company Limited  -  24.28 
Max Estates Limited  -  4.77 
Antara Senior Living Limited  4.25  - 
Purchase of fixed assets Max Financial Services Limited  -  32.39 
Sale of fixed assets Max Financial Services Limited  0.86  - 
Professional charges Max UK Limited  12.00  12.00 
Other expenses New Delhi House Services limited  106.42  108.28 
Max Assets Services Limited  0.19  31.05 
Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited  5.40  3.15 
Max Financial Services Limited  35.60  16.76 
Riga Foods LLP  4.34  - 
Antara Assisted Care Services Ltd.  2.24  - 
Retiral Benefit T ransferred to Max Financial Services Limited  30.60  - 
Insurance expense Axis Max Life Insurance Company Limited  4.37  4.75 
Insurance refunded to Max Financial Services Limited  -  21.81 
Max India Foundation  -  0.33 
Management service charges Max Financial Services Limited  50.00  500.00 
Rent paid Max Financial Services Limited  1.80  1.80 
Southend Houses Private Limited  37.50  37.50 
Antara Assisted Care Services Limited  -  0.63 
Director sitting fee Mr. Ashok Brijmohan Kacker  -  6.00 
Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani  10.00  11.00 
Mr. Analjit Singh  4.00  5.00 
Mr. Rohit Kapoor  7.00  5.00 
Dr. Ajit Singh  10.00  7.00 
Mrs. Sharmila T agore  9.00  11.00 
Ms. Bhawna Agarwal  -  3.00 
Mr. Niten Malhan  17.00  11.00 
Mr. Mohit T alwar  10.00  6.00 
Mr. Pradeep Pant  14.00  12.00 
Director's remuneration Mr. Analjit Singh  300.00  300.00 
ESOP Excercised Mr. Rajit Mehta  178.64  - 
Mr. Sandeep Pathak  9.19  13.35 
Financial guarantee income Antara Senior Living Limited  -  4.43 
[[PAGE 197]]
192 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Nature of transaction Name of related party For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Corporate Social Responsibility Max India Foundation  5.00  - 
Company's contribution to Provident 
Fund T rust
Max Financial Services Ltd. Employees’ 
Provident Fund T rust
 23.91  23.07 
Interest income Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited 
(Formerly Max Ateev Limited)
 -  0.82 
Antara Senior Living Limited  330.58  42.92 
Rent income Max Financial Services Limited  34.12  74.14 
Max India Foundation  -  0.80 
Max Estates Limited  463.57  115.89 
Antara Senior Living Limited  0.87  149.04 
Max Ventures Investment Holdings 
Private Limited
 -  29.90 
Security deposit received back Max Assets Services Limited  -  7.84 
Antara Assisted Care Services Limited  -  0.27 
Security deposit received Max Estates Limited  -  115.89 
Security deposit refunded Max Financial Services Ltd  -  13.34 
Max Ventures Investment Holdings 
Private Limited
 -  9.97 
Antara Senior Living Ltd  -  49.39 
Loan given Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited 
(Formerly Max Ateev Limited)
 -  2.59 
Antara Senior Living Limited  -  3,300.00 
Loans and advances received back Antara Senior Living Limited  3,300.00  - 
Max Skill First Limited  50.00  - 
Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited 
(Formerly Max Ateev Limited)
 -  738.48 
Reversal of Provision for Diminution Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited 
(Formerly Max Ateev Limited)
 -  728.25 
Investments made Antara Senior Living Limited (CCPS)  300.00  1,850.00 
Antara Purukul Senior Living 
Limited(ESOP)
 17.77  - 
Antara Senior Living Limited (ESOP)  125.02  206.28 
Antara Assisted Care Services Limited 
(CCPS)
 17,150.00  10,150.00 
Investments Sold (Antara Bangalore 
Senior Living Limited (Formerly Max 
Ateev Limited))
Antara Senior Living Limited  109.06  - 
Share application money given Antara Assisted Care Services Limited  17,150.00  10,150.00 
Antara Senior Living Limited  300.00  1,850.00 
Conversion of CCPS into equity Antara Senior Living Limited  565.00  9,220.00 
Advance received against non-
Current asset held for sale
Max T owers Private Limited  525.40  - 
[[PAGE 198]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 193 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
C.  The following table provides the year end balances with related parties for the relevant financial year :
Nature of transaction Name of related party As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Loans and advances given Max Skill First Limited  1,416.34  1,466.34 
Provision made against above, 
considered doubtful
Max Skill First Limited  (1,416.34)  (1,466.34)
Other receivable Max Asset Services Limited  (0.01)  7.84 
Max Financial Services Limited  0.27  0.99 
Antara Senior Living Limited  4.06  - 
T rade receivable Max Estates Limited  59.55  14.49 
Interest receivable Antara Senior Living Limited  -  38.63 
Security Deposits given Southend Houses Private Limited  9.37  9.37 
Max Asset Services Limited  0.03  0.03 
Max Financial Services Limited  0.45  0.45 
Amount Payable Max UK Limited  (12.00)  (5.75)
New Delhi House Services limited  (17.74)  (5.94)
Security Deposits received Max Financial Services Limited  (8.53)  (8.53)
Antara Senior Living Limited  (0.22)  (0.22)
Max Estates Limited  (115.90)  (115.90)
Investment in equity share capital Antara Bangalore Senior Living ltd.
(Formerly"Max Ateev Limited)
 -  4,039.36 
Antara Senior Living Limited  15,271.42  14,706.42 
Max Skill First Limited  1,022.87  1,022.87 
Max UK Limited  213.00  213.00 
Antara Assisted Care Services Limited  1,300.00  1,300.00 
Provision made against equity 
investment
Antara Bangalore Senior Living ltd.
(Formerly"Max Ateev Limited)
 -  (3,934.95)
Max Skill First Limited  (1,022.87)  (1,022.87)
Max UK Limited  (213.00)  (213.00)
Investment in compulsory 
convertible preference share (CCPS)
Antara Senior Living Limited  40,565.00  40,830.00 
Antara Assisted Care Services Limited  32,700.00  15,550.00 
Provision made against CCPS Antara Senior Living Limited  (15,000.00)  (15,000.00)
Additonal investment (Due to Ind 
AS adjustment)
Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited 
(BG)
 470.34  470.34 
Antara Senior Living Limited (BG)  24.45  24.45 
Antara Senior Living Limited (ESOPs)  497.84  372.82 
Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited 
(ESOP)
 32.33  14.56 
Other Current Liabilities Max T owers Private Limited  525.40  - 
[[PAGE 199]]
194 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
D.  T erms and conditions of transactions with related parties
a)  The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions.
E.  Compensation of key management personnel of the Company
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Short-term employee benefits
Mr. Rajit Mehta  739.80  284.25 
Mr. Sandeep Pathak  147.67  111.00 
Ms. T rapti ( Appointed w.e.f. November 27, 2024)  12.33  - 
Mr. Pankaj Chawla (Till September 30, 2024)  55.06  60.22 
 * The remuneration to the key managerial personnel does not include the provisions made for gratuity and leave benefits, as 
they are determined on an actuarial basis for the Company as a whole.
G.  Directors’ interests in the ESOP plan
 Share options held by executive members of the Board of Directors under the ESOP Plan to purchase Equity shares have the 
following expiry dates and exercise prices: 
Grant date Number 
of options 
granted
Vesting date Number 
of options 
Vested/ to be 
Vested
Exercise 
price
Number 
outstanding
Person
As at
March 
31, 2025
As at
March 
31, 2024
04/14/2021  456,428 01/06/2023  136,928  65.23  182,572  456,428 Mr. Rajit Mehta
01/06/2024  136,928 
01/06/2025  182,572 
 - 2,73,856 Options excercised during the year.
 - Exercise period is 5 years after vesting date
37.  FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 The comparison of carrying value and fair value of financial instruments by categories that are measured at fair value are as 
follows:
Carrying value  Fair value 
As at
March 31, 
2025
As at
March 31, 
2024
 As at 
March 31, 
2025
As at
March 31, 
2024
Financial assets
Amortised Cost:
Non-Current
- Other Financial Assets  20.52  19.45  20.52  19.45 
Current
- T rade receivables (refer note 8)  88.35  16.75  88.35  16.75 
- Cash and cash equivalents (refer note 9)  20.79  20.09  20.79  20.09 
Bank balances (other than those classified under Cash 
& cash equivalent above)
 -  7,344.41  -  7,344.41 
- Loans (refer note 6)  -  3,391.41  -  3,391.41 
- Other financial assets (refer note 10b)  56.26  3,697.17  56.26  3,697.17 
[[PAGE 200]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 195 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Carrying value  Fair value 
As at
March 31, 
2025
As at
March 31, 
2024
 As at 
March 31, 
2025
As at
March 31, 
2024
At FVTPL
- Investments (refer note 4)  2,049.46  3,920.16  2,049.46  3,920.16 
Financial liabilities
Amortised Cost:
Non-Current
- Other financial liabilities (refer note 16a)  304.45  301.30  304.45  301.30 
- Lease liability (refer note 15a)  445.89  490.19  445.89  490.19 
Current
- T rade payables (refer note 18)  91.23  101.63  91.23  101.63 
- Other financial liabilities (refer note 16b)  310.81  323.83  310.81  323.83 
- Lease liability (refer note 15b)  44.45  59.99  44.45  59.99 
Notes:
1 The management assessed that inter corporate deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and trade payables 
approximate their carrying amounts. 
2 The fair value of the financial assets and liabilities is included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a 
current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.
3 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
 The fair values for investments in quoted securities like mutual funds are based on price quotations available in the market at 
each reporting date. 
 The fair values for investments in unquoted equity shares are estimated by valuer following valuation techniques.
 The carrying amounts of trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, other bank balances, trade payables, other financial 
liabilities and other financial assets are considered to be the same as their fair values, due to their short-term nature. . Loans 
repayable on demand have same carrying value and fair value as it is repayable on demand. The carrying values for finance 
lease receivables approximates the fair value as these are periodically evaluated based on credit worthiness of customer and 
allowance for estimated losses is recorded based on this evaluation. The fair values for lease obligation were calculated based 
on cash flows discounted using a lending rate. The carrying amount of finance lease obligations approximate its fair value. 
38.  FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY
 The Company uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by valuation 
technique:
 Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 Level 2: other techniques for which all inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable, either 
directly or indirectly
 Level 3: techniques that use inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on observable 
market data
 The following table provides the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Company’s assets and liabilities.
[[PAGE 201]]
196 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
A.  Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for assets as at March 31, 2025:
Carrying 
value
 Fair value measurement using 
 Quoted prices 
in active 
markets 
 Significant 
observable 
inputs 
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
 (Level 1)  (Level 2) (Level 3)
Assets measured at Fair value through statement 
of profit and loss:
 - Investment in Mutual Funds (refer note 4)  2,049.46  2,049.46  -  - 
Assets measured at amortised cost for which fair 
values are disclosed
Non-Current
- Other Financial Assets  20.52  -  -  - 
Current
- T rade receivables (refer note 8)  88.35  -  -  - 
- Cash and cash equivalents (refer note 9)  20.79 
- 'Bank balances (other than those classified under 
Cash & cash equivalent above)
 - 
- Loans (refer note 6)  -  -  -  - 
- Other financial assets (refer note 10b)  56.26  -  -  - 
Liabilities measured at amortised cost for which 
fair values are disclosed
Non-Current
- Other financial liabilities (refer note 16a)  304.45  -  -  - 
- Lease liability (refer note 15a)  445.89  -  -  - 
Current
- T rade payables (refer note 18)  91.23  -  -  - 
- Other financial liabilities (refer note 16b)  310.81  -  -  - 
- Lease liability (Refer Note No. 15b)  44.45 
B. Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for assets as at March 31, 2024:
Carrying value Fair value measurement using
Quoted prices 
in active 
markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
(Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
Assets measured at Fair value through statement 
of profit and loss:
 - Investment in Mutual Funds (refer note 4)  3,920.16  3,920.16  -  - 
Assets measured at amortised cost for which fair 
values are disclosed
Non-Current
- Other Financial Assets  19.45  -  -  - 
Current
- T rade receivables (refer note 8)  16.75  -  -  - 
- Cash and cash equivalents (refer note 9)  20.09  -  -  - 
- 'Bank balances (other than those classified under 
Cash & cash equivalent above)
 7,344.41 
[[PAGE 202]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 197 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Carrying value Fair value measurement using
Quoted prices 
in active 
markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
(Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
- Loans (refer note 6)  3,391.41  -  -  - 
- Other financial assets (refer note 10b)  3,697.17  -  -  - 
Liabilities measured at amortised cost for which 
fair values are disclosed
Non-Current
- Other financial liabilities (refer note 16a)  301.30  -  -  - 
- Lease liability (refer note 15a)  490.19  -  -  - 
Current
- T rade payables (refer note 18)  101.63  -  -  - 
- Other financial liabilities (refer note 16b)  323.83  -  -  - 
- Lease liability (Refer Note No. 15b)  59.99  -  -  - 
39.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
 The company’s principal financial liabilities comprise Lease liabilities, T rade payables and Security Deposits. The main 
purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations. The Company’s principal financial assets include 
Investments in Mutual Funds and equity shares, Fixed Deposits, Corporate Deposits to Subsidiary, trade and other receivables, 
bank balances and security deposits. The Company is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s 
Audit Committee oversees compliance with the management of these risks/ company’s Risk Management Policy, and reviews 
the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risk faced by the company. The Audit Committee is assisted 
in its overall role by Internal Audit. Internal Audit undertakes both regular and ad-hoc reviews of risk management controls and 
procedure, the results of which are reported to the Audit Committee.
 The Company’s activities expose it to the following risks arising from the financial instruments:
  - Market risk
  - Liquidity risk
  - Credit risk
 This note explains the sources of risk which the entity is exposed to and how the entity manages the risk.
Risk Exposure arising from Measurement Management
Credit Risk Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, 
security deposits and other financial assets 
measured at amortised cost or fair value 
through Profit or Loss account. 
Ageing analysis
Credit Rating
Diversification of bank deposits and 
credit limits 
Liquidity risk T rade payables, Lease Liability and other 
financial liabilities.
Cash flow 
forecasts
Maintaining adequate funds in the 
form of cash and bank balances and 
monitoring expected cash inflows 
on trade receiveables.
Market risk – 
Price risk
Investments in mutual funds Net Asset Value 
(NAV) Method
Diversifies its portfolio of assets
A)  Market risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in 
market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risk: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk such as equity 
price risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include investment in mutual funds. The objective of market risk 
is to optimize the return by managing and controlling the market risk exposures within acceptable parameters.
[[PAGE 203]]
198 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the position as at March 31, 2025. The following assumptions 
have been made in calculating the sensitivity analysis:
  - The sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. This is 
based on the financial assets and financial liabilities held at March 31, 2025.
a)  Interest rate risk
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because 
of changes in market interest rates. In order to balance the Company’s position with regards to interest income and 
interest expense and to manage the interest rate risk, treasury performs comprehensive interest rate risk management. 
The Company does not have any borrowings, as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 and hence it is not exposed 
to any interest rate risk
b)  Foreign currency risk
 Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to 
the Company’s operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in a foreign currency) and investments 
in foreign currency. The foreign currency risk is on account of balances outstanding with Max UK Limited. Company 
has fully impaired investment in Max UK Limited.
c)  Price risk
 The Company’s exposure to price risk arises from investments held and classified as FVTPL. T o manage the price risk 
arising from investments in mutual funds, the Company diversifies its portfolio of assets.
 Sensitivity analysis
 Profit or loss and equity is sensitive to higher/ lower prices of instruments on the Company’s profit for the periods:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Price sensitivity
Price increase by (5%) - FVTPL  102.47  196.01 
Price Decrease by (5%) - FVTPL  (102.47)  (196.01)
B)  Credit risk
 Financial loss to the Company, arising, if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual 
obligations principally from the Company’s receivables from customers and investments in debt securities.
a)  Credit risk management
 Credit risk arises from the possibility that counter party may not be able to settle their obligations as agreed. T o 
manage this, the Company periodically assesses the financial reliability of customers, taking into account the financial 
condition, current economic trends, and analysis of historical bad debts and ageing of account receivables. Individual 
risk limits are also set accordingly.
 Based on business environment in which the Company operates, a default on a financial asset is considered when the 
counter party fails to make payments within the agreed time period. Loss rates reflecting defaults are based on actual 
credit loss experience and considering differences between current and historical economic conditions. 
 The description of significant financial assets is given below:
[[PAGE 204]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 199 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
(i)  Trade Receivables
 The activities of the Company primarily include providing functional support services to related parties and 
earning rental income from buildings and investment property. Effective December 31, 2024, the building and 
investment property have been classified as ‘Assets Held for Sale’. The credit risk relating to outstanding amounts 
from related parties and tenants is considered to be insignificant. Refer Note 36 for disclosures on related party 
transactions, including outstanding balances as at the reporting date.
 The Company creates allowances for impairment that represents its expected credit losses in respect of trade 
receivables. The management uses a simplified approach for the purpose of computation of expected credit loss 
for trade receivables.
(ii)  Cash and cash equivalents
 The Company held cash and cash equivalents of Rs. 20.79 lakhs as on March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 
20.09 lakhs) .The cash and cash equivalents that are held with scheduled banks as on 31.3.2025 are of Rs. 20.43 
lakhs (March 31, 2024: Rs. 19.73 lakhs).
(iii)  Deposits with banks 
 The company held fixed deposits and interest on same with banks and financial institutions of Rs. NIL (March 31, 
2024: Rs. 11,001.43 lakhs). In order to manage the risk, the Company invests only with scheduled banks.
(iv)  Investment in Mutual Funds
 The company has made Investments in Mutual Funds of Rs. 2,049.46 Lakhs (March 31, 2024: Rs. 3,920.16 lakhs). 
In order to manage the credit risk, Company maintains a list of approved Asset Management Companies with an 
annual review. The investment is within prescribed parameters as per T reasury Policy.
(v)  Loans and Advances
 The Company had granted loan to its subsidiaries amounting to Rs. 3,300.00 lakhs (net of provision for 
impairment) during the financial year 2023-24 and the said loan was fully recovered during the financial year 
2024-25, and no fresh loans were disbursed during the financial year 2024-25. The Loans’ approval are on a 
case to case basis by Audit Committee and Board.The credit risk with respect to amount of loans advanced to 
the subsidiaries is considered to be insignificant as the amount which is not recoverable as per the Management 
estimate has been fully provided for as provision for impairment in the preceeding years. Refer Note 36 on 
disclosure on related party transactions with respect to amount outstanding as at reporting date.
 T rade Receivables and Loans and Advances are written-off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery by 
the Management. The Company continues to engage with parties whose balances have been provided for or are 
written-off and attempts to enforce repayment. Recoveries made are recognised in statement of profit and loss. 
 The Company creates allowances for impairment that represents its expected credit losses in respect of Loans 
and Advances
[[PAGE 205]]
200 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
b)  Credit risk exposure
 The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to credit 
risk at the reporting date was:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Financial assets for which loss allowance is measured using 12 
months Expected Credit Losses (ECL) except T rade receivables 
measured using Lifetime ECL.
Non-Current security deposits  20.52  19.45 
Loans- Current (ICD) (including interest)  -  3,391.41 
Investments in Mutual Funds  2,049.46  3,920.16 
Cash and cash equivalents (balance in banks)  20.79  20.09 
Deposits with banks (including interest)  -  11,001.43 
T rade receivables (lifetime ECL)  88.35  16.75 
T otal  2,179.12  18,369.29 
  Ageing analysis of trade receivables
 The ageing analysis of the trade receivables is as below: 
Ageing as at March 31, 2025 0-90 days 
past due
91-180 days 
past due
181-270 days 
past due
T otal
Gross carrying amount ( Including ECL Amount)  88.35  -  -  88.35 
Ageing as at March 31, 2024 0-90 days 
past due
91-180 days 
past due
181-270 days 
past due
T otal
Gross carrying amount ( Including ECL Amount)  16.75  -  -  16.75 
C)  Liquidity risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its 
financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach to managing 
liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under 
both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Company’s 
reputation.
 The Company employs prudent liquidity risk management practices which inter alia means maintaining sufficient 
cash and marketable securities. Given the nature of the underlying business of company and its subsidiaries, the 
corporate finance maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under committed credit lines and this 
way liquidity risk is mitigated by the availability of funds to cover future commitments. Cash flow forecasts are 
prepared basis the funding requirement of the subsidiaries in the near future. The Company manages liquidity risk 
by maintaining adequate cash reserves by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the 
maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.
 The company aims to maintain the level of its cash and cash equivalents and other highly marketable debt investments 
at an amount in excess of expected cash flows on financial liabilities. The Company also monitors the level of expected 
cash inflows on trade receivables with the expected cash outflows on trade payables and other financial liabilities.
 
[[PAGE 206]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 201 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Maturities of financial liabilities 
Particulars Carrying 
Amount 
March 31, 
2025
Contractual cash flows
On demand 
/ Less than 1 
year
1 to 10 years
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Non-Current
Lease liability  445.89  445.89 
Other financial liabilities  304.45  304.45 
Current
T rade payables 91.23 91.23
Lease liability 44.45 44.45
Other financial liabilities 310.81 310.81
T otal  1,196.83 446.49 750.34
  
Particulars Carrying 
Amount 
March 31, 
2024
Contractual cash flows
On demand 
/ Less than 1 
year
1 to 10 years
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Non-Current
Lease liability 490.19 490.19
Other financial liabilities 301.3 301.3
Current
T rade payables 101.63 101.63
Lease liability 59.99 59.99
Other financial liabilities 323.83 323.83
T otal 1276.94 485.45 791.49
40.  CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
 For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity holders of the company. The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to maximise 
the shareholder value.
 The Company does not have any borrowings as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024
 No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended March 31, 2025 and 
March 31, 2024.
[[PAGE 207]]
202 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
41. DISCLOSURE OF UNDER SECTION 186 (4) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2013
a) Particulars of Loans given:
Name of the Loanee As at 
March 
31, 2023
 Loan 
given 
during 
the 
period 
 Loan 
repaid / 
converted 
into equity 
As at 
March 
31, 
2024
 Loan 
given 
during 
the year 
 Loan 
repaid 
during 
the year 
As at 
March 
31, 2025
 Purpose 
Antara Senior Living Limited*  -  3,300.00  3,300.00  -  3,300.00  -  Operational 
cash flow 
requirement 
Antara Bangalore Senior Living 
Limited (Formerly Max Ateev Limited) 
(net of impairment provision)*
 7.63  2.59  10.22  -  -  -  -  Operational 
cash flow 
requirement 
 7.63  3,302.59  10.22  3,300.00  -  3,300.00  - 
 * Both Loans are interest bearing and at arm length price
b) Particulars of Guarantee given:
Name of the Entity As at 
March 31, 
2023
Guarantee 
agreed to 
be given 
during the 
year 
 Guarantee 
discharged 
during the 
year 
As at 
March 31, 
2024
Guarantee 
agreed to 
be given 
during the 
year 
Guarantee 
discharged 
during the 
year 
As at 
March 
31, 2025
 Purpose 
Antara Senior Living Limited  2,225.18  -  2,225.18  -  -  -  -  Collateral 
security for 
term loan for 
Project 
 2,225.18  -  2,225.18  -  -  -  - 
c) Particulars of Investments made:
Name of the Investee As at March 
31, 2023
 Investment 
made/
Converted 
 Investment 
redeemed / 
extinguished/
Impairment 
As at March 
31, 2024
Investment 
made/
Converted 
 Investment 
redeemed / 
extinguished/
Impairment 
As at 
March 31, 
2025
 Purpose 
Investment in Equity Share Capital
Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited 
(Formerly Max Ateev Limited)
 4,039.36  -  4,039.36  (4,039.36)  -  Strategic 
investment 
Less: Impairment allowance  (3,144.36)  (790.59)  (3,934.95)  3,934.95  - 
Antara Senior Living Limited  5,486.42  9,220.00  14,706.42  565.00  15,271.42  Strategic 
investment 
Antara Assisted Care Services Limited  1,300.00  -  1,300.00  -  1,300.00  Strategic 
investment 
Max Skill First Limited  1,022.87  1,022.87  1,022.87  Strategic 
investment 
Less: Impairment allowance  (1,022.87)  (1,022.87)  (1,022.87)
Max UK Limited  213.00  213.00  213.00  Strategic 
investment 
Less: Impairment allowance  (213.00)  (213.00)  (213.00)
Investment in Preference Share Capital
Antara Senior Living Limited  48,200.00  1,850.00  (9,220.00)  40,830.00  300.00  (565.00)  40,565.00  Strategic 
investment 
Less: Impairment allowance (15,000.00)  (15,000.00) (15,000.00)
Antara Assisted Care Services Limited  5,400.00  10,150.00  15,550.00  17,150.00  32,700.00  Strategic 
investment 
Other
[[PAGE 208]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 203 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Name of the Investee As at March 
31, 2023
 Investment 
made/
Converted 
 Investment 
redeemed / 
extinguished/
Impairment 
As at March 
31, 2024
Investment 
made/
Converted 
 Investment 
redeemed / 
extinguished/
Impairment 
As at 
March 31, 
2025
 Purpose 
Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited 
(Corporate guarantee)
 470.34  470.34  470.34  Strategic 
investment 
Antara Senior Living Limited (ESOPs 
related)
 166.54  206.28  372.82  125.02  497.84  Strategic 
investment 
Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited 
(ESOPs related)
 -  14.56  14.56  17.77  32.33 
Antara Senior Living Limited (Corporate 
guarantee)
 24.45  -  24.45  -  24.45  Strategic 
investment 
 46,942.75  21,440.84  (10,010.59)  58,373.00  18,157.79  (669.41)  75,861.38 
 * During the Financial Y ear 2024-25, the investment in 5,65,000 (Previous year 92,20,000) Zero Coupon Compulsory 
Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS) of Rs. 100/- each of Antara Senior Living Limited were converted into 56,65,000 
(Previous year 9,22,00,000) equity shares of Rs. 10/- each. 
d) During the financial year 2024-25, the Company received a sum of Rs. 50.00 lakhs from Max Skill First Limited, a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Company against the advance given between FY 2008-09 to FY 2014-15.  (Refer Note No. 42 for 
details)
e) During the financial year 2024-25,the Company entered into a Share Sale and Purchase Agreement dated June 01, 2024, 
with Antara Senior Living Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary company w.r.t divestment of its entire stake in Antara 
Bangalore Senior Living Limited (earlier known as “Max Ateev Limited”) for consideration of Rs. 109.06 lakhs. (Refer Note 
No. 42 for details)
42.  EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS.
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Exceptional items 4.65  12.34 
T otal 4.65 12.34
 For FY 2024-25
 During the year 2024-25, Company entered into a Share Sale and Purchase Agreement dated June 01, 2024, with Antara 
Senior Living Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary company w.r.t divestment of its entire stake in Antara Bangalore Senior Living 
Limited (earlier known as “Max Ateev Limited”) for consideration of Rs. 109.06 lakhs effective June 1,2024. Profit of Rs. 4.65 
lakhs on sale of said transaction has been recorded under exceptional item. 
 For FY 2023-24
i.  During FY 2003-04 to FY 2021-22, Max India Limited had provided for diminution in the value of advances given to Antara 
Bangalore Senior Living Limited (Formerly Max Ateev Limited) aggregating to Rs. 728.25 lakhs. As the said advance has 
been received back by the Company, the Company reversed the provision for impairment by Rs. 728.25 lakhs in FY 2023-
24 and recorded under Exceptional item.
ii.  During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company has impaired the carrying value of investment in equity shares of 
Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited (earlier known as “Max Ateev Limited”) by Rs. 790.59 lakhs and recorded under 
Exceptional item. 
ii.  During FY 2008-09 to FY 2014-15, erstwhile Max India Limited had provided for diminution in the value of loans given 
to Max Healthstaff International Limited (now Max Skill First Limited) aggregating to Rs. 1,916.34 lakhs. Out of the said 
loans, Rs.450.00 lakhs were received by the Company during FY 2022-23 and Rs. 50.00 lakhs received in May 2024. 
Accordingly, the Company reversed the provision for impairment by Rs. 450.00 lakhs in FY 2022-23 and Rs. 50.00 lakhs 
in FY 2023-24 and recorded under Exceptional item.
[[PAGE 209]]
204 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
43.  TRADE PAYABLES
 Ageing schedule as on 31.03.2025
Particulars  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment 
 Less than 
1 year 
1-2 years 2-3 years  More than 
3 years 
 T otal 
(i) MSME  0.64  -  -  -  0.64 
(ii) Others  90.59  -  -  -  90.59 
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv)Disputed dues – Others  -  -  -  -  - 
T otal  91.23  -  -  -  91.23 
 Trade payables
 Ageing schedule as on 31.03.2024
Particulars  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment 
 Less than 
1 year 
1-2 years 2-3 years  More than 
3 years 
 T otal 
(i) MSME  6.55  -  -  -  6.55 
(ii) Others  95.08  -  -  -  95.08 
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv)Disputed dues – Others  -  -  -  -  - 
T otal  101.63  -  -  -  101.63 
44.  TRADE RECEIVABLES
 Ageing schedule as on 31.03.2025
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
 Less than 
6 months 
 6 months - 
1 year 
 1-2 
years 
 2-3 
years 
 More than 
3 years 
 T otal 
(i) Undisputed T rade receivables – considered good*  88.35  -  -  -  -  88.35 
(ii) Undisputed T rade Receivables – which have 
significant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iii) Undisputed T rade Receivables – credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv) Disputed T rade Receivables–considered good  -  -  -  -  -  - 
(v) Disputed T rade Receivables – which have significant 
increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(vi) Disputed T rade Receivables – credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  - 
 88.35  -  -  -  88.35 
 * Includes amount due from Related Parties. Refer Note No. 36 for details
 
[[PAGE 210]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 205 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Trade Receivables
 Ageing schedule as on 31.03.2024
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
 Less than 
6 months 
 6 months - 
1 year 
 1-2 
years 
 2-3 
years 
 More than 
3 years 
 T otal 
(i) Undisputed T rade receivables – considered good  16.75  -  -  -  16.75 
(ii) Undisputed T rade Receivables – which have 
significant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  - 
(iii) Undisputed T rade Receivables – credit impaired  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv) Disputed T rade Receivables–considered good  -  -  -  -  - 
(v) Disputed T rade Receivables – which have significant 
increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  - 
(vi) Disputed T rade Receivables – credit impaired  -  -  -  -  - 
 16.75  -  -  -  16.75 
 * Includes amount due from Related Parties. Refer Note No. 36 for details
45.  TRANSACTIONS WITH THE COMPANIES STRUCK OFF UNDER SECTION 248 OF COMPANIES ACT, 2013 OR SECTION 
560 OF COMPANIES ACT, 1956. DETAILS ARE AS BELOW:
Name of struck off company Nature of 
transactions 
with struck-
off Company
Relationship 
with the 
Struck off 
company, if 
any, to be 
disclosed
Balance 
outstanding 
as at current 
period FY 
2024-25
Balance 
outstanding 
as at current 
period FY 
2023-24
NIL
46.  RATIOS
Ratio Numerator Denominator  As at 
 March 31, 
2025 
 As at 
 March 31, 
2024 
Variance
Current Ratio (In times) (1) Current assets Current liabilities: T otal current 
liabilities - Current maturities 
of non-current borrowings and 
lease obligations
 2.37  37.43 -93.66%
Debt – Equity Ratio (In 
times)
Debt Shareholder’s Equity  NA  NA 
Debt Service Coverage Ratio 
(In times)
EBITDA Debt  NA  NA 
Return on Equity (ROE) (In 
%) (2)
Net Profits after taxes Average Shareholder’s Equity
[Equity: Equity share capital + 
Other equity]
-0.48% 0.14% -434.04%
T rade receivables turnover 
ratio (In times) (3)
T urnover [T urnover: 
Rendering of shared 
services]
Average T rade Receivable  2.95  17.99 -83.60%
T rade payables turnover 
ratio (In times) (4)
Expenses [Expenses: Other
Expenses – Other expenses 
with respect to Royalty, 
Rates & T axes]
Average T rade Payables  3.10  5.33 -41.94%
Net capital turnover ratio (In 
times)(5)
T urnover [T urnover: T otal 
income]
Working Capital  1.57  0.17 806.31%
Net profit ratio (In %)(6) Net Profit T urnover [T urnover: T otal 
income]
-19.99% 3.84% -620.49%
Return on capital employed 
(ROCE) (In %) (7)
Earning before interest and 
taxes
Capital employed [ Equity 
share capital + Other equity]
-0.52% 0.19% -370.42%
Return on Investment(ROI) 
(In %)
Income generated from 
invested funds [Interest 
income + Profit on sale of 
current investments + Fair 
value gain]
Average invested funds in 
current investments
9.32% 7.76% 20.09%
[[PAGE 211]]
206 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
1). The decrease in the Current Ratio as of March 31, 2025, compared to March 31, 2024, is primarily due to an increase 
in current liabilities resulting from advances received against a Non-Current Asset Held for Sale (as detailed in Note 
No. 12), and a simultaneous decrease in current assets. The reduction in current assets is attributed to lower bank 
balances, investments, loans, and other financial assets, the proceeds of which have been largely utilised for investment 
in compulsorily convertible preference shares (classified as equity) of AACSL. This reallocation of funds from short-term 
assets to long-term strategic investments has impacted the company’s temporary short-term liquidity position, thereby 
reducing the Current Ratio.
2)  The decrease in the Ratio of Return on Equity as at March 31, 2025 as compared to March 31, 2024 is primarily due to 
decrease in Revenue from operations during the year.
3)  The decrease in T rade Receivables T urnover Ratio as at March 31, 2025 as compared to March 31, 2024 is primarily due to 
decrease in Revenue from operations from rendering of shared services and increase in average T rade receivables.
4)  The decrease in T rade Payables T urnover Ratio is on account of decrease in total other expenses during the FY 2024-25 in 
comparison to FY 2023-24.
5)  The increase in Net Capital T urnover Ratio as at March 31, 2025 as compared to March 31, 2024 is primarily due to 
decrease in Working Capital.
6)  The decrease in Net Profit Ratio as at March 31, 2025 as compared to March 31, 2024 is primarily due to decreased 
Revenue from Operations during the year.
7)  The decrease in Return on capital employed Ratio as at March 31, 2025 as compared to March 31, 2024 is primarily due to 
loss during the year.
47a.  ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION
i) The title deeds of immovable properties (other than immovable properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) disclosed in the standalone financial statements are held in the 
name of the Company.
ii)  The Company does not have any benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the Com-
pany for holding any benami property.
iii)  The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
iv) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (In-
termediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
(a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the company (ultimate beneficiaries) or
(b)  provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries
v)  The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (funding party) with 
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
(a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or
(b)  provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
vi)  The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
vii)  The Company is not declared wilful defaulter any bank or financial institutions or lender during the year.
viii)  The Company has not created any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory 
period.
ix)  The Company does not have any borrowings. Therefore, no returns or statements of current assets are filed by the Com-
pany.
[[PAGE 212]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 207 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
x)  The Company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right-of-Use Assets) during the year.
xi) The Company does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surren-
dered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income T ax Act, 1961. (such as, search or 
survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income T ax Act, 1961).
47b. OTHERS
i)  The Company has not entered into any derivative instrument during the period. The Company does not have  any foreign 
currency exposures towards receivables, payables or any other derivative instrument that have not been hedged.
ii)  In respect of amounts as mentioned under Section 125 of the Companies Act, 2013, there were no dues required to be 
credited to the Investor Education and Protection Fund as at March 31, 2025.
iii) In the opinion of the Board of Directors, all current assets and long term loans & advances, appearing in the  balance 
sheet as at 31 March 2025 have a value on realization, in the ordinary course of the Company’s business, at least equal to 
the amount at which they are stated in the financial statements. In the opinion of the board of directors, no provision is 
required to be made against the recoverability of these balances.
iv)  No dividend has been declared or paid by the Company.
48.  PAYMENT TO AUDITORS:
 Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 As auditor:   
 Fee for Audit (including Limited Review)  17.25  18.00 
 Reimbursement of expenses  1.42  0.70 
 T otal  18.67  18.70 
49. The Rights Issue Committee of the Board of Directors of Max India Limited (“the Company”), at its meeting held on May 
23,2025, approved the allotment of 82,81,973 equity shares of face value Rs.10/-each at an issue price of Rs.150/-per share, 
including a premium of Rs.140/-per share, aggregating Rs.124.23 crores, on a rights basis, pursuant to the terms and conditions 
specified in the Letter of Offer dated April 25, 2025.
 Rs. 124.23 crores towards the above subscribed shares by eligible shareholders has been fully received by the Company in the 
month of May 2025. 
As per our report of even date
For Ravi Rajan & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 009073N/N500320
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRC6582
For and on the behalf of Max India Limited
Ravi Gujral
Partner
Membership No.: 514254
Rajit Mehta
(Managing Director)
DIN No - 01604819
Place: Gurugram
Niten Malhan
(Director)
DIN No - 00614624
Place : London, UK
Sandeep Pathak
(Chief Financial Officer)
PAN - AKYPP9914E
Place: Gurugram
Trapti
(Company Secretary)
PAN - APZPT2740L
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 30, 2025 Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 213]]
208 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
FINANCIAL 
REVIEW

[[PAGE 214]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 209 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
[[PAGE 215]]
210 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
T o the Members of Max India Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
OPINION
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Financial 
Statements of Max India Limited hereinafter referred to as “the 
Holding Company” and its subsidiaries (the Holding Company 
and its subsidiaries together referred to as the “Group”) and 
its Joint Venture comprising of the Consolidated Balance 
Sheet as at March 31, 2025, and the Consolidated Statement 
of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), 
the Consolidated Cash Flows Statement, and the Consolidated 
Statement of changes in Equity for the year ended on that date, 
and notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements, 
including a summary of material accounting policies and 
other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, and  based on the consideration 
of reports of other auditors on Separate Ind AS Financial 
Statements and on the other Financial Information of six 
(06) Subsidiaries and one (01) Joint Venture, the aforesaid 
Consolidated  Ind AS Financial Statements give the information 
required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner 
so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the 
Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of 
the Act,(“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the 
Group, and its Joint Venture as at March 31, 2025 and their 
consolidated profit, their consolidated total comprehensive 
income, their consolidated  cash flows and the consolidated 
changes in equity for the year ended on that date.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
(SAs), as specified under Section 143(10) of the Act. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further described in 
the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements” section of our report. We are 
independent of the Group and Joint Venture in accordance 
with the ‘Code of Ethics’ issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical 
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements under the provisions of the Act 
and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements 
and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Consolidated Ind 
AS Financial Statements.    
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2025. These matters were addressed in 
the context of our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, 
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For 
the matter below, our description of how our audit addressed 
the matter is provided in that context. We have determined 
the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be 
communicated in our report. 
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s 
responsibilities for the audit of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements section of our report, including in relation to these 
matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of 
procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks 
of material misstatement of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements. The results of our audit procedures performed 
by us and other auditors of components not audited by us, 
as reported by them in their audit reports furnished to us by 
the management, including those procedures performed to 
address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit 
opinion on the accompanying Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
[[PAGE 216]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 211 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
S. No. Key Audit Matters How the matter was addressed in our audit
1. Evaluation of Related Party Transactions 
The Group has entered into several transactions with re-
lated parties during the FY 2024-25 and same constitute 
significant part of Group’s operating revenue comprising 
of income from functional support services, rental income, 
Interest Income and Marketing and Project Fees, Second-
ment fees, Senior Living Management Fee etc.
Other expenses include Maintenance charges, rent paid, 
reimbursement of expenses, Management service charges 
etc. incurred w.r.t transactions with related parties. Secu-
rity Deposits paid/ received/ refunded, Refund of Inter Cor-
porate Deposits, Advance received against non-Current 
asset held for sale, Equity Investment (Unquoted) were 
other related party transactions. (Refer Note No. 38 of 
accompanying Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements)  
Furthermore, for Financial Reporting purposes, Ind AS 24 
Related Party disclosure, requires complete and appropri-
ate disclosure of transactions with related parties.
We identified related party transactions as a key audit 
matter because of risks with respect to completeness of 
disclosures made in the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements; non-compliance with statutory regulations 
governing related party relationships such as the Com-
panies Act 2013 and SEBI Regulations and the judgement 
involved in assessing whether transactions with related 
parties are undertaken at arms’ length.
Our audit procedures included, among others, the follow -
ing: 
• Obtained an understanding of the process for iden-
tifying related party transactions, performed a walk -
through and evaluated the design of controls related 
to the risk identified;
• Sought and obtained balance confirmation from relat-
ed parties
• Verified that the transactions are approved in accor -
dance with internal procedures including involvement 
of key personnel at the appropriate level; 
• Reviewed the supporting documents to evaluate the 
managements’ assertions that the transactions were 
at arm’s length and evaluated the business rationale 
of the transactions;
• Evaluated the rights and obligations per the terms and 
conditions of the agreements and assessed whether 
the transactions were recorded appropriately; 
• Reviewed whether the management have disclosed 
relationships and transactions in accordance with Ind 
AS 24.
• Reviewed the Benchmarking Report on transactions 
undertaken by the Group with the other group entities 
during the FY 2024-25 from a fair market value and 
commercial perspective.
Information Other than the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon 
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for 
the preparation of the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the Management 
Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures 
to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability 
Report, Corporate Governance and Shareholder’s Information, 
but does not include the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements, standalone financial statements and our auditor’s 
report thereon.
Our opinion on the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements 
does not cover the other information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS 
Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other 
information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained in the 
audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in 
this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with 
Governance for the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for 
the preparation and presentation of these Consolidated Ind 
AS Financial Statements in terms of the requirements of the 
Act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial 
position, consolidated financial performance including 
other comprehensive income, consolidated cash flows and 
[[PAGE 217]]
212 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
consolidated statement of changes in equity of the Group 
including its Joint Venture  in accordance with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of 
the Act read  with the companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015, as amended. The respective Board of Directors of 
the companies included in the Group and of its Joint Venture  are 
responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of 
the assets of the Group and of Joint Venture  and for preventing 
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection 
and application of appropriate accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; 
and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
Internal Financial Controls, that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the 
Consolidated Financial Statement that give a true and fair view 
and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of 
the Consolidated  Ind AS Financial Statements by the Directors 
of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements, the 
respective Board of Directors of the companies included  in the 
Group and of its Joint Venture  are responsible for assessing 
the ability of the Group and of its Joint Venture  to continue as 
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless the respective Board of Directors either intends to 
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so. 
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group and of its Joint Venture are also responsible for 
overseeing the Financial Reporting process of the Group and of 
its Joint Venture. 
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE 
CONSOLIDATED IND AS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated Ind 
AS Financial Statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
a. Identify and assess the risk of material misstatement of 
the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risk, and obtain audit evidence that 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control.
b. Obtain an understanding of internal financial control 
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)
(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for 
expressing our opinion on whether the Company and its 
subsidiary companies which are companies incorporated 
in India, has adequate Internal Financial Control system 
with reference to consolidated financial statements in 
place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
c. Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by management.
d. Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast 
significant doubt on the ability of the Group and Joint 
Venture to continue as a going concern. If we conclude 
that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures 
in the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up 
to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events 
or conditions may cause the Group and its Joint Venture to 
cease to continue as a going concern.
e. Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of 
the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Ind AS 
Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions 
[[PAGE 218]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 213 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
f. Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding 
the financial information of the entities within the Group 
and its Joint Venture of which we are the independent 
auditors and whose financial information we have audited, 
to express an opinion on the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements. 
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the 
consolidated financial statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of 
a reasonably knowledgeable user of the consolidated financial 
statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative 
materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of 
our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and 
(ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the 
consolidated financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of 
the Holding Company and such other entities included in the 
Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements of which we are 
the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, 
the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal 
financial control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where 
applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matters or when, in extremely rare circumstances, 
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in 
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so 
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
OTHER MATTER
(a) We did not audit the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements 
and other Financial Information, in respect of one subsidiary 
(Max UK Limited), whose Ind AS Financial Statements include 
total assets of Rs. 61.65 lakhs as at March 31, 2025, and 
total revenues of Rs.  89.06 lakhs and net cash outflows of 
Rs 58.10 lakhs for the year ended on that date. These Ind AS 
financial statement and other financial information have been 
audited by other auditors, which Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements, other Financial Information and auditor’s reports 
have been furnished to us by the management. Our opinion on 
the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements, in so far as it 
relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of 
these subsidiaries and our report in terms of sub-sections (3) 
of Section 143 of the Act, in so far as it relates to the aforesaid 
subsidiaries, is based solely on the reports of such other 
auditors.
(b) The accompanying Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements also include the Group’s share of net profit of Rs. 
75.49 lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2025, as considered 
in the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements, in respect 
of One (01) Joint venture (Contend Builders Private Limited), 
whose Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements, other Financial 
Information have been audited by other auditors and whose 
unaudited Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements, other 
audited Financial Information have been furnished to us by the 
Management. Our opinion, in so far as it relates amounts and 
disclosures included in respect of this joint venture, and our 
report in terms of sub-sections (3) of Section 143 of the Act 
in so far as it relates to the aforesaid joint venture, is based 
solely on such audited Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement 
and other audited Financial Information. In our opinion and 
according to the information and explanations given to us by the 
Management, these Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements 
and other Financial Information are not material to the Group.
Our opinion above on the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements below, is not modified in respect of the above 
matters with respect to our reliance on the work done and 
the reports of the other auditors and the Consolidated Ind AS 
Financial Statements and other Financial Information certified 
by the Management.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
1.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our 
audit and on the consideration of report of the other 
auditors on Separate Ind AS Financial Statements and the 
other Financial Information of subsidiaries, and one (01) 
Joint Venture, as noted in the ‘other matter’ paragraph we 
report, to the extent applicable, that: 
a) We and the other auditors, whose report we have 
relied upon have sought and obtained all the 
[[PAGE 219]]
214 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
information and explanations which to the best of 
our knowledge and belief were necessary for the 
purposes of our audit of the aforesaid Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements;
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law maintained by the group, including relevant 
records relating to preparation of the aforesaid 
Consolidation of the Ind AS Financial Statements have 
been kept so far as it appears from our examination of 
those books and reports of the other auditors; 
c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss including the Statement 
of Other Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated 
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flow dealt with by this Report 
are in agreement with the relevant books of account 
maintained for the purpose of preparation of the 
Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements; 
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Ind 
AS Financial Statements comply with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 
of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended;
e) On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors of the Holding  Company as on 
March 31, 2025 taken on record by the Board of 
Directors of Holding Company and the reports of the 
statutory auditors who are appointed under Section 
139 of the Act, of its subsidiary companies, and 
Joint Venture , none of the directors of the Group’s 
companies, Joint Ventures  in India  is disqualified as 
on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director 
in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act; 
f) With respect to the adequacy and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls of the Internal Financial 
Controls over Financial Reporting with reference to 
these Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements of 
the Holding Company and its six (06) subsidiary 
companies, one (01) Joint Venture incorporated in 
India, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A” to 
this report. 
g) In our opinion, based on the consideration of reports 
of other statutory auditors of the six (06) subsidiaries 
and one (01) Joint Venture incorporated in India, 
the managerial remuneration for the year ended 
March 31, 2025 has been paid / provided by the 
Holding Company, its Subsidiaries and Joint Venture 
incorporated in India to their directors in accordance 
with the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule 
V to the Act;
h) With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, 
as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given 
to us and based on the consideration of the report 
of the other auditors on Separate Ind AS Financial 
Statements as also the other Financial Information of 
the subsidiaries, Joint Venture, as noted in the ‘Other 
matter’ paragraph: 
i. The Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements 
disclose the impact of pending litigations on its 
consolidated financial position of the Group, and 
Joint Venture in its Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements. Refer Note 37b to the Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements;
ii. Provision has been made in the Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements, as required under 
the applicable law or accounting standards, 
for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long-
term contracts including derivative contracts in 
respect of such items as it relates to the Group 
and Joint Ventures and the Group’s share of net 
profit in respect of its Joint Venture;
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, 
if any, required to be transferred, to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the Holding 
Company, its subsidiaries and Joint Venture 
incorporated in India and to the extent applicable 
during the year ended March 31, 2025.
iv. (a) The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, no 
funds have been advanced or loaned or 
invested (either from borrowed funds or 
share premium or any other sources or 
kind of funds) by the Company to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the 
understanding, that the Intermediary shall, 
directly or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner 
[[PAGE 220]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 215 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of 
the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 (b) The Management has represented, that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, no 
funds have been received by the Company 
from any person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with 
the understanding, that the Company shall, 
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding 
Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 (c) Based on the audit procedures performed 
that have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us 
to believe that the representations under 
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as 
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain 
any material mis-statement.
v. (a) The Company did not declare or paid any 
dividend during the year and accordingly, 
reporting under Rule 11(f) of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014 is not 
applicable.
 (b)  No dividend has been declared or paid 
during the year by its subsidiaries and joint 
venture companies, incorporated in India 
and accordingly, reporting under Rule 11(f) 
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules 2014 is not applicable.
vi. (i) Based on our examination which included 
test checks, performed by us on the 
Company and its subsidiaries incorporated 
in India, except for the instances mentioned 
below, have used accounting softwares 
for maintaining their respective books of 
account for the financial year ended March 
31, 2025 which has a feature of recording 
audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has 
operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the softwares. 
Further, during the course of audit, we 
have not come across any instance of the 
audit trail feature being tampered with and 
the audit trail has been preserved by the 
Company as per the statutory requirements 
for record retention.
 (ii) The financial statements of one of the 
subsidiaries Max UK Limited, not material,  
have not been audited under the provisions 
of the Act as of the date of this report. 
Therefore, we are unable to comment on the 
reporting requirement under Rule 11(g) of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014 in respect of this subsidiary.
2.  With respect to the matters specified in clause (xxi) of 
paragraph 3 and paragraph 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s 
Report) Order, 2020 (“CARO”/ “the Order”) issued by 
the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the 
Act, according to the information and explanations given 
to us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us and 
the auditors of the respective companies included in the 
consolidated financial statements to which reporting under 
CARO is applicable, as provided to us by the Management 
of the Holding, we report that there are no qualifications 
or adverse remarks by the respective auditors in the CARO 
reports of the said respective companies included in the 
consolidated financial statements.  
For RAVI RAJAN & CO. LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 009073N/N500320) 
Ravi Gujral
Partner 
(Membership No.514254)
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRD8771
Place: Gurugram
Date: 30th May, 2025
 
[[PAGE 221]]
216 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
In conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS 
Financial Statements of Max India Limited as of and for the year 
ended March 31, 2025, we have audited the Internal Financial 
Controls with reference to consolidated financial statements 
of Max India Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Holding 
Company”) and its subsidiary companies and Joint Venture, 
which are companies incorporated in India, as of that date.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR INTERNAL 
FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
The Board of Directors of the Holding Company, its subsidiary 
companies and Joint Venture, which are companies 
incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and 
maintaining Internal Financial Controls based on the Internal 
Control over Financial Reporting criteria established by the 
Holding Company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. These 
responsibilities include the design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate Internal Financial Controls that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient 
conduct of its business, the safeguarding of its assets, the 
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable Financial Information, as required under 
the Companies Act, 2013. 
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
Internal Financial Controls with reference to these Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements based on our audit. We conducted 
our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the 
“Guidance Note”) and the Standard on Auditing, both issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and deemed 
to be prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 
2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of Internal Financial 
Controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that 
we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate Internal Financial Controls with reference to these 
Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements was established 
and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all 
material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the Internal Financial 
Controls with reference to these Consolidated Ind AS 
Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness. Our 
audit of Internal Financial Controls included obtaining an 
understanding of Internal Financial Controls with reference to 
these Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control 
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor’s judgment, 
including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement 
of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements, whether due 
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, and 
the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of 
their reports referred to in Other Matters paragraph below, 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to 
these Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements. 
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
WITH REFERENCE TO THESE CONSOLIDATED IND AS 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
A company’s internal financial control with reference to these 
Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements is a process designed 
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
Financial Reporting and the preparation of Consolidated Ind 
AS Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s 
Internal Financial Control with reference to these Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records 
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) 
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of Consolidated Ind AS 
Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with 
ANNEXURE “A” REFERRED IN PARAGRAPH 1 UNDER THE HEADING “REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS” OF OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ON THE CONSOLIDATED IND AS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS TO THE 
MEMBERS OF MAX INDIA LIMITED.
REPORT ON THE INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
UNDER CLAUSE (I) OF SUB- SECTION 3 OF SECTION 143 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (“THE ACT”) 
[[PAGE 222]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 217 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
authorizations of management and directors of the company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition 
of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements.
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO THESE CONSOLIDATED 
IND AS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Because of the inherent limitations of Internal Financial 
Controls with reference to these Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper 
management override of controls, material misstatements 
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the Internal Financial Controls 
with reference to these Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the 
Internal Financial Control with reference to these Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements may become inadequate because 
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
OPINION 
In our opinion, and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the Holding Company, its six 
(06) Subsidiary companies and one (01) Joint Venture, which 
are companies incorporated in India except the subsidiary Max 
UK Limited incorporated in United Kingdom, have, maintained 
in all material respects, adequate Internal Financial Controls 
System with reference to these Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements and such Internal Financial Controls with reference 
to these Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements were 
operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the criteria 
for  Internal Financial Control with reference to consolidated 
financial statements established by the Holding Company 
considering the essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. 
For RAVI RAJAN & CO. LLP
Chartered Accountants 
(Firm’s Registration No. 009073N/N500320) 
Ravi Gujral
Partner 
(Membership No. 514254)
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRD8771
Place: Gurugram
Date: 30th May, 2025
 
[[PAGE 223]]
218 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
as at March 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Notes As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
ASSETS
1 Non-Current Assets
(a)  Property, plant and equipment 3a                    5,593.57                    7,178.56 
(b)  Right of Use 3b                    9,719.44                    4,030.02 
(c)  Capital work in progress                    2,069.00                       968.22 
(d)  Investment Property 4                              -                      6,762.57 
(e)  Goodwill                         12.13                         12.13 
(f)  Other Intangible Assets 5                    1,655.90                    1,315.38 
(g)  Investment in joint ventures 6a                    1,248.04                    1,172.54 
(h)  Financial assets
(i)  Investments 6b                       713.23                              -   
(ii)  Loans 7                    2,574.49                    2,307.08 
(iii)  Other financial assets 10                    3,634.45                    9,679.74 
(i)  Non-current tax assets 12                       355.39                       397.39 
(j)  Other non-current assets 14                       148.64                       285.64 
T otal Non-Current Assets                   27,724.29                   34,109.27 
2 Current assets
(a)  Inventories 11                    1,664.10                       612.56 
(b)  Financial assets
(i)  Investments 6b                    3,371.64                    5,173.42 
(ii)  T rade receivables 8                    2,219.97                       494.10 
(iii)  Cash and cash equivalents 9                    2,269.53                   11,603.05 
(iv)  Bank Balances (other than those classified under Cash & 
cash equivalent above)
9a                    8,682.54                    9,298.87 
(v)  Loans 7                              -                             2.78 
(v)  Other financial assets 10                    4,448.61                    3,924.90 
(c)  Current tax assets 12                         15.66                       709.04 
(d)  Other current assets 14                    3,380.40                    2,506.21 
T otal Current Assets                   26,052.45                   34,324.93 
3 Assets classified as held for sale 3c                    9,508.45                              -   
TOTAL ASSETS                   63,285.19                   68,434.20 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
1 Equity
(a)  Equity share capital  15                    4,358.93                    4,317.08 
(b)  Other equity 16                   31,510.18                   44,917.25 
T otal equity                   35,869.11                   49,234.33 
2 Non-current liabilities
(a)  Financial liabilities
(i)  Borrowings 17a                         93.82                         81.89 
(ii)  Lease liability 36                    9,495.19                    3,829.04 
[[PAGE 224]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 219 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Particulars Notes As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
(iii)  Other financial liabilities 19                       344.08                       329.65 
(b)  Provisions 20                       854.76                       961.24 
(c)  Deferred tax liabilities (net) 13                       103.11                       114.21 
T otal non-current liabilities                   10,890.96                    5,316.03 
3 Current liabilities
(a)  Financial liabilities
(i)  Borrowings 17b                         48.94                         36.59 
(ii)  Lease liability 36                       592.05                       409.02 
(iii)  T rade payables 18
 T otal outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
                      259.30                       329.97 
 T otal outstanding dues of creditors other than micro 
enterprises and small enterprises
                   2,839.50                    2,024.19 
(iv)  Other financial liabilities 19                   11,146.84                   10,271.11 
(b)  Other current liabilities 21                    1,436.92                       706.92 
(c)  Current T ax Liabilities                         10.39                         14.55 
(d)  Provisions 20                       191.19                         91.49 
T otal Current Liabilities                   16,525.13                   13,883.84 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                   63,285.19                   68,434.20 
Summary of material accounting policies 2
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements 3-49
As per our report of even date
For Ravi Rajan & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 009073N/N500320
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRD8771
For and on the behalf of Max India Limited
Ravi Gujral
Partner
Membership No.: 514254
Rajit Mehta
(Managing Director)
DIN No - 01604819
Place: Gurugram
Niten Malhan
(Director)
DIN No - 00614624
Place : London, UK
Sandeep Pathak
(Chief Financial Officer)
PAN - AKYPP9914E
Place: Gurugram
Trapti
(Company Secretary)
PAN - APZPT2740L
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 30, 2025 Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 225]]
220 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Particulars Notes For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Income
Revenue from operations 22               14,548.60               17,562.71 
Other income 23                1,868.51                1,910.79 
T otal income               16,417.11               19,473.50 
Expenses
Cost of raw material and components consumed  24                4,328.11                1,315.51 
Decrease in inventories of finished goods and work in progress  25               (1,056.55)                4,496.40 
Employee benefits expense 26                9,657.34                7,820.40 
Non-Executive Directors' Compensation (including Sitting fee) 29a                   409.30                   409.90 
Finance costs 28                   806.17                   466.68 
Depreciation and amortisation expense 27                1,882.29                1,015.22 
Legal & Professional expenses 29b                2,492.35                2,164.14 
Marketing expenses                3,580.71                1,444.04 
Premium expense on Lease surrender                2,247.45                1,700.11 
Other expenses 29                4,743.57                3,654.54 
T otal expenses               29,090.75               24,486.94 
Loss before exceptional items, tax and share of profit/ (loss) of joint 
ventures
            (12,673.64)               (5,013.44)
Share of profit of joint ventures 33                     75.49                   108.33 
Loss before exceptional items and tax             (12,598.15)               (4,905.11)
Exceptional items 48               (1,260.00)                       1.63 
Loss before tax             (13,858.15)               (4,903.48)
T ax expense :
Current tax 13                   213.07                   748.66 
Deferred tax 13                    (15.01)                     16.57 
Income tax adjustment related to earlier years 13                    (17.01)                    (31.06)
T otal tax expense                   181.05                   734.17 
Loss for the year             (14,039.20)               (5,637.65)
Other Comprehensive Income ('OCI')
 Items to be reclassified to the Statement of profit or loss in 
subsequent year:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 30                       3.08                       3.81 
Net Other Comprehensive Income to be reclassified to profit or loss 
in subsequent year
                      3.08                       3.81 
Items not to be reclassified to the Statement of profit or loss in 
subsequent year:
Re-measurement gains/ (losses) on defined benefit plans 30                   112.49                    (23.18)
Net (loss)/ gain on FVTOCI equity Securities 30                       9.85                          -   
Income tax effect on above 30                     (3.91)                       2.65 
Net Other Comprehensive Income not to be reclassified to profit or 
loss in subsequent year
                  118.43                    (20.53)
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                   121.51                    (16.72)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS 
for the period ended March 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
[[PAGE 226]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 221 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Particulars Notes For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
T otal Comprehensive Income for the year             (13,917.69)               (5,654.37)
Loss for the year attributable to
Equity holders of the parent             (14,039.20)               (5,637.65)
Loss for the year             (14,039.20)               (5,637.65)
Other Comprehensive Income attributable to
Equity holders of the parent                   121.51                    (16.72)
Other Comprehensive Income for the year                   121.51                    (16.72)
T otal comprehensive Loss attributable to
Equity holders of the parent             (13,917.69)               (5,654.37)
T otal Comprehensive Loss for the year             (13,917.69)               (5,654.37)
Earning per share attributable to equity holders of the parent (Rs.) 
(Face value of Rs. 10/-):
 31 
Basic                    (32.50)                    (13.08)
Diluted                    (32.50)                    (13.08)
Summary of material accounting policies 2
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements 3-49
As per our report of even date
For Ravi Rajan & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 009073N/N500320
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRD8771
For and on the behalf of Max India Limited
Ravi Gujral
Partner
Membership No.: 514254
Rajit Mehta
(Managing Director)
DIN No - 01604819
Place: Gurugram
Niten Malhan
(Director)
DIN No - 00614624
Place : London, UK
Sandeep Pathak
(Chief Financial Officer)
PAN - AKYPP9914E
Place: Gurugram
Trapti
(Company Secretary)
PAN - APZPT2740L
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 30, 2025 Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 227]]
222 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Particulars Y ear ended
 31.03.2025
Y ear ended
 31.03.2024
A CASH FLOW FROM/ (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Loss before tax:
Loss before tax and exceptional items                 (12,598.15)                  (4,905.11)
Adjustments for:
Interest expense                     13.79                    101.41 
Interest cost on Finance Lease                    753.01                    332.24 
Liabilities/ provisions no longer required written back                    (45.19)                   (131.78)
Depreciation and amortisation expense                   1,882.29                   1,015.22 
Interest Income                  (1,618.54)                  (2,478.44)
Gain on redemption of Mutual Funds (net)                   (182.96)                   (314.87)
Employee stock option expense                    264.51                    570.25 
Loss on sale of assets (net)                     13.92                    127.58 
Adjustment on account of Lease termination                     (6.96)                   (206.30)
Fair value gain on financial assets valued at fair value through profit or loss                    (99.50)                   (118.14)
Effect of change in Foreign currency rate                      3.08                      3.81 
Share of (profit) of joint ventures                    (75.49)                   (108.33)
Exceptional items (Refer Note No. 48)                  (1,260.00)                       -  
Debit balances written back                     25.21                     28.20 
Assets written off                     16.45                     28.72 
Rental Income from Investment Property                   (560.60)                   (374.42)
Operating Loss before working capital changes                (13,475.13)                 (6,429.95)
Working capital changes:
(Increase)/ Decrease in inventories                  (1,051.54)                   4,488.55 
(Increase) in trade receivables (current)                  (1,751.08)                   (254.79)
(Increase)/ Decrease in other financial assets/ other assets (current / non-
current)
                   989.36                  (5,427.08)
(Increase)/ Decrease in loans (current / non-current)                      2.78                     (2.78)
Increase in trade payable (current / non-current)                    744.64                   1,264.45 
Increase/ (Decrease) in provisions (current / non-current)                     (5.82)                    240.74 
Increase in other financial liabilities/ other liabilities (current / non-current)                   1,050.52                    940.49 
Increase/ (Decrease) in other current liabilities                    204.60                  (4,034.18)
Net cash generated from operations                (13,291.67)                 (9,214.55)
Income T ax refund/ (paid)                    531.25                  (1,019.85)
Net cash from operating activities (A)                (12,760.42)                (10,234.40)
B CASH FLOW FROM/ (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible assets                  (2,486.99)                  (1,906.90)
Purchase/ improvement in Investment property                    (52.00)                    (27.68)
Advance from Sale of Investment property                    525.40                       -  
Capital Work-in-progress                  (1,100.78)                   (968.22)
Proceeds from sale of Property, Plant and Equipment                     47.21                      5.05 
Investments in Mutual Fund                  (4,902.70)                  (8,729.46)
Proceeds from redemption of Mutual Funds                   6,986.94                  10,467.66 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
[[PAGE 228]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 223 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Particulars Y ear ended
 31.03.2025
Y ear ended
 31.03.2024
Proceeds from maturity/ (investment) in Fixed Deposits with maturity more 
than 3 months (Net)
                  4,188.58                  11,013.47 
Rental income from Investment Property                    560.60                    374.42 
Investment by wholly owned subsidiary in equity shares of consortium                   (703.38)                       -  
Repayment of loan by Joint venture                       -                    2,225.18 
Proceeds from sale of investment in Joint Venture                       -                     804.33 
Interest received                   1,619.10                   2,606.54 
Net cash from investing activities (B)                  4,681.98                 15,864.38 
C CASH FLOW FROM/ (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Borrowings made/ (Repayment of borrowings)                     24.28                  (2,122.84)
Proceeds from issue of share capital (including security premium)                    278.58                     93.46 
Payment of lease liabilities (Refer Note No. 36)                  (1,544.15)                   (769.04)
Interest paid                    (13.79)                   (101.17)
Net cash (used in) financing activities (C)                 (1,255.07)                 (2,899.60)
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)                  (9,333.52)                   2,730.39 
Cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the year                  11,603.05                   8,872.66 
Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year                  2,269.53                 11,603.05 
Components of Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash on hand                      5.42                      7.17 
Balances with scheduled banks
 - On current accounts                    687.10                    282.04 
 - Other Bank Balances                   1,577.01                  11,313.84 
T otal cash and cash equivalents (Refer Note No. 9)                  2,269.53                 11,603.05 
The above consolidated cash flow statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in Indian Accounting 
Standard (Ind AS) 7- Statement of Cash Flows.
Summary of material accounting policies 2
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements 3-49
As per our report of even date
For Ravi Rajan & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 009073N/N500320
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRD8771
For and on the behalf of Max India Limited
Ravi Gujral
Partner
Membership No.: 514254
Rajit Mehta
(Managing Director)
DIN No - 01604819
Place: Gurugram
Niten Malhan
(Director)
DIN No - 00614624
Place : London, UK
Sandeep Pathak
(Chief Financial Officer)
PAN - AKYPP9914E
Place: Gurugram
Trapti
(Company Secretary)
PAN - APZPT2740L
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 30, 2025 Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 229]]
224 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
A.  Equity share capital
FY 2024-25
Balance at the 
Beginning of the 
current Reporting 
Period
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital Due to 
Prior Period Error
Restated Balance at 
the Beginning of the 
Current Reporting 
Period
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital During 
the current year*
Balance at the End of 
the Previous Current 
Period
4,317.08                   -              4,317.08                41.86             4,358.93 
FY 2023-24
Balance at the Beginning 
of the Previous Reporting 
Period
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital Due 
to Prior Period Error
Restated Balance at 
the Beginning of the 
Previous Reporting 
Period
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital During 
the Previous year*
Balance at the End 
of the Previous 
Reporting Period
4,302.90                   -              4,302.90                14.18             4,317.08 
 * Increase in equity share capital due to exercise of ESOPs.
B. Other equity
Particulars Attributable to the Owners T otal other 
equityReserves and Surplus Other Comprehensive 
Income (OCI)
Securities 
premium
Capital 
reserve
ESOP 
reserve
Retained 
earnings
Foreign 
Currency 
Translation 
Reserve
Other 
items of 
OCI
Balance at the beginning of the 
previous reporting period FY 23-24
511.35 51,572.79 359.55 (2,750.85) 56.00 158.78 49,907.62
Changes in accounting policy or prior 
period adjustment
- - - - - - -
Restated balance at the beginning of 
the previous reporting period
511.35 51,572.79 359.55 (2,750.85) 56.00 158.78 49,907.62
Profit for the year - - - (5,639.27) - - (5,639.27)
Other comprehensive income (Refer 
Note No. 30)
- - - - 3.81 (20.53) (16.72)
Premium on issue of equity shares 
during the year
127.69 - - - - - 127.69
ESOP recognized during the year - - 611.85 - - - 611.85
ESOP forfeited during the year - - (25.51) - - - (25.51)
T ransferred to securities premium on 
exercise of stock options 
- - (48.41) - - - (48.41)
Balance at the end of previous 
reporting period/ beginning of 
current reporting period FY 24-25
639.04 51,572.79 897.48 (8,390.12) 59.81 138.25 44,917.25
Changes in accounting policy or prior 
period adjustment
- - - - - - -
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF  
CHANGES IN EQUITY 
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
[[PAGE 230]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 225 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Particulars Attributable to the Owners T otal other 
equityReserves and Surplus Other Comprehensive 
Income (OCI)
Securities 
premium
Capital 
reserve
ESOP 
reserve
Retained 
earnings
Foreign 
Currency 
Translation 
Reserve
Other 
items of 
OCI
Restated balance at the end of 
previous reporting period/ beginning 
of current reporting period
639.04 51,572.79 897.48 (8,390.12) 59.81 138.25 44,917.25
Profit for the year - - - (14,039.20) - - (14,039.20)
Other comprehensive income (Refer 
Note No. 30)
- - - - 3.08 118.44 121.52
Premium on issue of equity shares 
during the year
387.01 - - - - - 387.01
ESOP recognized during the year - - 297.71 - - - 297.71
ESOP forfeited during the year - - (23.83) - - - (23.83)
T ransferred to securities premium on 
exercise of stock options 
- - (150.28) - - - (150.28)
Balance at the end of current 
reporting period FY 24-25
1,026.05 51,572.79 1,021.08 (22,429.32) 62.89 256.69 31,510.18
Summary of material accounting policies 2
Notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements 3-49
As per our report of even date
For Ravi Rajan & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 009073N/N500320
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRD8771
For and on the behalf of Max India Limited
Ravi Gujral
Partner
Membership No.: 514254
Rajit Mehta
(Managing Director)
DIN No - 01604819
Place: Gurugram
Niten Malhan
(Director)
DIN No - 00614624
Place : London, UK
Sandeep Pathak
(Chief Financial Officer)
PAN - AKYPP9914E
Place: Gurugram
Trapti
(Company Secretary)
PAN - APZPT2740L
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 30, 2025 Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 231]]
226 | Annual Report 2024-25
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION 
 The Company was incorporated on January 23, 2019 under 
the Companies Act, 2013 registered with the Registrar 
of Companies, Mumbai as a wholly owned subsidiary 
Company of erstwhile Max India Limited. The Company 
is authorized, by its Memorandum of Association, inter 
alia, to carry on the business of providing various services 
relating to senior living communities and management 
and consultancy services, shared services, nurturing the 
learning and development objectives for acquisition of 
skills and knowledge, including recruitment personnel 
management in the Company, its affiliates, subsidiaries, 
joint venture companies and other companies including 
those with similar objects as that of the Company. 
 The address of the registered office of the Company is 
167, Floor 1, Plot-167A, Ready Money Mansion, Dr. Annie 
Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai -400018 Maharashtra. 
 Upon the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and 
Arrangement amongst Max India Limited, Max Healthcare 
Institute Limited, Radiant Life Care Private Limited and the 
Company and their respective shareholders and creditors 
(“”the Scheme””) becoming effective, the Company got 
engaged in the activities of making, holding and nurturing 
investments in allied health and associated activities, 
represented by its subsidiary companies (namely Antara 
Senior Living Limited along with its subsidiary Antara 
Purukul Senior Living Limited, Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited, Max Skill First Limited, Antara Bangalore 
Senior Living Limited (Formely Max Ateev Limited) 
(directly held by the Company until May 31, 2024 and held 
through Antara Senior Living Limited w.e.f June 01, 2024) 
and Max UK Limited), coupled with erstwhile Max India’s 
management consultancy services, its related employees, 
contracts, assets and liabilities, (collectively referred to as 
“Allied Health and Associated Activities” and as defined 
in the Scheme), w.e.f. the Appointed date i.e. February 1, 
2019. 
 Subsequently, the Company issued and allotted 
53,786,261 equity shares of Rs 10 each on June 22, 2020 
to the shareholders of erstwhile Max India Limited as on 
the record date i.e. June 15, 2020 and the erstwhile equity 
share capital of the Company of Rs. 500,000 (comprising 
50,000 equity shares of Rs. 10 each) which was fully held 
by erstwhile Max India Limited was cancelled in terms of 
the Composite Scheme.
 Consequently, the Company ceased to be a subsidiary of 
Max India Limited with effect from the Effective Date.
 The Company obtained a fresh certificate of incorporation 
on July 1, 2020, subsequent to the change of its name and  
renamed as Max India Limited. Further, the equity shares 
of the Company were listed on NSE and BSE with effect 
from August 28, 2020.
 During the FY 2022-23, 1,07,57,252 Equity Shares were 
cancelled in accordance with the Scheme for Reduction of 
Capital of the Company.
 The Company also recently concluded a rights issue of Rs. 
124.23 crores, wherein it allotted 82,81,973 equity shares 
of Rs, 10/- each at a premium of Rs. 140 per share.
 Under Companies Act, 2013, Group is defined as parent, 
subsidiaries and joint ventures. For the purpose of these 
financial statements, the aforesaid definition under 
Companies Act, 2013 has been considered.
 The Company has the following 6 subsidiaries and 2 joint 
ventures:
(a)  Antara Senior Living Limited
(b) Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited (held through 
Antara Senior Living Limited),
(c)  Antara Assisted Care Services Limited,
(d)  Max Skill First Limited,
(e)  Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited*, and
(f)  Max UK Limited 
Joint Ventures
(a)  Contend Builders Private Limited
 * The entity (earlier known as Max Ateev Limited) 
was wholly owned subsidiary of Max India Limited 
till 31st May, 2024 and same is held through Antara 
Senior Living Limited w.e.f. 1st June, 2024.
2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION 
(a)  Statement of Compliance 
 The consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting 
Standards (“Ind AS”) as notified by Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs pursuant to Section 133 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as 
amended from time to time and other relevant 
provisions of the Act.
[[PAGE 232]]
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2024-25 | 227 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
 The consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared on accrual and going concern basis. The 
accounting policies are applied consistently to all 
the periods presented in the financial statements 
The consolidated financial statements, for the period 
January 23, 2019 to March 31, 2020, were first 
financial statements of the group which have been 
prepared in accordance with Ind AS and restated to 
include impact of the Scheme.
 The Consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended March 31, 2025 were approved for issue 
in accordance with the resolution of the Board of 
Directors on May 30,2025.
 Material Accounting Policies
(b) Basis of measurement 
 The consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared on the historical cost convention and on an 
accrual basis, except for the following material items 
that have been measured at fair value as required by 
relevant Ind AS:
i. Certain financial assets and liabilities measured 
at amortised cost (refer accounting policy on 
financial instruments); 
ii. Defined benefit and other long-term employee 
benefits. 
iii. Assets held for sale – measured at fair value less 
cost of disposal
 Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of 
the consideration given in exchange for goods and 
services at the time of their acquisition.
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared 
in Indian Rupees, which is the Group’s functional 
and presentation currency. All amounts have been 
rounded-off to the nearest (Rs. 00,000) and two 
decimals thereof, as per the requirement of Schedule 
III to the Companies Act, 2013, except where 
mentioned otherwise. 
(c)  Basis of classifying Assets and Liabilities into 
Current and Non-Current 
 The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition 
of assets for processing and their realisation in cash 
or cash equivalents. 
 The Group presents assets and liabilities in Balance 
Sheet based on current/ non-current classification. 
The Group has presented non-current assets and 
current assets before equity, non-current liabilities 
and current liabilities in accordance with Schedule III, 
Division II of Companies Act, 2013 notified by MCA.
 An asset is classified as current when it is: 
a)  Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or 
consumed in normal operating cycle, 
b)  Held primarily for the purpose of trading, or
c)  Expected to be realised within twelve months 
after the reporting period, or 
d)  Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from 
being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at 
least twelve months after the reporting period. 
All other assets are classified as non-current. 
A liability is classified as current when it is: 
a)  Expected to be settled in normal operating cycle, 
b)  Held primarily for the purpose of trading, 
c)  Due to be settled within twelve months after the 
reporting period, or 
d)  There is no unconditional right to defer the 
settlement of the liability for at least twelve 
months after the reporting period. 
 All other liabilities are classified as non-current. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as 
non-current assets and liabilities.
(d)  Use of estimates and judgement
 In the preparation of the consolidated financial 
statements, the Group makes judgements in the 
application of accounting policies; and estimates an 
assumptions which affects carrying values of assets 
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other 
sources. The estimates and associated assumptions 
are based on historical experience and other factors 
that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may 
differ from these estimates.
 Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed 
on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
[[PAGE 233]]
228 | Annual Report 2024-25
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
estimates are recognised in the period in which the 
estimate is revised and future periods affected.
 The Group uses the following critical accounting 
estimates and judgements in preparation of its 
consolidated financial statements.
 Impairment
 The Group estimates the recoverable value of the cash 
generating unit (CGU) based on future cash flows 
after considering current economic conditions and 
trends, estimated future operating results and growth 
rates, anticipated future economic and regulatory 
conditions and the impact of climate change which 
may result in a change of current production process 
given the decarbonisation plan of the Group. The 
estimated cash flows are developed using internal 
forecasts. The cash flows are discounted using a 
suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present 
value. Further details of the Group’s impairment 
review and key assumptions are forming part of the 
consolidated financial statements.
(e)  Basis of consolidation
 The consolidated financial statements relate to 
Parent company, subsidiaries and joint venture 
(‘Group’). Subsidiary are those entities in which the 
Parent directly or indirectly, has interest more than 
50% of the voting power or otherwise control the 
composition of the board or governing body so as to 
obtain economic benefits from activities. The Group 
controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has 
rights to, variable returns from its involvement with 
the entity and has the ability to affect those returns 
through its power to direct the relevant activities of 
the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from 
the date on which control is transferred to the Group. 
They are deconsolidated from the date that control 
ceases. 
 Under Ind AS 111, Joint Arrangements, investments 
in joint arrangements are classified as either joint 
operations or joint ventures. The classification 
depends on the contractual rights and obligations 
of each investor, rather than the legal structure of 
the joint arrangement. The consolidated financial 
statements have been prepared on the following 
basis:- 
a)  The financial statements of the subsidiaries 
are combined on a line-by–line basis by adding 
together the like items of assets, liabilities, 
income and expenses after fully eliminating intra-
group balances and intra-group transactions and 
unrealized profits or losses in accordance with 
IND AS 110 –‘Consolidated Financial Statements’ 
notified under Section 133 of the Act, read with 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 as amended time to time.
b) Interest in joint ventures are consolidated using 
equity method as per IND AS 28 – ‘Investment 
in Associates and Joint Ventures’. Under the 
equity method of accounting, the investments 
are initially recognised at cost and adjusted 
thereafter, post-acquisition attributable profit/
losses are adjusted in the carrying value of 
investment upto the Group investment in the 
joint venture.
c)  In the case of foreign subsidiaries, being non-
integral foreign operations, revenue items are 
consolidated at the average exchange rates 
prevailing during the year. All assets and 
liabilities are converted at rates prevailing at 
the end of the year. Components of equity are 
translated at closing rate. Any gain / (Loss) on 
exchange difference arising on consolidation is 
recognized in the Foreign Currency T ranslation 
Reserve (FCTR).
d) The consolidated financial statements are 
prepared using uniform accounting policies 
for like transactions and other events in similar 
circumstances and are presented in the same 
manner as the companies separate financial 
statements.
(f)  Business combinations and Goodwill
 Pursuant to the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation 
and Arrangement amongst erstwhile Max India 
Limited, Max Healthcare Institute Limited, Radiant 
Life Care Private Limited and Advaita Allied Health 
Services Limited (“”the Company””) under the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Composite Scheme”) 
becoming effective on June 1, 2020, the Allied Health 
and Associated Activities Undertaking as defined 
under the Composite Scheme was demerged from 
the erstwhile Max India Limited and vested into the 
Company with effect from the Appointed Date of the 
[[PAGE 234]]
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2024-25 | 229 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Composite Scheme i.e. February 1, 2019.  
 The Allied Health and Associated Activities 
Undertaking as defined under the Composite Scheme 
included the Investments held by Max India in the 
following companies-
• Max Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited. 
• Antara Senior Living Limited (“ASL”). 
• Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited held 
through ASL. 
• Antara Assisted Care Services Ltd. 
• Pharmax Corporation Limited. 
• Max Skill First Limited (“MSFL”). 
• Max One Distribution and Services Limited held 
through MSFL. 
• Max Ateev Limited. 
• Max UK Limited. 
 Since this was a business combination of entities or 
businesses under common control, Appendix C of Ind 
AS 103- Business Combinations became applicable 
and Pooling of Interest Method was applied.
 The pooling of interest method is considered to 
involve the following:
(i)  The assets and liabilities of the combining 
entities are reflected at their carrying amounts.
(ii)  No adjustments are made to reflect fair values, 
or recognise any new assets or liabilities. The 
only adjustments that are made are to harmonise 
accounting policies.
(iii) The financial information in the financial 
statements in respect of prior periods should 
be restated as if the business combination had 
occurred from the beginning of the preceding 
period in the financial statements, irrespective 
of the actual date of the combination. However, 
if business combination had occurred after 
that date, the prior period information shall be 
restated only from that date.
• The consideration for the business combination may 
consist of securities, cash or other assets. Securities 
shall be recorded at nominal value. In determining 
the value of the consideration, assets other than cash 
shall be considered at their fair values.
• The balance of the retained earnings appearing in the 
financial statements of the transferor is aggregated 
with the corresponding balance appearing in the 
financial statements of the transferee. Alternatively, 
it is transferred to General Reserve, if any.
• The identity of the reserves are preserved and 
are appearing in the financial statements of the 
transferee in the same form in which they appeared 
in the financial statements of the transferor. Thus, 
for example, the General Reserve of the transferor 
entity becomes the General Reserve of the transferee, 
the Capital Reserve of the transferor becomes the 
Capital Reserve of the transferee and the Revaluation 
Reserve of the transferor becomes the Revaluation 
Reserve of the transferee. As a result of preserving the 
identity, reserves which are available for distribution 
as dividend before the business combination would 
also be available for distribution as dividend after 
the business combination. The difference, if any, 
between the amount recorded as share capital issued 
plus any additional consideration in the form of cash 
or other assets and the amount of share capital of 
the transferor is transferred to capital reserve and 
presented separately from other capital reserves with 
disclosure of its nature and purpose in the notes.
(g)  Investment in Joint Ventures
 An associate is an entity over which the Group has 
significant influence. Significant influence is the 
power to participate in the financial and operating 
policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or 
joint control over those policies.
 A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby 
the parties that have joint control of the arrangement 
have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint 
control is the contractually agreed sharing of control 
of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions 
about the relevant activities require unanimous 
consent of the parties sharing control.
 The considerations made in determining whether 
significant influence or joint control are similar 
to those necessary to determine control over the 
subsidiaries.
 The Group’s investments in its Joint Venture are 
accounted for using the equity method under Ind AS 
28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures. 
Under the equity method, the investment in a Joint 
Venture is initially recognised at cost. The carrying 
amount of the investment is adjusted to recognise 
[[PAGE 235]]
230 | Annual Report 2024-25
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
changes in the Group’s share of net assets of the 
associate or joint venture since the acquisition date. 
Goodwill relating to the Joint Venture is included in 
the carrying amount of the investment and is not 
tested for impairment individually.
 The statement of profit and loss reflects the Group’s 
share of the results of operations of the associate or 
joint venture. Any change in OCI of those investees 
is presented as part of the Group’s OCI. In addition, 
when there has been a change recognised directly in 
the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group 
recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, 
in the statement of changes in equity. Unrealised 
gains and losses resulting from transactions between 
the Group and the associate or joint venture are 
eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associate 
or joint venture.
 If an entity’s share of losses of an associate or a 
joint venture equals or exceeds its interest in the 
associate or joint venture (which includes any long 
term interest that, in substance, form part of the 
Group’s net investment in the associate or joint 
venture), the entity discontinues recognising its share 
of further losses. Additional losses are recognised 
only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or 
constructive obligations or made payments on behalf 
of the associate or joint venture. If the associate or 
joint venture subsequently reports profits, the entity 
resumes recognising its share of those profits only 
after its share of the profits equals the share of losses 
not recognised.
 The aggregate of the Group’s share of profit or loss of 
an associate and a joint venture is shown on the face 
of the statement of profit and loss.
 The financial statements of the associate or joint 
venture are prepared for the same reporting period as 
the Group. When necessary, adjustments are made to 
bring the accounting policies in line with those of the 
Group.
 After application of the equity method, the Group 
determines whether it is necessary to recognise an 
impairment loss on its investment in its associate 
or joint venture. At each reporting date, the Group 
determines whether there is objective evidence 
that the investment in the associate or joint venture 
is impaired. If there is such evidence, the Group 
calculates the amount of impairment as the difference 
between the recoverable amount of the associate 
or joint venture and its carrying value, and then 
recognises the loss as ‘Share of profit of an associate 
and a joint venture’ in the statement of profit or loss.
 Upon loss of significant influence over the associate 
or joint control over the joint venture, the Group 
measures and recognises any retained investment 
at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying 
amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss 
of significant influence or joint control and the fair 
value of the retained investment and proceeds from 
disposal is recognised in profit or loss”
(h)  Property, plant and equipment
1.  Property, Plant and equipment including 
capital work in progress are stated at cost, less 
accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses, if any. The cost will comprise 
of purchase price, taxes, duties, freight and 
other incidental expenses directly attributable 
and related to acquisition and installation of 
the concerned assets and are further adjusted 
by the amount of GST credit and other credits 
availed wherever applicable. Recurring repair and 
maintenance costs are recognized in profit or 
loss as incurred. 
2.  Property, plant and equipment not ready for their 
intended use as on the balance sheet date are 
disclosed as “Capital work-in-progress”. Such 
items are classified to the appropriate category of 
property, plant and equipment when completed 
and ready for their intended Advances given 
towards acquisition/ construction of property, 
plant and equipment outstanding at each balance 
sheet date are disclosed as Capital Advances 
under “Other non-current assets”.
3.  Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s 
carrying amount or recognised as a separate 
asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable 
that future economic benefits associated with 
the item will flow to the group and the cost of the 
item can be measured reliably.  
4.  An item of property, plant and equipment 
and any significant part initially recognised 
is derecognised upon disposal or when no 
future economic benefits are expected from 
its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on 
de-recognition of the asset (calculated as the 
[[PAGE 236]]
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2024-25 | 231 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
difference between the net disposal proceeds and 
the carrying amount of the asset) is included in 
the statement of profit and loss in “other income 
/ (expenses)” when the asset is derecognised 
when the asset is derecognised.
 The residual values, useful lives and methods of 
depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
are reviewed at each financial year end and 
adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
5.  Cost of T angible Assets, less its residual value, are 
depreciated to the residual values on a straight-
line basis over the estimated useful lives based 
on technical estimates which are different than 
those specified by Schedule II to the Companies 
Act 2013, in order to reflect the actual usage of 
the assets.  Assets residual values and useful 
lives are reviewed at each financial year end 
considering the physical condition of the assets 
and benchmarking analysis or whenever there 
are indicators for review of residual value and 
useful life. Estimated useful lives of the assets are 
as follows:
Asset Type  
 
Estimated Useful Life 
(In Y ears)
Building and 
Investment Property
60 years
Furniture and 
Fixtures 
10 years
Office Equipment 3-5 years
IT Equipment (End 
user devices. Servers 
and Networks)           
3-6 years 
Vehicles 3-10 years 
Leasehold 
Improvement
9-10 years*
Bio-Medical 
Equipment
13 years
Horticulture Work 3 years
Medical Equipment-
Rental Assets
3 Y ears
 * Lease hold improvements are depreciated over 
lease term which is generally of 9 years. In few 
cases lease hold improvements are depreciated 
over 10 years as management has expected 
useful life of lease hold improvement as 10 years.
 Cost of asset having value of Rs. 5,000 or less written 
off in the year of acquisition.
 The management believes that these estimated useful 
lives are realistic and reflect fair approximation of the 
period over which the assets are likely to be used.
(i)  Intangible assets
 Intangible assets acquired separately are measured 
on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible 
assets acquired in a business combination is their 
fair value at the date of acquisition. Following initial 
recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less 
any accumulated amortisation and accumulated 
impairment losses. Internally generated intangibles, 
excluding capitalised development costs, are not 
capitalised and the related expenditure is reflected in 
profit or loss in the period in which the expenditure is 
incurred.
Amortization of intangible assets such as software 
is computed on a straight-line basis, at the rates 
representing estimated useful life of up to 5 years. The 
brands and trademarks acquired as part of business 
combinations normally have a remaining legal life of 
not exceeding ten years but is renewable every ten 
years at little cost and is well established.
Intangible assets not ready for their intended use as 
on the balance sheet date are disclosed as “Intangible 
assets under development”.
Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over 
the useful economic life and assessed for impairment 
whenever there is an indication that the intangible 
asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and 
the amortisation method for an intangible asset with 
a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end 
of each reporting period. Changes in the expected 
useful life or the expected pattern of consumption 
of future economic benefits embodied in the asset 
are considered to modify the amortisation period or 
method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in 
accounting estimates. The amortisation expense on 
intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in the 
statement of profit and loss unless such expenditure 
forms part of carrying value of another asset.
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not 
amortised, but are tested for impairment annually, 
either individually or at the cash-generating unit level. 
The assessment of indefinite life is reviewed annually 
to determine whether the indefinite life continues to 
be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from 
indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.
Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an 
[[PAGE 237]]
232 | Annual Report 2024-25
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
intangible asset are measured as the difference 
between the net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amount of the asset and are recognised 
in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is 
derecognised.”
(j)  Investment property    
Recognition and initial measurement
1. Investment properties are properties held to 
earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. 
As per Ind AS 40, Investment properties are 
measured initially at their cost of acquisition, 
including transaction costs. The cost comprises 
purchase price, borrowing cost, if capitalization 
criteria are met and directly attributable cost 
of bringing the asset to its working condition 
for the intended use. Any trade discount and 
rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase 
price. When significant parts of the investment 
property are required to be replaced at intervals, 
the group depreciates them separately based 
on their specific useful lives. Subsequent costs 
are included in the asset’s carrying amount or 
recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, 
only when it is probable that future economic 
benefits associated with the item will flow to the 
group. All other repair and maintenance costs 
are recognised in statement of profit or loss as 
incurred. The cost includes the cost of replacing 
parts if the recognition criteria are met. 
2. T ransfers are made to (or from) investment 
property only when there is a change in use. 
For a transfer from investment property to 
owner-occupied property, the deemed cost for 
subsequent accounting is the carrying value at 
the date of change in use.
 Subsequent measurement (depreciation and 
useful lives)
 Investment properties are subsequently 
measured at cost less accumulated depreciation 
and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
 Depreciation on investment properties is 
provided on the straight-line method over the 
useful lives of the assets as per Schedule II of the 
Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time. 
Asset Type Useful life
Building 60 years
 De-recognition
 Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an 
intangible asset are measured as the difference 
between the net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amount of the asset and are recognised 
in the statement of profit or loss when the asset 
is derecognised.
(k)  Leases 
 Group as a lessee: 
 The group’s lease asset classes primarily consist 
of leases for Building, Furniture and Investment 
Properties. The group assesses at contract inception 
whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. The group 
enters into lease arrangements for leasing of self-
owned Building and Investment Property.  A contract 
is, or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right 
to control the use of an identified asset for a period of 
time in exchange of consideration. T o assess whether 
a contract conveys the right to control the use of an 
asset the group assesses whether:
(i)  The contract involves the use of an identified asset 
– this may be specified explicitly or implicitly, 
and should be physically distinct or represent 
substantially all of the capability of a physical 
distinct asset. If the supplier has a substantive 
substitution right, then the asset is not identified 
(ii)  The group has the right to obtain substantially all 
of the economic benefits from use of the asset 
throughout the period of use; and  
(iii) The group has the right to direct the use of the 
asset. The group has this right when it has the 
decision making rights that are most relevant to 
changing how and for what purpose the asset is 
used.
Lease accounting as a Lessee 
Initial Recognition
Right of use Asset (ROU) 
The group recognises a right-of-use asset and a 
[[PAGE 238]]
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2024-25 | 233 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
lease liability at the lease commencement date. At 
the commencement date, a lessee shall measure 
the right-of-use asset at cost which comprises 
initial measurement of the lease liability, any lease 
payments made at or before the commencement 
date, less any lease incentives received, any initial 
direct costs incurred by the lessee; and an estimate of 
costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and 
removing the underlying asset, restoring the site on 
which it is located or restoring the underlying asset 
to the condition required by the terms and conditions 
of the lease. 
The ROU asset is depreciated as per the depreciation 
requirements in Ind AS 16 Property, Plant and 
Equipment
Lease Liability 
At the commencement date, a lessee measures the 
lease liability at the present value of the lease payments 
that are not paid at that date. The lease payments 
shall be discounted using the interest rate implicit in 
the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that 
rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee shall 
use the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate.
Subsequent measurement
Subsequent measurement of the right-of-use asset 
after the commencement date is at cost model, 
the value of right-of-use asset is initially measured 
at cost less accumulated depreciation and any 
accumulated impairment loss and adjustment for any 
re-measurement of the lease liability.
The right-of-use asset is depreciated from the 
commencement date to the earlier of the end of the 
useful life of the asset or the end of lease term, unless 
lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset 
to the group by the end of the lease term or if the 
cost of the right-of-asset reflects that the group will 
exercise a purchase option, in such case the group will 
depreciate asset to the end of the useful life.
Right-of-use asset and lease liability are presented 
on the face of balance sheet. Depreciation charge 
on right-to-use is presented under depreciation 
expense as a separate line item. Interest charge on 
lease liability is presented under finance cost as a 
separate line item. Under the cash flow statement, 
cash flow from lease payments including interest are 
presented under financing activities. Short-term lease 
payments, payments for leases of low-value assets 
and variable lease payments that are not included in 
the measurement of the lease liabilities are presented 
as cash flows from operating activities.
Short-term lease and leases of low-value assets 
The group has elected not to recognise right-of-use 
assets and lease liabilities for short- term leases that 
have a lease term of less than 12 months or less and 
leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises the 
lease payments associated with these leases as an 
expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
The election for short-term leases shall be made by 
class of underlying asset to which the right of use 
relates. A class of underlying asset is a grouping 
of underlying assets of a similar nature and use in 
group’s operations. The election for leases for which 
the underlying asset is of low value can be made on a 
lease-by-lease basis.
Lease Accounting by lessor 
The Group as a lessor need to classify each of its 
leases either as an operating lease or a finance lease. 
A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers 
substantially all the risks and rewards incidental 
to ownership of an underlying asset. A lease is 
classified as an operating lease if it does not transfer 
substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to 
ownership of an underlying asset. 
Finance lease 
At the commencement date, the lessor will recognise 
assets held under a finance lease in its balance sheet 
and present them as a receivable at an amount equal 
to the net investment in the lease. Net investment is 
the discount value of lease receipts net of initial direct 
costs using the interest rate implicit in the lease. For 
subsequent measurement of finance leased assets, 
the group will recognise interest income over the 
lease period, based on a pattern reflecting a constant 
periodic rate of return on the group’s net investment 
in the lease. The group has no arrangement as a 
Lessor which qualifies to be Finance Lease.
Operating lease 
The group recognises lease receipts from operating 
leases as income on either a straight-line basis or 
[[PAGE 239]]
234 | Annual Report 2024-25
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
another systematic basis. The Group will recognise 
costs, including depreciation incurred in earning the 
lease income as expense.
Effective April 1, 2019, the group adopted Ind AS 116 
“Leases”. However, there was no contracts existing 
on April 1, 2019 and hence there is no impact on the 
group’s retained earnings.
(l)  Impairment of non-financial assets 
The group assesses at each reporting date whether 
there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. 
If any indication exists, or when annual impairment 
testing for an asset is required, the group estimates the 
asset’s recoverable amount. An asset‘s recoverable 
amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash generating 
units’ (CGUs) fair value less cost of disposal and its 
value in use. The recoverable amount is determined 
for an individual asset, unless the asset does not 
generate cash inflows that are largely independent 
of those from other assets or group of assets. When 
the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its 
recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired 
and is written down to its recoverable amount. 
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash 
flows are discounted to their present value using a 
pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market 
assessments of the time value of money and the risks 
specific to the asset. In determining net selling price, 
recent market transactions are taken into account, if 
available. If no such transactions can be identified, 
an appropriate valuation model is used. These 
calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples, 
quoted share prices for publicly traded companies or 
other available fair value indicators.
In determining fair value less cost of disposal, recent 
market transactions are taken into account.
The group bases its impairment calculation on 
detailed budgets and forecast calculations, which 
are prepared separately for each of the group’s CGUs 
to which the individual assets are allocated. These 
budgets and forecast calculations generally cover a 
period of five years. For longer periods, a long-term 
growth rate is calculated and applied to project future 
cash flows after the fifth year. T o estimate cash flow 
projections beyond periods covered by the most 
recent budgets/forecasts, the group extrapolates 
cash flow projections in the budget using a steady or 
declining growth rate for subsequent years, unless 
an increasing rate can be justified. In any case, this 
growth rate does not exceed the long-term average 
growth rate for the products, industries, or country 
or countries in which the entity operates, or for the 
market in which the asset is used.
Impairment losses of continuing operations, are 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss. After 
impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised 
carrying amount of the asset over its remaining useful 
life.
For assets, an assessment is made at each reporting 
date to determine whether there is an indication that 
previously recognised impairment losses no longer 
exist or have decreased. If such indication exists, the 
group estimates the asset’s or CGU’s recoverable 
amount. A previously recognised impairment 
loss is reversed only if there has been a change 
in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s 
recoverable amount since the last impairment loss 
was recognised. The reversal is limited so that the 
carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its 
recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount 
that would have been determined, net of depreciation, 
had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset 
in prior years. Such reversal is recognised in the 
statement of profit or loss unless the asset is carried 
at a revalued amount, in which case, the reversal is 
treated as a revaluation increase. 
(m) Provisions, Contingent liabilities, Contingent 
Assets, and Commitments  
 Provisions
 A provision is recognised when the group has a 
present obligation (legal or constructive) as a 
result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow 
of resources embodying economic benefits will 
be required to settle the obligation and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. 
When the group expects some or all of a provision 
to be reimbursed, for example, under an insurance 
contract, the reimbursement is recognised as a 
separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is 
virtually certain. The expense relating to a provision 
is presented in the statement of profit and loss net of 
any reimbursement.   
[[PAGE 240]]
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2024-25 | 235 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
 If the effect of the time value of money is material, 
provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate 
that reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to 
the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in 
the provision due to the passage of time is recognised 
as a finance cost. 
Contingent liabilities
Contingent liabilities are disclosed in the notes. 
Contingent liabilities are disclosed for 
(1)  Possible obligations which will be confirmed only 
by future events not wholly within the control of 
the group or 
(2) Present obligations arising from past events where 
it is not probable that an outflow of resources will 
be required to settle the obligation or a reliable 
estimate of the amount of the obligation cannot 
be made. Contingent assets are not recognised in 
the consolidated financial statements. However, 
the same are disclosed in the consolidated 
financial statements where an inflow of economic 
benefit is probable
 Contingent assets are recognized when the realisation 
of income is virtually certain, then the related asset 
is not a contingent asset and its recognition is 
appropriate. A contingent asset is disclosed where an 
inflow of economic benefits is probable.
 Provisions, contingent liabilities, contingent assets 
and commitments are reviewed at each reporting 
date.
(n)  Retirement and other Employee Benefits
I.  Defined contribution plan 
 Max India Limited (Parent company) contribute 
to provident fund through a trust “Max Financial 
Services Limited Provident Fund T rust” managed 
by Max Financial Services Limited (erstwhile Max 
India Limited) whereby amounts determined 
at a fixed percentage of basic salaries of the 
employees are deposited to the trust every 
month. The benefit vests upon commencement 
of the employment. The interest rate payable 
by the trust to the beneficiaries every year is 
notified by the government and the Group has 
an obligation to make good the shortfall, if any, 
between the return from the investments of the 
trust and the notified interest rate. The Group 
has obtained actuarial valuation to determine 
the shortfall, if any, as at the Balance Sheet date. 
The Group recognises contribution payable to 
the provident fund as an expense, when the 
employee renders the related service.
 The rest of the companies of the group deposit 
the contribution to respective Provident Fund 
Authority.
II.  Defined benefit plan
 The Group’s gratuity fund scheme and post 
employment benefit scheme are considered 
as defined benefit plans. The group’s liability is 
determined on the basis of an actuarial valuation 
using the projected unit credit method as at the 
balance sheet date.
 Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial 
gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling, 
excluding amounts included in net interest on 
the net defined benefit liability and the return 
on plan assets (excluding amounts included in 
net interest on the net defined benefit liability), 
are recognized immediately in the Balance Sheet 
with a corresponding debit or credit to retained 
earnings through OCI in the period in which they 
occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to 
profit or loss in subsequent periods.
 Net interest is calculated by applying the discount 
rate to the net defined benefit (liabilities/ assets). 
The Group recognized the following changes 
in the net defined benefit obligation under 
employee benefit expenses in statement of profit 
and loss.
(i)  Service cost comprising current service cost, 
past service cost, gain & loss on curtailments 
and non routine settlements.
(ii)  Net interest expenses or income.
III.  Short term employee benefits 
a.  Short term employee benefits that are 
expected to be settled wholly within 12 
months after the end of the period in 
which the employees render the related 
service are recognised as an expense at 
[[PAGE 241]]
236 | Annual Report 2024-25
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
the undiscounted amount in the statement 
of profit and loss of the year in which the 
related service is rendered. 
b.  Accumulated Compensated absences, 
which are expected to be settled wholly 
within 12 months after the end of the 
period in which the employees render the 
related service, are treated as short term 
employee benefits. The Group measures 
the expected cost of such absences as the 
additional amount that it expects to pay as 
a result of the unused entitlement that has 
accumulated at the reporting date.
IV.  Other long-term employee benefits 
 Benefits under the Group’s leave encashment 
constitute other long term employee benefits. 
 The group’s obligation in respect of leave 
encashment is the amount of future benefit that 
employees have earned in return for their service 
in the current and prior periods; that benefit 
is discounted to determine its present value. 
The discount rate is based on the prevailing 
market yields of Indian government securities 
as at the reporting date that have maturity 
dates approximating the terms of the group’s 
obligations. The calculation is performed using 
the projected unit credit method. Any actuarial 
gains or losses are recognized in profit or loss in 
the period in which they arise.
 The employees can carry-forward a portion of the 
un-utilize accrued compensated absences and 
utilize it in future service periods or receive cash 
compensation during employment as per policy 
of the group or on termination of employment. 
Since the compensated absences do not fall due 
wholly within twelve months after the end of the 
period in which the employees render the related 
service and are also not expected to be utilized 
wholly within twelve months after the end of 
such period, the benefit is classified as a long-
term employee benefit. The group records an 
obligation for such compensated absences in the 
period in which the employee renders the services 
that increase this entitlement. The obligation is 
measured on the basis of independent actuarial 
valuation using the projected unit credit method.
 Re‐measurement of employee benefits including 
actuarial gains and losses are recognized in the 
balance sheet with a corresponding debit or 
credit to retained earnings through Statement of 
Profit and Loss or Other Comprehensive Income 
in the year of occurrence, as the case may be. 
Remeasurements   are not reclassified to the 
Statement of Profit and Loss in subsequent.
(o) Financial Instruments – Initial recognition, 
subsequent measurement and impairment
 A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise 
to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability 
or equity instrument of another entity.
(i)  Financial Assets 
 Financial Assets are classified at amortised cost 
or fair value through Profit or Loss, depending on 
its business model for managing those financial 
assets and the assets contractual cash flow 
characteristics. 
For assets measured at fair value, gains and 
losses will either be recorded in profit or loss. For 
investments in debt instruments, this will depend 
on the business model in which the investment 
is held. 
For investments in equity instruments, this 
will depend on whether the group has made 
an irrevocable election at the time of initial 
recognition to account for the equity investment 
at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. 
The group reclassifies debt investments when 
and only when its business model for managing 
these assets changes. 
For impairment purposes significant financial 
assets are tested on an individual basis, other 
financial assets are assessed collectively in the 
group that share similar credit risk characteristics. 
Measurement 
At initial recognition, the group measures a 
financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case 
of a financial asset not at fair value through 
profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition of the financial 
[[PAGE 242]]
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2024-25 | 237 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
asset. T ransaction costs of financial assets 
carried at fair value through profit or loss are 
expensed in profit or loss. 
Investment in Debt instruments 
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments 
depends on the group’s business model 
for managing the asset and the cash flow 
characteristics of the asset. The Group measures 
all its Debt instrument either at amortised cost ot 
at fair value through profit or loss. 
•  Amortised cost: Assets that are held for 
collection of contractual cash flows where 
those cash flows represent solely payments 
of principal and interest are measured at 
amortised cost. Financial assets classified at 
amortised cost are subsequently measured 
at amortised cost using the effective 
interest rate (EIR) method. Amortised cost 
is calculated by taking into account any 
discount or premium on acquisition and fees 
or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. 
Interest income from these financial assets 
is included in finance income using the 
effective interest rate method. 
•  Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL): 
Any financial asset that does not meet the 
criteria for classification as at amortized cost 
or as financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income, is classified as 
at financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss. Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss are at each reporting date fair 
valued with all the changes recognized in the 
statement of profit or loss. 
 Trade receivables 
 A receivable is classified as a ‘trade receivable’ if 
it is in respect to the amount due from customers 
on account of services rendered in the ordinary 
course of business. 
 The group recognises lifetime expected credit 
losses for all trade receivables that do not 
constitute a financing transaction.
 Impairment is made on the expected credit 
losses, which are the present value of the cash 
shortfalls over the expected life of financial 
assets. The impairment methodology applied 
depends on whether there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk. The estimated impairment 
losses are recognised in a separate provision 
for impairment and the impairment losses are 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss 
within other expenses. 
 Subsequent changes in assessment of 
impairment are recognised in provision for 
impairment and the change in impairment losses 
are recognised in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss within other expenses. For foreign currency 
trade receivable, impairment is assessed after 
reinstatement at closing rates. Individual 
receivables which are known to be uncollectible 
are written off by reducing the carrying amount 
of trade receivable and the amount of the loss is 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss 
within other expenses. Subsequent recoveries 
of amounts previously written off are credited to 
other Income Investment in equity instruments 
 Derecognition 
 A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a 
financial asset) is primarily derecognised when: 
(a) The rights to receive cash flows from the 
asset have expired, or 
(b) the group has transferred substantially all the 
risks and rewards of the asset, or 
(c) the group has neither transferred nor retained 
substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset but has transferred control of the 
asset. 
(ii)  Financial liabilities and equity instruments
 Classification as debt or equity Debt and equity 
instruments issued by the group are classified 
as either financial liabilities or as equity in 
accordance with the substance of the contractual 
arrangements and the definitions of a financial 
liability and an equity instrument. 
a.  Equity instruments 
 An equity instrument is any contract 
that evidences a residual interest in the 
[[PAGE 243]]
238 | Annual Report 2024-25
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
assets of an entity after deducting all of 
its liabilities. Equity instruments issued 
by the parent company are recognised at 
the proceeds received, net of direct issue 
costs. Repurchase of the parent company’s 
own equity instruments is recognised and 
deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss 
is recognised in the statement of profit 
and loss on the purchase, sale, issue or 
cancellation of the parent company’s own 
equity instruments
b.  Financial Liabilities 
 Classification 
 The group classifies all financial liabilities 
measured at amortised cost. 
 Initial recognition and measurement 
 At initial recognition, all financial liabilities 
other than fair valued through profit and 
loss are recognised initially at fair value less 
transaction costs that are attributable to 
the issue of financial liability. T ransaction 
costs of financial liability carried at fair value 
through profit or loss is expensed in profit or 
loss.
 After initial recognition, financial liabilities 
are subsequently measured at amortized 
cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) 
method. Gains and losses are recognized 
in Statement of Profit and Loss when the 
liabilities are derecognized as well as through 
the EIR amortization process Amortized 
cost is calculated by taking into account any 
discount or premium on acquisition and fees 
or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. 
The EIR amortization is included as finance 
costs in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Trade Payables
 This amount represents liabilities for goods 
and services provided to the group prior to 
the end of financial year which are unpaid. 
The amounts are unsecured and are usually 
paid within 90 days of recognition. T rade 
and other payables are presented as current 
liabilities unless payment is not due within 
12 months after the reporting period. They 
are recognised initially at fair value and 
subsequently measured at amortised cost 
using EIR method. 
Derecognition 
A financial liability is derecognised when the 
obligation under the liability is discharged 
or cancelled or expires. When an existing 
financial liability is replaced by another from 
the same lender on substantially different 
terms, or the terms of an existing liability are 
substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as the derecognition 
of the original liability and the recognition 
of a new liability. The difference in the 
respective carrying amounts is recognised 
in the consolidated statement of profit and 
loss.
Impairment of financial assets 
Loss allowance for expected credit losses is 
recognised for financial assets measured at 
amortised cost and fair value through other 
comprehensive income. 
For financial assets (apart from trade 
receivables that do not constitute of 
financing transaction) whose credit risk 
has not significantly increased since initial 
recognition, loss allowance equal to twelve 
months expected credit losses is recognised. 
Loss allowance equal to the lifetime expected 
credit losses is recognised if the credit 
risk of the financial asset has significantly 
increased since initial recognition.
Offsetting of financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities 
are offset, and the net amount is reported 
in the balance sheet if there is a currently 
enforceable legal right to offset the 
recognised amounts and there is an intention 
to settle on a net basis, to realise the assets 
and settle the liabilities simultaneously. 
Financial Guarantee Contracts
Financial guarantee contracts issued by the 
Group are those contracts that require a 
[[PAGE 244]]
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2024-25 | 239 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
payment to be made to reimburse the holder 
for a loss it incurs because the specified 
debtor fails to make a payment when due 
in accordance with the terms of a debt 
instrument. Financial guarantee contracts 
are recognised initially as a liability at fair 
value, adjusted for transaction costs that 
are directly attributable to the issuance of 
the guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is 
measured at the higher of the amount of loss 
allowance determined as per impairment 
requirements of Ind AS 109 and the amount 
recognised less cumulative amortisation.
In case of Financial guarantee given by 
the group to third party on behalf of its 
wholly own subsidiary without taking 
any sum or consideration (Non-funded 
financial guarantee) from its subsidiary/
ies, present value of notional interest on 
such guaranteed amount is debited to the 
respective investment of its subsidiary/is 
and recognized the income on deferred basis 
periodically.
(p) Cash and cash equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet 
comprise cash at banks and on hand, deposits held 
at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid 
investments with original maturities of three months 
or less that are readily convertible to a known amount 
of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of 
changes in value and are held for the purpose of 
meeting short-term cash commitments. 
 For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash 
and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term 
deposits, as defined above, net of outstanding bank 
overdrafts as they are considered an integral part of 
the Group’s cash management.
(q)  Foreign currency reinstatement
a.  Functional and presentation currency 
 Consolidated financial statements have been 
presented in Indian Rupees (Rs.), which is the 
group’s functional and presentation currency. 
b.  Transactions and balances
 T ransactions in foreign currencies are initially 
recorded by the group at rates prevailing at the 
date of the transaction. However, for practical 
reasons, the Group uses an average rate if the 
average approximates the actual rate at the date 
of the transaction.
  Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from 
the settlement of such transactions and from 
the translation of monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies at the year-
end exchange rates are recognised in statement 
of profit and loss.
 Exchange gain and loss on trade receivable, trade 
payable and other than financing activities are 
presented in the statement of profit and loss, as 
other income and as other expenses respectively. 
Foreign exchange gain and losses on financing 
activities to the extent that they are regarded as 
an adjustment to interest costs are presented 
in the statement of profit and loss as finance 
cost and balance gain and loss are presented in 
statement of profit and loss as other income and 
as other expenses respectively. 
 Non-monetary items that are measured in 
terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are 
translated using the exchange rates at the dates 
of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items 
measured at fair value in a foreign currency are 
translated using the exchange rates at the date 
when the fair value is determined. The gain or 
loss arising on translation of non-monetary items 
measured at fair value is treated in line with the 
recognition of the gain or loss on the change in fair 
value of the item (i.e., translation differences on 
items whose fair value gain or loss is recognised 
in OCI, or profit or loss are also recognised in OCI 
or profit or loss, respectively).
 Exchange differences arising on monetary items 
that are designated as part of the hedge of the 
Group’s net investment of a foreign operation. 
These are recognised in OCI until the net 
investment is disposed of, at which time, the 
cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or 
loss.
 T ax charges and credits attributable to exchange 
differences on those monetary items are also 
recorded in OCI.
[[PAGE 245]]
240 | Annual Report 2024-25
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
(r)  Fair value measurement
The group’s accounting policies and disclosures 
require the measurement of fair values for financial 
assets and liabilities. 
The group has an established control framework 
with respect to the measurement of fair values. 
The management regularly reviews significant 
unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. 
The group measures financial instruments at fair value 
at each balance sheet date. The group determines 
fair value based on the price that would be received 
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an 
orderly transaction between market participants at 
the measurement date.
When measuring the fair value of a financial asset or 
a financial liability, the group uses observable market 
data as far as possible. Fair values are categorised into 
different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the 
inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows:
Level 1: It includes fair value of financial instruments 
traded in active markets and are based on quoted 
market prices at the balance sheet date like mutual 
funds. The mutual funds are valued using the closing 
net assets value (NAV) as at the balance sheet date.
Level 2: It includes fair value of the financial 
instruments that are not traded in an active market 
like over-the-counter derivatives, which is valued 
by using valuation techniques. These valuation 
techniques maximise the use of observable market 
data where it is available and rely as little as possible 
on the group specific estimates. If all significant inputs 
required to fair value an instrument are observable, 
then instrument is included in level 2.
Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are 
not based on observable market data (that is, 
unobservable inputs). If one or more of the significant 
inputs is not based on observable market data, the 
instrument is included in level 3.
For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the group 
has determined classes of assets and liabilities on 
the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of 
the asset or liability and the level of the fair value 
hierarchy as explained above. 
This note summarises accounting policy for fair value. 
Other fair value related disclosures are given in the 
relevant notes.
(s)  Revenue recognition
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised 
when control of the goods or services are transferred 
to the customer at an amount that reflects the 
consideration to which the Group expects to be 
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The 
Group has generally concluded that it is the principal 
in its revenue arrangements because it typically 
controls the goods or services before transferring 
them to the customer.
Operating Revenue from contract with customers
• Revenue from food and beverages, maintenance 
and club services are recognized upon rendering 
of service. Sales are net of discounts. Goods 
service tax is reduced from sales. 
• Revenue from club membership is collected 
upfront either for lifetime or for a specified period. 
Revenue from membership admission fee is 
recognized as income on admission of a member. 
Admission fee collected is non-refundable and 
non-transferrable. Annual entitlement fee, which 
entitles the members to the club membership 
facilities over the agreed membership period, is 
recognized as income in the year for which it is 
received.  
• Revenues from functional support services are 
recognized over the period of the contract as and 
when services are rendered.  The Group collects 
service tax & GST on behalf of the government 
and, therefore, it is not an economic benefit 
flowing to the Group. Hence, it is excluded from 
revenue.
• Revenues from training services are recognized 
over the period of the contract as and when 
services are rendered.  The Group collects service 
tax & GST on behalf of the government and, 
therefore, it is not an economic benefit flowing to 
the Group. Hence, it is excluded from revenue.
Revenue from leasing activities
• The Group transfers substantially all the risks and 
benefits of ownership of the asset transferred 
[[PAGE 246]]
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2024-25 | 241 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
on finance lease. Any amount received before 
possession/ registration of lease deed to the 
extent it is related to lease rentals is recognized 
as revenue in the Statement of Profit & Loss.
• In respect of lease rentals on non-cancellable 
operating lease, revenue is recognised on a 
straight-line basis over the lease term and in 
respect of lease rentals on cancellable operating 
lease, revenue is recognised on the time 
proportionate basis as per related agreements.  
  
Revenue from other operating activities
Interest Income
• Interest income is recorded using the effective 
interest rate (EIR). EIR is the rate that exactly 
discounts the estimated future cash payments 
or receipts over the expected life of the 
financial instrument or a shorter period, where 
appropriate, to the gross carrying amount of 
the financial asset or to the amortised cost of a 
financial liability. When calculating the effective 
interest rate, the Group estimates the expected 
cash flows by considering all the contractual 
terms of the financial instrument (for example, 
prepayment, extension, call and similar options) 
but does not consider the expected credit losses. 
Interest income is included in finance income in 
the statement of profit and loss.
· The Group considers in determining the 
transaction price for the sale of services, whether 
there are other promises in the contract that 
are separate performance obligation to which 
a portion of transaction price needs to be 
allocated. 
 Gain on sale of investments: On disposal of an 
investment, the difference between the carrying 
amount and net disposal proceeds is recognised 
to the profit and loss statement. 
Contract balances
Trade receivables
A receivable represents the Group’s right to an 
amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., 
only the passage of time is required before payment 
of the consideration is due). Refer to accounting 
policies of financial assets for further reference.
Contract liabilities
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or 
services to a customer for which the Group has received 
consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) 
from the customer. If a customer pays consideration 
before the Group transfers goods or services to the 
customer, a contract liability is recognised when the 
payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is 
earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue 
when the Group performs under the contract. 
(t)  T ax Expense
 T ax expense comprises current tax, Income tax 
adjustment related to earlier years and deferred tax
 It is recognised in the consolidated statement of 
profit and loss except to the extent that it relates to 
items recognised directly in equity or in OCI. Any 
subsequent change in direct tax on items initially 
recognised in equity or other comprehensive income 
is also recognised in equity or other comprehensive 
income, such change could be for change in tax rate.
 Current tax and Income tax adjustment related to 
earlier years
 Income tax expenses or credit for the period 
comprised of tax payable on the current period’s 
taxable income based on the applicable income tax 
rate, the changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities 
attributable to temporary differences and to unused 
tax losses, minimum alternative tax (MAT) and 
previous year tax adjustments. 
 The income tax charge or credit including Income 
tax adjustment related to earlier years is calculated 
on the basis of the tax law enacted after considering 
allowances, exemptions and unused tax losses under 
the provisions of the applicable Income T ax Laws. 
Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are off 
set, and presented as net.
 Any tax adjustment relating to previous years on 
account of excess income tax refund/ short provision 
is shown as a separate line item on the face of 
Statement of Profit and Loss account under the T ax 
expense as “Income tax adjustment related to earlier 
years”.    
[[PAGE 247]]
242 | Annual Report 2024-25
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
 Deferred tax 
 Deferred tax is recognised, using the liability method, 
on temporary differences arising between the tax base 
of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in 
the financial statements. Deferred tax is determined 
using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or 
substantially enacted by the end of the reporting 
period and are expected to apply when the related 
deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred 
income tax liability is settled. 
(i)  Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all 
taxable temporary differences and deferred 
tax assets are recognised for all deductible 
temporary differences and unused tax losses 
only if it is probable that future taxable amounts 
will be available to utilise those temporary 
differences and losses except: 
(a)   When the deferred tax liability arises from 
the initial recognition of goodwill or an 
asset or liability in a transaction that is not a 
business combination and, at the time of the 
transaction, affects neither the accounting 
profit nor taxable profit or loss. 
(b) In respect of taxable temporary differences 
associated with investments in interests 
in joint ventures, when the timing of the 
reversal of the temporary differences can 
be controlled and it is probable that the 
temporary differences will not reverse in the 
foreseeable future. 
(ii) Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused 
tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible 
temporary differences to the extent there is 
convincing evidence that sufficient taxable profit 
will be available against which such deferred tax 
asset can be realised except:
(a)  When the deferred tax asset relating to the 
deductible temporary difference arises 
from the initial recognition of an asset 
or liability in a transaction that is not a 
business combination and, at the time of the 
transaction, affects neither the accounting 
profit nor taxable profit or loss. 
(b) In respect of deductible temporary 
differences associated with investments 
in interests in joint ventures, deferred tax 
assets are recognised only to the extent that 
it is probable that the temporary differences 
will reverse in the foreseeable future and 
taxable profit will be available against which 
the temporary differences can be utilised. 
(iii) Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting 
date and are reduced to the extent that it is no 
longer probable that the related tax benefit will 
be realised; such reductions are reversed when 
the probability of future taxable profits improves. 
Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed 
at each reporting date and recognised to the 
extent that it has become probable that future 
taxable profits will be available against which 
they can be used.
(iv) Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are 
offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off 
current tax assets against current tax liabilities 
and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable 
entity and the same taxation authority. 
 Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside 
profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss 
(either in other comprehensive income or in equity). 
Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to 
the underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in 
equity.
(u)  Earnings per share
 Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the 
net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders (after deducting preference dividends 
and attributable taxes) by the weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during the 
period.
 Diluted earnings per share is computed using the net 
profit for the year attributable to the shareholder and 
weighted average number of equity and potential 
equity shares outstanding during the year including 
share options, if any, except where the result would 
be anti-dilutive. 
Potential equity shares that are converted during the 
year are included in the calculation of diluted earnings 
per share, from the beginning of the year or date of 
issuance of such potential equity shares, to the date 
of conversion.
[[PAGE 248]]
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2024-25 | 243 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
If potential equity shares converted into equity shares 
increases the earnings per share, then they are treated 
as anti-dilutive and anti-dilutive earning per share is 
computed.
(v)  Share-based payments
 Employees of the Group receive remuneration in the 
form of share based payment transaction, whereby 
employees render services as a consideration for 
equity instruments (equity- settled transactions).
Equity-settled transactions
The cost of equity-settled transactions is determined 
by the fair value at the date when the grant is made 
using an appropriate valuation model.
That cost is recognized, together with a corresponding 
increase in share-based payment (SBP) reserves in 
equity, over the period in which the performance and/
or service conditions are fulfilled in employee benefits 
expense. The cumulative expense recognized for 
equity-settled transactions at each reporting date 
until the vesting date reflects the extent to which 
the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best 
estimate of the number of equity instruments that 
will ultimately vest. The statement of profit and 
loss expense or credit for a period represents the 
movement in cumulative expense recognized as at 
the beginning and end of that period and is recognized 
in employee benefits expense.
Service and non-market performance conditions are 
not taken into account when determining the grant 
date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the 
conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s 
best estimate of the number of equity instruments that 
will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions 
are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any 
other conditions attached to an award, but without 
an associated service requirement, are considered 
to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions 
are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to 
an immediate expensing of an award unless there are 
also service and/ or performance conditions. 
No expense is recognized for awards that do not 
ultimately vest because non-market performance 
and/ or service conditions have not been met. Where 
awards include a market or non-vesting condition, 
the transactions are treated as vested irrespective 
of whether the market or non-vesting condition is 
satisfied, provided that all other performance and/ or 
service conditions are satisfied.
 When the terms of an equity-settled award are 
modified, the minimum expense recognized is the 
expense had the terms had not been modified, if the 
original terms of the award are met. An additional 
expense is recognized for any modification that 
increases the total fair value of the share-based 
payment transaction, or is otherwise beneficial to the 
employee as measured at the date of modification. 
Where an award is cancelled by the entity or by the 
counterparty, any remaining element of the fair value 
of the award is expensed immediately through profit 
or loss.  
 The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected 
as additional share dilution in the computation of 
diluted earnings per share.  
(w)  Non-current assets held for sale/ distribution to 
owners and discontinuing operations
 The Group classifies non-current assets and disposal 
groups as held for sale/ distribution to owners as per 
Ind AS 105 if their carrying amounts will be recovered 
principally through a sale/ distribution rather than 
through continuing use. Actions required to complete 
the sale/ distribution should indicate that it is unlikely 
that significant changes to the sale/ distribution will 
be made or that the decision to sell/ distribute will be 
withdrawn. Management must be committed to the 
sale/ distribution expected within one year from the 
date of classification. 
 For these purposes, sale transactions include 
exchanges of non-current assets for other non-
current assets when the exchange has commercial 
substance. The criteria for held for sale/ distribution 
classification is regarded met only when the assets 
or disposal group is available for immediate sale/ 
distribution in its present condition, subject only 
to terms that are usual and customary for sales/ 
distribution of such assets (or disposal groups), 
its sale/ distribution is highly probable; and it will 
genuinely be sold, not abandoned. The group treats 
sale/ distribution of the asset or disposal group to be 
highly probable when:
• The appropriate level of management is 
[[PAGE 249]]
244 | Annual Report 2024-25
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
committed to a plan to sell the asset (or disposal 
group),
• An active programme to locate a buyer and 
complete the plan has been initiated (if 
applicable),
• The asset (or disposal group) is being actively 
marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in 
relation to its current fair value,
• The sale is expected to qualify for recognition as 
a completed sale within one year from the date of 
classification, and
• Actions required to complete the plan indicate 
that it is unlikely that significant changes to 
the plan will be made or that the plan will be 
withdrawn.
 Non-current assets held for sale/for distribution to 
owners and disposal groups are measured at the lower 
of their carrying amount and the fair value less costs 
to sell/ distribute. Assets and liabilities classified as 
held for sale/ distribution are presented separately in 
the balance sheet. 
 Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
once classified as held for sale/ distribution to owners 
are not depreciated or amortised.
 A disposal group qualifies as discontinuing operation 
if it is a component of an entity that either has been 
disposed of, or is classified as held for sale, and:
• Represents a separate major line of business or 
geographical area of operations,
• Is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of 
a separate major line of business or geographical 
area of operations.
 Discontinuing operations are excluded from 
the results of continuing operations and are 
presented as a single amount as profit or loss 
after tax from discontinuing operations in the 
statement of profit and loss.
 Additional disclosures are provided in Note 33. 
All other notes to the financial statements mainly 
include amounts for continuing operations, 
unless otherwise mentioned.”
(x)  Borrowing Cost
 Borrowing cost includes interest expense as per 
effective interest rate [EIR]. Borrowing costs 
directly attributable to the acquisition, construction 
or production of an asset that necessarily takes a 
substantial period of time to get ready for its intended 
use or sale are capitalized as part of the cost of the 
asset until such time that the assets are substantially 
ready for their intended use. All other borrowing 
costs are expensed in the period in which they occur. 
Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs 
that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing 
of funds. Borrowing cost also includes exchange 
differences to the extent regarded as an adjustment 
to the borrowing costs.
 Inventories
 Inventories are valued at lower of cost and net 
realisable value. Cost incurred in bringing each 
product to its present condition and location are 
accounted for as follows - 
i)  Raw material and stores & spares - Cost includes 
cost of purchase and other costs incurred in 
bringing the inventories to their present location 
and condition. Cost is determined using the 
weighted average method. 
ii) Finished goods and work in progress (relating 
to finance lease) - Assets held for financial lease 
are valued at lower of cost and net realisable 
value. Cost includes cost of land, direct materials 
and services including labour and a portion of 
direct overheads including borrowing costs. Cost 
is determined using average method.
(y) Events after reporting date 
 Where events occurring after the balance sheet date 
provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end 
of the reporting period, the impact of such events is 
adjusted with the Consolidated financial statements. 
Otherwise, events after the balance sheet date of 
material size or nature are only disclosed.
(z) Goods and services tax input credit 
 Input tax credit is accounted for in the books in the 
period in which the underlying goods or service or 
both are procured or received.
[[PAGE 250]]
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2024-25 | 245 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
(aa)  Segment Reporting
 As per Ind AS-108 ‘Operating Segments’, if a financial 
report contains both the consolidated financial 
statements of a parent that is within the scope of 
Ind AS-108 as well as the parent’s separate financial 
statements, segment information is required only in 
the consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, 
information required to be presented under Ind 
AS-108 Operating Segments has been given in the 
consolidated financial statements.
 There are three reportable Segments as identified by 
Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) and the 
residual business is classified as Others.
• Business Investments
• Senior Living
• Others
(ab) Cash Flow Statement 
 Cash flows are reported using indirect method, whereby 
Profit/(loss) after tax reported under Statement of Profit 
and loss is adjusted for the effects of transactions of 
non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or 
future cash receipts or payments. The cash flows from 
operating, investing and financing activities of the group 
are segregated based on available information.
(ac) Standards issued but not yet effective Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standard or 
amendments to the existing standards under Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time 
to time. No new amendments to Ind AS has been notified 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) during the 
current financial year.
[[PAGE 251]]
246 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 3a.  PROPERTY , PLANT & EQUIPMENT
Particulars  Freehold 
land 
 Building  Plant and
 Machinery 
 Computers 
and data 
processing 
units 
 Office 
equipments 
 Leasehold
improvements 
 Furniture 
& 
Fixtures 
 
Vehicles 
 T otal 
Gross block
As at April 01, 2023  1,923.77  8,211.71  1,105.65  259.70  255.52  401.57  1,212.80  334.49  13,705.20 
Additions  -  -  47.86  112.14  48.08  93.72  92.95  161.24  555.99 
Deletions  -  -  3.81  19.37  16.02  163.35  3.00  11.06  216.61 
As at March 31, 2024  1,923.77  8,211.71  1,149.70  352.47  287.58  331.94  1,302.75  484.67 14,044.58 
Additions  -  -  95.97  130.97  151.00  1,191.50  105.34  132.55  1,807.33 
Reclassified to "Assets 
classified as held for 
sale" (Refer Note No. 
3c)
 -  3,058.89  -  -  -  -  42.98  -  3,101.87 
Deletions  -  -  10.81  68.86  74.75  12.38  75.44  44.35  286.59 
As at March 31, 2025  1,923.77  5,152.82  1,234.86  414.58  363.83  1,511.06  1,289.67  572.87  12,463.46 
Accumulated 
Depreciation
As at April 01, 2023  -  4,304.22  822.32  165.33  155.80  75.27  946.11  139.73  6,608.78 
Additions  -  62.48  52.03  57.80  32.31  39.32  47.07  50.22  341.23 
Deletions  -  -  1.74  17.45  13.41  38.53  2.61  10.25  83.99 
As at March 31, 2024  -  4,366.70  872.61  205.68  174.70  76.06  990.57  179.70  6,866.02 
Additions  -  50.36  56.45  79.35  49.72  122.40  67.36  72.95  498.59 
Reclassified to "Assets 
classified as held for 
sale" (Refer Note No. 
3c)
 -  263.44  -  -  -  -  5.86  -  269.30 
Deletions  -  -  4.11  64.45  70.85  0.79  65.00  20.23  225.43 
As at March 31, 2025  -  4,153.62  924.95  220.58  153.57  197.67  987.07  232.42  6,869.88 
Net block
As at March 31, 2024  1,923.77  3,845.01  277.10  146.79  112.87  255.88  312.18  304.97  7,178.56 
As at March 31, 2025  1,923.77  999.20  309.92  194.00  210.25  1,313.39  302.60  340.45  5,593.57 
Note: During the FY 2024-25, the Group incurred expenditure towards leasehold improvements on properties that were taken 
on lease and recognised as Right-of-Use assets in the FY 2023-24. (Refer Note No. 3b)
[[PAGE 252]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 247 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
3b. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
Particulars Building Furniture T otal
As at April 01, 2023  2,697.43  80.37  2,777.80 
Additions  3,422.62  -  3,422.62 
Deletions  1,652.79  -  1,652.79 
As at March 31, 2024  4,467.26  80.37  4,547.63 
Additions  6,807.09  -  6,807.09 
Deletions  169.73  -  169.73 
As at March 31, 2025  11,104.62  80.37  11,184.99 
Accumulated Depreciation
As at April 01, 2023  796.74  11.16  807.90 
Additions  533.10  -  533.10 
Deletions  823.39  -  823.39 
As at March 31, 2024  506.45  11.16  517.61 
Additions  957.85  -  957.85 
Deletions  9.91  -  9.91 
As at March 31, 2025  1,454.39  11.16  1,465.55 
 Net block 
As at March 31, 2024  3,960.82  69.20  4,030.02 
As at March 31, 2025  9,650.24  69.20  9,719.44 
 The Group in the earlier years had entered into an agreement wherein it has taken a freehold property on lease. The said 
agreement was renewed in FY 2022-23 for a period of 3 years. Addition in FY 2023-24 represents the Group entered into a 
fresh agreement for Gurugram office. This is being classified as finance lease in terms of Ind AS 116. Accordingly, the Group 
recognised Right-of-use Assets and lease liability at the lease commencement date.
3c. ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Invetment Property  6,676 
Furniture & Fixture (PPE)  37.12  - 
Building (PPE)  2,795.45  - 
T otal  9,508.45  - 
 Note: During the FY 2024–25, the Board of Directors of the Company, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, 
on December 23, 2024, approved the sale of three floors—Level 19, Level 20, and Level 20M—owned by the Company in Max 
T owers, Sector 16-B, Noida. The total area of the said properties, including associated car parking spaces and embedded fixtures 
and fittings, aggregates to 60,561 square feet. The sale was proposed to be made to Max T owers Private Limited (MTPL), 
a subsidiary of Max Estates Limited, a listed company forming part of the same promoter group, after seeking necessary 
approvals. The total consideration for the transaction is Rs. 10,508.00 lakhs. An advance of Rs. 525.40 lakhs was received from 
MTPL on March 18, 2025. The sale agreement was executed on May 9, 2025, and all necessary sale-related compliances were 
completed in the subsequent financial year 2025–26.
 Pursuant to this approval, the relevant assets were reclassified from Property, Plant and Equipment and Investment Property 
to “ Assets classifies as held for sale” in accordance with Ind AS 105 – Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued 
Operations, as the conditions for classification under Ind AS 105 were met as of December 31, 2024.
 The reclassified assets are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. No impairment loss 
was recognized on reclassification.
[[PAGE 253]]
248 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
4.  INVESTMENT PROPERTY (AT COST)
Particulars Building
Gross block
As at April 01, 2023  7,229.86 
Additions  61.68 
Deletions  - 
As at March 31, 2024  7,291.54 
Additions  - 
Deletions  - 
Reclassified to "Assets classified as held for sale" (Refer Note No. 3c)  7,291.54 
As at March 31, 2025  - 
Accumulated Depreciation
As at April 01, 2023  414.45 
Additions  114.52 
Deletions  - 
As at March 31, 2024  528.97 
Additions  86.69 
Deletions  - 
Reclassified to "Assets classified as held for sale" (Refer Note No. 3c)  615.66 
As at March 31, 2025  - 
Net block
As at March 31, 2024  6,762.57 
As at March 31, 2025  - 
i)  Investment property consists of two independent floors (L19 and L20) at Max T ower (Commercial building), Noida, U.P. 
The investment properties are being depreciated equally over their estimated useful life considered as 60 years.
ii) Additions in Investment property during FY 2023-24 include furnishing, renovation and project fees pertaining to L-20 
property amounting to Rs.61.68 lakhs for the purpose of letting out to other entities.
iii)  During the year, Company has reclassified Investment property to “Assets classified as held for sale” after approval of 
Board of directors pursuant to resolution dated December 23, 2024 (Refer Note No. 3c).
(i)  Amount recognised in Statement of profit and loss for Investment property
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Rental income  560.60  374.42 
Less: Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance) on 
property generating rental income
 -  - 
Less: Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance) on 
property not generating rental income
 -  9.95 
Profit/ (loss) arising from investment properties before depreciation 
and indirect expenses
 560.60  364.47 
Less: Depreciation on Investment property  86.69  114.52 
Profit/ (loss) arising from investment property before indirect 
expenses
 473.91  249.95 
Less: Indirect expenses  -  - 
Profit/ (loss) arising from investment property after indirect 
expenses
 473.91  249.95 
[[PAGE 254]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 249 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
(ii)  Contractual obligation: 
  There is no contractual obligations at reporting date to purchase, construct or develop the investment property or for its 
repair, maintenance or enhancements. 
 (iii)  Leasing arrangements: 
  Minimum lease receivable under non-cancellable operating leases of investment properties are as follows, if any:
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Within one year  48.98  542.95 
Later than one year but not later than 3 years  -  1,027.31 
Later than 3 years  -  1,037.26 
 T otal  48.98  2,607.52 
(iv)  Restriction on realisability, remittance of income and proceeds on disposal of Investment Property: 
  There is no restriction on realisability, remittance of income and proceed of disposal of recognised investment property. 
(v)  Mortgage in favour of Subsidiary 
 There was outstanding T erm Loan of Rs. 2,225.18 lakhs for the year ended 31st March, 2023, together with interest, 
additional interest, further interest, liquidated damages, costs, charges, expenses and all other monies whatsoever 
borrowed by Antara Senior Living Limited is secured by way of equitable mortgage of immovable property comprising 3 
(three) floors admeasuring 60,561 square ft situated at Noida, owned by the company. Out of the above said floors, 1 floor 
was classified as Building. The loan amount was repayable in installments and scheduled for full repayment in FY 2025-26.
 The said Loan was fully repaid in the FY 2023-24 ahead of its scheduled repayment as referred above.
 (vi)  Fair Value: 
 The Company has not carried out a fair valuation of its investment properties as at March 31, 2025, since these properties 
have been reclassified as “Assets classified as held for sale” in the FY 2024-25 pursuant to the Board Resolution dated 
December 23, 2024.
 However, the Company has considered the valuation report dated May 23, 2024, issued by an external, independent 
valuer possessing appropriate recognised professional qualifications and relevant experience in the location and category 
of the properties. As per the said valuation report, the fair value of the investment properties was assessed at Rs. 6,550.00 
lakhs, determined using discounted cash flow projections based on reliable estimates of future cash flows, factoring in 
rental growth assumptions of 15% every three years.
[[PAGE 255]]
250 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
5. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (INCLUDING UNDER DEVELOPMENT)
Particulars  Intangible assets 
(Computer software) 
Gross block
As at April 01, 2023  208.04 
Additions  1,316.91 
Deletions  22.12 
As at March 31, 2024  1,502.83 
Additions  679.68 
Deletions  - 
As at March 31, 2025  2,182.51 
Accumulated Amortisation
As at April 01, 2023  183.20 
Additions  26.37 
Deletions  22.12 
As at March 31, 2024  187.45 
Additions  339.16 
Deletions  - 
As at March 31, 2025  526.61 
Net block
As at March 31, 2024  1,315.38 
As at March 31, 2025  1,655.90 
 Impairment testing of goodwill and other intangibles
 Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for 
impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets are 
tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The 
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less cost of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing 
impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely 
independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than 
goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.
 Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal 
of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.
 Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those cash-
generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which 
the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal 
management purposes, which in our case are the operating segments. During the year Group has done the impairment 
assessment of Goodwill and intangibles (including those appearing in the subsidiaries and joint ventures) and have concluded 
that there is no impairment in value of goodwill and intangible assets as appearing in the consolidated financial statements.
[[PAGE 256]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 251 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
6a. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Investments in joint ventures accounted under equity 
method (Refer Note No. 33)
 Contend Builders Private Limited  -  -  1,248.04  1,172.54 
1 Equity share of Rs. 10 each fully paid up
T otal  -  -  1,248.04  1,172.54 
6b. OTHER INVESTMENTS
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
 Unquoted equity shares (Fair Value) through OCI 
 - Max Estates Noida Private Limited
 70,33,799 (March 31, 2024: Nil) equity shares of Rs. 10 
each fully paid up purchased at Rs. 10 per share during 
the FY 2024-25* 
 -  -  713.23  - 
Mutual funds (Valued at fair value through profit or 
loss unless stated otherwise)
Unquoted mutual funds
Aditya Birla Sun Life Money Manager Fund - Growth - 
Direct Plan 
1,37,151 (March 31, 2024: 479,946) units of Rs. 100 each 
fully paid 
 504.26  1,635.61  -  - 
Bandhan Money Manager Fund - Direct Plan 
8,19,353 (March 31, 2024: Nil) units of Rs. 10 each fully 
paid 
 350.69  -  -  - 
ICICI Prudential Money Market Fund Option - Direct 
Plan - Growth 
93,120 (March 31, 2024: 20,191) units of Rs. 100 each 
fully paid 
 350.75  70.51  -  - 
ABSL Liquid Fund- Direct growth plan 
4,114 (March 31, 2024: 9,435) units of Rs. 100 each fully 
paid 
 17.23  36.77  -  - 
Axis Money Market Fund -Direct Plan Growth 
1,431 (March 31, 2024: 44,386) units of Rs. 1,000 each 
fully paid 
 20.26  582.34  -  - 
T ata Money Market Fund - Direct Fund Growth 
10,329 (March 31, 2024: 485) units of Rs. 1,000 each 
fully paid 
 487.15  21.19  -  - 
 Axis Liquid fund - Direct growth 
 41,535 (March 31, 2024: 41,535) units of Rs. 1,000 each 
fully paid 
 1,197.71  1,114.70  -  - 
 HDFC Money Market Fund - Direct Plan - Growth 
Option 
 6,134 (March 31, 2024: 20,003) units of Rs. 1000 each 
fully paid 
 350.70  1,060.17  -  - 
 Nippon India Money Market Fund - Direct Plan Growth 
Plan - Growth Option 
 2,254 (March 31, 2024: 17,066) units of Rs. 1,000 each 
fully paid 
 92.89  652.13  -  - 
T otal  3,371.64  5,173.42  713.23  - 
Aggregate value of unquoted investments  3,371.64  5,173.42  713.23  - 
* During FY 2024-25, the wholly owned subsidiary Antara Senior Living Limited, has, acquired 10% Equity Share Capital in Max 
Estates Noida Private Limited.
[[PAGE 257]]
252 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
7.  LOANS
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Loans at amortised cost (unsecured, considered good)
Inter corporate deposit to related party*  -  -  2,574.49  2,307.08 
(Including accured interest of Rs. 1,118.76 lakhs; March 
31, 2024 Rs. 851.35 lakhs )
Loans to employees  -  2.78  -  - 
T otal  -  2.78  2,574.49  2,307.08 
 * Loan to Contend Builders Private Limited of Rs. 2,574.49 lakhs (March 31, 2024 Rs. 2,307.08 lakhs)- A joint venture of Antara 
Senior Living Limited.
8. TRADE RECEIVABLES
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Unsecured, considered good
T rade receivables  2,224.52  498.67  -  - 
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss  4.55  4.57  -  - 
T otal  2,219.97  494.10  -  - 
Break-up for trade receivables:
Unsecured, considered good  2,219.97  494.10  -  - 
T rade Receivables - credit impaired  4.55  4.57  -  - 
T otal  2,224.52  498.67  -  - 
Less: Allowance for impairment loss on credit impaired 
trade receivables 
 4.55  4.57 
T otal trade receivables  2,219.97  494.10  -  - 
(i) T rade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally receivables on terms of 90 days. 
(ii)  The Group applies expected credit loss method for impairment of trade receivables as per Ind AS- 109 “Financial 
Instruments”.
(iii) T rade receivables include due from Related Parties (Refer Note No. 38C)
(iv) For trade receivables ageing, Refer Note no. 45.
(v) For explanation on the Group credit risk management process, Refer Note No. 41.
9.  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Cash on hand  5.42  7.17  -  - 
Balances with banks - Current accounts  687.10  282.04  -  - 
Deposits with original maturity of less than three 
months
 1,577.01  11,313.84  -  - 
T otal  2,269.53  11,603.05  -  - 
 The above table comprises cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flow.
[[PAGE 258]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 253 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
9a. BANK BALANCES OTHER THAN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Deposit with original maturity for more than 3 months 
but less than 12 months 
 8,682.54  9,298.87  -  - 
T otal  8,682.54  9,298.87  -  - 
 Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
March 31, 2025  Cash Flow impact March 31, 2024
 Current borrowings  48.94  12.35  36.59 
 Non current borrowings  93.82  11.93  81.89 
 T otal liabilities from financing activities  142.76  24.28  118.48 
10. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Unsecured considered good, unless stated otherwise:
Deposits with original maturity for more than 12 months  -  3,539.54  -  - 
Interest accrued on fixed deposits and loans  176.55  177.11  -  - 
Margin Money*  -  -  -  32.71 
Unbilled revenue  33.00  37.44  -  - 
Amount receivable from related parties  -  40.83  -  - 
Security Deposits  4,160.06  68.43  14.65  149.39 
ROU Security deposits  -  -  3,619.80  9,496.84 
Others  79.00  61.55  -  0.80 
T otal  4,448.61  3,924.90  3,634.45  9,679.74 
 * Margin Money of Nil (March 31, 2024 : Rs. 32.71 lakhs) is to secure bank guarantee given to Protector General of Immigrant.
 Break-up of financial assets at amortised costs:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Loans (Refer Note No. 7)  2,574.49  2,309.86 
T rade Receivables (Refer Note No. 8)  2,219.97  494.10 
Cash and Cash equivalents (Refer Note No. 9)  2,269.53  11,603.05 
Other financial assets (Refer Note No. 10)  8,083.06  13,604.64 
T otal  15,147.05  28,011.65 
Current  8,938.11  16,024.83 
Non-current  6,208.94  11,986.82 
T otal  15,147.05  28,011.65 
11.  INVENTORY
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Consumables - others  173.63  178.64  -  - 
Finished goods (others)  1,490.47  433.92  -  - 
T otal  1,664.10  612.56  -  - 
[[PAGE 259]]
254 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
12. CURRENT TAX ASSETS
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Advance income tax (net of provisions)  15.66  709.04  355.39  397.39 
T otal  15.66  709.04  355.39  397.39 
13.  INCOME TAX
 The major components of income tax expense for the year ended March 31, 2025 are:
 Profit or loss section
 Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Current income tax charge  213.07  748.66 
Income tax adjustment related to earlier years*  (17.01)  (31.06)
Deferred tax:
Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences  (15.01)  16.57 
Income tax expense reported in the statement of profit or loss  181.05  734.17 
 * The tax adjustment is mainly on account of allowance of Demerger expenses and unabsorbed depreciation claimed in the 
Income T ax Returns of the company w.r.t. preceeding financial years.
 OCI section
 Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Deferred tax related to items recognised in OCI during the year (Re-
measurement gain/(loss) on defined benefit plan)
 3.91  (2.65)
T otal tax related to items recognised in OCI during the year from 
continuing and discontinuing operations
 3.91  (2.65)
 Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by India’s domestic tax rate for March 31, 2025:
 Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Accounting Loss before tax  (13,853.51)  (5,088.62)
Income tax Expense at tax rates applicable to individual entities  (3,491.68)  (1,360.25)
T ax adjustments:
Income not considered for tax purpose  (569.67)  (30.59)
Income in Income T ax but not in Books  56.26  56.17 
Expense not allowed for tax purpose  632.51  74.63 
Deductions in Income T ax but not in Books  (61.48)  (18.82)
Carry Forward Losses(Net of gains set off) on which Deferred T ax is not 
created
 199.64  - 
Expenses allowed in current year on which deferred tax was not created  (55.19)  - 
Others  (28.91)  - 
Unabsorbed losses  354.55  2,041.44 
T ax relating to earlier years  3,148.93  (31.06)
At the effective income tax rate  184.96  731.52 
Income tax expense reported in the statement of profit and loss  181.05  734.17 
Income tax expense reported in the statement of OCI  3.91  (2.65)
 The accounting loss before tax has been arrived basis the standalone financial statements of the company and its wholly-
[[PAGE 260]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 255 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
owned subsidiaries without taking into account the inter-group transactions as each company’s profit/( loss) of the group is 
assessed basis the filing of Income tax return.
 Deferred tax:
 Particulars Balance Sheet
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Deferred tax liability
Mark to Market on Mutual funds  (2.17)  (83.59)
On Account of ROU  11.95  4.61 
Security Deposit Received  (17.30)  (22.75)
Prepaid Expense  (14.12)  (0.47)
Difference in Companies Act & T ax Base of PPE  (236.70)  (198.58)
 (258.34)  (300.78)
Deferred tax asset
Ind As deferred Revenue  17.13  23.36 
On Account of Leave Encashment  22.63  20.81 
On Account of Gratuity  36.37  41.39 
Security Deposit paid  38.34  59.99 
Employee Stock Option Reserve  3.56  3.83 
Deductions available u/ s. 35DD  37.20  37.19 
 155.23  186.57 
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)  (103.11)  (114.21)
 Reflected in the balance sheet as follows:
 Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Deferred tax assets  155.23  186.57 
Deferred tax liabilities  (258.34)  (300.78)
Deferred T ax Assets/ (Liabilities), net  (103.11)  (114.21)
 Reconciliation of deferred tax assets:
 Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Opening balance as of April 01, 2024/ April 01, 2023  (114.21)  (100.29)
T ax income/(expense) during the year recognised in profit or loss  15.01  (16.57)
T ax income/(expense) during the year recognised in OCI  (3.91)  2.65 
Closing balance  (103.11)  (114.21)
(i)  The Group offsets tax assets and liabilities if and only if it has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against 
current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities related to income taxes levied by the same 
tax authority.
(ii)  Basis the Income T ax return filed by the Company upto FY 2023-24 and the self assessed business Loss for the FY 2024-
25, (after taking into account the carried forward Business losses of erstwhile Max India limited pursuant to the Composite 
Scheme) , the carried forward business losses stand at Rs 1633.79 (FY 2023-24 : Rs 578.75 lakhs ). The Company believes 
that it cannot reasonably determine the future tax liability against which these carried forward business losses can be set 
off and accordingly, no deferred tax asset has been recorded in current financial year.
[[PAGE 261]]
256 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
(iii) Basis the Income T ax return filed by the Company upto FY 2023-24 and the self-assessed Long-T erm Capital Gains 
adjusted with Long-T erm Capital Losses for the Financial Y ear 2024-25, (after taking into account the carried forward 
Long T erm Capital Losses of erstwhile Max India Limited pursuant to the Composite Scheme) , the carried forward Long-
T erm Capital Losses stand at Rs 22,847.39 lakhs (FY 2023-24 : Rs 23,518.59) pertaining to FY 2016-17 and FY 2019-20 
. The Company believes that it cannot reasonably determine the future tax liability against which these carried forward 
Long-T erm Capital Losses can be set off and accordingly, no deferred tax asset has been recorded in current financial year 
and preceeding financial year.
(iv) Basis the Standalone Financial Statemeents of ASLL, APSLL and AACSL for the FY 2024-25, the Deferred T ax Assets 
on carried forward Business losses upto FY 2024-25 of Rs. 12,604.94 lakhs (FY 2023-24: Rs. 9,421.96 lakhs) has not 
been created. The Management of the respective subsidiaries believe that it cannot reasonably determine the future tax 
liability against which these carried forward business losses can be set off and accordingly, no deferred tax asset has been 
recorded in current financial year.
14.  OTHER ASSETS
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Unsecured, considered good
Capital advances  -  -  43.02  209.53 
Prepaid expenses  167.97  106.28  29.53  38.85 
Prepaid expenses  167.40  105.71  26.56  35.30 
Prepaid asset  0.57  0.57  2.97  3.55 
Advance to employees  3.33  0.52  -  - 
Balances with statutory/ government authorities  1,596.38  964.35  -  - 
Other advances  1,600.08  1,428.69  -  - 
Advance to suppliers  1,599.84  1,428.44  -  - 
Other advances  0.24  0.25 
Balance receivable from employees  12.64  6.37  -  - 
Security Deposits with Govt. Authorities  -  -  32.49  - 
Security Deposits given - others  -  -  43.60  37. 26 
T otal  3,380.40  2,506.21  148.64  285.64 
15.  EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
 Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Authorised shares 
 6,00,50,000 (March 31, 2024: 6,00,50,000) equity shares of Rs. 10 each  6,005.00  6,005.00 
 Issued, subscribed and fully paid equity capital 
 4,35,89,333 (March 31, 2024: 4,31,70,768) equity shares of Rs. 10 each  4,358.93  4,317.08 
 T otal issued, subscribed and fully paid-up share capital  4,358.93  4,317.08 
[[PAGE 262]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 257 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
(i)  Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 No of shares  Amount  No of shares  Amount 
 Equity shares of Rs.10/- each share 
Opening Balance  4,31,70,768  4,317.08  4,30,29,009  4,302.90 
ESOPs excercised during the year*  4,18,565  41.86  141,759  14.18 
Outstanding at the end of the year  4,35,89,333  4,358.93  4,31,70,768  4,317.08 
 *During the FY 2024–25, the Company, with the approval of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, allotted 
4,18,565 (FY 2023-24: 1,41,759) equity shares of Rs. 10 each, fully paid-up, to eligible employees of the Company and its 
subsidiary Companies. The allotment was made pursuant to the exercise of vested stock options under the Company’s 
ESOP Plan.
(ii)  T erms/rights attached to equity shares
 The parent company, Max India Ltd., has only one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs. 10/- per share. Each 
holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share. The Company has not declared any dividend. In the event of 
liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after 
distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding. The distribution will be in proportion to the 
number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
(iii)  Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company -
 Name of the shareholder As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 No. of 
Shares 
 % of 
Holding 
 No. of 
Shares 
 % of 
Holding 
Promoter Group:
 - Max Ventures Investment Holdings Private Limited  1,80,49,690 41.41%  1,80,49,690 41.81%
 - Siva Enterprises Private Limited  30,06,900 6.90%  30,06,900 6.97%
 Non - Institutional 
 Body Corporate 
 - Habrok India Master LP^  27,47,431 6.30%  27,47,431 6.36%
 ^ Includes Cassini Partners LP fund and 238 Plan Associates LLC managed by Habrok Capital Management LLP. 
 (iv)   Shares held by promoters at the end of the year -
 Promotor name  No. of 
Shares 
 % 
Holding 
 % change during 
the year 
 - Analjit Singh  872,357 2.00%  - 
 - Piya Singh  22,066 0.05%  - 
 - T ara Singh Vachani  20,000 0.05%  - 
 - Max Ventures Investment Holdings Private Limited  1,80,49,690 41.41%  - 
 - Siva Enterprises Private Limited  30,06,900 6.90%  - 
 - Neelu Analjit Singh^  20,000 0.05%  - 
 ^Applied for reclassification as public shareholder.
(v)  Shares reserved for issue under options
 For details of shares reserved for issue under the employee stock option plan (ESOP) of the Group, please refer note no. 
37.
[[PAGE 263]]
258 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
(vi)  Aggregate number of shares issued for consideration other than cash during the period of five years immediately 
preceding the reporting date
 Max India Limited issued and allotted 5,37,86,261 equity shares of Rs 10 each on June 22, 2020 to the shareholders of 
erstwhile Max India Limited as on the record date i.e. June 15, 2020 in exchange of 26,89,31,305 shares of Rs. 2 each 
being held by them in the erstwhile Max India.
16. OTHER EQUITY
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Capital reserve (Refer Note No. (a) below)  51,572.79  51,572.79 
Securities premium (Refer Note No. (b) below)  1,026.05  639.04 
Employee stock option plan (Refer Note No. (c) below)  1,021.08  897.48 
Foreign Currency T ranslation Reserve (Refer Note No. (d) below)  62.89  59.81 
Other Comprehensive Income (Refer Note No. (e) below)  256.69  138.25 
Retained Earnings (Refer Note No. (f) below)  (22,429.32)  (8,390.12)
 31,510.18  44,917.25 
(a) Capital reserve
At the beginning of the year  51,572.79  51,572.79 
Increase/(decrease) during the year  -  - 
Closing Balance  51,572.79  51,572.79 
(b) Securities premium
At the beginning of the year  639.04  511.35 
Add: Premium on issue of equity shares during the year  387.01  127.69 
Closing Balance  1,026.05  639.04 
(c) Employee stock option plan
At the beginning of the year  897.48  359.55 
Add: ESOP recognized during the year 297.71 611.85
Less: ESOP forfeited during the year  (23.83)  (25.51)
Less: T ransferred to securities premium on exercise of stock options (150.28) (48.41)
Closing Balance  1,021.08  897.48 
(d) Foreign Currency Translation Reserve
At the beginning of the year  59.81  56.00 
Increase/ (decrease) during the year  3.08  3.81 
Closing Balance  62.89  59.81 
(e) Other items of Other Comprehensive Income
At the beginning of the year  138.25  158.78 
Increase/(decrease) during the year  118.44  (20.53)
Closing Balance  256.69  138.25 
(f) Retained Earnings
At the beginning of the year  (8,390.12)  (2,750.85)
Add: Profit / (loss) for the year  (14,039.20)  (5,639.27)
Closing Balance  (22,429.32)  (8,390.12)
T otal  31,510.18  44,917.25 
[[PAGE 264]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 259 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Nature and purpose of reserves
(i)  Capital reserve
 The Group recognizes profit or loss on purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments, 
transfer on account scheme of Merger and Fair valuation to ESOP to capital reserve. It can be utilised in accordance with 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time.
(ii)  Securities premium
 Securities premium is used to record premium received on issue of shares. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
(iii) Employee stock options outstanding
 The employee stock options outstanding is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options issued to employees 
under Employee stock option plan.
(iv) Foreign Currency Translation Reserve
 Exchange differences arising on translation of the foreign operations are recognised in other comprehensive income as 
described in accounting policy and accumulated in a separate reserve within equity.
(v)  FVTOCI reserve
 The Group had elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in debt securities in other comprehensive 
income. These changes are accumulated within the FVTOCI reserve.
(vi)  Other items of OCI
 The Group has elected to recognise Remeasurement gains/loss on Defined Benefit plans and Income tax effect in OCI in 
Other Items of OCI.
17a. NON CURRENT BORROWINGS
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
T erm loans (Secured)
From Banks - Vehicle loans*  93.82  81.89 
T otal  93.82  81.89 
 * Vehicle Loans Rs. 142.76 lakhs (including current maturities of Rs. 48.94 lakhs), FY 2023-24 Rs. 118.48 lakhs (including 
current maturities of Rs. 36.59 lakhs) are secured by way of hypothecation of respective vehicles.
 Out of the above vehicle loans,
a)  Rs. 37.75 lakhs is taken by Antara Assisted Care Services Limited (AACSL),
i)  The aggregate amount of vehicle loans from Axis Bank is Rs. 34.81 lakhs (FY 2023-24 Rs. 17.90 lakhs) repayable from 
March 2027 upto July 2029 in monthly instalments. The interest rate on loan was 9.55% during the year.
ii)  The vehicle loans from HDFC Bank is Rs. 2.94 lakhs (FY 2023-24 Rs. 8.52 lakhs). repayable in 48 structured monthly 
installments from Oct 2021 with an option to prepay. The interest rate on loan was 8.40% during the year. The loans 
are repayable in 1 to 4 years.
b)  Rs. 105.01 lakhs is taken by Antara Senior Living Limited (ASLL), the loans are repayable in 3 to 5 years. The loans are 
interest bearing with interest ranging from 8.75% to 9.55% during the year.
[[PAGE 265]]
260 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
17b. CURRENT BORROWINGS
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Vehicle loans*  48.94  36.59 
T otal  48.94  36.59 
 * Vehicle Loans Rs 48.94 lakhs (March 31, 2024: Rs 36.59 lakhs) are secured by way of hypothecation of respective vehicles.
18. TRADE PAYABLES
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
T otal outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small 
Enterprises
 259.30  329.97  -  - 
T otal outstanding dues of creditors other than micro 
enterprises and small enterprises
 2,839.50  2,024.19  -  - 
T otal  3,098.80  2,354.16  -  - 
(i)  Details of outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
a) Principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to 
any supplier at the end of each accounting year;
 259.30  329.97 
b) Amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the 
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, along 
with the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the 
appointed day during each accounting year;
 -  - 
c) Amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making 
payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the 
year) but without adding the interest specified under the Micro, Small 
and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006;
 -  - 
d) Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of year/
period.
 -  - 
e) Amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the 
succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues above are 
actually paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance of a 
deductible expenditure under section 23 of the Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Act, 2006
 -  - 
(ii)  T rade payables include due to related parties. (Refer Note No. 38C)
(iii)  T rade payables are non-interest bearing and are settled as per the terms agreed in the contract.
(iv)  For T rade payables ageing, refer note no. 44.
[[PAGE 266]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 261 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
19. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Security deposit received  9,156.67  8,785.05  236.40  301.30 
Payable to Employees  1,576.20  1,109.04  -  - 
Capital creditors  15.02  100.17  -  - 
Payable to related Party  1.48  2.19  -  - 
Expenses payable  89.96  128.63  -  - 
Interest accrued but not due on borrowings  0.95  0.75  -  - 
Car deposit received from employees  -  -  39.63  28.35 
Refundable to customers  271.35  112.32  -  - 
Others  35.21  32.96  68.05  - 
T otal  11,146.84  10,271.11  344.08  329.65 
 Break-up of financial liabilities at amortised cost:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Borrowings (Refer Note No. 17(a and b) and 19)  142.76  118.48 
T rade payables (Refer Note No. 18)  3,098.80  2,354.16 
Lease Liability (Refer Note No. 36)  10,087.24  4,238.06 
Other financial liabilities (Refer Note No. 19)  11,490.92  10,600.76 
T otal  24,819.72  17,311.46 
Current  14,886.63  13,070.88 
Non-current  9,933.09  4,240.58 
T otal  24,819.72  17,311.46 
 Cash flow impact of Lease Liability
 Particulars Lease liability
 As at April 01, 2024  4,238.06 
 Additions  6,582.13 
 Statement of profit and loss impact  753.01 
 Adjustment  58.19 
 As at March 31, 2025  10,087.24 
 Cash flow impact  (1,544.15)
 T erms and conditions of the above financial liabilities:
-  Other financial liabilities (except current portion of long term loans from Financial Institutions and Vehicle Loan) are non-
interest bearing.
-  The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions.
-  For explanations on the Group’s credit risk management processes, refer note no. 41.
[[PAGE 267]]
262 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
20.  PROVISIONS
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Provision for employee benefits
Gratuity  65.44  12.82  592.54  669.52 
Leave encashment  123.68  77.71  252.19  291.72 
Sick Leave  2.07  -  10.03  - 
Others:
Provision for income tax (net of advance tax)  -  0.96  -  - 
T otal  191.19  91.49  854.76  961.24 
21.  OTHER LIABILITIES
Particulars Current Non-Current
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Statutory Dues (GST, TDS Payable, PF, Pension Payable)  580.20  273.82  -  - 
Advance from customers  167.18  157.39  -  - 
Advance against Sales Consideration  525.40  -  -  - 
Deposit against asset replacement  164.14  275.71  -  - 
T otal  1,436.92  706.92  -  - 
22.  REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
 Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
 Disaggregated revenue 
Senior Living
Income from finance lease  1,992.70  9,429.19 
Maintenance charges  1,481.49  1,337.69 
Club service and others  446.21  393.16 
Food and beverages  414.73  383.56 
Marketing fee  2,230.54  466.50 
Club membership fee  87.31  47.01 
 6,652.98  12,057.11 
Assisted Care
Care at home  2,231.89  1,170.59 
Care home  976.52  685.78 
MedCare  -  1,362.03 
AGEasy  5,207.58  250.34 
Gross revenue from operations  8,415.99  3,468.74 
Less: discount  (2,178.52)  (970.51)
 6,237.47  2,498.23 
Business Investments
Interest Income on Fixed deposits  423.09  1,428.62 
Income from functional support services  155.00  699.75 
Income from operating lease  813.42  448.56 
Profit on sale/ redemption of current investments  181.41  312.36 
Fair value gain/(loss) on financial assets valued at fair value through profit or 
loss
 8.64  41.40 
 1,581.56  2,930.69 
Others  76.59  76.68 
 T otal  14,548.60  17,562.71 
[[PAGE 268]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 263 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
22.1  CONTRACT BALANCES
 Particulars  As at
March 31, 2025 
 As at
March 31, 2024 
T rade receivables  2,219.97  494.10 
Contract liabilities  167.18  157.39 
 T rade receivables are non interest bearing. Credit period is generally upto 90 days.
23. OTHER INCOME
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Interest income:
(i) Inter corporate deposits  269.65  325.13 
(ii) On Bank deposits  785.24  723.88 
(iii) On Security Deposits  21.37  19.13 
(iv) On Income tax refunds received  140.56  0.81 
(v) Others  2.71  0.11 
Profit on sale/ redemption of current investments  1.55  2.51 
Liabilities/ provisions no longer required written back  45.19  131.78 
Fair value gain/(loss) on financial assets valued at fair value through profit or 
loss
 90.86  76.74 
Lease adjustment  6.96  206.30 
Marketing fees  239.01  213.25 
Miscellaneous income  53.72  34.78 
Secondment fee  160.52  131.11 
Rental Income  26.40  25.77 
Ind AS-Amortisation of Deferred Revenue- Security Deposits  24.77  19.50 
T otal  1,868.51  1,910.79 
24. RAW MATERIAL AND COMPONENTS CONSUMED
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Inventory at the beginning of the year  178.64  170.79 
Add: Purchases made during the year  4,323.10  1,323.36 
 4,501.74  1,494.15 
Less: inventory at the end of the year  (173.63)  (178.64)
Cost of raw material and components consumed  4,328.11  1,315.51 
25 a. (INCREASE)/ DECREASE IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Inventory at the beginning of the year
Finished Goods  433.92  88.37 
 433.92  88.37 
Inventory at the end of the year
Finished Goods  1,490.47  433.92 
 1,490.47  433.92 
(Increase)/ decrease in inventories of finished goods  (1,056.55)  (345.55)
[[PAGE 269]]
264 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
25 b. (INCREASE)/ DECREASE IN INVENTORIES OF WORK IN PROGRESS
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Inventory at the beginning of the year
Project Construction  -  4,841.95 
 -  4,841.95 
Inventory at the end of the year
Project Construction  -  - 
 -  - 
(Increase)/ decrease in inventories of work in progress  -  4,841.95 
26.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Salaries, wages and bonus  8,701.06  6,659.34 
Contribution to Provident and Other funds  261.03  227.95 
Employee stock option scheme (Refer Note No. 37)  264.51  570.25 
Gratuity expense (Refer Note No. 34)  122.35  141.18 
Staff welfare expenses  308.39  221.68 
T otal  9,657.34  7,820.40 
27. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Depreciation on Property, Plant and equipment  498.59  341.23 
Depreciation on Right of Use Assets  957.85  533.10 
Depreciation on Investment Property  86.69  114.52 
Amortisation on Intangible Assets  339.16  26.37 
T otal  1,882.29  1,015.22 
28. FINANCE COSTS
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Interest on
 i) T erm loans from financial institution  -  85.53 
 ii) Vehicle loans  13.00  2.87 
 iii) Others  0.79  12.77 
 iv) Security Deposits  21.68  22.99 
Bank charges  17.69  10.53 
Finance cost on Lease Liability  753.01  331.99 
T otal  806.17  466.68 
[[PAGE 270]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 265 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
29.  OTHER EXPENSES
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Sales commission  63.42  202.88 
Recruitment and training expenses  26.48  127.50 
Rates and T axes  163.60  167.20 
Rent  19.67  21.99 
Compensation to Lessee  -  105.40 
Amortisation of Prepaid Asset  0.22  0.10 
Insurance  40.44  43.61 
Repairs and Maintenance - Buildings  85.95  203.04 
Repairs and Maintenance - Others  276.55  338.24 
Electricity and water charges  478.50  360.26 
Printing and stationery  15.53  13.25 
T ravelling and conveyance  397.09  348.44 
Communication  52.36  45.68 
Membership fees  10.83  4.80 
Information T echnology charges  385.94  121.68 
Business Promotion  5.11  5.35 
Advertisement and publicity  4.21  3.94 
Net loss on sale/ disposal of fixed assets  13.92  127.58 
Allowance for doubtful debts  -  0.30 
Security & Housekeeping expense  193.12  218.75 
Charity and donation  0.66  0.16 
Contribution towards CSR (refer note (ii) below)  57.40  12.05 
Assets written off  16.45  28.72 
Sundry Balances written off  25.21  28.20 
Meeting Expenses  48.20  46.03 
Other Operational expenses  860.53  442.96 
Outsource manpower expenses  606.73  222.88 
Miscellaneous expenses  565.51  226.48 
Exchange loss on foreign exchange fluctuations  -  0.73 
Laundry expenses  27.07  29.65 
Irrecoverable GST written off  296.69  155.99 
Software Expenses  6.18  0.70 
T otal  4,743.57  3,654.54 
29a. NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS’ COMPENSATION (INCLUDING SITTING FEE)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Director's Remuneration  300.00  300.00 
Directors' fee  109.30  109.90 
T otal  409.30  409.90 
[[PAGE 271]]
266 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
29b. LEGAL AND PROFESSIONAL EXPENSES
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Legal and professional  2,400.64  1,627.92 
Auditor's remuneration (Refer Note No. (i) below)  41.71  36.22 
Management service charges  50.00  500.00 
T otal  2,492.35  2,164.14 
(i)  Payment to auditors (excluding GST):
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
As auditor:
Audit Fees  37.90  34.01 
In other capacity:
Reimbursement of expenses  3.71  2.21 
Certification Fees  0.10  - 
T otal  41.71  36.22 
(ii)  Contribution towards CSR:
 The provision under section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, a company, meeting the applicability threshold, needs 
to spend at least 2% of its average net profit for the immediately preceding three financial years on Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) activities.
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
(a)  Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year  4.81  - 
(b)  Amount spent during the year  -  - 
NGO work on education platform  - 
- T each to Lead  5.00  - 
(c)  Excess/(Shortfall) at the end of the year  0.19  - 
(d)  T otal of previous years Excess/(Shortfall)  -  - 
(e)  Reason for shortfall  NA  NA 
(f) Details of related party transactions (Refer Note-38)  5.00  - 
(g)  Where a provision is made with respect to a liability incurred 
by entering into a contractual obligation, the movements in the 
provision
 NA  NA 
 The Company has made contribution of Rs. 5.00 lakhs in FY 2024-25 and NIL in FY 2023-24, which is made to an 
enterprise owned or significantly influenced by key managerial personnel or their relatives i.e. Max India Foundation, a 
trust registered under Indian T rust Act, 1882, with the main objective of empowering children in need, with quality and 
value based education.
29c. MARKETING EXPENSES
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Marketing expenses  3,580.71  1,444.04 
T otal  3,580.71  1,444.04 
Lease surrender premium  2,247.45  1,700.11 
[[PAGE 272]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 267 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
(ii)  Corporate social responsibility
 The provision under section 135 of the Act, w.r.t constitution of CSR Committee and contribution towards CSR activities 
are not applicable to the Company for the FY 2022-23 and FY 2021-22.
 Charity and donation includes contribution of Rs. 30 lakhs in FY 2022-23 and Rs. 20 lakhs in FY 21-22, which is voluntarily 
made to an enterprise owned or significantly influenced by key managerial personnel or their relatives i.e. Max India 
Foundation, a trust registered under Indian T rust Act, 1882, with the main objective of working in the area of healthcare 
and rural development projects.
30. COMPONENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME:
 The disaggregation of changes to OCI by each type of reserve in equity is shown below:
 During the year ended March 31, 2025:
Particulars Foreign Currency 
Translation Reserve
 Other items-Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
T otal
Re-measurement gains/ (losses) on defined benefit plans  -  112.49  112.49 
Foreign exchange translation differences  3.08  -  3.08 
Net (loss)/ gain on FVTOCI equity Securities  -  9.85  9.85 
Income tax effect  -  (3.91)  (3.91)
T otal Other Comprehensive income  3.08  118.43  121.51 
Other Comprehensive income attributable to
Equity holders of the parent  3.08  118.43  121.51 
Non-controlling interests  -  -  - 
 During the year ended March 31, 2024:
Particulars Foreign Currency 
Translation Reserve
 Other items-Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
T otal
Re-measurement gains/ (losses) on defined benefit plans  -  (23.18)  (23.18)
Foreign exchange translation differences  3.81  -  3.81 
Income tax effect  -  2.65  2.65 
T otal Other Comprehensive income  3.81  (20.53)  (16.72)
Other Comprehensive income attributable to
Equity holders of the parent  3.81  (20.53)  (16.72)
Non-controlling interests  -  -  - 
31.  EARNINGS PER EQUITY SHARE (EPS)
 Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit/ loss for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
 Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would be 
issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares.
 
[[PAGE 273]]
268 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 The following reflects the income and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computations:
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
(Loss)/Profit after tax attributable to equity shareholders of the Company  (14,039.20)  (5,637.65)
Particulars Number
(in lakhs)
Number
(in lakhs)
Weighted average number of equity shares in calculating basic EPS  431.96  431.14 
Add : Equivalent weighted average number of employee stock options 
outstanding
 7.34  5.21 
Weighted average number of equity shares in calculating diluted EPS  439.30  436.35 
Earning per share:
Earnings Per Share - Basic (Face value of Rs. 10 per share)  (32.50)  (13.08)
Earnings Per Share - Diluted (Face value of Rs. 10 per share)  (32.50)  (13.08)
32. GROUP INFORMATION
A.  Information about subsidiaries
 The consolidated financial statements of the Group includes subsidiaries listed below:
S.no. Name of the entity Principal business activities Principal place 
of business/ 
Country of 
incorporation
Ownership interest held by the 
Group
(in %)
As at March 
31, 2025
As at March 
31, 2024
1 Antara Senior Living Limited Marketing, construction and 
operation of senior living 
communities 
India  100.00  100.00 
2 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
Care home, Care at home 
and Antara AGEasy
India  100.00  100.00 
3 Antara Purukul Senior Living 
Limited (Refer Note No. (i) 
below)
Oprating and leasing of 
senior living communities
India  100.00  100.00 
4 Max Skill First Limited Learning and development India  100.00  100.00 
5 Max UK Limited Provide business and 
administrative support 
services to officials of group 
companies
United Kingdom  100.00  100.00 
6 Antara Bangalore Senior 
Living Limited (ii)
Management of investment 
in Forum I Aviation Ltd.
India  100.00  100.00 
 Notes:
(i) The entity is held through Antara Senior Living Limited
(ii) The entity (earlier known as Max Ateev Limited) was wholly owned subsidiary of Max India Limited till 31st May, 
2024 and same is held through Antara Senior Living Limited w.e.f. 1st June, 2024.
[[PAGE 274]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 269 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
B.  Joint arrangements in which Group is Joint venture
S.no. Name of the entity Principal business 
activities
Principal place 
of business/ 
Country of 
incorporation
Ownership interest held by the 
Group (in %)
As at March 31, 
2025
As at March 
31, 2024
1 Forum I Aviation Private 
Limited (Refer Note No. (i) 
below)
Aircraft chartering 
services
India  -  20.00 
2 Contend Builders Private 
Limited (Refer Note No. (ii) 
below)
Construction of senior 
living communities
India  62.50  62.50 
 Note:
(i) The entity was a Joint Venture of Max Ateev Limited and same was classified as non-current asset held for sale from 
the quarter ended September 30, 2023 and accordingly application of equity method was discontinued from the 
quarter ended 31st December, 2023 (Refer Note No. 48 for details). The said entity cease to be Joint Venture as on 
March 31, 2024.
(ii) The entity is Joint venture of Antara Senior Living Limited from July 4, 2019.
33.  INTEREST IN JOINT-VENTURES
 The Group’s interest in the Joint Ventures disclosed below is accounted for using the equity method in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements. Summarised financial information of the Joint Venture, based on its Ind AS Consolidated Financial Statements is 
provided below:
 Summarised balance sheet
Particulars Forum I Aviation Private 
Limited
Contend Builders Private 
Limited
As at March 
31, 2025
As at March 
31, 2024
As at March 
31, 2025
As at March 
31, 2024
Investments, Inventories, T rade Receivables, cash and cash 
equivalents, other financial assets and other current assets 
(current)
 -  -  59,064.69  52,045.18 
Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, other 
non-current financial assets and other non-current assets 
including deferred tax assets (non-current)
 -  -  315.37  416.05 
Borrowings, trade payable, other current financial liabilities 
and other liabilities including provisions (current)
 -  -  (59,011.02)  (52,222.80)
Borrowings, other non-current financial liabilities and other 
liabilities including provisions and deferred tax liabilities 
(non- current)
 -  -  (14.74)  (4.92)
Net assets  -  -  354.30  233.51 
Movement in Investment in Joint Ventures Forum I Aviation Private 
Limited
Contend Builders Private 
Limited
 For the year 
ended March 
31, 2025 
 For the year 
ended March 
31, 2024 
 For the year 
ended March 
31, 2025 
 For the year 
ended March 
31, 2024 
Opening investment  -  814.80  1,172.54  1,052.11 
Additions  -  - 
Share in profit/(loss) for the year  -  (12.11)  75.49  120.43 
Deletions  -  (802.69)  -  - 
Closing value  -  -  1,248.04  1,172.54 
[[PAGE 275]]
270 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Summarised statement of profit and loss
Particulars Forum I Aviation Private 
Limited
Contend Builders Private 
Limited
 For the year 
ended March 
31, 2025 
 For the year 
ended March 
31, 2024 
For the year 
ended March 
31, 2025
For the year 
ended March 
31, 2024
Revenue  -  1,326.43  -  - 
Other Income  -  7.00  615.28  821.08 
Profit/ (loss) after tax from continuing operations  -  (60.55)  121.83  191.71 
Other comprehensive income (net of tax)  -  -  (1.04)  0.99 
T otal comprehensive income/(loss) for the year  -  (60.55)  120.79  192.70 
 Note:
 The entity “Forum I Aviation Private Limited” was a Joint Venture of Max Ateev Limited and same was classified as non-current 
asset held for sale from the quarter ended September 30, 2023 and accordingly application of equity method was discontinued 
from the quarter ended 31st December, 2023 (Refer Note No. 48 for details). The said entity ceases to be Joint Venture as on 
March 31, 2024.
34. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
A)  Defined Benefit Plans
a)  Gratuity (Non-Funded):
 The Group has a defined benefit gratuity plan for its employees. Under the plan, employee who has completed five 
years of service is entitled to specific benefit. The level of benefits provided depends on the member’s length of service 
and salary at retirement age. The scheme is unfunded. 
 The gratuity plan is governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Under the act, employee who has completed five 
years of service is entitled to specific benefit. The level of benefits provided depends on the member’s length of service 
and salary at retirement age.
 The following tables summarise the components of net benefit expense recognised in the statement of profit or loss 
and the funded status and amounts recognised in the balance sheet for the defined benefit plans:
 Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows:
Particulars Gratuity plan
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the year  682.34  525.65 
Acquisition adjustment  6.58  - 
Liability T ransferred from/(to) Other Company  (18.19)  - 
Current service cost  73.28  102.56 
Interest cost  49.07  38.62 
Benefits paid  (22.60)  (7.67)
Actuarial (gain) on obligations - OCI  (112.49)  23.18 
Defined benefit obligation at the end of the year  657.98  682.34 
Current Liability  65.44  12.82 
Non-Current Liability  592.54  669.52 
T otal  657.98  682.34 
[[PAGE 276]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 271 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Amount recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss:
Particulars Gratuity plan
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current service cost  73.28  102.56 
Net interest expense  49.07  38.62 
Amount recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss  122.35  141.18 
 Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income:
Particulars Gratuity plan
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Actuarial gain from changes in financial assumptions  112.49  (23.18)
Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income  112.49  (23.18)
 The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity liability for the Group’s plans are shown below:
Particulars Gratuity plan
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate 6.70% - 7.22% 7.10% - 7.22%
Future salary increases 9% - 10% 10.0%
Rate of employee turnover (per annum) 1% - 14% 1% - 14%
Retirement Age 58 to 65 years 58 to 64 years
 A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumption as at March 31, 2025 is as shown below:
Particulars Gratuity plan
Sensitivity level Impact on DBO 
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2024
Assumptions:
Impact on defined benefit obligation of change in 
Discount rate
(a) Impact due to increase of 1%  600.41  624.77  (57.57)  (57.57)
(b) Impact due to decrease of 1%  721.40  745.76  63.42  63.42 
Impact on defined benefit obligation of change in 
Future salary growth rate
(a) Impact due to increase of 1%  719.33  743.69  61.35  61.35 
(b) Impact due to decrease of 1%  601.51  625.87  (56.47)  (56.47)
-  Changes in Defined benefit obligation due to 1% Increase/Decrease in Mortality Rate, if all other assumptions 
remain constant is negligible.
 -  The estimates of rate of escalation in salary considered in actuarial valuation are after taking into account inflation, 
seniority, promotion and other relevant factors including supply and demand in the employment market. The 
above information is as certified by the Actuary. 
 -  Discount rate is based on prevailing market yields of Government securities as at balance sheet date for the 
estimated term of obligations.
 -  The sensitivity analyses above have been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on defined 
benefit obligation as a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting 
period. 
[[PAGE 277]]
272 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 The following payments are expected contributions to the defined benefit plan in future years:
Particulars Gratuity plan
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Within the next 12 months (next annual reporting period) 65.49 12.98
Beyond 12 months 753.62 834.48
T otal expected payments  819.11  847.46 
b)  Leave Encashment 
 Provision for leave encashment benefits payable to its regular employees with respect to accumulated earned leaves 
and sick leaves outstanding at the year end is made by the Company on basis of actuarial valuation and is non funded.
 Movement in net defined benefit (asset)/liability
Particulars Leave encashment
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current service cost  83.60  66.84 
Interest cost (income)  26.58  20.42 
Past service cost including curtailments gains/losses  5.67  - 
Remeasurement loss/(gain)  (55.74)  0.40 
T otal amount recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  60.11  87.66 
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Benefits paid  (44.77)  (26.56)
 (44.77)  (26.56)
Current Liability  125.75  77.71 
Non-Current Liability  262.22  291.72 
T otal  387.97  369.43 
c)  Defined Contribution Plans
 Provident Fund:
 The Group (except Max India Limited) is contributing towards Defined Contribution Plan. Max India Limited is 
contributing in a Provident Fund T rust “Max Financial Services Limited Employees Provident Fund T rust “ which is a 
common fund for certain Max Group companies. The Provident Fund T rust requires that interest shortfall shall be met 
by the employer, accordingly it has been considered as a defined benefit plan. 
 The interest rate payable to the members of the T rust shall not be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by 
the Central Government under the Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, and shortfall, 
if any, shall be made good by the Group. The actuary has accordingly provided a valuation for “Max Financial Services 
Limited Employees Provident Fund T rust” which is a common fund for the Group.
 The details of fund and plan asset position as at March 31, 2025 as per the actuarial valuation of active members are 
as follows:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Plan assets at year end at fair value  616.80  667.19 
Present value of defined benefit obligation at year end  614.86  665.85 
Surplus as per actuarial certificate  1.94  1.34 
Shortfall recognized in balance sheet  -  - 
Active members as at year end (Nos)  19  20 
[[PAGE 278]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 273 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Assumptions used in determining the present value obligation of the interest rate guarantee under the deterministic 
approach:
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate 6.54% 7.20%
Yield on existing funds 8.25% 8.25%
Expected guaranteed interest rate 8.25% 8.25%
 Contribution to Provident Fund (including contribution made to the MFSL Employees PF T rust), recognized as expense 
for the year is as under:
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Employer's Contribution towards Provident Fund (PF)  261.03  227.95 
 261.03  227.95 
35.  CAPITAL COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
a) Capital commitments
 The Group has capital commitment of Rs. NIL (FY 2023-24 Rs.1491.53 lakhs) towards acquisition of Capital assets.
b)  Contingencies
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(i)  Demand of Service T ax on Import of Services pertaining to FY 2015-
16 & 2016-17.(Refer Note No. a)
 2.12  2.12 
(ii)  Demand of Service T ax on Corporate Guarantee Fees pertaining to 
FY 2015-16, 2016-17 & 2017-18. (Refer Note No. a)
 136.45  136.45 
(iii)  Demand of Service T ax on Option Fees pertaining to FY 2015-16 & 
2016-17.(Refer Note No. a)
 544.35  544.35 
(iv)  Income T ax matters under appeal (Refer Note No. b)                 2,899.94                 2,870.77
(v)  Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts- Legal claims 
(Refer Note No. c)
 1,594.38  1,354.98 
(vi)  Demand of Value Added T ax (Refer Note No. d)  -  180.15 
T otal                 5,177.24                 5,088.82
(a)  Max India Limited is contesting these demands and the management, based on advise of its legal/tax consultants 
believes that its position will likely be upheld in the appellate process. No expense has been accrued in the consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements for these demands raised. The management believes that the ultimate outcome of these 
proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position and results of operations. The 
Company does not expect any reimbursements in respect of these contingent liabilities.
 (b) (i)  During the FY 2021-22, the Company has received an income tax demand of ~ Rs. 2,716.00 lakhs on account 
of disallowance of the loss claimed on sale of shares of Neeman Medical International BV (an erstwhile wholly 
owned subsidiary) by erstwhile Max India Limited during the financial year 2014-15. The Company has filed an 
appeal/writ with Hon’ble High Court of Punjab & Haryana and is strong on merits. The matter has been stayed & 
pending before court.
(ii)  During the FY 2023-24, APSLL, the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company has received assessment order w.r.t 
FY 2021-22 wherein there is Demand of Rs. 1,113.19 lakhs which got reduced to Rs. 162.45 lakhs (31 March 2024: Rs. 
133.28 Lakhs) consequent to rectification petition u/ s 154 filed by the company.  The company has also filed  appeal 
with Commissioner of Income T ax ((Appeals) against the additions/ disallowances.
(iii)  The said subsidiary has flied an appeal with Commissioner of Income T ax (Appeals) against the demand of net Rs. 
21.49 Lakhs w.r.t. disallowing TDS claim by Income T ax Department for the FY 2017-18.
[[PAGE 279]]
274 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
(c)  APSLL,  the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company has Commercial Claim pending in Courts or lying with Arbitrators 
not acknowledged as debt Rs. 1,594.38 Lakhs (31 March 2024: Rs. 1,354.98 Lakhs).
(d)  APSLL is in appeal against the VAT assessment demand order of Rs. Nil  (31 March 2024: Rs. 180.15 Lakhs).
c)  Corporate guarantee
 The Group does not have any Corporate guarantee to disclose.
36.  LEASES
 Effective April 1, 2019, the Group has adopted Ind AS 116 “Leases”, applied to all lease contracts existing on April 1, 2019 using 
the modified retrospective method along with the transition option to recognise Right-of-Use asset (ROU) at an amount equal 
to the lease liability.
 Consequently, in the financial statements, the nature of expenses in respect of Operating Leases has changed from lease rent 
to depreciation cost for the ROU asset and finance cost for the interest accrued on lease liability. The effect of this adoption is 
not material on the profit and earnings per share for the current year.
 The Group has entered into short term lease arrangements for certain facilities. Rent expense of Rs. 19.67 lakhs (Previous 
period: Rs. 21.99 lakhs) in respect of obligation under cancellable operating leases has been charged to the Statement of Profit 
and Loss for these short term lease arrangements.
36.1  FINANCE LEASES - GROUP AS LESSEE
 The following is the movement in lease liabilities during the year ended March 31, 2025:
Particulars  Amount as on 
March 31, 2025 
 Amount as on 
March 31, 2024 
Balance as on 01 April, 2024 (on adoption of IndAS 116)  4,238.06  2,288.19 
Addition  6,582.13  3,305.42 
Finance cost accrued during the year  753.01  331.99 
Adjustments  360.69  102.35 
Deletion  (302.50)  (1,020.85)
Payment of Lease liabilities  (1,544.15)  (769.04)
Balance as of 31 March, 2025  10,087.24  4,238.06 
 The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of lease liabilities as of March 31, 2025 on an 
undiscounted cash flow basis:
Particulars  Amount as on 
March 31, 2025 
 Amount as on 
March 31, 2024 
Current  592.05  409.02 
Non-current  9,495.19  3,829.04 
T otal  10,087.24  4,238.06 
 
[[PAGE 280]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 275 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
The following are the Maturity Analysis of Contractual undiscounted cash flow as at 31st March 2025
Particulars  Amount as on 
March 31, 2025 
 Amount as on 
March 31, 2024 
Less than 1 year  1,566.51  848.23 
More than 1 year  13,092.97  5,495.96 
T otal  14,659.48  6,344.19 
 Impact of adoption of Ind AS 116 in Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31st March, 2025 is as follows:
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Increase in interest expense on lease liability  753.01  331.99 
Increase in depreciation expense of Right-of-use asset  957.85  533.10 
T otal  1,710.86  865.09 
 The following is the classification of future cash outflows as on 31st March 2025
Particulars  Amount as on 
March 31, 2025 
 Amount as on 
March 31, 2024 
Fixed Rent  14,659.48  6,344.19 
36.2 FINANCE LEASES- GROUP AS LESSOR
 Leases in which the Group transfers substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership of the asset are classified as finance 
leases. Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited, step down subsidiary of the Company, is receiving full lease consideration in 
advance before possession/ registration of lease deed. In such case the entire lease consideration towards the apartment to the 
extent it is related to lease rentals, is recognized as revenue in the Statement of Profit & Loss and the costs of the leased unit is 
transferred from inventory to Statement of Profit & Loss.
 Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership of the asset are classified as 
operating leases. Assets subject to operating leases are included in PPE. Lease income on an operating lease is recognized in 
the statement of profit and loss. Initial direct costs such as legal costs, brokerage costs, etc. are recognized immediately in the 
statement of profit and loss.
37.  EMPLOYEE SHARE BASED PAYMENTS
A Max India Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (ESOP Plan)
 The Company had instituted Max India Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (ESOP Plan), which was approved 
by the Board of Directors in its meeting held on October 28, 2020 and by the shareholders through Postal Ballot process 
on December 28, 2020. The T otal number of options to be granted under the ESOP Plan to the eligible employees of the 
Company and to its subsidiary company and step-down subsidiary (Antara Senior Living Limited and Antara Purukul 
Senior Living Limited) shall not exceed 26,89,313 options. Each option when exercised would be converted into one equity 
share of Rs 10/- each fully paid -up. The ESOP Plan is administered by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. 
The employees of the Company and its subsidiary shall receive shares of the Company upon completion of vesting 
conditions such as rendering of services across vesting period. The Option Price will be determined by the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee, from time to time, in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, provided that the 
Option Price shall not be below the face value of the equity shares of the Company.
[[PAGE 281]]
276 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
a) A table showing the details of stock options outstanding containing the following details-
Grant date Company Number of Options 
Outstanding  
Vesting date  Exercise 
price
Fair value at 
Grant Date
As at March 
31, 2025
As at March 
31, 2024
03/04/2021 Max India Limited  2,44,022  2,59,022 01/04/2025 64.43 33.77 - 37.62
03/04/2021 Max India Limited  2,44,022  2,59,022 01/04/2025 64.43 33.77 - 37.62
03/04/2021 Max India Limited  2,20,775  2,90,105 01/04/2025 64.43 33.77 - 37.62
14/04/2021 Max India Limited  1,82,572  4,56,428 01/04/2025 65.23 34.42 - 38.05
25/04/2022 Max India Limited  1,35,866  1,56,866 01/04/2026 76.60 36.86 - 45.73
25/04/2022 Max India Limited  1,54,295  1,74,295 01/04/2026 76.60 36.86 - 45.73
25/04/2022 Max India Limited  1,30,722  1,30,722 01/04/2026 76.60 36.86 - 45.73
02/10/2022 Max India Limited  1,59,358  1,59,358 01/04/2026 83.78 39.82 - 49.34
01/06/2023 Max India Limited  2,17,171  2,47,312 31/05/2027 103.65 47.98 - 59.55
01/11/2023 Max India Limited  -  47,401 01/11/2027 140.83 71.33 - 85.75
01/11/2023 Max India Limited  95,276  95,276 01/11/2027 140.83 71.33 - 85.75
01/11/2023 Max India Limited  22,753  22,753 01/11/2027 140.83 71.33 - 85.75
01/06/2024 Max India Limited  49,357  - 01/06/2028 270.50 132.08 - 158.98
TOTAL  18,56,189  22,98,560 
 Note: Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company in its meeting held on May 25, 2023 amended the 
vesting schedule for all grants made till that date from Bullet vesting to Graded vesting. Revised vesting schedule is as 
under:
(i)  10% of the total option to be vested by end of first year.
(ii)  20% of the total option to be vested by end of second year.
(iii)  30% of the total option to be vested by end of third year.
(iv)  40% of the total option to be vested by end of fourth year. 
 Exercise period shall be 5 years from the respective Vesting Date.
b)  Particulars  For the year ended March 31, 2025  For the year ended March 31, 2024
Number of 
options
Weighted 
Average 
exercise price 
(Rs.)
Weighted 
Average 
Fair value of 
Options
Number of 
options
Weighted 
Average 
exercise price 
(Rs.)
Weighted 
Average 
Fair value of 
Options
 Option outstanding 
at the beginning of the 
year 
 22,98,560  76.69  35.94  22,09,719  69.36  30.04 
Granted during the year  59,228  270.50  145.33  4,12,742  118.55  63.75 
 Exercised during the 
year 
 (4,18,565)  66.56  36.70  (1,41,759)  65.93  28.70 
 Forfeited during the 
year 
 (83,034)  144.71  78.95  (1,82,142)  73.30  - 
 Closing balance  18,56,189  83.86  45.59  22,98,560  76.69  35.94 
 Exercisable at the end 
of the year 
 5,05,267  -  -  3,38,776  -  - 
 Max India Ltd. has calculated volatility (equivalent from the date of grant till time of maturity) of its Stock price as per 
the option’s time to maturity. For the respective grant dates, the Company considered the available data of historical 
traded price of equity shares of the Company and traded price of erstwhile Max India Limited.
c) Expense arising from share-based payment transactions
 T otal expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised in profit or loss as part of employee benefit 
expense were as follows:
[[PAGE 282]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 277 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Employee option plan  179.95  378.01 
d) Stock compensation expense under the Fair Value method has been determined based on fair value of the stock 
options at the date of grant. The fair value of stock options was determined using the Black Scholes option pricing 
model with the following assumptions.
  Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP Plan”)
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Date of option granted 01/06/2024 01/06/2023 01/11/2023
Stock Price Now (in Rs.)  265.00  102.05  141.70 
Exercise Price (X) (in Rs.)  270.50  103.65  140.83 
Expected Volatility (Standard Dev - Annual) 37.17% 34.38% 35.33%
Life of the options granted (Vesting and exercise 
period) in years
 6.00 to 9.00  6.00 to 9.00  6.00 to 9.00 
Expected Dividend  -  -  - 
Average Risk- Free Interest Rate 7.19% to 7.22% 7.09% to 7.17% 7.54% to 7.58%
Weighted average fair value of options granted  132.08 - 158.98  47.98 - 59.55  71.33 - 85.75 
e) Details of Weighted average remaining contractual life for the share options outstanding are as follows:
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Weighted Avg. remaining life for the options outstanding at the end 
of the year (in years)
 5.27  5.99 
B   Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP Plan”) 
 The wholly owned subsidiary Antara Assiated Care services Limited, has, based on Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 
(ESOP Plan) approved by the Board and it’s shareholders’, granted ESOP’s to its employees. Each option when exercised 
would be converted into one equity share of Rs 10/- each fully paid -up. The ESOP Plan is administered by the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee. The employees shall receive shares of the Company upon completion of vesting conditions 
such as rendering of services across vesting period. The Option Price will be determined by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, from time to time, in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, provided that the Option 
Price shall not be below the face value of the equity shares of the Company.
a) A table showing the details of stock options outstanding containing the following details-
Grant date Company Number 
of Options 
Outstanding  
Vesting date  Exercise 
price
Fair value at 
Grant Date
As at March 
31, 2025
14/04/2021 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 3,19,935 31/03/2024  10.00  5.88 
18/04/2022 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 3,77,265 31/03/2024  10.00  5.88 
01/06/2023 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 6,33,400 01/06/2024  10.00  5.99 
01/06/2023 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 3,42,800 01/06/2025  10.00  6.55 
01/06/2023 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 5,14,200 01/06/2026  10.00  7.09 
[[PAGE 283]]
278 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Grant date Company Number 
of Options 
Outstanding  
Vesting date  Exercise 
price
Fair value at 
Grant Date
As at March 
31, 2025
01/06/2023 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 6,85,600 01/06/2027  10.00  7.60 
01/11/2023 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 74,400 01/11/2024  10.00  6.22 
01/11/2023 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 1,48,800 01/11/2025  10.00  6.78 
01/11/2023 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 2,23,200 01/11/2026  10.00  7.31 
01/11/2023 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 2,97,600 01/11/2027  10.00  7.87 
01/06/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 1,63,400 01/06/2024  10.00  6.55 
01/06/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 14,96,725 31/05/2025  10.00  6.55 
01/06/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 3,26,800 01/06/2025  10.00  7.09 
01/06/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 1,03,850 31/05/2026  10.00  7.09 
01/06/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 4,90,200 01/06/2026  10.00  7.60 
01/06/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 1,55,775 31/05/2027  10.00  7.60 
01/06/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 6,53,600 01/06/2027  10.00  8.15 
01/06/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 2,07,700 31/05/2028  10.00  8.15 
01/10/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 89,900 30/09/2025  10.00  6.74 
01/10/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 1,79,800 30/09/2026  10.00  7. 26 
01/10/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 2,69,700 30/09/2027  10.00  7.78 
01/10/2024 Antara Assisted Care 
Services Limited
 3,59,600 30/09/2028  10.00  8.29 
TOTAL  81,14,250 
 * Exercise period shall be 5 years from the Vesting Date
b)  Particulars  For the year ended March 31, 2025  For the year ended March 31, 2024
Number of 
options
Weighted 
Average 
exercise 
price (Rs.)
Weighted 
Average 
Fair value 
of Options
Number of 
options
Weighted 
Average 
exercise 
price (Rs.)
Weighted 
Average 
Fair value 
of Options
 Option outstanding at the 
beginning of the year 
 41,20,450  10.00  17.33  12,69,200  10.00  20.82 
 Granted during the year  54,00,855  10.00  9.16  29,59,750  10.00  15.84 
 Exercised during the year  -  -  -  - 
 Forfeited during the year (14,07,055)  10.00  14.51  (1,08,500)  10.00  - 
 Closing balance  81,14,250  10.00  12.38  41,20,450  10.00  17.33 
 Exercisable at the end of the 
year 
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
[[PAGE 284]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 279 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 The volatility of closing value of BSE 500 Index has been computed based on the option’s time to maturity. 
c) Expense arising from share-based payment transactions
 T otal expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised in profit or loss as part of employee benefit 
expense were as follows:
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Employee option plan  66.81  177.68 
d) Stock compensation expense under the Fair Value method has been determined based on fair value of the stock 
options at the date of grant. The fair value of stock options was determined using the Black Scholes option pricing 
model with the following assumptions.
  Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP Plan”)
Particulars  For the year ended March 31, 2025
Date of option granted 01/10/2024 01/06/2024
Stock Price Now (in Rs.)  14.95  14.95 
Exercise Price (X) (in Rs.)  10.00  10.00 
Expected Volatility (Standard Dev - Annual) 13.75% - 18.24% 13.08% - 18.47%
Life of the options granted (Vesting and exercise period) in years  3.00-6.00  2.67 - 5.67 
Expected Dividend  -  - 
Average Risk- Free Interest Rate 6.54% - 6.62% 6.53% - 6.62%
Weighted average fair value of options granted  6.74 - 8.29  6.55 - 8.15 
e) Details of Weighted average remaining contractual life for the share options outstanding are as follows:
Particulars  For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
 For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Weighted Avg. remaining life for the options outstanding at the end 
of the year (in years)
 5.95  7.60 
38.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
A. Name of related party and relationship :
Relationship with the related party Name of related party
Joint Venture 1 Forum I Aviation Private Limited (Till January 25, 2024)
2 Contend Builders Private Limited
Directors /Key Management Personnel (KMP) 1 Mr. Analjit Singh (Non-executive Chairman)
2 Mr. Ashok Brijmohan Kacker (Independent Director) (Till 
August 31, 2023)
3 Mr. Mohit T alwar (Non-executive Director) 
4 Mr. Rajit Mehta (Managing Director)
5 Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani (Non-executive Director)
6 Mrs. Sharmila T agore (Independent Director)
7 Mr. Pradeep Pant (Independent Director)
8 Mrs. Bhawna Agarwal (Independent Director) (Till October 
12, 2023)
9 Mr. Niten Malhan (Independent Director)
10 Dr. Ajit Singh (Independent Director) 
11 Mr. Rohit Kapoor (Independent Director) 
[[PAGE 285]]
280 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Relationship with the related party Name of related party
12 Mr. Pankaj Chawla (Company Secretary) (Till September 30, 
2024)
13 Mr. Sandeep Pathak (Chief Financial Officer)
14 Ms. T rapti (Company Secretary) (Appointed w.e.f. November 
27, 2024)
15 Mr. Ajay Agrawal ((Chief financial officer of wholly-owned 
subsidiary ASLL and APSLL)
16 Mr. Ishaan Khanna (Whole Time Director of wholly-owned 
subsidiary AACSLL)
17 Mr. Ishan Bummi (Manager of wholly-owned subsidiary 
AACSLL) ( Till February 10, 2025)
18 Mr. Ankit Kalra (Chief Financial Officer of wholly-owned 
subsidiary AACSLL)
19 Mr. Vaibhav Dubey (Manager of wholly-owned subsidiary 
APSL)
20 Ms. Samridhi Kinra (Company Secretary of wholly-owned 
subsidiary ASLL and APSLL)
21 Dr. Shubnum Singh (Director of Subsidiary)
Relatives of Directors /Key Management 
Personnel (KMP) (having transactions during 
the year)
1 Ms. Sadhna Mehta (Wife of Mr. Rajit Mehta)
2 Ms. Santosh Mehta (Mother of Mr. Rajit Mehta)
3 Mr. Raghav Mehta (Son of Mr. Rajit Mehta)
4 Mr. Shivang Mehta (Son of Mr. Rajit Mehta)
5 Mr. Om Prakash Mehta (Father of Mr. Rajit Mehta)
6 Mr. Ishan Bummi (Manager)
7 Mr. Chander Mohan (Father of Mr. Ishan Bummi)
8 Ms. Kanika Bummi (Wife of Mr. Ishan Bummi)
9 Mr. Karan Bummi (Brother of Mr. Ishan Bummi)
10 Mr. Harish Chandra Pathak (Father of Mr. Sandeep Pathak)
11 Mr. Suresh Kumar Kalra (Father of Mr. Ankit Kalra)
12 Ms. Piya Singh (Sister of Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani)
13 Mr. Sahil Vachani (Husband of Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani)
14 Ms. Anita Grover (Sister of Mr. Rajit Mehta)
15 Ms. Akhila (Mother of Mr. Ishan Bummi)
16 Mr. Amar Pratap Singh (Husband of Dr. Shubnum Singh)
Enterprises owned or significantly influenced by 
key management personnel or their relatives or 
entities having control or significant influence 
(having transactions during the year)
1 Max India Foundation
2 Max Financial Services Limited
3 Axis Max Life Insurance Company Limited
4 Max Ventures and Industries Limited
5 New Delhi House Services limited
6 Max T owers Private Limited (erstwhile Wise Zone Builders 
Private Limited)
7 Southend Houses Private Limited
8 Max Asset Services Limited
9 Pharmax Corporation Limited
10 Icare Health Projects and Research Private Limited
11 Max Learning Ventures Private Limited 
12 Max Ventures Private Limited
13 Max Estates Limited 
14 Max Square Limited
15 Delhi Guest Houses Private Limited 
16 VSTAR Ventures LLP
17 Max Estates Gurugram Limited
[[PAGE 286]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 281 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Relationship with the related party Name of related party
18 Max Estates Noida Private Limited
19 Association of Senior Living India
Employee benefit trust
Person or entities having control or significant 
influence
1 Max Financial Services Ltd. Employees’ Provident Fund T rust
1 Mr. Analjit Singh
2 Mrs. Neelu Analjit Singh*
3 Ms. Piya Singh
4 Mr. Veer Singh
5 Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani
6 Siva Enterprises Private Limited
7 Max Ventures Investment Holdings Private Limited
 * Applied for reclassification as public shareholder
B.  The following table provides the details of transactions that have been entered into with related parties for the relevant 
period.
Nature of transaction Name of related party For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Income from functional 
support services
Max Financial Services Limited  100.00  649.75 
Max Estates Limited  55.00  50.00 
Reimbursement of expenses 
(receivable from)
Max Financial Services Limited  82.51  83.60 
New Delhi House Services limited  2.93  18.59 
Max Ventures Investment Holdings 
Private Limited
 0.67  2.70 
Contend Builders Private Limited  1.41  0.49 
Axis Max Life Insurance Company 
Limited
 -  24.28 
Max Estates Limited  -  4.77 
Sale of fixed assets Max Financial Services Limited  0.86  - 
Purchase of fixed assets Max Financial Services Limited  -  32.29 
Maintenance / other expenses New Delhi House Services limited  132.26  149.46 
Max Asset Services Limited  1.36  70.27 
Max Financial Services Limited  35.60  16.76 
Retiral benefits paid (on 
transfer of employees)
Axis Max Life Insurance Company 
Limited
 30.60  - 
Retiral benefits received (on 
transfer of employees)
New Delhi House Services limited  38.24  - 
Insurance expense Axis Max Life Insurance Company 
Limited
 23.33  22.08 
Insurance Refunded to Max Financial Services Limited  -  21.81 
Max India Foundation  -  0.33 
[[PAGE 287]]
282 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Nature of transaction Name of related party For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Management service charges Max Financial Services Limited  50.00  500.00 
Rent paid Pharmax Corporation Limited  -  0.72 
Max Financial Services Limited  1.80  1.80 
Southend Houses Private Limited  37.50  37.50 
Delhi Guest Houses Private Limited  70.10  82.41 
Max T owers Private Limited  0.84  5.20 
Pharmax Corporation Limited  1.80  1.98 
VSTAR Ventures LLP  13.01  - 
Dr. Shubnum Singh  -  3.50 
Director sitting fee Mr. Ashok Brijmohan Kacker  -  6.00 
Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani  10.00  11.00 
Mr. Analjit Singh  4.00  5.00 
Mr. Rohit Kapoor  7.00  5.00 
Dr. Ajit Singh  15.00  12.00 
Mrs. Sharmila T agore  9.00  19.00 
Ms. Bhawna Agarwal  -  3.00 
Mr. Niten Malhan  27.00  16.00 
Mr. Mohit T alwar  10.00  6.00 
Mr. Pradeep Pant  18.00  21.00 
Dr. Shubnum Singh  5.00  3.00 
Other T ransactions with KMP/
Director, relatives of KMP/
Director
Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani  3.33  2.10 
Mr. Sahil Vachani  0.11  0.04 
Mr. Rajit Mehta  0.92  0.22 
Ms. Piya Singh  8.03  - 
Ms. Sadhna Mehta  0.29  0.09 
Mr. Amar Pratap Singh  0.07  0.03 
Mr. Raghav Mehta  0.01  - 
Mr. Shivang Mehta  0.09  0.14 
Mr. Santosh Mehta  0.92  - 
Mr. Om Prakash Mehta  7.18  4.17 
Mr. Ishan Bummi  0.12  0.08 
Mr. Chander Mohan  0.01  0.04 
Ms. Akhila  0.07  0.01 
Ms. Kanika Bummi  0.02  - 
Ms. Kanika Bummi  -  0.01 
Mr. Sandeep Pathak  -  0.05 
Mr. Harish Chandra Pathak  0.03  0.01 
Mr. Suresh Kumar Kalra  0.81  0.21 
Ms. Anita Grover  -  0.05 
Ms. Neelu Analjit Singh  66.17  0.08 
[[PAGE 288]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 283 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Nature of transaction Name of related party For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Compensation paid to Non-
executive Director (Note-1)
Mr. Analjit Singh  300.00  300.00 
Key Managerial person 
remuneration*
Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani  466.39  368.28 
Mr. Rajit Mehta  1,191.80  613.79 
Mr. Sandeep Pathak  147.67  111.00 
Ms. T rapti (Appointed w.e.f. November 
27, 2024)
 12.33  - 
Mr. Pankaj Chawla (Till September 30, 
2024)
 55.06  60.22 
Mr. Ajay Agrawal  303.34  10.07 
Mr. Ishaan Khanna 187.44 152.75
Mr. Ishan Bummi 111.33 103.22
Mr. Ankit Kalra 60.59 49.65
Mr. Vaibhav Dubey  67.41  52.51 
Ms. Samridhi Kinra  11.21  10.07 
Security deposit given Max Asset Services Limited  -  - 
Max Estates Gurugram Limited  -  3,300.00 
Sale of club & other services Max Estates Limited  2.19  0.64 
Contend Builders Private Limited  0.46  0.30 
New Delhi House Services limited  0.88  1.68 
Max Estates Gurugram Limited  1.14  - 
Max Asset Services Limited  13.64  - 
Senior Living Management Fee Max Estates Gurugram Limited  1,933.44  - 
Club Membership Subscription Max Estates Limited  17.50  - 
Dr. Shubnum Singh  7.50  - 
Subscription & Membership 
Fee
Association of Senior Living India  0.97  - 
Sponsorship fee Association of Senior Living India  1.25  - 
Corporate Social Responsibility Max India Foundation  47.00  - 
Marketing and project fees Contend Builders Private Limited  298.23  466.50 
Secondment fee Contend Builders Private Limited  160.52  131.11 
Company's contribution to 
Provident Fund T rust
Max Financial Services Ltd. Employees’ 
Provident Fund T rust
 23.91  23.07 
[[PAGE 289]]
284 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Nature of transaction Name of related party For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Interest income Contend Builders Private Limited  269.65  325.13 
Rent income Max Financial Services Limited  34.12  74.14 
Max Ventures Investment Holdings 
Private Limited
 -  29.90 
Max Estates Limited  463.57  115.89 
License fee income Max India Foundation  -  0.80 
Security Deposit Received Max Assets Services Limited  7.87  7.84 
Forum I Aviation Private Limited  -  38.00 
Max Estates Limited  -  115.89 
Security Deposit Refunded Max Financial Services Limited  -  13.34 
Max Ventures Investment Holdings 
Private Limited
 -  9.97 
Icare Health Projects and Research 
Private Limited.
 2,000.00  - 
Advance received against non-
Current asset held for sale
Max T owers Private Limited  525.40  - 
Sale of Investment Forum I Aviation Private Limited  -  804.32 
 Equity Investment (Unquoted) Max Estates Noida Private Limited  703.38  - 
 Refund of inter corporate 
deposit 
Contend Builders Private Limited  -  2,225.18 
 * The remuneration to the key managerial personnel does not include the provisions made for gratuity and leave benefits, 
as they are determined on an actuarial basis for the respective Company as a whole.However, it includes amount paid by 
the company towards health insurance premium and company’s contribution to provident fund.
 Note 1: Compensation paid to Mr. Analjit Singh for his contribution on Board management, governance process and 
strategic initiatives of the company with the approval of shareholders.
C.  The following table provides the year end balances with related parties for the relevant period :
Nature of transaction Name of related party  As at March 31, 
2025 
As at March 31, 
2024
Loans and advances given Contend Builders Private Limited  2,480.00  2,480.00 
T rade receivable Max Financial Services Limited  40.00  46.01 
Max Ventures Investment Holdings 
Private Limited
 -  1.55 
Contend Builders Private Limited  23.74  58.80 
Max Estates Limited  60.02  14.64 
Mr. Rajit Mehta  0.92  0.06 
Mr. Om Prakash Mehta  -  0.15 
Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani  0.04  - 
Max Estates Gurugram Limited  1,151.35  - 
Other receivable Mr. Analjit Singh  187.86  187.86 
[[PAGE 290]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 285 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Nature of transaction Name of related party  As at March 31, 
2025 
As at March 31, 
2024
Ms. Neelu Analjit Singh  0.50  28.18 
Dr. Shubnum Singh  -  28.18 
Max Asset Services Limited  -  7.84 
Max Financial Services Limited  0.27  0.99 
Security Deposit Receivable Delhi Guest Houses Private Limited  15.00  15.00 
Max Financial Services Limited  0.45  0.45 
Southend Houses Private Limited  9.37  9.37 
Max Asset Services Limited  0.03  7.90 
Advance Against Services Axis Max Life Insurance Company 
Limited
 6.63  3.09 
Deposit paid towards development 
rights
Icare Health Projects and Research 
Private Limited
 4,050.00  6,050.00 
Other financial Assets Contend Builders Private Limited  1,118.76  851.35 
Amount Payable New Delhi House Services Limited  (18.90)  (17.70)
Pharmax Corporation Limited  (3.70)  (1.99)
Max Asset Services Limited  (0.01)  (17.33)
Delhi Guest Houses Private Limited  (0.04)  (3.59)
Max T owers Private Limited  -  (2.42)
VSTAR Ventures LLP  (1.59)  - 
Ms. Piya Singh  -  (0.31)
Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani  -  (0.01)
Ms. Neetu Analjit Singh  -  (0.03)
Mr. Amar Pratap Singh  -  (0.07)
Security Deposit Refundable Max Financial Services Limited  (8.53)  (8.53)
Max Ventures Investment Holdings 
Private Limited
 -  - 
Max Estates Limited  (115.90)  (115.90)
Other Current Liabilities Max T owers Private Limited  525.40  - 
Performance Deposit Given Max Estates Gurugram Limited  3,300.00  3,300.00 
Investment in equity share capital Contend Builders Private Limited  1,248.04  1,172.54 
Forum I Aviation Private Limited  -  - 
D.  T erms and conditions of transactions with related parties
 The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions.
[[PAGE 291]]
286 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
E.  Directors’ interests in the ESOP plan
 Share options held by executive members of the Board of Directors under the ESOP Plan to purchase Equity shares have 
the following expiry dates and exercise prices:
Company Grant date Vesting 
date
Exercise 
price
Number 
of 
options 
granted
Number 
of 
options 
Vested/ 
to be 
Vested
Number outstanding Person
As at 
March 31, 
2025
As at 
March 31, 
2024
Max India Limited* 14/04/2021 01/06/2023 65.23  1,82,572  1,36,928  1,82,572  4,56,428 Mr. Rajit 
Mehta01/06/2024  1,36,928 
01/06/2025  1,82,572 
Antara Assisted 
Care Services 
Limited
14/04/2021 31/03/2024 10.00 2,28,000 2,28,000 18,60,000 4,98,000 Mr. Rajit 
Mehta18/04/2022 31/03/2024 2,70,000 2,70,000
01/06/2023 01/06/2024 3,30,000 3,30,000
01/06/2024 31/05/2025 10,32,000 10,32,000
  * 2,73,856 Options excercised during the year.
  Exercise period is 5 years after vesting date
39.  SEGMENT INFORMATION
39.1 The segment reporting of the Group has been prepared in accordance with Ind AS-108, “Operating Segment” ( specified under 
the section 133 of the Companies Act 2013 (the Act) read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rule 2015 (as 
amended from time to time) and other relevant provision of the Act ). For management purposes, the Group is organised into 
business units based on its products and services and has four reportable segments as follows:
a)  Operating Segments:
(i)  Business Investments – This segment is represented by treasury investments, rental from investment property and 
functional support services to group companies.
(ii)  Senior Living – T wo of the Company’s subsidiaries is engaged in the business of senior living.
(iii) Assisted Care - This segment caters to the seniors by providing Care at Home services, Care Homes facilities and 
has also launched Antara AGEasy which is a new-age holistic direct to consumer (D2C) platform that helps seniors 
manage common chronic conditions.
(iv) Others
b) Identification of Segments:
 The Board of Directors monitors the operating results of its business segments separately for the purpose of making 
decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on profit or 
loss and is measured consistently with profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements. Operating segments have 
been identified on the basis of the nature of product / services and have been identified as per the quantitative criteria 
specified in the Ind AS.
c)  Revenue and expenses have been identified to a segment on the basis of relationship to operating activities of the segment. 
Revenue and expenses which relate to enterprise as a whole and are not allocable to a segment on reasonable basis have 
been disclosed as “Unallocated”.
d)  Segment assets and segment liabilities represent assets and liabilities in respective segments. Right of use assets, lease 
liability, tax related assets and other assets and liabilities that can not be allocated to a segment on reasonable basis have 
been disclosed as “Unallocated”.
[[PAGE 292]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 287 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
39.2 Segment information Senior Living Assisted Care Business Investments Others T otal
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
a. Segment Revenue from 
continuing operations
Revenue from external 
customers
 6,652.97  12,056.89  6,237.46  2,498.23  1,581.57  2,930.91  76.60  76.68  14,548.60  17,562.71 
Inter segment revenue  18.40  303.77  10.59  10.01  331.45  192.56  12.00  12.00  372.44  518.34 
T otal Segment Revenue  6,671.37  12,360.66  6,248.05  2,508.24  1,913.02  3,123.47  88.60  88.68  14,921.04  18,081.05 
Less: Inter segment 
revenue
 18.40  303.77  10.59  10.01  331.45  192.56  12.00  12.00  372.44  518.34 
Revenue from 
continuing operations
 6,652.97  12,056.89  6,237.46  2,498.23  1,581.57  2,930.91  76.60  76.68  14,548.60  17,562.71 
b. Segments Results 
before interest, share 
of loss of joint venture 
and tax from continuing 
operations before 
exceptional items
(1,262.07)  494.59 (10,935.07)  (6,100.03)  (826.44)  50.11  (60.71)  (68.49) (13,084.29)  (5,623.82)
Add: Interest income  1,216.82  1,068.95 
Less: Interest expense  806.17  458.57 
Loss/ (profit) before 
tax, share of loss of 
joint venture and 
tax from continuing 
operations before 
exceptional items
 (12,673.64) (5,013.44)
Add: Share of loss of 
joint ventures
 75.49  108.33 
Less: Provision for 
taxation (includes 
provision for Deferred 
T ax)
 181.05  734.17 
Loss/ (profit) after tax, 
share of loss of joint 
venture and tax from 
continuing operations 
before exceptional 
items
(12,779.20)  (5,639.28)
c. Segment assets  28,131.79  30,990.36  20,704.50  9,349.46  3,199.96  25,570.77  199.01  301.24  52,235.26  66,211.83 
Add: Investment in joint 
ventures accounted for 
using equity method
 1,248.04  1,172.54 
Add: Goodwill  12.13  12.13 
Add: Unallocated assets  281.31  1,037.70 
T otal Assets  28,131.79  30,990.36 20,704.50  9,349.46  3,199.96  25,570.77  199.01  301.24  63,285.19 68,434.20 
d. Segment Liabilities  13,170.89  12,249.12  12,112.67  5,217.80  2,087.20  1,658.44  30.12  25.53  27,400.88  19,150.89 
Add: Unallocated 
liabilities
 15.20  48.98 
T otal Liabilities  13,170.89  12,249.12  12,112.67  5,217.80  2,087.20  1,658.44  30.12  25.53  27,416.08  19,199.87 
e. Depreciation and 
amortisation expenses
 264.40  171.43  1,340.03  575.58  277.85  268.21  -  -  1,882.29  1,015.22 
f. Additions to Property, 
Plant & Equipment, 
Intangible assets, 
Right of use assets and 
Investment property
 404.91  992.62  8,697.77  3,721.81  191.41  642.76  -  -  9,294.10  5,357.20 
[[PAGE 293]]
288 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
40.  FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY
 The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by valuation 
technique:
 Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 Level 2: other techniques for which all inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable, either 
directly or indirectly
 Level 3: techniques that use inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on observable 
market data
 The following table provides the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s assets and liabilities.
A. Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy as at March 31, 2025:
Particulars Carrying 
value
 Fair value measurement using 
 Quoted 
prices 
in active 
markets 
 Significant 
observable 
inputs 
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
 (Level 1)  (Level 2) (Level 3)
Financial assets measured at Fair value through profit 
or loss:
Current
Investment in Mutual funds (Refer Note No. 6b)  3,371.64  3,371.64  -  - 
Assets measured at amortised cost:
Non-Current
Loan (Refer Note No. 7)  2,574.49  -  -  2,574.49 
Other financial assets (Refer Note No. 10)  3,634.45  -  -  3,634.45 
Current
T rade receivables (Refer Note No. 8)  2,219.97  -  -  2,219.97 
Cash and Cash Equivalents (Refer Note No. 9)  2,269.53  -  -  2,269.53 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents 
(Refer Note No. 9a)
 8,682.54  -  -  8,682.54 
Other financial assets (Refer Note No. 10)  4,448.61  -  -  4,448.61 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost:
Non-Current
Borrowings (Refer Note No. 17a)  93.82  -  -  93.82 
Lease Liability (Refer Note No. 36)  9,495.19  -  -  9,495.19 
Other financial liabilities (Refer Note 19)  344.08  -  -  344.08 
Current
Borrowings (Refer Note No. 17b)  48.94  -  -  48.94 
T rade payables (Refer Note No. 18)  3,098.80  -  -  3,098.80 
Lease Liability (Refer Note No. 36)  592.05  -  -  592.05 
Other financial liabilities (Refer Note No. 19)  11,146.84  -  -  11,146.84 
 There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the period.
[[PAGE 294]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 289 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
B. Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy as at March 31, 2024:
Particulars Carrying 
value
Fair value measurement using
Quoted 
prices 
in active 
markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
(Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
Financial assets measured at Fair value through profit 
or loss:
Current
Investment in Mutual funds (Refer Note No. 6b)  5,173.42  5,173.42  -  - 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost:
Non-Current
Loan (Refer Note No. 7)  2,307.08  -  -  2,307.08 
Other financial assets (Refer Note No. 10)  9,679.74  -  -  9,679.74 
Current
Loan (Refer Note No. 7)  2.78  -  -  2.78 
T rade receivables (Refer Note No. 8)  494.10  -  -  494.10 
Cash and Cash Equivalents (Refer Note No. 9)  11,603.05  -  -  11,603.05 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents 
(Refer Note No. 9a)
 9,298.87  -  -  9,298.87 
Other financial assets (Refer Note No. 10)  3,924.90  -  -  3,924.90 
 Notes:
1 The fair value of the financial assets and liabilities is included at the amount at which the instrument could be 
exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.
2 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
a. The fair values for investments in quoted securities like mutual funds are based on price quotations available in 
the market at each reporting date.
b. The fair values for investments in unquoted equity shares held in Joint ventures are valued as per Ind AS-28 
(Investment in Associates and Joint ventures).
c. The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are determined by using DCF method using discount rate that 
reflects the issuer’s incremental borrowing rate as at the end of the reporting period.
41.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
 The Group’s principal financial liabilities comprise Borrowings, Lease liabilities, T rade payables and Security Deposits and 
refund due to customers. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations. The Group’s 
principal financial assets include Investments in Mutual Funds, Fixed Deposits, Loans, T rade receivables, Bank balances, 
unbilled revenue and security deposits.
 The Group is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s Audit Committee oversees compliance 
with the management of these risks/ company’s Risk Management Policy, and reviews the adequacy of the risk management 
framework in relation to the risk faced by the Group. The Audit Committee is assisted in its overall role by Internal Audit. 
Internal Audit undertakes both regular and ad-hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedure, the results of which 
are reported to the Audit Committee. 
[[PAGE 295]]
290 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 The group’s activities expose it to the following risks arising from the financial instruments
A)  Market risk
B)  Credit risk
C)  Liquidity risk
 This note explains the sources of risk which the entity is exposed to and how the entity manages the risk.
Risk Exposure arising from Measurement Management
Market risk – Price risk Investments in Mutual Funds Net Assets Value (NAV) Diversifies its portfolio of assets
Credit Risk Security Deposits, Cash and 
Cash Equivalents (Balance with 
Banks and Deposits with Banks), 
Deposit with Banks, Loans, T rade 
Receivables, Other Financial 
Assets
Ageing analysis Diversification of Bank Deposits 
and Credit Limits. Ageing review 
of T rade Receivables and regular 
recovery mechanism w.r.t 
outstanding dues of Financial 
assets.
Liquidity risk Borrowings, T rade payables, 
Refund due to customers, Lease 
Liability and Other Financial 
Liabilities.
Cash flow forecasts Maintaining adequate funds 
in the form of Cash and Bank 
Balances and monitoring 
expected cash inflows on T rade 
Receivables and other financial 
assets.
A)  Market risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in 
market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risk: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk such as equity 
price risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include investment in Mutual Funds. The objective of market risk 
is to optimize the return by managing and controlling the market risk exposures within acceptable parameters.
 The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the position as at March 31, 2025. The following assumptions 
have been made in calculating the sensitivity analysis:
 -  The sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. This 
is based on the financial assets and financial liabilities held at March 31, 2025.
a)  Interest rate risk
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market interest rates. In order to balance the Group’s position with regards to interest income and interest 
expense and to manage the interest rate risk, treasury performs comprehensive interest rate risk management. The 
Group’s main interest rate risk arised from long term borrowings with variable rates, which expose the Group to cash 
flow interest rate risk. During March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, Group’s borrowings are denominated in Rupee 
currency.
 The exposure of company’s borrowings to interest rate changes at the end of reporting period are as follows:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Variable rate borrowings  -  - 
Fixed rate borrowings  142.76  118.48 
T otal borrowings  142.76  118.48 
 
[[PAGE 296]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 291 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 Sensitivity
 Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower expense from borrowings as a result of change in interest rates. The table 
summarises the impact of increase/ decrease in interest rates on Profit or loss.
Particulars Impact on profit before tax 
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Interest rates- increase by 50 basis points  0.71  0.59 
Interest rates- decrease by 50 basis points  (0.71)  (0.59)
b)  Foreign currency risk
 Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to 
the Group’s operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in a foreign currency) and investments in 
foreign currency. The foreign currency risk is on account of balances outstanding with Max UK. 
 Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to 
the Group’s operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in a foreign currency) and investments in 
foreign currency.
c)  Price risk
 The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from investments held and classified as FVTPL. T o manage the price risk 
arising from investments in mutual funds, the Group diversifies its portfolio of assets.
 Sensitivity analysis
 Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/ lower prices of Mutual funds on the Company’s profit/loss for the periods:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Price sensitivity
Price increase by (5%) - FVTPL  168.58  258.67 
Price decrease by (5%) - FVTPL  (168.58)  (258.67)
B)  Credit risk
 Financial loss to the Group, arising, if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual 
obligations principally from the Group’s receivables from customers and investments in debt securities. The carrying 
amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.
a)  Credit risk management
 Credit risk arises from the possibility that counter party may not be able to settle their obligations as agreed. T o 
manage this, the Group periodically assesses the financial reliability of customers, taking into account the financial 
condition, current economic trends, and analysis of historical bad debts and ageing of account receivables. Individual 
risk limits are also set accordingly.
 Based on business environment in which the Group operates, a default on a financial asset is considered when the 
counter party fails to make payments within the agreed time period. Loss rates reflecting defaults are based on actual 
credit loss experience and considering differences between current and historical economic conditions.
 The description of significant financial assets is given below:
[[PAGE 297]]
292 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
(i)  Trade Receivables
 The activities of the group primarily include leasing activities, club membership, food and beverages, maintenance 
and club services in the Senior living segment, training activities to related parties from Learning and Development 
segment and facility support and management consultancy to related parties and revenue from Care at Home, 
Care Home, MedCare and AGEasy. The credit risk with respect to amounts outstanding from group’s related 
parties is considered to be insignificant. Refer Note No. 38 on disclosure on related party transactions with 
respect to amount outstanding as at reporting date.
 The Group creates allowances for impairment that represents its expected credit losses in respect of trade 
receivables. The management os the respective companies in the Group uses a simplified approach for the 
purpose of computation of expected credit loss for trade receivables.
(ii)  Cash and cash equivalents
 The Group held cash and cash equivalents of Rs. 2,269.53 lakhs as on 31 March 2025 (31 March 2024: Rs. 
11,603.05 lakhs).The cash and cash equivalents that are held with scheduled banks as on 31 March 2025 are of 
Rs. 2,264.11 lakhs (31 March 2024: Rs. 11,595.88 lakhs).
(iii)  Deposits with banks 
 The Group held fixed deposits and interest on same with banks and financial institutions as on 31 March 2025 of 
Rs.  8,859.09 lakhs (31 March 2024: Rs. 13,015.52 lakhs).
(iv)  Investment in Mutual Funds
 The Group has made Investments in Mutual Funds as on 31 March 2025 of Rs. 3,371.64 Lakhs (31 March 2024: 
Rs. 5,173.42 lakhs).In order to manage the credit risk, the Group maintains a list of approved Asset Management 
Companies with an annual review. The investment in mutual funds is within prescribed parameters as per 
T reasury policy.
(v)  Loans and Advances
 The Group has given loans to its Joint ventures amounting to Rs. 2,574.49 lakhs as on 31 March 2025 (31 March 
2024: Rs. 2,307.08 lakhs). The Loans approval are on a case to case basis by Audit Committee and/ or Board. The 
credit risk with respect to amount of loans advanced to the related party is considered to be significant. Refer 
Note No. 38 on disclosure on related party transactions with respect to amount outstanding as at reporting date.
 The Group creates allowance for impairment that represents its expected credit losses in respect of Loans & Advances.
 T rade receivables and Loans and Advances are written-off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such 
as a debtor declaring bankruptcy or a litigation decided against the Group. Group continues to engage with parties 
whose balances are written-off and attempts to enforce repayment. Recoveries made are recognised in statement of 
profit and loss. 
[[PAGE 298]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 293 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
b)  Credit risk exposure
 The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to credit 
risk at the reporting date was:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Financial assets for which loss allowance is measured using 12 
months Expected Credit Losses (ECL) (except Trade receivables 
measured using Life time ECL)
Loans (including interest)  2,574.49  2,309.86 
Investments in Mutual Funds  3,371.64  5,173.42 
Cash and cash equivalents (balance in banks)  2,264.11  11,595.88 
Deposits with banks (including interest)  8,859.09  13,015.52 
T rade receivables  2,219.97  494.10 
Security Deposits  7,794.51  9,714.66 
Other Financial Assets  112.00  173.33 
T otal  27,195.81  42,476.77 
 Ageing analysis of trade receivables
 For ageing analysis of the trade receivables, refer note no. 45.
C)  Liquidity risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial 
liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group’s approach to managing liquidity 
is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both 
normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation.
 The Group employs prudent liquidity risk management practices which inter alia means maintaining sufficient cash 
and marketable securities and the availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities. 
Given the nature of the underlying businesses, the corporate finance maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining 
availability under committed credit lines and this way liquidity risk is mitigated by the availability of funds to cover 
future commitments. Cash flow forecasts are prepared not only for the entities but the Group as a whole and the 
utilized borrowing facilities are monitored on a daily basis and there is adequate focus on good management practices 
whereby the collections are managed efficiently. The Group while borrowing funds for large capital project, negotiates 
the repayment schedule in such a manner that these match with the generation of cash on such investment.
 The Group aims to maintain the level of its cash and cash equivalents and other highly marketable debt investments 
at an amount in excess of expected cash flows on financial liabilities. The Group also monitors the level of expected 
cash inflows on trade receivables with the expected cash outflows on trade payables and other financial liabilities.
 
[[PAGE 299]]
294 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
 The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted 
payments.
Particulars Carrying Amount 
March 31, 2025
Upto 1 
year
1-5 years T otal
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Non-Current
Borrowings (Refer Note No. I below)  93.82  -  93.82  93.82 
Lease Liability  9,495.19  -  9,495.19  9,495.19 
Other financial liabilities  344.08  -  344.08  344.08 
Current
T rade payables  3,098.80  3,098.80  -  3,098.80 
Borrowings (Refer Note No. I below)  48.94  48.94  -  48.94 
Lease Liability  592.05  592.05  -  592.05 
Other Financial Liabilities  11,146.84  11,146.84  -  11,146.84 
T otal  24,819.72  14,886.63  9,933.09  24,819.72 
Particulars Carrying Amount 
March 31, 2024
Upto 1 year 1-5 years T otal
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Non-Current
Borrowings (Refer Note No. I below)  81.89  -  81.89  81.89 
Lease Liability  3,829.04  -  
3,829.04 
 3,829.04 
Other financial liabilities  329.65  -  329.65  329.65 
Current
T rade payables  2,354.16  2,354.16  -  2,354.16 
Borrowings (Refer Note No. I below)  36.59  36.59  -  36.59 
Lease Liability  409.02  409.02  -  409.02 
Other Financial Liabilities  10,271.11  10,271.11  -  10,271.11 
T otal  17,311.46  13,070.88 4,240.58  17,311.46 
 Note I: Borrowings
Particulars  As at
March 31, 2025 
 As at
March 31, 2024 
Borrowing (Refer Note No. 17a and 17b)  142.76  118.48 
T otal  142.76  118.48 
42.  CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
 For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity holders of the Group. The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to maximise the 
shareholder value.
 The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and the requirements 
of the financial covenants. The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital plus net 
debt.
[[PAGE 300]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 295 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at March 31, 
2025
As at March 31, 
2024
Borrowings (Non-Current and Current including current maturities) - Refer 
Note No. 17(a) and (b)
 142.76  118.48 
Less: Cash and cash equivalents (including Fixed deposits) - Refer Note No. 
9, 9a and 10
 (10,952.07)  (24,441.46)
Net debts (a)  (10,809.31)  (24,322.98)
Equity share capital - Refer Note No. 15  4,358.93  4,317.08 
Other equity - Refer Note No. 16  31,510.18  44,917.25 
T otal Capital (b)  35,869.11  49,234.33 
Capital and net debt (c = a+b)  25,059.80  24,911.35 
Gearing ratio*（%) (d = a/ c) 0.00% 0.00%
 * Since the Net Debt is Nil, the Computed Gearing Ratio is taken as Nil.
 No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the year ended March 31, 2025.
43. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, AS REQUIRED UNDER SCHEDULE III TO THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013, OF ENTERPRISES 
CONSOLIDATED AS SUBSIDIARY / JOINT VENTURES
A.  For the year ended March 31, 2025
Name of Entity Net Assets i.e. total assets 
minus total liabilities
Share in Profit and loss Share in Other 
comprehensive income 
(OCI)
Share in T otal Comprehensive 
Income
% of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amount % of 
consolidated 
Profit and 
loss
Amount % of 
consolidated 
OCI
Amount % of 
consolidated 
total 
comprehensive 
income
Amount
Max India Limited 
(Parent)
241.10%  86,480.34 2.96%  (415.55) 9.56%  11.61 2.90%  (403.94)
Subsidiaries
(i) Indian
Antara Senior Living 
Limited
66.67%  23,915.66 12.08%  (1,696.21) 40.53%  49.25 11.83%  (1,646.96)
Antara Bangalore 
Senior Living Limited 
**
0.30%  108.42 -0.03%  4.01  -  - -0.03%  4.01 
Max Skill First Limited -3.84%  (1,375.69) 0.01%  (1.90)  -  - 0.01%  (1.90)
Antara Assisted Care 
Services Ltd
24.01%  8,613.16 82.03%  (11,516.14) 29.09%  35.35 82.49%  (11,480.79)
Antara Purukul Senior 
Living Limited*
23.28%  8,349.69 -5.92%  830.45 18.29%  22.22 -6.13%  852.67 
110.43%  39,611.24 88.18%  (12,379.80) 87.91%  106.82 88.18% (12,272.97)
(ii) Foreign
Max UK Limited 0.10%  34.89 0.39%  (54.70) 2.53%  3.08 0.37%  (51.62)
Joint Ventures 
(accounted for using 
equity method)
Contend Builders 
Private Limited*
3.48%  1,248.04 -0.54%  75.49  -  - -0.54%  75.49 
[[PAGE 301]]
296 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Name of Entity Net Assets i.e. total assets 
minus total liabilities
Share in Profit and loss Share in Other 
comprehensive income 
(OCI)
Share in T otal Comprehensive 
Income
% of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amount % of 
consolidated 
Profit and 
loss
Amount % of 
consolidated 
OCI
Amount % of 
consolidated 
total 
comprehensive 
income
Amount
3.48%  1,248.04 -0.54%  75.49  -  - -0.54%  75.49 
Eliminations/ 
Adjustments
-255.11%  (91,505.41) 0.03%  (4.65)  -  - 0.03%  (4.65)
Exceptional items  -  - 8.97%  (1,260.00)  -  - 9.05%  (1,260.00)
T otal 100.00%  35,869.11 100.00%  (14,039.20) 100.00% 121.51 100.00%  (13,917.68)
 * Held through Antara Senior Living Limited
 ** The entity (earlier known as Max Ateev Limited) was wholly owned subsidiary of Max India Limited till 31st May, 2024 
and same is held through Antara Senior Living Limited w.e.f. 1st June, 2024.
B.  For the year ended March 31, 2024
Name of Entity Net Assets i.e. total assets 
minus total liabilities
Share in Profit and loss Share in Other 
comprehensive income (OCI)
Share in T otal Comprehensive 
Income
% of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amount % of 
consolidated 
Profit and loss
Amount % of 
consolidated 
OCI
Amount % of 
consolidated 
total 
comprehensive 
income
Amount
Max India Limited 
(Parent)
175.48%  86,398.62 -2.20%  123.90 47.01%  (7.86) -2.05%  116.04 
Subsidiaries
(i) Indian
Antara Senior Living 
Limited
50.90%  25,062.11 38.38%  (2,163.65) 104.43%  (17.46) 38.57%  (2,181.11)
Antara Bangalore Senior 
Living Limited ***
0.21%  104.41 -1.39%  78.11  -  - -1.38%  78.11 
Max Skill First Limited -2.79%  (1,373.79) -0.01%  0.82  -  - -0.01%  0.82 
Antara Assisted Care 
Services Ltd
8.40%  4,137.15 111.81%  (6,303.26) 0.66%  (0.11) 111.48%  (6,303.37)
Antara Purukul Senior 
Living Limited*
15.19%  7,479.26 -42.06%  2,371.29 -29.31%  4.90 -42.02%  2,376.19 
71.92%  35,409.13 106.72%  (6,016.69) 75.78%  (12.67) 106.63%  (6,029.36)
(ii) Foreign
Max UK Limited 0.18%  86.54 0.89%  (50.45) -22.79%  3.81 0.82%  (46.64)
Joint Ventures 
(accounted for using 
equity method)
[[PAGE 302]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 297 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
Name of Entity Net Assets i.e. total assets 
minus total liabilities
Share in Profit and loss Share in Other 
comprehensive income (OCI)
Share in T otal Comprehensive 
Income
% of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amount % of 
consolidated 
Profit and loss
Amount % of 
consolidated 
OCI
Amount % of 
consolidated 
total 
comprehensive 
income
Amount
Forum I Aviation Private 
Limited**
 -  - 0.21%  (12.11)  -  - 0.21%  (12.11)
Contend Builders Private 
Limited*
2.38%  1,172.54 -2.14%  120.44  -  - -2.13%  120.44 
2.38%  1,172.54 -1.92%  108.33  -  - -1.92%  108.33 
Eliminations/ 
Adjustments
-149.96% 73,832.50) -3.47%  195.63  -  - -3.46%  195.63 
Exceptional items  -  - -0.03%  1.63  -  - -0.03%  1.63 
T otal 100.00%  49,234.33 100.00%  (5,637.65) 100.00%  (16.72) 100.00% (5,654.37)
 * Held through Antara Senior Living Limited
 ** Held through Max Ateev Limited. The entity was a Joint Venture of Max Ateev Limited and same was classified as non-
current asset held for sale from the quarter ended September 30, 2023 and accordingly application of equity method was 
discontinued from the quarter ended 31st December, 2023 (Refer Note No. 48 for details). The said entity ceases to be 
Joint Venture as on March 31, 2024.
 *** The entity (earlier known as Max Ateev Limited) was wholly owned subsidiary of Max India Limited till 31st May, 2024 
and same is held through Antara Senior Living Limited w.e.f. 1st June, 2024.
44.  TRADE PAYABLES
 Ageing as on 31.03.2025
Particulars  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment 
 Less than 1 
year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years 
 T otal 
(i) MSME  259.33  -  -  -  259.33 
(ii) Others  2,824.86  9.08  2.69  2.84  2,839.47 
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv)Disputed dues – Others  -  -  -  -  - 
T otal  3,084.19  9.08  2.69  2.84  3,098.80 
 Trade payables
 Ageing as on 31.03.2024
Particulars  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment 
 Less than 
1 year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years 
 T otal 
(i) MSME  325.82  0.16  2.58  1.41  329.97 
(ii) Others  2,014.42  4.19  1.95  3.63  2,024.19 
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv)Disputed dues – Others  -  -  -  -  - 
T otal  2,340.24  4.35  4.53  5.04  2,354.16 
[[PAGE 303]]
298 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
45.  TRADE RECEIVABLES AGEING SCHEDULE
 Ageing as on 31.03.2025
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
 Less than 
6 months 
 6 months - 
1 year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years 
 T otal 
(i) Undisputed T rade receivables – 
considered good
 2,156.59  31.95  7.96  4.35  19.12  2,219.97 
(ii) Undisputed T rade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
 -  2.60  1.65  0.30  -  4.55 
(iii) Undisputed T rade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv) Disputed T rade Receivables–
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(v) Disputed T rade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(vi) Disputed T rade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
Less: Provision for expected credit loss  -  (2.60)  (1.65)  (0.30)  -  (4.55)
T otal  2,156.59  31.95  7.96  4.35  19.12  2,219.97 
 Trade Receivables aging schedule
 Ageing as on 31.03.2024
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
 Less than 
6 months 
 6 months - 
1 year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years 
 T otal 
(i) Undisputed T rade receivables – 
considered good
 438.42  11.71  11.89  10.49  21.60  494.10 
(ii) Undisputed T rade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
 -  0.30  0.30  3.97  -  4.57 
(iii) Undisputed T rade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv) Disputed T rade Receivables–
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(v) Disputed T rade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(vi) Disputed T rade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
Less: Provision for expected credit loss  -  (0.30)  (0.30)  (3.97)  -  (4.57)
T otal  438.42  11.71  11.89  10.49  21.60  494.10 
46.  TRANSACTIONS WITH THE COMPANIES STRUCK OFF UNDER SECTION 248 OF COMPANIES ACT, 2013 OR SECTION 
560 OF COMPANIES ACT, 1956. DETAILS ARE AS BELOW:
Name of struck off company Nature of 
transactions 
with struck-
off Company
Relationship 
with the 
Struck off 
company, if 
any, to be 
disclosed
Balance 
outstanding 
as at current 
period FY 
2023-24
Balance 
outstanding 
as at 
previous 
period FY 
2022-23
NIL
[[PAGE 304]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 299 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
47a. ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION
i)  The title deeds of immovable properties (other than immovable properties where the Group is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the Group) disclosed in the financial statements included in property, plant and 
equipment are held in the name of the Group as at the balance sheet date.
ii)  The Group does not have any benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the Group for 
holding any benami property.
iii)  The Group has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
iv)  The Group has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
(a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the company (ultimate beneficiaries) or
(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries
v)  The Group has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (funding party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
(a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or
(b)  provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
vi)  The Group has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
vii)  The Group is not declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financials institution or lender during the year.
viii) The Group has not created any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
ix) Quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Group with banks or financial institutions, if any; are in 
agreement with the books of accounts.
x)  The Group has used the borrowings from banks and Financial institutions for the specific purpose for which it was obtained.
xi)  The Group has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right-of-Use Assets) during the year.
xii) The Group does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered 
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income T ax Act, 1961. (such as, search or survey 
or any other relevant provisions of the Income T ax Act, 1961).
47b. Others
i)  The Group has not entered into any derivative instrument during the period. The Group does not have any foreign currency 
exposures towards receivables, payables or any other derivative instrument that have not been hedged.
ii)  In respect of amounts as mentioned under Section 125 of the Companies Act, 2013, there were no dues required to be 
credited to the Investor Education and Protection Fund as at March 31, 2025.
iii)  In the opinion of the Board of Directors, all current assets and long term loans & advances, appearing in the balance 
sheet as at 31 March 2025 have a value on realization, in the ordinary course of the Company’s business, at least equal to 
the amount at which they are stated in the financial statements. In the opinion of the board of directors, no provision is 
required to be made against the recoverability of these balances.
iv)  No dividend has been declared or paid by the Group.
[[PAGE 305]]
300 | Annual Report 2024-25
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in INR lakhs unless otherwise stated)
48 EXCEPTIONAL ITEM
 For Financial Y ear 2024-25:
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2024, Antara Assisted Care Services Limited (“AACSL”), a material subsidiary of 
the Company, entered into an agreement with family members of a deceased resident in the fire incident which occurred 
on January 1, 2023 at one of its care home. As per the agreement, it was agreed to pay Rs. 12 Crores to the affected family 
members as a gesture of goodwill.
 Further, to honor the memory of deceased resident(s), AACSL also agreed to make / arrange for donations to certain charitable 
organizations over the period FY 2024-25 to FY 2026-27 and has made donations of Rs. 0.60 Crores till date of these results. 
These payments have been recorded as an “Exceptional Item”.
 For Financial Y ear 2023-24:
 On September 29, 2023, the Board of Directors of Antara Bangalore Senior Living Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company had approved to divest its entire 20% equity stake in ‘Forum I Aviation Private Limited’, a joint venture. The aforesaid 
sale was finally executed in the quarter ended March 31, 2024 for an aggregate consideration of Rs 8.04 Crores. The resultant 
gain on the said transaction has been shown under “Exceptional Items”.
49 The Rights Issue Committee of the Board of Directors of Max India Limited (“the Company”), at its meeting held on May 
23,2025, approved the allotment of 82,81,973 equity shares of face value Rs.10/-each at an issue price of Rs.150/-per share, 
including a premium of Rs.140/-per share, aggregating Rs.124.23 crores, on a rights basis, pursuant to the terms and conditions 
specified in the Letter of Offer dated April 25, 2025.
 Rs. 124.23 crores towards the above subscribed shares by eligible shareholders has been fully received by the Company in the 
month of May 2025.
As per our report of even date
For Ravi Rajan & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 009073N/N500320
UDIN: 25514254BMLLRD8771
For and on the behalf of Max India Limited
Ravi Gujral
Partner
Membership No.: 514254
Rajit Mehta
(Managing Director)
DIN No - 01604819
Place: Gurugram
Niten Malhan
(Director)
DIN No - 00614624
Place : London, UK
Sandeep Pathak
(Chief Financial Officer)
PAN - AKYPP9914E
Place: Gurugram
Trapti
(Company Secretary)
PAN - APZPT2740L
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 30, 2025 Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 306]]
Annual Report 2024-25 | 81 
STRATEGIC REVIEW
CORPORATE REVIEW
FINANCIAL REVIEW
[[PAGE 307]]

[[PAGE 308]]
NOTICE OF 6TH
ANNUAL GENERAL 
MEETING
[[PAGE 309]]
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
NOTICE is hereby given that the 6 th Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”) of Max India Limited (‘the Company’) will be held on 
Wednesday, September 3, 2025 at 14:30 Hrs. (IST) through 
Video Conferencing (“VC ”) / Other Audio Visual Means 
(“OAVM”) to transact the following business(es):
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. T o receive, consider and adopt the audited standalone 
financial statements of the Company together with the 
Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon 
and the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Company including the Report of the Auditors thereon for 
the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
2. T o appoint Mr. Mohit T alwar (DIN: 02394694), who 
retires by rotation and being eligible offers himself for re-
appointment, as a Director.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
3. Approval of payment of compensation to Mr. Analjit 
Singh (DIN: 00029641), Non- Executive Chairman of the 
Company for the Financial Y ear 2025-26.
T o consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
197, 198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder 
(hereinafter referred to as the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V 
of the Act and Regulation 17(6)(ca) and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (including any amendments, statutory 
modification(s) and/ or re-enactment thereof for the 
time being in force) (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and 
on recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as “the Board”) and such other 
MAX INDIA LIMITED
(CIN: L74999MH2019PLC320039)
Registered Office: 167, Floor 1, Plot-167A, Ready Money Mansion, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli Mumbai - 400018
Corporate Office: Landmark House, 3rd Floor, Plot No. 65, Sector–44, Gurugram – 122 003, Haryana 
T el: +91- 124-6984444 | Website: www.maxindia.com | E-mail: corpsecretarial@maxindia.com
approvals, consents, permissions and sanctions as may be 
required or necessary, the approval of the members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded for payment of annual 
gross compensation of Rs.3,00,00,000/- (Rupees Three 
Crore Only) (Other than sitting fees and reimbursement of 
expenses payable for attending meetings of the Company) 
for the Financial Y ear commencing from April 1, 2025 and 
ending on March 31, 2026 and which will be in excess of 
fifty percent of the total annual remuneration payable to 
all the Non-Executive Directors of the Company for said 
Financial Y ear to Mr. Analjit Singh (DIN: 00029641), 
Non-Executive Chairman of the Company and that the 
compensation shall be payable in such manner as the 
Board and/ or a Committee thereof, may determine from 
time to time.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby 
authorized, on behalf of the Company, to do and perform 
or cause to be done in relation to resolution above, all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things and to take all incidental 
and necessary steps or to do all such acts, and take all 
such steps as may be considered necessary or expedient 
to give effect to the aforesaid resolution and to do and 
perform or cause to be done all such acts, deeds, matters 
and things, as may be required or deemed necessary or 
incidental thereto, and to settle and finalise all issues, 
questions or difficulties that may arise in this regard, 
and delegate all or any of the powers herein conferred to 
any officer(s)/ authority(ies)/ person(s) of the Company, 
without further referring to the Board of directors or 
Members of the Company, including without limitation, 
making such submissions and filings as may be required to 
seek the requisite approvals, consents and permissions as 
may be applicable and other papers as may be required or 
necessary in connection with the above resolution, at their 
own discretion and in the best interest of the Company.”
4. Amendment in Max India Limited - Employee Stock 
Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP Plan”) of the Company.
2 

[[PAGE 310]]
T o consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT in  partial modification to the earlier 
resolution passed in this regard by the shareholders of 
the Company on December 28, 2020 and pursuant to 
the provisions of Section 62(1)(b) and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
the rules made thereunder, the provisions of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI 
SBEB Regulations”), Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, 
for the time being in force), the relevant provisions of the 
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company 
and other applicable rules, regulations and circulars / 
guidelines in force, from time to time and subject further 
to such other approval(s), permission(s) and sanction(s) 
of any authority(ies) as may be necessary and subject to 
any such condition(s) and/ or modification(s), if any, as 
may be prescribed or imposed by such authority(ies) while 
granting such approval(s), permission(s) and sanction(s) 
and which may be agreed to and accepted by the Board 
of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as 
the “Board”, which term shall be deemed to include any 
Committee, including the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, which the Board has constituted or may 
hereafter constitute to act as the “Compensation 
Committee” under the SEBI SBEB Regulations, to exercise 
its powers including the powers conferred by this 
Resolution), approval of the members of the Company be 
and is hereby accorded for amendment in the Employee 
Stock Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP Plan”) and adopting an 
amended and restated ESOP Plan and grant of options to 
the eligible employees and Directors of the Company and 
its subsidiary companies in India and abroad (as permitted 
under the applicable laws), as detailed in the explanatory 
statement annexed to this notice of meeting.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all other terms and 
conditions of the original ESOP Plan, as amended, and all 
subsisting consents, authorizations and approvals granted 
from time to time, including resolutions passed by the 
members and/ or the Board with regard to implementation 
and administration of the ESOP Plan, remain unchanged 
and continue to be in force.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to modify, change, vary, alter, amend, 
suspend or terminate the ESOP Plan from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the applicable laws, rules and 
regulations, and also to settle any issue(s), question(s), 
difficulty(ies) or doubt(s) that may arise in this regard 
and further to execute all such documents, writings and 
to give such directions and/ or instructions as may be 
necessary or expedient to give effect to such modification, 
change, variation, alteration, amendment, suspension or 
termination of the ESOP Plan and to do all other things 
incidental and ancillary thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving 
effect to the foregoing resolution, the Board of Directors 
of the Company be and is hereby authorised to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered 
necessary or expedient in this regard.”
5. Re-appointment of Mr. Rajit Mehta (DIN:01604819) as 
Managing Director of the Company.
T o consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time 
being in force) read with the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, as amended 
from time to time and pursuant to the recommendations 
of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and the 
Board of Directors of the Company, Mr. Rajit Mehta (DIN: 
01604819), in respect of whom the Company has received 
a notice in writing under Section 160(1) of the Act from 
a Member signifying his intention to propose Mr. Rajit 
Mehta’s candidature for the office of Director, be and is 
hereby appointed as a Director, liable to retire by rotation, 
with effect from January 15, 2026 to January 14, 2031.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in accordance with 
the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198, 203 read 
with Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Schedule V 
and other applicable provisions of the Act, basis the 
recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and Board of the Company, the approval of the 
Shareholders of the Company be and is hereby accorded 
for re-appointment of Mr. Rajit Mehta (DIN: 01604819) 
as the Managing Director of the Company effective 
from January 15, 2026 to January 14, 2031 and that the 
remuneration payable to Mr. Rajit Mehta for a period 
of three years i.e. from January 15, 2026 until January 
 3 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 311]]
14, 2029 shall not exceed 5% of the Net profits of the 
Company per annum computed in the manner laid down 
under section 198 of the Act or Rs. 6.5 Crore (Rupees Six 
Crore and fifty lakhs only) per annum, whichever is higher, 
to be paid in the manner as set out hereunder:
(i) Salary including Basic, House Rent Allowance/
Company owned or leased Accommodation, Retirals 
like Provident Fund and Gratuity, perquisites and 
allowances viz., leave travel allowance, car lease 
rentals, fuel reimbursements, vehicle maintenance, 
driving services, children education allowance, 
management allowance and medical reimbursements 
for a period of three years from January 15, 2026 to 
January 14, 2029, with the authority to the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee to determine and 
regulate the remuneration within aforesaid limit, from 
time to time; and
(ii) Variable compensation/ performance incentive not 
exceeding 81.25% of Fixed Pay with the authority 
to the Board of Directors to determine and pay 
the variable compensation within aforesaid limit 
(the applicable Grid being; G1-65%, G2-48.75%,  
G3-32.5%,G4-16.25%, G5-0%). 
In addition to the remuneration and perquisites to be 
paid as aforesaid, Mr. Rajit Mehta shall be entitled to 
encashment of leave, travel insurance, club membership 
and any other perquisite/ benefits as per the policy/ rules/ 
plans of the Company in force and/ or as may be approved 
by the Board/Committee, from time to time and that 
Mr. Rajit Mehta will also be eligible to participate in long 
term incentive plan or any other employee incentive plan, 
including ESOPs of the Company as may be introduced by 
the Company from time to time and as may be approved 
by the Board (which includes its Committees) from time 
to time.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company or Mr. Rajit 
Mehta shall be entitled at any time to terminate this 
appointment by giving three months written notice or 
payment of fixed pay in lieu thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of T ermination 
without a ‘Cause’, Mr. Rajit Mehta shall be entitled to 
Severance compensation equal to T otal Employment Cost 
(TEC) for the remaining tenure of service. The TEC for 
this purpose shall include the following: viz., Last drawn 
Fixed Pay and Variable Pay at the rating of G2 as per the 
applicable Bonus Grid.”
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT if the termination is for 
a ‘Cause’, (e.g., in case of misappropriation, fraud, 
misconduct, gross negligence etc.,) or in case of voluntary 
separation/ resignation, the above mentioned severance 
package will not be applicable.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company and/ or its Committee thereof, be and is hereby 
authorized to regulate the payment of remuneration to 
Mr. Rajit Mehta, Managing Director within the aforesaid 
limits of Rs. 6.5 Crores per annum during his tenure with 
the Company, for the aforesaid periods, from time to time.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Rajit Mehta be and is 
hereby authorized to exercise such powers of management 
as may be delegated to him by the Board of Directors of 
the Company, from time to time, subject however, to the 
overall superintendence, control and direction of the Board 
of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the 
Company be and is hereby severally authorized to do all 
such acts, deed and things necessary to bring into effect 
the above resolution.”
6. Appointment of M/s. Sanjay Grover & Associates, 
Practicing Company Secretaries as Secretarial Auditors 
of the Company and fix their remuneration.
T o consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 
24A & other applicable provisions of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) read with Circulars issued thereunder 
from time to time and Section 204 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, if any read with 
Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (“the Act”), 
M/ s Sanjay Grover & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries (Firm Registration Number P2001DE052900) 
be and is hereby appointed as Secretarial Auditors of the 
Company for a period of 5 consecutive years, from April 
1, 2025 to March 31, 2030 (“the T erm”), on such terms & 
conditions, including remuneration as may be determined 
by the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as the 
‘Board’ which expression shall include any Committee 
thereof or person(s) authorized by the Board).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT approval of the Members is 
4 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 312]]
hereby accorded to the Board to avail or obtain from the 
Secretarial Auditor, such other services or certificates 
or reports which the Secretarial Auditor may be eligible 
to provide or issue under the applicable laws at a 
remuneration to be determined by the Board.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient 
to give effect to this resolution and for matters connected 
therewith or incidental thereto.”
7. Re-appointment of Mr. Niten Malhan (DIN: 00614624), 
as an Independent Director of the Company.
T o consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
read with Schedule IV to the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the 
Act’), the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications 
of Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 17 and any other 
applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), [including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force] and the Articles of 
Association of the Company, Mr. Niten Malhan (DIN: 
00614624), who was appointed as an Independent 
Director of the Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive 
years commencing from February 1, 2021 to January 31, 
2026 (both days inclusive) and who being eligible for  
re-appointment as an Independent Director has given his 
consent along with a declaration that he meets the criteria 
for independence under Section 149(6) of the Act and 
the rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a Notice in writing from a Member 
under Section 160(1) of the Act proposing his candidature 
for the office of Director and based on the recommendation 
of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and the 
Board of Directors of the Company, be and is hereby re-
appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, not 
liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a second term 
of 5 (five) consecutive years on the Board of the Company 
commencing from February 1, 2026 upto January 31, 2031 
(both days inclusive).”
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of 
the Company (including its Committee thereof) be and 
are hereby severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, 
matters, and things as may be necessary, expedient, and 
desirable for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution.”
8. Issuance of Convertible Warrants on Preferential Basis 
and matters related therewith.
 T o consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 23, 62, 42 and 
all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“Act ”), read with the Companies (Prospectus 
and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, 
each as amended, the provisions of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the “ICDR 
Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listing Regulations”), 
the applicable provisions of the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999, including any amendment(s), 
statutory modification(s), variation(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof, the extant consolidated Foreign Direct Investment 
Policy, as amended and replaced from time to time and the 
Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) 
Rules, 2019, as amended, and any other applicable 
laws, rules and regulations, circulars, notifications, 
clarifications, guidelines issued by the Government of 
India, the Securities Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and 
the stock exchanges where the shares of the Company 
are listed (“Stock Exchanges”), or any other authority / 
body (including any amendment thereto or re-enactment 
thereof) and enabling provisions in the Memorandum 
of Association and Articles of Association of the 
Company, and subject to necessary approvals, sanctions, 
permissions of appropriate statutory / regulatory and / or 
other authorities and persons, if applicable, and subject to 
such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed 
by any of them while granting such approvals / sanctions 
/ permissions and / or consents, if any, and which may 
be agreed by the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which term shall 
be deemed to mean and include any committee(s), 
which the Board has constituted or may constitute to 
exercise its powers, including the powers conferred on 
the Board by this resolution), consent of the members 
of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board, 
to create, offer, issue and allot 37,03,000 (Thirty Seven 
Lakh Three Thousand Only) warrants, each exercisable 
into / convertible for, 1 (one) fully paid up equity share of 
 5 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 313]]
the Company of face value of `10/- (Rupees T en) each 
(“Warrants”) at a price of ` 217 /- (Rupees T wo Hundred 
and Seventeen only) each payable in cash (“Issue Price”), 
aggregating up to `80,35,51,000  (Rupees Eighty Crores 
Thirty Five Lakhs Fifty One Thousand only), which may be 
exercised in one single tranche within a period of 9 (nine) 
months from the date of issue and allotment of Warrants, 
unless mutually extended by the Company and the 
Warrants holder for a maximum period upto 18 (eighteen) 
months from the date of allotment of the Warrants, on 
such terms and conditions as set out herein and in the 
agreement deed, other documents, subject to applicable 
laws and regulations, including the provisions of Chapter 
V of the ICDR Regulations and the Act, as the Board may 
determine (the “Preferential Issue”) to the following 
promoter and non-promoter (“Proposed Allottees”):
Sr. 
No.
Names of the Proposed
Allottees
Category of
proposed Allottees
Number of
Warrants
Amount (in `)
1 Max Ventures Investment 
Holdings Pvt Ltd
Bodies Corporate 
(Promoter)
10,14,000 22,00,38,000
2 Singularity Equity Fund I Alternate Investment Fund
(Non-Promoter)
23,05,000 50,01,85,000
3 Paulastya Sachdev Individual
(Non-Promoter)
50,000 1,08,50,000
4 P&Y Capital T rust T rust 
(Non-Promoter)
1,84,000 3,99,28,000
5 Reetha Shetty Individual 
(Non-Promoter)
50,000 1,08,50,000
6 ANG Corporate Services Private 
Limited
Bodies Corporate
(Non-Promoter)
50,000 1,08,50,000
7 Kantilal Babulal Oswal Individual (Non-Promoter) 50,000 1,08,50,000
T otal 37,03,000 80,35,51,000
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as per the ICDR Regulations 
the “Relevant Date” for the purpose of determining of the 
floor price for the issue and allotment of the Warrants shall 
be Monday, August 4, 2025, being the date, 30 (Thirty) 
days prior to the date of the Annual General Meeting, 
September 03, 2025.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the 
generality of the above, the issue of Warrants shall be 
subject to the following terms and conditions:
 y The Warrant holders shall, subject to the ICDR 
Regulations and other applicable rules, regulations 
and laws, be entitled to exercise the Warrants 
within a period of 9 (nine) months from the date of 
allotment of Warrants, unless mutually extended 
by the Company and the Warrants holder for 
a maximum period up to 18 (eighteen) months 
from the date of allotment of Warrants, subject to 
requisite approvals;
 y In the event that a Warrant holder does not exercise 
the Warrants prior to the expiry of the said period 
of 9 (nine) months (unless mutually extended), the 
unexercised Warrants shall lapse and the amount 
paid by that Warrant holder on such Warrants shall 
stand forfeited by the Company; 
 y Minimum amount of Rs.108.5 (Rupees One Hundred 
Eight and Fifty Paise Only), which is equivalent to 
50% (fifty percent) of the Issue Price shall be paid 
at the time of subscription and allotment of each 
Warrant. The warrant holder will be required to make 
further payment of Rs. 108.5 (Rupees One Hundred 
Eight and Fifty Paise Only) for each Warrant, which 
is equivalent to 50% (fifty percent) of the Issue 
Price at the time of allotment of the Equity Shares 
pursuant to exercise of the right attached to Warrant 
to subscribe to Equity Shares;
 y The price to be determined and the number of Equity 
Shares to be allotted on exercise of the Warrants 
shall be subject to appropriate adjustments as 
per applicable provision of Chapter V of the ICDR 
Regulations;
 y Apart from the said right of adjustment mentioned 
in preceding para, the Warrants by themselves, until 
exercise of the conversion option and allotment 
of Equity Shares, do not give the Warrant holder 
thereof any rights akin to that of shareholder(s) of 
the Company;
 y The Company shall procure the listing and trading 
6 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 314]]
approvals for the Equity Shares to be issued and 
allotted to the Warrant holders upon exercise of 
the Warrants from the relevant Stock Exchanges in 
accordance with the Listing Regulations and all other 
applicable laws, rules and regulations;
 y The Equity Shares so allotted on exercise of the 
Warrants shall be in dematerialized form and shall 
be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum 
and Articles of Association of the Company and shall 
rank pari-passu in all respects including dividend, 
with the then existing Equity Shares of the Company; 
 y The Warrants allotted in terms of this resolution and 
the resultant equity shares arising on exercise of 
rights attached to such Warrants shall be subject to 
lock-in as specified in the provisions of Chapter V of 
the ICDR Regulations; and
 y The pre-preferential allotment shareholding of the 
Proposed Allottees, if any, in the Company shall be 
subject to lock in as specified in the provisions of 
Chapter V of the ICDR Regulations.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT subject to the receipt of such 
approvals as may be required under applicable law, consent 
of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded 
to authorise the Board to record the name and details of 
the Proposed Allottee in Form PAS-5 and make an offer 
to the Proposed Allottee through Private Placement Offer 
Letter cum application letter in Form PAS-4 or such other 
form as prescribed under the Act and ICDR Regulations 
containing the terms and conditions.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters, and things 
as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or 
desirable to give effect to the above resolutions, including, 
without limitation, to issue and allot Equity Shares upon 
exercise of the Warrants; to issue certificates/ clarifications 
on the issue and allotment of Warrants and thereafter 
Equity Shares pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants; 
effecting any modifications to the foregoing (including 
determining, varying, modifying, or altering any of the 
terms and conditions of the Warrants, including deciding 
the size and timing of tranche of the Warrants); signing, 
executing, and entering into contracts, arrangements, 
agreements, memoranda, deeds, and documents to give 
effect to the resolutions above (including appointing 
agencies, consultants, intermediaries, and advisors for 
managing the issuance of Warrants and the listing and 
trading of Equity Shares issued upon exercise of Warrants, 
and to represent the Company before any governmental 
or regulatory authorities); including making applications to 
Stock Exchanges for obtaining in-principle approval, filing 
requisite documents with the Registrar of Companies, 
National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL), Central 
Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL), and/ or such 
other authorities as may be necessary for the purpose; 
seeking approvals from lenders (where applicable); 
taking all steps as may be necessary for the admission 
of the Warrants and Equity Shares (to be issued upon 
exercise of the Warrants) with the depositories, viz. 
NSDL and CDSL, and for the credit of such Warrants to 
the respective dematerialized securities account of the 
Proposed Allottees; and to delegate all or any of the powers 
conferred by the aforesaid resolutions to any committee of 
directors or any director(s) or officer(s) of the Company 
and to revoke and substitute such delegation from time to 
time, as deemed fit by the Board, to give effect to the above 
resolutions; and also to initiate all necessary actions for, 
and to settle all questions, difficulties, disputes, or doubts 
whatsoever that may arise, including, without limitation, 
in connection with the issue and utilization of proceeds 
thereof, and take all steps and decisions in this regard.”
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the 
Board or committee(s) duly constituted for this purpose in 
connection with any matter(s) referred to or contemplated 
in the foregoing resolution be and are hereby approved, 
ratified and confirmed in all respects.”
9. Shifting of the Registered Office of the Company.
T o consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution with or without modification(s), as Special 
Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
12, 13 and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with the Companies (lncorporation) Rules, 
2014 and other applicable laws (including any statutory 
modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being 
in force), and subject to the approval of the Central 
Government (powers are delegated to the Regional 
Director), Ministry of Corporate Affairs and/ or such other 
regulatory authorities, consent of Members be and is 
hereby accorded for shifting of the Registered Office of 
the Company from “State of Maharashtra” to “National 
Capital T erritory (NCT) of Delhi”.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT upon shifting of the 
registered office being effective, the existing Clause II of 
the Memorandum of Association of the Company be and 
is hereby substituted with the following new Clause II: 
 7 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 315]]
“(II) The Registered Office of the Company will be 
situated in the National Capital T erritory (NCT) of 
Delhi.”
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be 
and are hereby authorised to finalize the address of the 
Registered Office of the Company at such place, it may 
consider appropriate, in National Capital T erritory (NCT) 
of Delhi.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of the Directors 
of the Company be and are hereby authorized to 
execute, verify, sign, affirm, make affidavits and/ or file 
the applications, petitions, power of attorneys and other 
statements forming part of the application/ petition on 
behalf of the Company before the Central Government 
(powers are delegated to the Regional Director) under 
Section 13(4) and all other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and other related deeds and 
documents with such authorities as may be necessary and 
to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be deemed 
necessary including but not limited to Publication of Notice 
in Newspaper(s), to fix the cut-off date to finalize the list 
of creditors, to serve individual notices to creditors and/ 
or such other regulatory authority(ies) and to take such 
further actions and steps as may be deemed necessary in 
this regard for shifting of the Company’s Registered office 
from the from “State of Maharashtra” to “National Capital 
T erritory (NCT) of Delhi” and to engage professionals, 
consultants, lawyers or any other expert, as may be 
required, to appear and represent the Company in the 
matter of application/ petition to be filed for the proposed 
alteration of the situation or the registered office Clause of 
the Memorandum of Association of the Company.”
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors of 
the Company are authorized to delegate the aforesaid 
powers to the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company  
and/ or advisors, consultants and to act, appear for and 
defend all actions and proceedings for and on behalf of the 
Company in the matter of the application to be filed before 
the Regional Director, Western Region, the Registrar 
of Companies and such other authorities as may be 
necessary and to do and/ or caused to be done, to execute 
and/ or caused to be executed all such acts, deeds and 
things incidental thereto to give effect to the shifting of 
registered office of the Company as mentioned above.
10 Material related party transaction(s) between Antara 
Senior Living Limited and Contend Builders Private 
Limited: 
 T o consider and, if thought fit, to pass, the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the approval granted 
by the members earlier vide their resolution dated 
March  29, 2025 and pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zc), 
23(4) and other applicable regulations of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) 
read with the relevant rules framed thereunder (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof 
for the time being in force) and other applicable laws/ 
statutory provisions, if any, and the Company’s Policy on 
Related Party T ransactions and pursuant to the approval 
of Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the 
Company, with an anticipation of the increase in the 
overall project cost and amendment in the source of 
financing for the aforesaid Related Party T ransaction, the 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to amend the material related party contract(s)/ 
arrangement(s)/transaction(s) (whether by way of an 
individual transaction or transactions taken together or 
series of transactions or otherwise) for Financial Y ear 
2025-26 between two related parties of Max India Limited 
(‘Company’) i.e. Antara Senior Living Limited (ASLL), a 
Wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company and Contend 
Builders Private Limited (CBPL), an Associate Company of 
ASLL, on material terms and conditions as set out in the 
explanatory Statement to this resolution.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (which includes any Committee of the Board) be 
and are hereby authorized to do all necessary acts, deeds, 
things and execute all such documents, undertaking as 
may be necessary in this regard from time to time to give 
effect to the above resolution.”
By Order of the Board
For Max India Limited
Place: Gurugram 
Date: August 05, 2025
Trapti
Company Secretary
 Membership No.: A34747Regd. Office: 167, Floor 1, Plot-
167A, Ready Money Mansion, 
Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli 
Mumbai- 400018
8 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 316]]
NOTES
1. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with the 
relevant Rules made thereunder setting out material facts 
concerning the business under item nos. 3-10 forms part 
of this Notice. 
 Information pursuant to the Secretarial Standards and 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations”), for items 
is attached as Annexure to this notice.
2. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA ”) has vide its 
General Circular Nos. 14/ 2020, 17 / 2020, 20/ 2020, 02/ 
2021, 21/ 2021,10/ 2022 and 09/2023 dated April 8, 2020, 
April 13, 2020, May 5, 2020, January 13, 2021, December 
14, 2021, December 28, 2022 and the latest being 
09/2023 dated September 25, 2023 respectively (“MCA 
Circulars”) and Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(‘SEBI’), vide its Circulars dated May 12, 2020, January 
15, 2021, May 13, 2022, January 5, 2023 and October 7, 
2023 (‘SEBI Circulars’) and other applicable circulars 
issued in this regard, has permitted the holding of AGM 
through Video Conferencing/ Other Audio Visual Means 
(“VC/ OAVM”) facility without the physical presence of 
the Members at a common venue. In compliance with 
the provisions of the Act, SEBI Listing Regulations and 
MCA Circulars, the 6th AGM of the Company is being held 
through VC/OAVM without the physical presence of the 
Members at a venue. The deemed venue for the 6 th AGM 
(“AGM”) shall be the Registered Office of the Company i.e. 
167, Floor 1, Plot-167A, Ready Money Mansion, Dr. Annie 
Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai, Maharashtra-400018
3. The Company has appointed National Securities 
Depository Limited (“NSDL”), to provide the VC/OAVM 
facility for conducting the AGM and for voting through 
remote e-voting or through e-voting at the AGM. The 
procedure for participating in the meeting through VC/ 
OAVM is explained in these notes.
4. In terms of MCA/SEBI Circulars since the requirement 
of physical attendance of Members has been dispensed 
with, there is no requirement for appointment of proxies. 
Accordingly facility to appointment of proxies by Members 
under Section 105 of the Act to attend and cast vote for 
the members is not available for this AGM and Attendance 
Slip and Route Map are not annexed to this Notice.
5. Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 112 and 113 of 
the Act, the Body Corporates are entitled to appoint 
authorised representatives to attend the AGM through 
VC/OAVM and participate thereat and cast their votes 
through e-voting. They are required to send a scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG format) of their respective Board or governing 
body Resolution, Authorization, etc., authorizing their 
representative to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM on 
their behalf and to vote through remote e-Voting. The said 
Resolution / Authorization shall be sent to the Scrutinizer 
by e-mail to contact@cssanjaygrover.in with a copy 
marked to evoting@nsdl.com. The Body Corporate can 
also upload their Board Resolution/Power of Attorney/
Authority Letter, by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution/
Authority letter”, etc. displayed under ‘e-Voting’ tab in 
their Login.
6. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM 
mode 30 minutes before the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure 
mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at 
the AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 
1000 members on first come first served basis. This will 
not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% 
or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Auditors etc. who 
are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on 
account of first come first served basis.
7. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM 
through VC / OAVM will be counted for the purpose of 
reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.
8. The recorded transcript of this meeting, shall as soon as 
possible, be made available on the website of the Company 
viz. https:/ /www.maxindia.com. 
9. Pursuant to MCA/SEBI Circulars, the Annual Report for the 
financial year 2024-25 along with Notice of the 6th Annual 
General Meeting (“AGM Notice”) of the Company are 
being sent in electronic mode to Members whose e-mail 
address(s) registered with the Company or the Depository 
Participant(s).
 Those Members, who have not yet registered their email 
addresses and consequently, have not received the Notice 
and the Annual Report, are requested to get their email 
addresses and mobile numbers registered by following the 
guidelines mentioned in these notes.
10. The AGM notice along with Annual Report will be sent 
to those members / beneficial owners whose name will 
appear in the register of members/ list of beneficiaries 
received from the depositories as on Friday, August 01, 
2025 (i.e. the benpos date for sending the Annual Report 
and AGM Notice). Further, a physical copy of Annual 
Report shall be sent to only those Member who has 
requested for the same.
 In line with the MCA/SEBI Circulars and SEBI Listing 
Regulations, the Annual Report and Notice calling the 
AGM have been uploaded on the website of the Company 
 9 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 317]]
at www.maxindia.com and also be accessed from the 
websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.
com and www.nseindia.com, respectively and the AGM 
Notice is also available on the website of NSDL i.e.  
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
11. Members are requested to send all their correspondence 
directly to Mas Services Limited, Registrar and T ransfer 
Agent (“RTA”) of the Company at T-34, 2 nd Floor, Okhla 
Industrial Area Phase II, New Delhi – 110020. T el–011– 
41320335 / 26387281- 83, E–mail: investor@masserv.com.
12. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has 
mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number 
(PAN) by every participant in securities market. The 
entire share capital of the Company is in demat mode 
only. Members holding shares in electronic form are 
therefore, requested to submit the PAN to their Depository 
Participant (“DP”) with whom they are maintaining their 
demat account. 
13. Members are requested to intimate changes/ update, 
if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email 
address, telephone/ mobile numbers, Permanent Account 
Number (PAN), mandates, nominations, power of 
attorney, Bank Details such as name of the Bank, Branch 
details, Bank account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc., 
to their DPs with whom they are maintaining their demat 
account.
14. The Company has designated an exclusive Email 
Id: corpsecretarial@maxindia.com for redressal for 
Shareholders’/Investors’ complaints/ grievance. In case 
you have any queries, complaints or grievances, then 
please write to us at the above mentioned e-mail address.
15. SEBI vide Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/ 
CIR/2023/131 dated July 31, 2023, and SEBI/HO/OIAE/
OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/135 dated August 4, 2023, read 
with Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/ OIAE/OIAE_IAD1/P/ 
CIR/2023/145 dated July 31, 2023 (updated as on August 
11, 2023), has established a common Online Dispute 
Resolution Portal (“ODR Portal”) for resolution of disputes 
arising in the Indian Securities Market.
 Pursuant to above-mentioned circulars, post exhausting 
the option to resolve their grievances with the RTA / 
Company directly and through existing SCORES platform, 
the investors can initiate dispute resolution through the 
ODR Portal at https:/ / smartodr.in/login. 
16. All the documents referred in the notice and explanatory 
statement thereto are open for inspection at the 
Registered and Corporate Office of the Company during 
working hours between 10.00 a.m. and 1.00 p.m., except 
on holidays from the date of circulation of this Notice up 
to the date of AGM i.e. Wednesday, September 03, 2025.
 The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel 
and their shareholding, Register of Contracts or 
Arrangements in which Directors are interested and all 
the documents referred to in the Notice and explanatory 
statement will be available electronically for inspection by 
the members during the AGM.
17. Pursuant to Section 72 of the Act, Member(s) of the 
Company may nominate a person in whose name the 
shares held by him/them shall vest in the event of his/ 
their unfortunate death. Therefore, member(s) holding 
shares in dematerialized form, may file nomination form 
with their respective Depository Participant.
18. The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Kapil Dev 
T aneja, Partner, failing him, Mr. Neeraj Arora, Partner of 
M/ s Sanjay Grover & Associates, Company Secretaries 
having office at B-88, First Floor, Defence Colony, New 
Delhi – 110024, as Scrutinizer to scrutinize the e-voting 
during the AGM and remote e-voting process in a fair and 
transparent manner and they have communicated their 
willingness to be appointed for the said purpose.
19. FOR THE KIND ATTENTION OF SHAREHOLDERS 
WHOSE SHARES ARE LYING IN UNCLAIMED SHARE 
DEMAT SUSPENSE ACCOUNT
The entire share capital of the Company is in demat form. 
The transfer of Equity Shares in dematerialized form are 
done through depositories with no involvement of the 
Company.
In terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations, securities of listed 
companies can only be transferred in dematerialized form 
including where the claim is lodged for transmission or 
transposition of shares.
Shares transferred to Max India Limited - Unclaimed 
Share Demat Suspense Account (“suspense account”) 
can be claimed in demat form. All such shareholders 
whose shares lying in Suspense Account are requested to 
approach the Registrar and T ransfer Agent (RTA) of the 
Company to know the procedure of claiming such shares 
by forwarding a request letter duly signed by them along 
with their complete postal address along with PIN code, 
a copy of PAN card & proof of address. As soon as these 
shareholders follow the prescribed procedure as may be 
communicated to them, the Company is immediately 
crediting the eligible equity shares into the demat account 
of the concerned shareholder.
10 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 318]]
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING 
AND JOINING ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER:
The remote e-voting period begins on Saturday, August 30, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. and ends on Tuesday, September 2, 2025 at 
05:00 P.M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear 
in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Wednesday, August 27, 2025, may cast 
their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital 
of the Company as on the cut-off date, being Wednesday, August 27, 2025. And  the person who are not the members as on the 
cut-off date should treat this notice for information purposes only.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “T wo Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access 
e-Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with 
NSDL.
For OTP based login you can click on https:/ / eservices.nsdl.
com/SecureWeb/ evoting/ evotinglogin.jsp. Y ou will have to 
enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification 
code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered 
email id/ mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or 
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected 
to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting.
Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL 
Viz. https:/ / eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer 
or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the 
“Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available 
under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your 
existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, 
you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added 
services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services 
and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting.
 11 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 319]]
Type of shareholders  Login Method
If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register 
is available at https:/ / eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register 
Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https:/ / eservices.nsdl.
com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https:/ /www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home 
page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A 
new screen will open. Y ou will have to enter your User ID (i.e. 
your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting. 
1. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile 
App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code 
mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with 
CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, 
can login through their existing user id and password. 
Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page 
without any further authentication. The users to login 
Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New 
System Myeasi T ab and then user your existing my 
easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be 
able to see the e-Voting option for eligible companies 
where the evoting is in progress as per the information 
provided by company. On clicking the evoting 
option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of 
the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, 
there is also links provided to access the system of all 
e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit 
the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
12 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 320]]
Type of shareholders  Login Method
If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
& New System Myeasi T ab and then click on registration option.
Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system 
will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile 
& Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option 
where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access 
the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders (holding securities in demat mode) 
login through their depository participants
Y ou can also login using the login credentials of your demat 
account through your Depository Participant registered with 
NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be 
able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will 
be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 
- 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or 
contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911
B)  Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting 
for shareholders other than Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode and shareholders 
holding securities in physical mode.
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
 Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https:/ /www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
 Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click 
on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
 A new screen will open. Y ou will have to enter your User 
ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown 
on the screen.
 Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. 
IDEAS, you can log-in at https:/ / eservices.nsdl.com/ with 
your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you 
can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
 13 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 321]]
1. Y our User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical
Y our User ID is:
a) For Members who hold shares in demat account with 
NSDL.
 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
 For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in demat account with 
CDSL.
 16 Digit Beneficiary ID
 For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** 
then your user ID is 12**************
c) For Members holding shares in Physical Form.
 EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered 
with the company
 For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 
101456 then user ID is 101456001***
2. Password details for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you 
can user your existing password to login and cast your 
vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first 
time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ 
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve 
your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial 
password’ and the system will force you to change 
your password.
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat 
account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email 
ID. T race the email sent to you from NSDL from 
your mailbox. Open the email and open the 
attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The 
password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client 
ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for 
CDSL account or folio number for shares held in 
physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User 
ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please 
follow steps mentioned below in process for 
those shareholders whose email ids are not 
registered.
3. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial 
password” or have forgotten your password:
 Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are 
holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares 
in physical mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.
com.
 If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid 
two options, you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.com 
mentioning your demat account number/folio number, 
your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
 Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) 
based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting system of 
NSDL.
4. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “T erms and 
Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
5. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
6. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of 
e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting 
on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting 
on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all 
the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares 
and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active 
status.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting 
your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual 
meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed 
under “Join Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent 
or dissent, verify/ modify the number of shares for which 
you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted.
14 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 322]]
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” 
will be displayed. 
6. Y ou can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by 
clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not 
be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI 
etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the 
relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to contact@
cssanjaygrover.in with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, 
NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of 
Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board 
Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab 
in their login.
It is strongly recommended not to share your password with 
any other person and take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In 
such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User 
Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual 
for Shareholders available at the download section of www.
evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request 
to Mr. Amit Vishal, Senior Manager at evoting@nsdl.com  or to 
Mr. Sharvan Mangla, General Manager, MAS Services Limited, 
Registrar and T ransfer Agent of the Company, at T-34, 2nd Floor, 
Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – II, New Delhi – 110020, e-mail: 
investor@masserv.com, phone no. +91 11 41320335 / 2638 
7281/ 82/ 83.
Process for registration of e-mail ids and for procuring 
user Id and password for e-voting
1. The entire shareholding of the Company is in Demat 
Mode. Therefore, the members who have not registered 
their e-mail addresses with the Depositories/ Depository 
Participant are requested to register the same with their 
concerned Depository Participant where they maintain 
their Demat Account. Please provide DPID-CLID (16 
digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client 
master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN 
(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self 
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to info@masserv.
com for procuring your user id and password for e-voting. 
Kindly, refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) 
i.e. Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode.
2. Alternatively shareholder/ members may send a request to 
evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for 
e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
3. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on 
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed 
to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders 
are required to update their mobile number and email 
ID correctly in their demat account in order to access 
e-Voting facility.
The instructions for members for e-voting on the day of 
the agm are as under:-
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same 
as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will attend the 
AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted 
their vote on resolutions through remote e-Voting and are 
otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to 
vote through e-Voting system in the AGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will 
be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the AGM.
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any 
grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the 
day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for 
Remote e-voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING 
THE AGM THROUGH VC / OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the 
AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting 
system. Members may access by following the steps 
mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. 
After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM 
link” placed under “Join General meeting” menu against 
company name. Y ou are requested to click on VC/OAVM 
 15 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 323]]
link placed under Join General Meeting menu. The link for 
VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login 
where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please 
note that the members who do not have the User ID and 
Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and 
Password may retrieve the same by following the remote 
e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last 
minute rush.
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through 
Laptops for better experience.
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use 
Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during 
the meeting.
4. Please note that Participants connecting from Mobile 
Devices or T ablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due 
to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5. Members who would like to express their views or ask 
questions during the AGM may register themselves as 
a speaker by sending their request from their registered 
Email Id mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID / Folio 
No., PAN, Mobile No. to the Registrar and Share T ransfer 
agent of the Company at investor@masserv.com and to 
the Company at corpsecretarial@maxindia.com or any 
other email on or before 2:30 PM, Monday, September 01, 
2025. Those Members who have registered themselves 
as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views / 
ask questions during the AGM. The Company reserves the 
right to restrict the number of speakers depending on the 
availability of time for the AGM.
Other Instructions
1. The e-voting rights of members shall be in proportion 
of their shares in the paid-up equity share capital of the 
Company as on the cut-off date, i.e., closure of business 
hours of Wednesday, August 27, 2025. A person, 
whose name is recorded in the register of members or 
in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the 
depositories as on the cut-off date shall be entitled to avail 
the facility of voting, either through remote e-voting or 
voting at the AGM through electronic voting system.
2. Any person who acquires shares of the Company and 
becomes a Member of the Company after mailing of the 
Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date shall be 
entitled to avail remote e-voting facility or e-voting during 
the AGM. They, may obtain the login ID and password by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in. However, if he/
she is already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting 
then he/ she can use his/ her existing User ID and password 
for casting the vote.
3. The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion 
of voting at the AGM, first count the votes cast during 
the Meeting, thereafter, unblock the votes cast through 
remote e-voting in the presence of at least two witnesses 
not in the employment of the Company and make, not later 
than 2 (T wo) working days of conclusion of the AGM, a 
consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast 
in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person 
authorised by him, who shall countersign the same. The 
Chairman or the authorized person shall declare the results.
4. The result on the resolutions will be declared on or before 
closing business hours i.e. 6:00 pm (IST ) on F riday 
September 5, 2025 at the corporate office of the company. 
The result so declared along with the Scrutinizers Report 
shall be immediately placed on the Notice Board of the 
Company at its Registered and Corporate office and also 
on Company’s website www.maxindia.com and on the 
website of NSDL www.evoting.nsdl.com. The Company 
shall simultaneously forward the results to National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited 
(BSE), where the shares of the Company are listed. The 
resolutions will be deemed to be passed on the date of 
AGM subject to receipt of the requisite number of votes in 
favour of the resolutions.
16 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 324]]
Item no. 3
Approval of payment of compensation to Mr. Analjit Singh 
(DIN: 00029641), Non- Executive Chairman of the Company 
for the Financial Y ear 2025-26:
Mr. Analjit Singh (DIN: 00029641), age about 71 years, is the 
Founder & Chairman of The Max Group, a $5 billion Indian 
multi-business enterprise, with interests in life insurance (Axis 
Max Life), real estate (Max Estates), senior living (Antara). 
The Max Group is renowned for successful joint ventures with 
some pre-eminent firms including Axis Bank, Mitsui Sumitomo 
& T oppan, Japan; New Y ork Life Insurance Company; Bupa Plc, 
Life Healthcare, SA; DSM, Netherlands, Hutchison Whampoa; 
Motorola, Lockheed Martin, and others. 
Amongst privately held family businesses, Mr. Analjit Singh 
is the founder of Leeu Collection, a group of leisure boutique 
hotels in Franschhoek, South Africa; The Lake District, UK; 
and soon to be opened in Florence, Italy. The Leeu Collection 
also includes a significant presence in the wine and viticulture 
sector through Mullineux Leeu Family Wines in SA, a four-time 
winner of ‘Platters Winery of the year’ over the past 9 years. 
In addition, the private arm has a substantial investment in 
Alajmo SpA, Italy and Riga Foods, India.
Mr. Analjit Singh was awarded the Padma Bhushan, India’s 
third highest civilian honour, by the President of India in 2011. 
An alumnus of The Doon School and Shri Ram College of 
Commerce, University of Delhi, Mr. Analjit Singh holds an MBA 
from the Graduate School of Management, Boston University. 
He has been conferred with an honorary doctorate by Amity 
University. He also serves as the Honorary Consul General of 
the Republic of San Marino in India.
Mr. Singh is the Chairman of the listed companies of Max 
Group, viz., Max Financial Services Limited, Max India Limited 
and Max Estates Limited and earlier, the Founder Chairman 
of Max Life Insurance Company Limited; Max Healthcare; 
Hutchison Max T elecom; Max Bupa and so on. He also served 
as a Director on the Board of Sofina NV /SA, Belgium till March 
2022 and was the Non-Executive Chairman of Vodafone India 
till August 2018.
Mr. Singh was a member of the Founder Executive Board of the 
Indian School of Business (ISB), India’s top ranked B-School 
and has served as Chairman of the Board of Governors of The 
Indian Institute of T echnology, The Doon School and Welham 
Girls’ School. In addition, he served on the Prime Minister’s 
Indo US CEO and Indo UK CEO Council for over a decade.
He has been felicitated by Senator Hillary Clinton, former US 
Secretary of State, on behalf of the Indian American Centre 
for Political Awareness for his outstanding achievement in 
presenting the international community with an understanding 
of a modern and vibrant India and for creating several 
successful joint ventures with leading American companies 
and promoting business ties with the USA.
He has been honoured with the Ernst and Y oung Entrepreneur 
of the Y ear Award (Service Category) and the Golden Peacock 
Award for Leadership and Service Excellence. In 2014 he was 
awarded with Spain’s second highest civilian honour, the 
Knight Commander of the Order of Queen Isabella and the 
Distinguished Alumni Award from Boston University.
As the Promoter, Director, and Non-executive Chairman of the 
Board, Mr. Analjit Singh has been instrumental in providing 
strategic guidance and thought leadership to the Company 
since its inception. His vision and expertise have significantly 
contributed to the Company’s achievements in Corporate 
Governance, Brand visibility and overall growth.
Mr. Analjit Singh has consistently provided strategic advice 
to the Company, inter-alia, includes providing vision and 
direction for the Company’s growth and expansion, identifying 
and nurturing strategic partnerships to drive business 
growth, fostering relationships with key stakeholders to 
promote business interests, overseeing the development 
of senior leadership talent, ensuring effective governance 
and board oversight, building and maintaining relationships 
with government entities to support business objectives, 
representing the Company in various forums to promote its 
interests.
The Company and its Subsidiary Companies are exploring 
various business initiatives to drive growth. Given the critical 
nature of this phase, the Management anticipates that the 
Chairman, Mr. Analjit Singh, will devote significant time to 
providing strategic guidance and counsel.
Therefore, the Board of Directors of the Company, after 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS 
AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS,2015.
 17 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 325]]
considering the recommendations of the Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee, has approved the proposal for 
payment of gross compensation of Rs. 3 Crores per annum for 
the Financial Y ear 2025-26 (same as previous Financial Y ear 
2024-25) to Mr. Analjit Singh. 
The compensation is subject to the approval of the shareholders 
of the Company, payable in such manner as the Board of 
directors and/ or Committee thereof, may determine from 
time to time. This compensation shall be over and above the 
sitting fees and reimbursement of expenses for attending the 
meetings of the Company.
In terms of the provisions of Section 197 and Schedule V of 
the Act, the Company is required to obtain the approval of 
members of the Company for payment of such compensation 
to Non-Executive Directors. Further, in terms of provisions 
of Regulation 17(6)(ca) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”), the Company is required to obtain approval 
of members of the Company, by way of Special Resolution, if 
such annual remuneration to a single non-executive director 
exceeds 50% of the total annual remuneration payable to 
all the non-executive directors in any financial year. Hence, 
approval of members is sought by way of Special Resolution 
to enable the Company to make payment of compensation to 
Mr. Analjit Singh, Non-Executive Chairman of the Company for 
Financial year 2025-26.
Save and except Mr. Analjit Singh himself and Mrs. T ara Singh 
Vachani and their relatives to the extent of their shareholding 
interest, if any, in the Company, none of the other directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in any way, 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
proposed resolution.
The Board recommends the special resolution as set out at 
item No. 3 for approval by the members.
The information required in terms of Schedule V to the Act is as 
under is provided under Annexure-B to this notice.
Item no. 4
Amendment in Max India Limited - Employee Stock Option 
Plan 2020 (“ESOP Plan”) of the Company.
The Company has implemented a long term incentive plan in 
the form of the Max India Limited - Employee Stock Option 
Plan, 2020 in order to attract, reward and retain talented and 
key employees in the competitive environment and encourage 
them to align individual performance with the organizational 
goals. The Original ESOP Plan was implemented in due 
compliance with the provisions of the then applicable laws and 
rules framed thereunder.
It is proposed to amend/update the Original ESOP Plan to 
make certain changes as explained in the Notice read with the 
explanatory statement.  
The said amendments/ changes to the Original ESOP Plan are 
not prejudicial to the interests of the employees/ directors of (i) 
the Company; or (ii) subsidiaries of the Company.
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) of the Company and subject 
to the approval of the shareholders, the Board of Directors of 
the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board”) of the 
Company, on May 30, 2025, has approved:
� Acceleration of the vesting schedule in case of transfer of 
employee to a group Company which is not a subsidiary of 
the Company, as may be approved by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee from time to time. 
� The exercise period for all vested but unexercised options 
be extended to three (3) years from their respective vesting 
dates (in deviation from the current 30-day window), to 
accommodate transition of the employees to the other 
Group Company.
The Board, which term shall include the NRC constituted 
by the Board or any other committee which the Board may 
constitute to act as the ‘Compensation Committee’ under the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (the “SEBI ESOP 
Regulations”) or their delegated authority has been authorized 
to implement the ESOP Plan.
Section 62 of the Companies Act, 2013, the applicable 
provisions of Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 
2014 read with Regulation 7(1) of the SEBI ESOP Regulations, a 
company may vary the terms of employee stock option schemes 
by way of passing special resolution by the shareholders of 
such company. Further, in terms of Regulation 6 of SEBI ESOP 
Regulations, the approval of the shareholders by way of a 
separate special resolution is required for granting options to 
the employees of subsidiary companies / group companies 
(including associate companies, joint venture companies or 
holding company, if any) as defined in SEBI ESOP Regulations / 
the Companies Act, 2013.
In view of above, approval of the shareholders of the Company 
is sought by way of special resolution for Item No. 4 of the 
accompanying Notice.
18 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 326]]
Key Variations in the ESOP Plan:
a) The details of the key variations proposed to the ESOP Plan are provided below (capitalized terms used but not defined 
herein have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the ESOP Plan):
Original Clause
Number
Existing Provision of the ESOP Plan (as 
extracted from the existing ESOP Plan)
Proposed Amendment to the ESOP Plan  
(as extracted from the amended and restated 
ESOP Plan)
7(g) If an Optionee is transferred or deputed to any 
company which is a subsidiary of the Company 
prior to vesting or exercise of the Options granted 
to such Optionee under the Plan, the rights under 
such Options granted shall continue even after the 
transfer / deputation, as per the terms of the Plan 
and the Agreement executed by such Optionee. 
If an Optionee is transferred or deputed to any 
company within the Max Group but which is not 
a subsidiary of the Company, then the Options 
not yet vested with the Optionee shall lapse 
immediately and all rights there under shall 
extinguish. However the Options vested but not 
yet exercised shall be allowed to be exercised 
by the Optionee within a period of 30 days 
from the date of his/her transfer/ deputation 
becoming effective, failing which the Options 
vested shall lapse and rights there under shall 
stand extinguished.
If an Optionee is transferred or deputed to any 
company which is a subsidiary of the Company 
prior to vesting or exercise of the Options granted 
to such Optionee under the Plan, the rights under 
such Options granted shall continue even after the 
transfer / deputation, as per the terms of the Plan 
and the Agreement executed by such Optionee. 
If an Optionee is transferred or deputed to any 
company within the Max Group but which is not 
a subsidiary of the Company,
 � Acceleration of the vesting schedule, as 
may be approved by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee from time to time; 
 � The exercise period for all vested but 
unexercised options be extended to three 
(3) years from their respective vesting 
dates, to accommodate transition of the 
employees to the other Group Company.
b) Rationale for the variation of the ESOP Plan:
 T o provide the continuity of the benefits to the employees 
being associated with the Max Group.
c) Details of the employees who are beneficiaries of such 
variation:
 Optionee is being transferred or deputed to any company 
within the Max Group but which is not a subsidiary 
of the Company. Being associated with the Group, it 
was proposed to provide a period of 3 years to exercise 
the vested options from the date of his/her transfer/
deputation becoming effective or such other period as 
may be determined by NRC from time to time. Further, in 
case of any transfer to Max Group Company which is not 
subsidiary of the company, the vesting of the remaining 
options may be accelerated at the discretion of NRC.
 The disclosure in terms of Section 62 of the Companies Act 
read with the Companies (Share Capital and Debenture 
Rules) 2014 and Regulation 6(2) read with part C of the 
schedule I of the SEBI ESOP Regulations are as under:
a) Brief Description of the Plan:
 The Company had introduced the Original ESOP Plan 
after seeking approval of the shareholders to attract, 
reward and retain talented and key eligible employees 
of the Company and its subsidiaries in competitive 
environment and encourage them to align individual 
performance with the organisational goals. The 
Company now proposes to amend and restate the 
Original ESOP Plan as described above.
b) T otal number of Options to be offered and granted:
 The maximum number of equity shares of the 
Company (“Equity Shares”) that may be issued 
pursuant to exercise of all options granted to the 
participants under the ESOP Plan is not permitted 
to exceed 26,89,313 (T wenty Six Lakhs Eighty Nine 
Thousand Three Hundred and Thirteen) Equity 
Shares. 
c) Requirements of vesting and period of vesting
 19 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 327]]
 Vesting may be time based or performance based, 
as determined by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, from time to time.
d) Maximum period within which the Options shall be 
vested
 As determined by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, from time to time.
e) Exercise price or pricing formula
 As determined by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee but shall not be less than the par value of 
equity shares of the Company.
f) Exercise Period and the Process of Exercise
 Exercise period: Five years from the respective vesting 
dates or such other date as may be determined by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, from time 
to time.
 Process of exercise: The Optionee is required to provide 
written notice (the “Exercise Notice”) to the Company 
stating the number of Shares in respect of which the 
Option is being exercised in terms of the ESOP Plan.
g) Appraisal process for determining the eligibility 
under the Plan
 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall 
determine the grant size for the employees eligible 
under the ESOP plan based inter-alia, on number 
of years of service in the Company, seniority in the 
management cadre, annual performance appraisal/
review, criticality of the function and the significance 
of contribution to the Company’s growth.
h) Maximum number of Options to be offered and 
issued per employee and in aggregate
 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall 
decide the number of options / equity shares that may 
be granted/issued to any specific employee / director 
of the Company (including subsidiary Company) under 
the ESOP Plan, in any financial year and in aggregate
i) Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per 
employee under the Plan
 As determined by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee from time to time.
j) Whether the Plan is to be implemented and 
administered directly by the Company or through a 
Trust
 The plan will be directly administered by the Company.
k) Whether the Plan involves new issue of shares by 
the Company or secondary acquisition by the Trust 
or both
 The plan envisages new issue of shares by the 
Company.
l) The amount of loan to be provided for
 This is not contemplated under the present ESOP Plan 
as the Company does not intend to acquire any shares 
in secondary market for this purpose.
m) Implementation of the Plan by the Company to the 
Trust, its tenure, utilisation, repayment terms, etc.
 Not Applicable
n) Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition that 
can be made by the Trust for the purpose of the Plan
 Not Applicable
o) Accounting and Disclosure Policies
 The Company shall follow the IND AS 102 on Share 
based Payments and/ or any relevant Accounting 
Standards as may be prescribed by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) from time 
to time, including the disclosure requirements 
prescribed therein. In case the existing guidance note 
or accounting standards do not prescribe accounting 
treatment or disclosure requirements, any other 
Accounting Standard that may be issued by ICAI 
or any other competent authority shall be adhered 
to in due compliance with the requirements of SEBI 
Regulations.
p) Method of valuation of Options
 The Company shall use the fair value method or 
such valuation method as may be prescribed from 
time to time in accordance with applicable laws for 
valuation of the Stock Options granted, to calculate 
the employee compensation cost.
q) Period of Lock-in
20 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 328]]
 The Shares arising out of exercise of Vested Options 
shall not be subject to any lock-in period from the 
date of allotment of such Shares under ESOP Plan. 
However, the sale or transfer of equity shares allotted 
on such exercise will be subject to the provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of 
Insider trading) Regulations, 2015 (as amended from 
time to time) and the Code of Conduct to Regulate, 
Monitor and Report T rading by Designated Persons of 
the Company framed thereunder.
r) T erms & conditions for buyback, if any, of specified 
securities covered under these regulations:
 The NRC will determine the procedure for buy-back 
of the options granted under the ESOP Plan, if to 
be undertaken at any time by the Company, and 
the applicable terms and conditions are to be in 
accordance with the applicable laws.
s) Declaration
 As the Company is adopting fair value method, 
presently there is no requirement for disclosure 
in the Director’s Report. However, in the future, if 
the Company opts for expensing of share based 
employee benefits using the intrinsic value, the 
difference between the employee compensation cost 
so computed and the employee compensation cost 
that shall have been recognized if it had used the 
fair value, shall be disclosed in the Directors’ report 
and the impact of this difference on profits and on 
earnings per share (“EPS”) of the Company shall also 
be disclosed in the Directors’ Report.
 In terms of Regulations 6, 7 and other applicable 
provisions of the SEBI ESOP Regulations 2021, 
approval of the shareholders is sought by way of 
Special Resolution for amendment of the Plan and 
other matters connected therewith.
 Directors and KMPs are deemed to be concerned 
or interested, to the extent of options granted/ to 
be granted pursuant to the Plan and to the extent of 
their shareholding in the Company, if any. None of 
the other Directors/Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company/ their relatives are, in any way, whether 
financially or otherwise, concerned or interested, in 
the resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice.
Item no. 5
Approval for re-appointment of Mr. Rajit Mehta as director 
and the Managing Director of the Company;
The current tenure of Mr. Rajit Mehta as Managing Director 
of the Company shall expire on January 14, 2026. Basis the 
recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and the Board of Directors, it is proposed to re-appoint Mr. Rajit 
Mehta as Managing Director of the Company for a period of 5 
years effective from January 15, 2026 to January 14, 2031.
Brief profile of Mr. Rajit Mehta
Rajit Mehta is the Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer of Antara Senior Living Ltd., a subsidiary of Max 
India Limited that pioneers the concept of ‘Age in Place’ by 
developing senior living communities. He is also the Managing 
Director of Max India Ltd and provides oversight/ advisory for 
the HR function across the Max Group. 
Rajit is the Chairman of ASLI (Association of Senior Living 
organizations in India) and the founding board member of 
Dementia India Alliance (DIA), a non-profit organization. He is 
also an Independent Director on the board of Dr Lal PathLabs 
and a Member of the Accreditation Board for the Healthcare 
Sector Skill Council. 
As Antara’s MD and CEO, Rajit is spearheading its strategy 
to create an integrated care ecosystem for Seniors. Under his 
leadership Antara has expanded its residences for Seniors 
business, launched Antara Assisted Care Services comprising 
Care Homes, Memory Care Homes, and Care at Home verticals. 
In late 2023, Antara launched its products business, AGEasy, 
which is an online/ offline store for products and solutions for 
Seniors to help them manage chronic conditions. The mission 
is to help Seniors age with ease and joy. In the last few years, 
the market cap of Max India has grown ~ 3x, from Rs 300 crs 
to ~ Rs 1000 crs. 
Previously, Rajit has served as the MD & CEO for Max 
Healthcare where he led a transformation journey for Max 
Healthcare through a 5C framework, comprising Care, Clinical 
Excellence, Cohesion, Commitment and Compliance. He also 
successfully helped Max Healthcare achieve its vision of being 
the most admired healthcare company in India known for 
clinical and service excellence. Under Rajit’s leadership, MHC 
made two large acquisitions which significantly increased its 
footprint in NCR. He led the seeding of alternate business 
models in Home Care, Diagnostics and Oncology Day care, 
keeping in mind emerging trends and to secure future growth. 
 21 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 329]]
Under his watch, the company doubled its earnings (EBITDA), 
revenue and valuation within a 5-year period. 
Rajit has also been a founder member of Max Life Insurance 
and was instrumental in helping Max Life become an admired 
and profitable Company. During his tenure at Max Life as Chief 
Operating Officer, he undertook additional responsibilities 
as the Chief T ransformation Officer and provided oversight 
on execution of key initiatives; designing and implementing 
new work systems; aligning key stakeholders; rationalising 
the cost structure to improve profitability; and laying down a 
comprehensive change management agenda. Rajit has played a 
strategic role in helping Max Life expand its distribution footprint 
across India including facilitating a project to “Revamp Sales 
processes”. The project culminated in Rajit co-authoring a book 
titled “Growth Leadership Practices at Max Life”. He was also 
the co-lead for Project Max Vijay, an innovative retail business 
model aimed at providing protection and long-term wealth 
creation opportunities to the underserved segments in India. 
The initiative was recognized with the Golden Peacock Award 
at London in September 2008 and Asia Insurance Industry 
Award – Innovation of the year in Singapore in November 2009. 
During his tenure as Chief Operating Officer, Max Life 
progressed its Quality & Service Excellence journey. This 
included putting a Service Blueprint in place, implementing 
a comprehensive outsourcing strategy to impact customer 
experience and cost and embedding the Max Performance 
framework in the business. 
Rajit mentored the setting up of Max Skill First (MSF), which 
was providing learning and skilling solutions to all Max Group 
companies as well as to a few external organisations in the 
financial services space. 
Prior to Max Life Insurance, he was the Director – Personnel 
at Bank of America and has also worked with HCL. His total 
experience spans 3 decades. Rajit is a graduate in Commerce, 
postgraduate in Human Resources and has also attended an 
Advanced Management Program at INSEAD – France. He is the 
recipient of the Chairman’s Award at Max Life Insurance.  
The information as required under Listing Regulations read 
with the provisions of the Secretarial Standard on General 
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India (‘SS-2’), in respect of the proposed appointments forms 
part of Annexure-A.
It is strongly believed that the Company would be immensely 
benefitted with vast knowledge and varied experience and 
leadership of Mr. Rajit Mehta as the Managing Director of the 
Company.
Copy of re-appointment letter to be issued to Mr. Mehta is open 
for inspection by any member of the Company at its Registered/
Corporate Office during business hours on any working day. 
The same may be treated as written memorandum setting out 
the terms and conditions of his re-appointment under Section 
190 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Save and except Mr. Rajit Mehta and his relatives to the extent 
of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, none 
of the other directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their 
relatives are in any way, concerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise, in the proposed resolution.
The Board recommends the special resolution as set out at 
item No.5 of this notice.
The information required in terms of Schedule V to the Act is as 
under is provided under Annexure-B to this notice.
Item no. 6
Appointment of M/s. Sanjay Grover & Associates, Practicing 
Company Secretaries as Secretarial Auditors of the Comapny 
and fix their remuneration.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 204 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with 
Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being 
in force) (“the Act”), every listed company and certain other 
prescribed categories of companies are required to annex 
a Secretarial Audit Report, issued by a Practicing Company 
Secretary, to their Board’s report, prepared under Section 
134(3) of the Act.
Furthermore, pursuant to recent amendments to Regulation 
24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, every listed entity is required 
to conduct a Secretarial Audit and annex the Secretarial Audit 
Report to its annual report. Additionally, a listed entity must 
appoint a Secretarial Audit firm for a maximum of two terms 
of five consecutive years, with shareholder approval to be 
obtained at the Annual General Meeting.
Accordingly, based on the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee, the Board of Directors has approved the 
appointment of M/ s. Sanjay Grover & Associates (“SGA”), 
Company Secretaries, as the Secretarial Auditors of the 
22 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 330]]
Company for a period of five years, commencing from April 
1, 2025, to March 31, 2030. The appointment is subject to 
shareholders’ approval at the Annual General Meeting.
While recommending SGA for appointment, the Board and 
the Audit Committee evaluated various factors, including the 
firm’s capability to handle a diverse and complex business 
environment, its existing experience in the Company’s business 
segments, its industry standing, the clientele it serves, and its 
technical expertise. SGA was found to be well-equipped to 
manage the scale, diversity, and complexity associated with the 
Secretarial Audit of the Company.
SGA is a pear reviewed and a well-established firm of Practicing 
Company Secretaries, registered with the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India, New Delhi. The firm is led by experienced 
partners, all of whom are distinguished professionals in the 
field of corporate governance and compliance. Their collective 
expertise spans corporate advisory, transactional services, 
litigation, advocacy, and legal due diligence. The firm also 
has associate partners with strong professional credentials 
who align with its core values of character, competence, 
and commitment. SGA specializes in compliance audit and 
assurance services, advisory and representation services, and 
transactional services.
The terms and conditions of SGA’s appointment include a 
tenure of five years, from April 1, 2025, to March 31, 2030. The 
fixed remuneration for the Secretarial Audit for the year 2026 is 
set at Rs. 3,00,000/- (Rupees Three Lacs only), plus applicable 
taxes and other out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection 
with the audit. The proposed fees are determined based on the 
scope of work, team size, industry experience, and the time and 
expertise required by SGA to conduct the audit effectively.
Additional fees for statutory certifications and other 
professional services will be determined separately by the 
management, in consultation with SGA, and will be subject 
to approval by the Board of Directors and/ or the Audit 
Committee. The remuneration for the subsequent years from 
2027 to 2030 will also be approved by the Board and/ or the 
Audit Committee.
SGA has provided its consent to act as the Secretarial 
Auditors of the Company and has confirmed that the proposed 
appointment, if made, will be in compliance with the provisions 
of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. Accordingly, the 
consent of the shareholders is sought for the appointment of 
SGA as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company.
The Board of Directors recommends the resolution for approval 
by the Members, as set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP), 
or their relatives have any financial or other interest in the 
proposed resolution.
Item no. 7
Re-appointment of Mr. Niten Malhan, as an Independent 
Director of the Company:
Based upon the recommendations of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the 
Company had re-appointed Mr. Niten Malhan as Non-
Executive Independent Director of the Company for the second 
term effective from February 1, 2026 upto January 31, 2031 
(both days inclusive).
Pursuant to Section 149(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 (the 
‘Act’), an Independent Director shall hold office for a term of up 
to five consecutive years on the Board of a Company but shall 
be eligible for re-appointment on passing of a special resolution 
by the Company for another term of up to five consecutive 
years on the Board of a Company.
In the terms of Section 160 of the Act, the company has received 
Notice in writing from a member proposing candidatures of  
Mr. Niten Malhan for appointment as Non-Executive, 
Independent Director of the Company.
The Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the Board of 
Directors, on the basis of report of performance evaluation of 
Independent Directors, has recommended re-appointment of 
Mr. Niten Malhan as an Independent Director for a second term 
on the Board of the Company. The performance evaluation of 
Mr. Malhan was done during each year of his current tenure. 
Some of the performance indicators used for such evaluation 
were– attendance in the Board & Committee meetings, 
quality of participation/ preparation, ability to provide 
leadership, commitment to protecting/ enhancing interests of 
all shareholders and contribution in implementation of best 
governance practices etc.
The Board considers that he is well-respected professional, 
in his respective field who brings a wealth of experience and 
business acumen to the Board. The Board also considered that 
Mr. Malhan has contributed significantly in bringing requisite 
objectivity in the Board room discussions.
The Company has also received declarations from Mr. Malhan 
 23 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 331]]
that he meets the criteria of independence as prescribed both 
under sub-section (6) of Section 149 of the Act and under 
the Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. Also he 
has the requisite skills and capabilities required for the role as 
required under the regulations 36 (3) (f) of listing regulations. 
In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Malhan fulfils the conditions 
for appointment as an Independent Director as specified in 
the Act and the Listing Regulations and is independent of the 
management. He is  not debarred from holding the office of 
Director by virtue of any SEBI, MCA order or any other such 
authority. He has also confirmed that he is in compliance 
with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, with respect to 
his registration with the data bank of Independent Directors 
maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (‘IICA’).
He has  also confirmed that he is not aware of any circumstance 
or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that 
could impair or impact his ability to discharge duties with an 
objective independent judgment and without any external 
influence.
In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Niten Malhan, fulfill the 
conditions specified in the Act and Listing Regulations and are 
independent of the Management. Further, he is not disqualified 
from being appointed as Directors under provisions of Section 
164 of the Act, and not debarred from holding the office of 
director by virtue of any SEBI order or any other such authority. 
A Copy of appointment letter setting out terms and conditions 
of his re-appointment and all other documents referred to in 
the accompanying Notice are available for inspection through 
electronic mode and any Member interested in inspection may 
write to corpsecretarial@maxindia.com. 
Considering the vast and varied experience and expertise of Mr. 
Niten Malhan, your directors recommend the re-appointment 
of Mr. Niten Malhan as Non-Executive, Independent Director 
on the Board of the Company for the second term of five years 
effective from February 1, 2026 upto January 31, 2031 (both 
days inclusive) in the manner as per resolutions set out at 
Item No. 7 of the accompanying Notice, for the approval of the 
Members.
The information as required under Listing Regulations read 
with the provisions of the Secretarial Standard on General 
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India (‘SS-2’), in respect of the proposed appointments forms 
part of Annexure-A.
Save and except Mr. Niten Malhan and his relatives, to the 
extent of their shareholding, none of the other Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in any way, 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
resolutions as set out at Item No. 7.
Item no. 8
Issuance of Convertible Warrants on Preferential Basis and 
matters related therewith.
In order to meet funding requirements for the Company’s 
Subsidiaries and there business expansion plans and for general 
corporate purposes, the Board of Directors of the Company 
(“Board”), in its meeting held on August 05, 2025, accorded 
its approval for raising funds through the issuance of 37,03,000 
(Thirty Seven Lakhs Three Thousand only) convertible warrants 
(“Warrants”) to the proposed allottees as set out below, being 
promoter of the Company and Non-Promoter(“Proposed 
Allottees”), on a preferential basis by way of private placement, 
subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company 
(“Preferential Issue”):
Sr.
No.
Names of the 
Proposed
Allottees
Category of
proposed 
Allottees
Number of 
Warrants
Amount (in `)
1. Max Ventures 
Investment 
Holdings Pvt Ltd
Bodies 
Corporate 
(Promoter)
10,14,000 22,00,38,000
2. Singularity 
Equity Fund I
Alternate 
Investment 
Fund
(Non-
Promoter)
23,05,000 50,01,85,000
3. Paulastya 
Sachdev
Individual
(Non-
Promoter)
50,000 1,08,50,000
4. P&Y Capital 
T rust
T rust
(Non-
Promoter)
1,84,000 3,99,28,000
5. Reetha Shetty Individual
(Non-
Promoter)
50,000 1,08,50,000
6. ANG Corporate 
Services Private 
Limited
Bodies 
Corporate
(Non-
Promoter)
50,000 1,08,50,000
7. Kantilal Babulal 
Oswal
Individual
(Non-
Promoter)
50,000 1,08,50,000
T otal 37,03,000 80,35,51,000
The Proposed Allottees have also confirmed their eligibility 
in terms of Regulation 159 of Securities and Exchange Board 
24 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 332]]
of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018 (the “ICDR Regulations”), to subscribe to 
the Warrants to be issued pursuant to the Preferential Issue.
As per Section 62(1)(c) read with Section 42 of the of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (as amended) and in terms of Rule 13 
of the Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014, 
and Regulation 160 of the ICDR Regulations, a listed issuer is 
permitted to make a Preferential Issue of specified securities, if 
a special resolution has been passed by its shareholders.
Accordingly, the approval of the members of the Company is 
being sought, by way of a special resolution, to create, offer, 
issue and allot, Warrants, by way of preferential allotment to 
the Proposed Allottees.
The relevant details / disclosures of the proposed issue are 
given below:
1. The Warrants are proposed to be allotted, each exercisable 
into / convertible for 1 (one) fully paid-up equity shares of 
the Company having face value of Rs. 10/ (Rupees T en only) 
at a price of Rs. 217 (Rupees T wo Hundred and Seventeen 
only) per Warrant (“Issue Price”), being not less than the 
floor price as on the Relevant  Date i.e. August 04, 2025 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 
V of the ICDR Regulations. Please refer para (n) below for 
the detailed computation of the Issue Price.
2. Minimum amount of Rs.108.5 (Rupees One Hundred 
Eight and Fifty Paise Only), which is equivalent to 50% 
(fifty percent) of the Issue Price shall be paid at the 
time of subscription and allotment of each Warrant. The 
warrant holder will be required to make further payment 
of Rs. 108.5 (Rupees One Hundred Eight and Fifty Paise 
Only) for each Warrant, which is equivalent to 50% (fifty 
percent) of the Issue Price at the time of allotment of the 
Equity Shares pursuant to exercise of the right attached to 
Warrant to subscribe to Equity Shares.
3. The Warrant holders entitled to exercise the Warrants 
in one single tranche within a period of 9 (nine) months 
from the date of issue and allotment of Warrants, unless 
mutually extended by the Company and the Warrants 
holder for a maximum period up to 18 (eighteen) months 
from the date of allotment of the Warrants, subject to 
requisite approvals.
4. The Warrants issued pursuant to the above mentioned 
resolution shall be subject to lock-in in accordance with 
Regulations 167, 167A and 168 of the ICDR Regulations;
5. The Equity Shares issued upon conversion of Warrants 
shall rank pari-passu in all respects including dividend, 
with the then existing equity shares of the Company;
6.  The Warrants itself, until exercised and converted into 
Equity Shares, shall not give the Warrant holder any rights 
including any voting rights with respect to that of an equity 
shareholder of the Company;
The disclosures prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Regulation 163 of ICDR Regulations, as may be applicable, in 
respect of the Resolution proposed at Item No. 8 is as follows:
a) The objects of the preferential issue:
Sr. 
No.
Objects Amount to be 
utilized  
(in `)
T entative 
timeline for 
utilization of 
funds
1. Investment in Antara 
Senior Living Limited 
(WoS) and/ or any of its 
subsidiaries for senior 
living projects.
80,35,51,000 Upto the 
period ending 
on March 31, 
2027
T otal 80,35,51,000
 Interim use of Issue proceeds: Till such time issue 
proceeds are fully utilized, the Company intends to invest 
such proceeds in one or more scheduled commercial 
banks included in the second schedule of the Reserve 
Bank of India Act, 1934 or to temporarily invest the funds 
in fixed deposits with the scheduled commercial Bank(s), 
Government Securities, money market instruments 
including money market mutual funds and such other 
instruments as may be permissible under the applicable 
laws for the time being in force, as approved by the Board  
and/ or a duly authorized committee of the Board, from 
time to time, and in accordance with applicable laws.
b) Type and number of securities to be issued:
 The Board of Directors at its meeting held on August 
5, 2025, subject to the approval of the Members and 
such other approvals as may be required, approved the 
issuance and allotment of up to 37,03,000 (Thirty Seven 
Lakh Three Thousand Only) warrants, each exercisable 
into / convertible for, 1 (one) fully paid up equity share of 
the Company of face value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees T en) each 
(“Warrants”) at a price of Rs. 217 /- (Rupees T wo Hundred 
and Seventeen only) each payable in cash, aggregating up 
to `80,35,51,000 (Rupees Eighty Crores Thirty Five Lakhs 
Fifty One Thousand only), for cash, by way of a preferential 
 25 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 333]]
Sr.
No.
Names of the Proposed
Allottees
Category of
proposed Allottees
Number of 
Warrants
Amount (in Rs.)
1. Max Ventures Investment 
Holdings Pvt Ltd
Bodies Corporate (Promoter) 10,14,000 22,00,38,000
2. Singularity Equity Fund I Alternate Investment Fund
(Non-Promoter)
23,05,000 50,01,85,000
3. Paulastya Sachdev Individual
(Non-Promoter)
50,000 1,08,50,000
4. P&Y Capital T rust T rust
(Non-Promoter)
1,84,000 3,99,28,000
5. Reetha Shetty Individual
(Non-Promoter)
50,000 1,08,50,000
6. ANG Corporate Services 
Private Limited
Bodies Corporate
(Non-Promoter) 50,000
1,08,50,000
7. Kantilal Babulal Oswal Individual
(Non-Promoter)
50,000 1,08,50,000
T otal 37,03,000 80,35,51,000
d) Shareholding Pattern of the Company before and after the Preferential Issue:
 The table mentioned below shows the expected shareholding pattern of the Company consequent to issue of Warrants as per 
resolution at Item No. 8 to this notice and assuming conversion of all the Warrants (Convertible within a period of 9 (Nine) 
months from the date of allotment (unless mutually extended)) proposed to be allotted as per resolution at Item 8 above:
Sr. No. Category Pre-issue (Refer Notes below)  Issue of 
warrants (each 
warrant is 
convertible 
into one equity 
share) 
Post Issue of equity shares 
considering the conversion of 
warrants in (Refer Notes below)
 No of shares 
held 
% of share 
holding
 No of shares 
held 
% of share 
holding
A. Promoters’ holding      
1 Indian      
 Individual/HUF 11,11,962 2.13%  11,11,962 1.99%
 Family T rust      
 Any Other (Body 
Corporate)
2,50,57,338 48.01% 10,14,000 2,60,71,338 46.64%
 Sub-T otal (A) (1) 2,61,69,300 50.14% 10,14,000 2,71,83,300 48.63%
2 Foreign      
a) Bodies Corporate      
 Sub T otal (A) (2)      
 T otal Promoters and      
Promoters Group Holding 
(A)=(A)(1)+(A)(2)
issue to promoter and non-promoter category. 
 The Relevant Date as per Chapter V of the ICDR 
Regulations, for the determination of the floor price for 
Warrants to be issued is Monday, August 04, 2025 i.e. 
30 (thirty) days prior to the date of this annual general 
meeting. (“Relevant Date”)
c) Proposal / Intent of the promoters, directors, key 
management personnel or senior management 
personnel of the Company to subscribe to the offer:
  Apart from Proposed Allottee as mentioned in the table 
below, none of the promoters, members of the promoter 
group, the directors, key management personnel or 
senior management personnel intend to subscribe to any 
securities pursuant to this Preferential Issue:
26 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 334]]
Sr. No. Category Pre-issue (Refer Notes below)  Issue of 
warrants (each 
warrant is 
convertible 
into one equity 
share) 
Post Issue of equity shares 
considering the conversion of 
warrants in (Refer Notes below)
 No of shares 
held 
% of share 
holding
 No of shares 
held 
% of share 
holding
B. Non-Promoters’ holding:      
1 Institutional Investors      
 Mutual Funds 848 0.00%  848 0.00%
 Foreign Portfolio Investors 
(FPI)
36,99,636 7.09%  36,99,636 6.62%
 Alternate Investment Funds 4,92,198 0.94% 23,05,000 27,97,198 5.00%
 Banks 165 0.00%  165 0.00%
 NBFCs Registered with RBI 1,339 0.00%  1,339 0.00%
 Sub-T otal (B) (1) 41,94,186 8.04% 23,05,000 64,99,186 11.63%
2 Central Government/State      
Government(s)/ President 
of
India
3 Non-Institutions      
 Directors and Their 
Relatives
1,50,210 0.29%  1,50,210 0.27%
 Key Managerial Personnel 4,95,428 0.95%  4,95,428 0.89%
 T rusts  0.00%    
 Resident Individuals holding 
nominal share capital up to 
Rs. 2 lakhs
96,30,412 18.45%  96,30,412 17.23%
 Resident Individuals holding 
nominal share capital in 
excess of Rs. 2 lakhs
84,77,140 16.24% 1,50,000 86,27,140 15.43%
 Non-Resident Indians 13,79,785 2.64%  13,79,785 2.47%
 Foreign Nationals 103 0.00%  103 0.00%
 Foreign Companies 240 0.00%  240 0.00%
 Clearing Members 54,611 0.10%  54,611 0.10%
 Bodies Corporate 13,90,462 2.66% 50,000 14,40,462 2.58%
 Unclaimed or Suspense or 
Escrow Account
2,53,191 0.49%  2,53,191 0.45%
 Other – T rust 210 0.00% 1,84,000 1,84,210 0.33%
 Sub T otal (B)(3) 2,18,31,792 41.83% 3,84,000 2,22,15,792 39.74%
 PUBLIC SHAREHOLDING      
B(1)+B(2)+B3
C. Shares held by Custodian 
for
     
ADR and GDR
 TOTAL (A+B+C) 5,21,95,278 100.00% 37,03,000 5,58,98,278 100.00%
 Notes:
1. Pre-issue shareholding pattern has been prepared based on Shareholding of Company as on Friday, August 1, 2025.
2. Assuming the post issue holding of all the other shareholders will remain the same, as it was on the date, on which the 
Pre-issue shareholding pattern was prepared.
3. Assuming the conversion of warrants may happen in FY 2026-27.
4. Name of proposed allottees and the percentage of post preferential offer capital that may be held by them:
 27 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 335]]
Sr.
No.
Name of
Proposed
Allottees
Pre-issue Issue of 
Warrants
(each warrant 
is
convertible 
into
one equity 
share)
Post Issue of Equity Shares 
considering the conversion of 
Warrants in
FY 2026-27
No. of shares 
Held
% of 
shareholding
No. of shares 
Held
% of shareholding
1. Max Ventures 
Investment Holdings 
Pvt Ltd
2,14,79,127 41.15% 10,14,000 2,24,93,127 40.24%
2. Singularity Equity Fund I 42,198 0.08% 23,05,000 23,47,198 4.20%
3. Paulastya Sachdev 70,000 0.13% 50,000 1,20,000 0.21%
4.  P&Y Capital T rust 0 - 1,84,000 1,84,000 0.33%
5. Reetha Shetty 72,752 0.14% 50,000 1,22,752 0.22%
6.  ANG Corporate 
Services Private Limited
0 - 50,000 50,000 0.09%
7. Kantilal Babulal Oswal 37, 364 0.07% 50,000 87, 364 0.16%
e) Proposed time frame within which the preferential issue 
shall be completed:
 In accordance with the Regulation 170 of the ICDR 
Regulations, the Warrants, pursuant to the Preferential 
Issue, shall be allotted within a period of 15 (Fifteen) 
days from the date of approval of the members to the 
Preferential Issue at the AGM i.e. September 3, 2025, 
provided that where the said allotment is pending on 
account of pendency of any approval for such allotment by 
any  regulatory authority, the allotment shall be completed 
within a period of 15 (Fifteen) days from the date of receipt 
of last such approval.
f) Identity of the natural persons who are ultimate 
beneficial owners of the shares proposed to be allotted 
upon conversion of warrants and / or who ultimately 
control the proposed allottees:
 The details of the ultimate beneficial owners of the 
Proposed Allottees are as per the following table. For post 
issue share capital, please refer to paragraph (d) above.
S.
No.
Name and address of the proposed allottee Category (Promoter / Non-
Promoter)
Names of Ultimate Beneficial 
Owners of the proposed 
allottee(s)
1. Max Ventures Investment Holdings Pvt Ltd Promoter Mr. Analjit Singh
BAS Family T rust
Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani
Ms. Piya Singh
Mr. Veer Singh
2. Singularity Equity Fund I Non-Promoter Vistra ITCL (INDIA) Limited
3. Paulastya Sachdev Non-Promoter Not Applicable
4.  P&Y Capital T rust Non-Promoter Paulastya Sachdev
5. Reetha Shetty Non-Promoter Not Applicable
6.  ANG Corporate Services Private Limited Non-Promoter Santosh Kumar Gadia
Anshuman Khanna
Chaitanya Gadia
Neha Khanna
7. Kantilal Babulal Oswal Non-Promoter Not Applicable
g) Undertaking by the Company:
 The Company hereby undertakes that:
(i) It will re-compute the price of the Warrants, in terms 
of the provisions of the ICDR Regulations, as may be 
applicable; and
(ii) If the amount payable on account of re-computation 
of price of the Warrants is not paid within the time 
stipulated in the ICDR Regulations, as may be 
applicable, the Warrants shall continue to be locked 
in till the time such amount is paid by the Proposed 
Allottees.
28 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 336]]
h) Lock in:
 The Warrants, Equity Shares allotted to the Proposed 
Allottees upon conversion of the Warrants, including the 
pre-preferential allotment shareholding of the Proposed 
Allottees will be subject to applicable lock-in and transfer 
restrictions stipulated under Regulations 167, 167A and 
168 of the ICDR Regulations, as may be applicable.
i) The number of persons to whom allotment on preferential 
basis have already been made during the year, in terms 
of number of securities as well as price:
 During the Financial Y ear 2025-26, the Company has not 
made any allotment on preferential basis till date.
j) The justification for the allotment proposed to be made 
for consideration other than cash together with valuation 
report of the registered valuer:
 Not Applicable
k) Valuation for consideration other than cash:
 Not Applicable
l) The class or classes of persons to whom the allotment is 
proposed to be made
 The allotment is proposed to be made to individuals, 
trust, AIF and bodies Corporate (Proposed Allottees), 
which comprises of both Promoter and Non-Promoter, as 
identified at paragraph c) above.
m) Current and proposed status of the allottee(s) post the 
preferential issues namely, promoter or non-promoter:
 The current status of Proposed Allottees as mentioned 
in the relevant resolution will remain unchanged post the 
Preferential Issue.
n) Basis on which the price has been arrived at, justification 
for the price (including premium, if any):
 The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and BSE Limited 
(“BSE”) (collectively referred as “Stock Exchange”). 
The Equity Shares are frequently traded in terms of 
ICDR Regulations. Further, the Articles of Association of 
the Company don’t contain any article which provides 
for determination of price in case of preferential issue.  
The Relevant Date is Monday, August 04, 2025, for 
determination of the floor price of the Warrants to be 
issued.
 For computation of the floor price per Warrant, NSE is the 
Stock Exchange that had highest trading volume during the 
period of 90 trading days or more from the Relevant Date 
and accordingly the same is considered as a recognised 
Stock Exchange under ICDR Regulations for the purpose of 
arriving at the price of Warrants. 
 Currently, ICDR Regulations, provides that the pricing for 
the issue of convertible securities on preferential basis by a 
listed Company is to be based on the following parameters:
(A) Since the equity shares of the Company are frequently 
traded shares, the floor price of the Warrants has been 
determined as per the pricing formula prescribed 
under the Regulations 164(1) of the ICDR Regulations 
which shall not be less than higher of the following:
i) the 90 trading days volume weighted average 
price of the related equity shares quoted on 
the recognized stock exchange preceding the 
Relevant Date, i.e., Rs. 193.80  (Indian Rupees 
One Hundred and Ninety Three and Eighty Paisa 
Only) per Equity Share; or
ii) the 10 trading days volume weighted average 
price of the related equity shares quoted on 
a recognized stock exchange preceding the 
Relevant Date, i.e., Rs. 216.63 (Indian Rupees T wo 
hundred and Sixteen and Sixty Three Paisa Only) 
per Equity Share;
 In terms of the provisions of Regulation 164(1) of 
ICDR Regulations, the minimum price at which 
the warrants may be issued computes to Rs. 
216.63 (Indian Rupees T wo hundred and Sixteen 
and Sixty Three Paisa Only) each.
(B) One of the proposed allottee, Singularity Equity Fund 
I, is a registered Alternative Investment Fund (AIF) 
and qualifies as a Qualified Institutional Buyer as per 
ICDR Regulations. Therefore, in terms of Regulation 
164(4) of the ICDR Regulations, the floor price shall 
be made at a price not less the 10 trading days volume 
weighted average price of the related equity shares 
quoted on a recognized stock exchange preceding 
the Relevant Date, i.e., Rs. 216.63 (Indian Rupees T wo 
hundred and Sixteen and Sixty Three Paisa Only) per 
Equity Share.
(C) The floor price determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the Articles of Association of the 
Company. Since the Articles of Association of the 
Company does not mention the formula or calculation 
of price to be determined for this purpose, this is not 
applicable to the Company.
 Basis the aforesaid, the minimum floor price for issue of 
Warrants as calculated as per above points (A), (B) or (C) 
in accordance with Regulation 161, 164(1) and 164(4) of 
Chapter V of the ICDR Regulations is Rs. 216.63 (Indian 
Rupees T wo hundred and Sixteen and Sixty Three Paisa 
Only) per Equity Share;
 In view of the above, the Board has approved and fixed the 
 29 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 337]]
issue price of ` 217 /- (Rupees T wo Hundred and Seventeen 
only) per Warrant.
o) Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary:
 A copy of the certificate from Jai Bohra & Associates, 
Practicing Company Secretary certifying that the issue is 
being made in accordance with the requirements of the 
ICDR Regulations, shall be made available for electronic 
inspection by the Members during the meeting and will 
also be made available on the Company’s website and will 
be accessible at https:/ / maxindia.com.
p) Principal terms of assets charged as securities:
 Not applicable.
q) Change in control, if any, in the Company consequent to 
the preferential issue:
 As a result of the proposed Preferential Issue, there will be 
no change in the control or management of the Company. 
However, voting rights will change in tandem with the 
change in shareholding pattern of the Company.
r)   Other disclosures:
1. All the Equity Shares held by the Proposed Allottees in 
the Company are in dematerialized form only;
2. The Proposed Allottee including  the  promoter have 
not sold any Equity Shares of the Company during the 
90 T rading Days preceding the Relevant Date;
3. No person belonging to the promoters has previously 
subscribed to any warrants of the Company and or 
failed to exercise them;
4. Neither the promoter, nor any of the directors of the 
Company are categorized as a fugitive economic 
offender, as defined under the ICDR Regulations; 
5. Neither the Company, nor any of the promoter of the 
Company nor any of the directors of the Company, 
nor the Proposed Allottees or their beneficial owners 
are categorized as wilful defaulters or fraudulent 
borrower as defined under the ICDR Regulations; 
6. The Company is eligible to make the preferential issue 
under Chapter V of the ICDR Regulations;
7. The Company is in compliance with the conditions of 
continuous listing of equity shares as specified in the 
listing agreement with the Stock Exchange(s) where 
the equity shares of the Company are listed; and
8. As on date of this Notice, as per the information, 
documents, and records available and to the best 
of the knowledge, the Company does not have any 
outstanding dues to the Securities Exchange Board of 
India, BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited and the Depositories.
9.   Since the equity shares of the Company are listed on 
the Stock Exchanges and the Preferential Issue is not 
more than 5% (five percent) of the post issue fully  
diluted share capital of the Company to an allotee 
or to allottee acting in concert, therefore a valuation 
report from an independent registered valuer is not 
required under the provisions of the second proviso 
to Rule 13(1) of the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014 for the Preferential Issue, 
and under the applicable provisions of SEBI ICDR 
Regulations.
 All material terms of the Preferential Issue have been set 
out above.
 The issue of Warrants and Equity Shares upon conversion 
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of the 
Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association 
of the Company and shall be made in a dematerialized 
format only.
 The Board of Directors of the Company believes that the 
proposed Preferential Issue is in the best interest of the 
Company and the Shareholders and therefore recommends 
passing of the resolution as set out at Item No. 8 of the 
accompanying Notice as a Special Resolution.
 No Director, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives 
is/ are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise in the resolution as set out at Item No. 8 
of this Notice except Mr. Analjit Singh, and Ms. T ara 
Singh Vachani, Non-Executive Directors, who are the 
shareholder and Director of Max Ventures Investment 
Holdings Private Limited (proposed allottee) to the extent 
of their shareholding in the Company, if any, to whom the 
resolution relates is interested in or concerned with the 
resolution proposed at Item no. 8.
Item no. 9
Shifting of the Registered Office of the Company
The members are requested to note that the Company’s 
registered office is currently situated at 167, Floor 1,Plot-167A, 
Ready Money Mansion, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai, 
Maharashtra- 400018.
Given that the significant part of the Company’s operations is 
administered through its corporate office in National Capital 
Region (NCR) of Delhi including that of its subsidiaries, 
therefore, in view of administrative & operational convenience, 
the Company with consent of the members and subject to 
the approval of the Central Government propose to shift its 
Registered Office from State of Maharashtra to NCT of Delhi. 
The aforesaid shifting of the registered office will result in 
change in the jurisdiction from the Registrar of Companies, 
Mumbai to the jurisdiction of Registrar of Companies, National 
Capital T erritory of Delhi and Haryana.
30 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 338]]
The members shall further note that the Board of Directors 
of your Company has approved the aforesaid proposal by 
unanimously passing a resolution on August 05, 2025. Further, 
the said proposal shall not be detrimental to the interests of 
the stakeholders of the Company including but not limited to 
its shareholders, creditors or employees, and/ or the public at 
large in any manner whatsoever.
ln terms of the provisions of Section 12 and 13 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with rules made thereunder, an approval of the 
members of the Company by way of Special Resolution, which 
is subject to the approval by Central Government (powers are 
delegated to the Regional Director), Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs and/ or other appropriate authorities, shall be required 
for shifting the registered office of the Company from one state 
to another state and consequent changes in the Memorandum 
of Association of the Company.
A copy of the restated Memorandum of Association of the 
Company along with this notice shall be open for inspection in 
electronic form for the duration of the meeting.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Company or their relatives are concerned or interested 
financially or otherwise, in the aforesaid resolution, except to 
the extent of their shareholding in the Company, if any.
Y our Directors recommend the resolution as set out under Item 
no. 9 of the notice for your approval by way of passing a Special 
Resolution.
Item no. 10
Material related party transaction(s) between Antara Senior 
Living Limited and Contend Builders Private Limited: 
As per Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, (‘SEBI LODR Regulations’), all Related Party 
transactions, if material, require prior approval of members of 
the Company, even if such transactions were in the ordinary 
course of business and at arms’ length. Further, in terms 
of SEBI LODR Regulations, “related party transaction” for a 
listed company includes a transaction involving a transfer 
of resources, services or obligations between any of the 
subsidiaries of the listed entity on one hand and a related party 
of the subsidiaries on the other hand. Further, in terms of SEBI 
LODR Regulations, a transaction with a related party shall 
be considered as a material related party transaction, if the 
transaction(s) to be entered into individually or taken together 
with previous transactions during a financial year, exceeds Rs 
1,000 Crores or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the 
listed entity as per the last audited financial statements of the 
listed entity, whichever is lower.
Arising from the above regulations, the existing contracts/ 
arrangements/ transactions between Antara Senior Living 
Limited, a Wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and 
Contend Builders Private Limited, an Associate Company of 
Antara Senior Living Limited would qualify as material related 
party transactions under SEBI LODR Regulations.
Background of the transaction 
Contend Builders Private Limited (“CBPL”) is a Joint Venture 
between Logix Infra Developers Private Limited (Logix), Holding 
Company of CBPL and Antara Senior Living Limited (ASLL), 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Max India Limited. CBPL, ASLL 
and Logix, hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Parties”.
CBPL is developing a Senior-Living residential project by the 
name of “ANTARA NOIDA” in Sector 150, Gautam Buddh 
Nagar, Noida – 201310, Uttar Pradesh comprising of residential 
apartments along with various amenities (hereinafter referred 
to as the “Project”). 
The transaction between CBPL, ASLL and Logix involves ASLL 
as Manager to provide Management & Marketing Services in 
consideration of the Management Fees and reimbursement of 
manpower cost in the form of Secondment fees. ASLL shall also 
facilitate project financing as per requirement. 
The aforesaid transaction was originally approved by the 
shareholders of the Company in the 4 th Annual General 
Meeting held on August 22, 2023 and in compliance with 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”), the same was 
subsequently approved for Financial Y ear 2024-25 by the 
shareholders vide postal ballot on February 28, 2024 and 
further by the shareholders vide postal ballot on February 6, 
2025 . These transactions were entered at arm’s length and 
are continuing as per the agreement executed at that point 
in time. 
Since the transaction is of continuing nature and similar 
arrangements shall continue between ASLL and CBPL during 
FY 2025-26. The Board recommends the resolution as set out 
at item No. 10 by way of passing of an Ordinary Resolution.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
or their respective relatives are concerned or interested financially 
or otherwise except to the extent of their shareholding, if any in 
the Company..
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of 
the SEBI LODR Regulations, the related parties as defined 
thereunder (whether such related party(ies) is a party to 
the aforesaid transactions or not), shall not vote to approve 
Resolution set out at Item No. 10.
The relevant details of material related party transactions and 
other particulars thereof in terms of SEBI LODR Regulations 
read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/
CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, for which members’ 
approval is sought are outlined below:
 31 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 339]]
Sr. No. Particulars Details of transactions
1. Name of the related party and relationship The material related party transaction is between Antara 
Senior Living Limited (‘ASLL’), a Wholly Owned Subsidiary 
of Max India Limited (MIL) and Associate Company of 
ASLL i.e. Contend Builders Private Limited (‘CBPL’). 
2. Details about the T ransactions, their material terms,  
maximum amount of transaction for which approval 
is sought, the percentage of the listed entity’s annual 
consolidated turnover, for the immediately preceding 
financial year, that is represented by the value of the 
proposed transaction and the percentage calculated on the 
basis of the subsidiary’s annual turnover on a standalone 
basis. 
ASLL shall execute following transactions (excluding 
applicable taxes) with CBPL during FY 25-26, in terms of 
arrangements / agreements stated above:
1. ASLL is entitled to receive from CBPL, 10% of all 
receivables (as described above) of the project towards 
Project Development Fee. The estimated sum to be 
received in this regard shall be upto Rs. 25 Cr.
 ~ 17.18 % of the consolidated turnover of Max India as 
on March 31, 2025
 ~ 112.06 % of the standalone turnover of ASLL as on 
March 31, 2025
2. For synergizing the talent, ASLL has seconded a few 
of its team members to CBPL. The cost of such team 
members shall be recovered from CBPL based various 
activities done by them for CBPL. The estimated sum 
to be received in this regard in the form of secondment 
fee shall be upto Rs. 2 Cr.
 ~ 1.37% of the consolidated turnover of Max India as 
on March 31, 2025
~ 8.96 % of the standalone turnover of ASLL as on 
March 31, 2025
3. ASLL shall incur certain administrative expenses 
which shall be reimbursed by CBPL to ASLL. The 
estimated sum to be received in this regard shall be 
upto Rs. 0.05 Cr.
~ 0.03 % of the consolidated turnover of Max India as 
on March 31, 2025
~0.22 % of the standalone turnover of ASLL as on 
March 31, 2025
4. ASLL shall arrange for the project finance for 
development of the project. Accordingly, an Inter 
Corporate Deposit (ICD) of Rs.200 Cr. is estimated to 
be provided to CBPL by ASLL in one or more tranches 
during FY 2025-26.
~137.48 % of the consolidated turnover of Max India 
as on March 31, 2025
~896.46 % of the standalone turnover of ASLL as on 
March 31, 2025.
5. Interest income on ICD to be received by ASLL from 
CBPL, is estimated at Rs. 34 Cr.
~ 23.37 % of the consolidated turnover of Max India 
as on March 31, 2025.
~ 152.40 % of the standalone turnover of ASLL as on 
March 31, 2025.
32 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 340]]
Sr. No. Particulars Details of transactions
3. Value of the proposed transactions The maximum amount for each transaction has been 
specified in Sr. No. 2 above.
As some of the above transactions are futuristic in nature 
and cannot be foreseeable for any particular term, it may 
not be possible for the Company to provide an explicit 
monetary value to such transactions at this juncture. 
However, the estimated value of each of the RPT s have 
been provided at Sr. no. 2.
4. Nature of concern or interest of the related party (financial/
otherwise) 
Financial 
5. T enure of the proposed transaction Approval is sought for material RPT s proposed to be 
undertaken during the Financial Y ear 2025-26.
6. If the transaction relates to any loans, inter-corporate 
deposits, advance or investments made or given by the 
listed entity or its subsidiary: 
As per the terms agreed between the parties, the 
project finance shall be arranged by ASLL in the form of 
borrowings from scheduled commercial Banks or other 
financial institutions or by any other permissible mode 
including but not limited to internal accruals, own funds or 
inter corporate loans or any other means whatsoever. The 
finance so arranged shall be given by ASLL to CBPL, in the 
form of Inter Corporate Deposit (ICD) or arranged to be 
disbursed directly to CBPL, as the case may be. 
In the event, any corporate guarantee is required as 
security in relation to borrowings proposed to be availed 
from Banks/Financial institutions, the same shall be 
provided by ASLL. 
(i) details of the source of funds in connection with the 
proposed transaction
(ii) where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make or 
give loans, interoperate deposits, advances or investments, 
nature of indebtedness; cost of funds; and tenure
(iii) Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if 
secured, the nature of security 
The rate of interest on ICD given by the ASLL to CBPL will 
be in compliance with the provisions of Section 186 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. Parties shall mutually agree on the 
tenure, repayment terms and other terms of the loan.
(iv) The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the 
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the related 
party transactions
The funds shall be utilised by CBPL for all project related 
expenses including but not limited to payment of land dues, 
construction payments and all marketing, consultants and 
other project related expenses.
7. Justification as to why the related party transaction is in the 
interest of the listed entity
The proposed transactions are in line with the commercial 
arrangement executed between ASLL and CBPL.  All these 
transactions are in the normal course of business and has 
been made as per the rights and obligations of ASLL and 
CBPL arising from the said commercial arrangement and 
the same is in the best interest of the completion of the 
Project.
8. Valuation or other external party report Not Applicable.   
9. Percentage of the counter-party’s annual consolidated 
turnover that is represented by the value of the proposed 
RPT
Not Applicable.   
By Order of the Board
For Max India Limited
Place: Gurugram Trapti
Company Secretary
 Membership No.: A34747
Date:   August 5, 2025
Regd. Office: 167, Floor 1, Plot-167A, Ready Money Mansion, 
Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli Mumbi- 400018
 33 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 341]]
Annexure-A
Details of Directors requires to be appointed/re-appointed as stipulated under SEBI Listing Regulations and 
Secretarial Standards-2
Sr. No Particulars Mr. Mohit T alwar Mr. Rajit Mehta Mr. Niten Malhan
1 DIN 02394694 01604819 00614624
2 Date of Birth September 17, 1959 April 21, 1962 August 2, 1971
3 Age 65 Y ears 63 Y ears 54 Y ears
4 Date of Appointment on the Board June 1, 2020 January 15, 2021 February 01, 2021
5. Brief resume covering
Qualification and nature of expertise 
in Functional areas and experience
Mr. Mohit T alwar is a post-graduate from 
St. Stephen’s College. He brings a wealth of 
experience of over 40 years in Corporate Finance 
and Investment Banking. He spent 24 years in 
Wholesale Banking in Standard Chartered, ANZ 
Grindlays and Bank of Nova Scotia. Prior to this, 
he spent almost 6 years with the Oberoi Group.
Mr. T alwar joined Max Financial Services Limited 
(“MFSL”) on November 1, 2007, as Director-
Business Development. He was appointed as the 
Deputy Managing Director of MFSL on February 
14, 2012. Mr. T alwar was thereafter elevated as 
the Managing Director of MFSL with effect from 
January 15, 2016, for a period of five years.
Further, Mr. T alwar was also appointed as the 
Managing Director of Erstwhile Max India Limited 
for a period of five years with effect from January 
15, 2016.
He was also the Vice Chairman of Max Group 
of companies. During his tenure with the Max 
Group, he successfully leveraged his relationships 
with institutional investors, hedge funds, banks
and private equity firms and led several complex 
corporate finance and financial structuring deals 
to ensure adequate investment and liquidity for 
the Group’s operations.
Given his wealth of experience and the critical 
matters which are handled by him, the Board of 
Directors of MFSL engaged him as a Business 
Advisor to MFSL on completion of his term as the 
Managing Director of the Company with effect 
from January 15, 2023.
Mr T alwar is also an avid golfer. He has 
participated and won several tournaments in India 
and abroad.
Mr. Rajit Mehta is the Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Officer of Antara Senior 
Living Ltd., a subsidiary of Max India Limited 
that pioneers the concept of ‘Age in Place’ by 
developing senior living communities. He is also 
the Managing Director of Max India Ltd and 
provides oversight/ advisory for the HR function 
across the Max Group. 
Rajit is the Chairman of ASLI (Association of 
Senior Living organizations in India) and the 
founding board member of Dementia India 
Alliance (DIA), a non-profit organization. He is 
also an Independent Director on the board of Dr 
Lal PathLabs and a Member of the Accreditation 
Board for the Healthcare Sector Skill Council. 
As Antara’s MD and CEO, Rajit is spearheading 
its strategy to create an integrated care 
ecosystem for Seniors. Under his leadership 
Antara has expanded its residences for Seniors 
business, launched Antara Assisted Care 
Services comprising Care Homes, Memory 
Care Homes, and Care at Home verticals. In late 
2023, Antara launched its products business, 
AGEasy, which is an online/ offline store for 
products and solutions for Seniors to help them 
manage chronic conditions. The mission is to 
help Seniors age with ease and joy. In the last 
few years, the market cap of Max India has grown  
~3x, from `300 crs to ~`1000 crs. 
Previously, Rajit has served as the MD & CEO for 
Max Healthcare where he led a transformation 
journey for Max Healthcare through a 5C 
framework, comprising Care, Clinical Excellence, 
Cohesion, Commitment and Compliance. He 
also successfully helped Max Healthcare achieve 
its vision of being the most admired healthcare 
company in India known for clinical and service 
excellence. Under Rajit’s leadership, MHC 
made two large acquisitions which significantly 
increased its footprint in NCR. He led the seeding 
of alternate business models in Home Care, 
Diagnostics and Oncology Day care, keeping 
in mind emerging trends and to secure future 
growth. Under his watch, the company doubled its 
earnings (EBITDA), revenue and valuation within 
a 5-year period. 
Rajit has also been a founder member of Max Life 
Insurance and was instrumental in helping Max 
Life become an admired and profitable Company. 
Mr. Niten Malhan is the founder and partner 
of New Mark Advisors LLP, an investment firm 
focused on bringing a private markets approach to 
investing in the public markets. Prior to founding 
New Mark Advisors LLP in April 2018, he was the 
managing director and cohead of India at Warburg 
Pincus India Private Limited (“Warburg Pincus”), a 
global private equity firm. 
Mr. Malhan joined Warburg Pincus in 2001 and 
became a partner at the firm in 2007. In 2012, he 
was appointed the co-head of the India business, 
co-leading a team of 15 investment professionals 
and a portfolio of over $3 billion in value. Between 
2012 and 2017, Mr. Malhan was also a member 
of the global executive management group of the 
firm, a group of senior partners who lead different 
offices and industry groups at Warburg Pincus. 
Prior to joining Warburg Pincus, he worked as 
director of business development at Stratum 8, a 
Silicon Valley technology start-up company. Before 
that, he was an engagement manager at McKinsey 
& Company, and worked in the India, South East 
Asia and Boston offices of the firm. 
Mr. Malhan has served as member of the board of 
directors of several investee companies including 
Alliance Tire Company, Avtech, Cleanmax Solar, 
DB Corp, Diligent Power Private Limited, Embassy 
Industrial Parks, Havells India Limited, Laurus Labs, 
Lemon T ree Hotels, Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
and Sintex Industries Limited. 
He currently serves as an Independent Director 
on the boards of Max Estates Limited, Lemon 
T ree Hotels Limited, Max India Limited, Antara 
Senior Living Limited, Antara Purukul Senior Living 
Limited, Antara Assisted Care Services Limited and 
Fleur Hotels Private Limited. Mr. Malhan has also 
served as the vice-chairman of the Indian Venture 
Capital and Private Equity Association and is a 
Founder and T rustee of Plaksha University. 
Mr. Malhan studied Computer Science & 
Engineering at Indian Institute of T echnology, 
New Delhi, and completed his Post Graduate 
Diploma in Management from Indian Institute of 
Management, Ahmedabad.
34 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 342]]
Sr. No Particulars Mr. Mohit T alwar Mr. Rajit Mehta Mr. Niten Malhan
During his tenure at Max Life as Chief Operating 
Officer, he undertook additional responsibilities 
as the Chief T ransformation Officer and provided 
oversight on execution of key initiatives; designing 
and implementing new work systems; aligning 
key stakeholders; rationalising the cost structure 
to improve profitability; and laying down a 
comprehensive change management agenda. 
Rajit has played a strategic role in helping Max 
Life expand its distribution footprint across 
India including facilitating a project to “Revamp 
Sales processes”. The project culminated in Rajit 
co-authoring a book titled “Growth Leadership 
Practices at Max Life”. He was also the co-
lead for Project Max Vijay, an innovative retail 
business model aimed at providing protection 
and long-term wealth creation opportunities to 
the underserved segments in India. The initiative 
was recognized with the Golden Peacock Award 
at London in September 2008 and Asia Insurance 
Industry Award – Innovation of the year in 
Singapore in November 2009. 
During his tenure as Chief Operating Officer, Max 
Life progressed its Quality & Service Excellence 
journey. This included putting a Service Blueprint 
in place, implementing a comprehensive 
outsourcing strategy to impact customer 
experience and cost and embedding the Max 
Performance framework in the business. 
Rajit mentored the setting up of Max Skill First 
(MSF), which was providing learning and skilling 
solutions to all Max Group companies as well as 
to a few external organisations in the financial 
services space. 
Prior to Max Life Insurance, he was the Director – 
Personnel at Bank of America and has also worked 
with HCL. His total experience spans 3 decades. 
Rajit is a graduate in Commerce, postgraduate 
in Human Resources and has also attended an 
Advanced Management Program at INSEAD 
– France. He is the recipient of the Chairman’s 
Award at Max Life Insurance. 
6 Related to any Other Director/KMPs 
of the Company
There is no inter-se relationship between Mr. Mohit T alwar, Mr. Rajit Mehta and Mr. Niten Malhan and other Directors/ KMP’s of the Company.
7 Nature of Expertise and Experience As mentioned in brief profile.
8 Directorships held in other 
Companies
as on date
• Max Life Insurance Company Ltd • Antara Senior Living Limited
• Windows Consultants Private Limited
• Interstoff Syndicate Private Limited
• Max Skill First Limited
• Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited
• Antara Assisted Care Services Limited
• Association of Senior Living India
• Dr. Lal Path Labs Limited
• Altacura Ai Absolute Return Fund LLP
• Dementia India Alliance
• Max Estates Limited
• NNA CRE Properties LLP
• New Mark Advisors LLP
• Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX, LP (WP IX)
• Warburg Pincus (Bermuda) Private Equity IX, LP (WP 
IX)
• Warburg Pincus X Partners, LP
• Warburg Pincus X (E&P) Partners B, LP
• Warburg Pincus (Bermuda) X Partners, LP
• WPRE I Partners, LP
• Warburg Pincus X Partners, LP (2007)
• Warburg Pincus X (E&P) Partners B, LP (2007)
• Warburg Pincus (Bermuda) X Partners, LP (2007)
• Warburg Pincus XI Partners, LP (2007)
• Warburg Pincus XI (E&P) Partners B, LP (2007)
• Warburg Pincus XI Partners (Cayman), LP (2007)
• Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX, LP (2011)
• Warburg Pincus (Bermuda) Private Equity IX, LP (2011)
• Warburg Pincus XI Partners, LP (2011)
• Warburg Pincus XI (E&P) Partners B, LP (2011)
• Warburg Pincus XI Partners (Cayman), LP (2011)
• Warburg Pincus Private Equity VIII, LP (2007)
• WP-WP VIII Investors LP
• New Mark Capital Limited
• New Mark India Fund
• Max India Limited
• Lemon T ree Hotels Limited
• New Mark Services LLP
• New Mark Capital AIF LLP
• Antara Senior Living Limited
• Antara Assisted Care Services Limited
• Antara Purukul Senior Living Limited
• Max Asset Services Limited
• Warburg Pincus Energy Partners (Cayman), L.P.
• Warburg Pincus Energy (E&P) Partners - B, L.P.
• Warburg Pincus Energy Partners, L.P.
 35 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 343]]
Sr. No Particulars Mr. Mohit T alwar Mr. Rajit Mehta Mr. Niten Malhan
• Warburg Pincus Global Growth Partners (Cayman), 
L.P.
• Warburg Pincus Global Growth Partners (E&P) -2, 
L.P.
• Warburg Pincus Global Growth Partners, L.P.
• Warburg Pincus XI (E&P) Partners-B, L.P.
• Warburg Pincus XI Partners, L.P
• Warburg Pincus XI Partners (Cayman), L.P
• Warburg Pincus XI Partners (International), L.P
• Warburg Pincus XII Partners (Cayman), L.P
• Warburg Pincus XII (E&P) Partners - 2, L.P
• Warburg Pincus XII Partners (FT-2), L.P
• Warburg Pincus XII Partners (International), L.P
• Warburg Pincus XII Partners, L.P
• WP DVT, L.P.
• WP Global Growth 14 Partners (Cayman), L.P.
• WP Global Growth 14 Partners (Chai), L.P.
• WP Global Growth 14 Partners (E&P)-2, L.P.
• WP Global Growth 14 Partners (Indigo), L.P.
• WP Global Growth 14 Partners (International), L.P.
• WP Global Growth 14 Partners, L.P.
• Acreage Builders Private Limited
• Max Square Limited
9 Resignation from listed entities in the 
past three years
Mr. Mohit T alwar resigned from Max Financial 
Services Limited w.e.f. January 14, 2023.
Mr. Rajit Metha not resigned from any listed 
company in the past three years
Mr. Niten Malhan not resigned from any listed 
company in the past three years
10 Memberships/ Chairmanship of 
committees of other companies 
as on date (includes only Audit 
Committee
And Stakeholders Relationship
Committee)
None None Max India Limited – Chairman of Audit Committee 
Member
Max India Limited – Member of Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee
Max Estates Limited - Member of Audit Committee 
Member 
11 Shareholding in the Company 1,26,227 equity shares of face value  
Rs. 10/- each
2,73,856 equity shares of face value Rs. 10/- each None
12 T erms and Conditions of 
Appointment
Directors retired by rotation and being eligible 
offer himself for re-appointment as Director.
Mr. Rajit Mehta re-appointed as Managing 
Director of the Company as per the terms detailed 
in the resolution.
Mr. Niten Malhan re-appointed as Non-executive 
Independent Director of the Company, not liable to 
retire by rotation.
13 Remuneration The details of remuneration paid to Mr. Mohit T alwar, Mr. Rajit Mehta and Mr. Niten Malhan (including sitting fees) during the FY 2024-25, have been 
mentioned in the Report on Corporate Governance forming part of the Board’s Report.
14 No. of Board Meetings Attended 
during the FY 2024-25
4 /4 4 /4 4 /4
36 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 344]]
Annexure-B
I. GENERAL INFORMATION:
 Nature of Industry: The Company is a part of the leading Indian multi-business conglomerate Max Group and is engaged, inter-
alia, in the activity of holding and nurturing of investments in Senior Living businesses through its Wholly Owned Subsidiary 
Companies and providing management consultancy services to other group companies. 
II. Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production: Not applicable as the Company is not involved in any 
manufacturing activity. 
III. In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by financial institutions 
appearing in the prospectus. :Not applicable. 
IV. Financial performance based on given indicators: 
 The Financial performance of the Company for the last two financial years is as under
Amount (in Cr.) 
Particulars Standalone (Audited) Consolidated(Audited)
FY 2025 FY 2024 FY 2025 FY 2024
T otal income 20.79 32.26 164.17 194.74
T otal expenses 21.72 27. 23 264.02 230.05
EBITDA (0.93) 5.03 (99.85) (35.31)
Depreciation and amortisation expense 2.78 2.68 18.82 10.15
Finance costs 0.80 0.59 8.06 4.67
Profit/(Loss) before exceptional item, share of loss 
in joint ventures and tax
(4.51) 1.76 (126.73) (50.13)
Share of loss of joint ventures - - 0.75 1.08
Exceptional item 0.05 (0.12) (12.60) 0.02
Profit/(Loss) before tax (4.46) 1.64 (138.58) (49.03)
T ax expense (0.31) 0.41 1.81 7. 35
Profit/(Loss) after tax (4.15) 1.23 (140.39) (56.38)
V. Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: None 
VI.  INFORMATION ABOUT THE APPOINTEE:
a) Background Details: As per the details stated in the 
explanatory statement.
b) Past Remuneration: 
i. During Financial year 2024-25, Mr. Analjit Singh 
has drawn `3,00,00,000 as gross compensation 
from the Company, along with `4 Lakhs as sitting 
fees for attending Board/Committee meeting. 
ii. During Financial year 2024-25, Mr. Rajit Mehta 
has drawn `7,39,80,297 as gross compensation 
from the Company. 
c) Recognition or Awards: 
i. Mr. Analjit Singh was awarded the Padma 
Bhushan, India’s second highest civilian honour, 
by the President of India in 2011. An alumnus 
of The Doon School and Shri Ram College of 
Commerce, University of Delhi, Mr. Analjit Singh 
also holds an MBA degree from the Graduate 
School of Management, Boston University. He 
has been conferred with an honorary doctorate 
by Amity University. 
ii. Mr. Rajit Mehta has been a founder member 
of Max Life Insurance and was instrumental 
in helping Max Life become an admired and 
profitable Company. 
 During his tenure at Max Life as Chief Operating 
Officer, he undertook additional responsibilities 
as the Chief T ransformation Officer and provided 
oversight on execution of key initiatives; 
designing and implementing new work systems; 
aligning key stakeholders; rationalising the cost 
structure to improve profitability; and laying 
 37 
NOTICE
[[PAGE 345]]
down a comprehensive change management 
agenda. Rajit has played a strategic role in helping 
Max Life expand its distribution footprint across 
India including facilitating a project to “Revamp 
Sales processes”. The project culminated in Rajit 
co-authoring a book titled “Growth Leadership 
Practices at Max Life”. He was also the co-
lead for Project Max Vijay, an innovative retail 
business model aimed at providing protection 
and long-term wealth creation opportunities to 
the underserved segments in India. The initiative 
was recognized with the Golden Peacock 
Award at London in September 2008 and Asia 
Insurance Industry Award – Innovation of the 
year in Singapore in November 2009.
d) Job Profile and his Suitability: As per the details 
stated in the explanatory statement. 
e) Remuneration Proposed: The details of the 
compensation proposed are set out in the enabling 
resolutions. 
f) Comparative remuneration Profile with respect to 
Industry, size of the Company, profile of the position 
and person: Considering the size of the Company 
(including businesses of its operational subsidiary 
Companies), the profile of Mr. Analjit Singh and Mr. 
Rajit Mehta, the responsibilities shouldered by them 
and the industry benchmarks, the compensation 
proposed to be paid to them is commensurate with 
the remuneration packages paid to similar senior level 
counterpart(s) in other companies. 
g) Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with 
the Company, or relationship with the managerial 
personnel, if any or other director.: 
i. Except to the extent of his shareholding in the 
Company, gross compensation payable as per 
approval of Members and sitting fee payable for 
attending the Board and Committee meetings 
and reimbursement of expenses payable for 
attending meetings of the Company, if any, 
Mr. Analjit Singh does not have any pecuniary 
relationship directly or indirectly with the 
Company or with the managerial personnel of 
the Company. Mr. Analjit Singh is the father of 
Mrs. T ara Singh Vachani, Non-executive Director 
& Vice Chairperson of the Company. 
ii. Except to the extent of his shareholding in the 
Company, gross compensation payable as per 
approval of Members, Mr. Rajit Mehta does 
not have any pecuniary relationship directly 
or indirectly with the Company or with the 
managerial personnel of the Company.  
VII.  OTHER INFORMATION:
a) Reasons of loss or inadequate profits: The Company 
was incorporated on January 23, 2019, as a wholly 
owned subsidiary of erstwhile Max India Limited, 
under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
Pursuant to the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation 
and Arrangement amongst erstwhile Max India 
Limited, Max Healthcare Institute Limited, Radiant 
Life Care Private Limited and Max India Limited (the 
Company) and their respective shareholders and 
creditors (“the Scheme”) approved by the Hon’ble 
NCL T, Mumbai vide its Order dated January 17, 
2020, the Allied Health and Associated Activities 
Undertaking as defined under the Scheme was 
demerged from the erstwhile Max India Limited 
and vested into the Company with effect from the 
Appointed Date i.e. February 1, 2019. 
After the Scheme becoming effective June 1, 2020, 
the activities of making, holding and nurturing 
investments of Erstwhile Max India Limited in allied 
health and associated activities represented by 
companies as more specifically listed in the scheme 
coupled with its management consultancy services, 
including related employees, contracts, assets and 
liabilities, (collectively referred to as “Allied Health 
and Associated Activities” and defined in the 
Scheme), were vested into our Company. 
Prior to the Scheme becoming effective, the Company 
did not carry out any activity. Being the initial years of 
operations, the Company has inadequate profits.
b) Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement: 
The Company has been taking all measures within 
its control to maximize overall efficiencies of its 
operations and minimising various fixed and variable 
costs. Further, the Company is also undertaking 
various new business initiatives through its subsidiary 
companies. These initiatives are expected to provide 
return to all stakeholders upon reaching to a sizeable 
level. 
c) Expected increase in productivity and profit in 
measurable terms: It is difficult to forecast the 
profitability in measurable terms. However, the 
Company expects that the profitability shall improve 
in times to come. 
38 
NOTICE