
[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
Date: November 14, 2025 
Ref. No.: KDL/SE/078/2025-26 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 543328 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
NSE Symbol: KRSNAA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 for Transcript of Earnings Call for quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call held with the analyst and 
investors on Monday, November 10, 2025 at 10:00 Hrs. (IST) to discuss the Unaudited (Standalone and 
Consolidated) Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company. 
Request you to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
Sujoy Sudipta Bose 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 

[[PAGE 2]]
 
 Page 1 of 21 
  
 
 
“Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
M
ANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDRA MUTHA – CHAIRMAN AND 
WHOLETIME DIRECTOR, KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS 
LIMITED 
MR. YASH MUTHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, KRSNAA 
DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MS. PALLAVI BHATEVARA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MR. MITESH DAVE – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MR. PAWAN DAGA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK JAIN – HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS), 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MR. SURYA PATRA – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

[[PAGE 3]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen , good day, and welcome to the Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited Q 2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
 As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone.  
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Surya Patra from PhillipCapital. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Surya Patra: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I, on behalf of PhillipCapital, welcome you all to the Q2 
FY '26 Result Conference call of Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited. 
 Joining us today on the call are Mr. Rajendra Mutha – Chairman and Whole-Time Director, Mr. 
Yash Mutha – Managing Director, Ms. Pallavi – Executive Director; Mr. Mitesh Dave – Group 
CEO, Mr. Pawan Daga –  Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Vivek Jain – Head (Investor 
Relations). 
 I would like to hand over  the line now to Mr. Yash Mutha  for the opening remark, subsequent 
to which we will have the Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Yash Mutha: Thank you, Mr. Surya. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us.  
 Today, when I look at what we built at Krsnaa , it feels less like a company and more like a 
mission taking shape. A mission to make high- quality diagnostics accessible, affordable, and 
reliable across every corner of India.  
 Let me start with what really matters. Despite being in one of the most capital intensive segments 
of healthcare, which is radiology, and despite offering our services at prices that are 40% to 60% 
lower than the market rates, or let's say truly pocket -friendly rates for the patients, Krsnaa 
continues to deliver steady growth and healthy margins that stands shoulder -to-shoulder with 
the best in the industry. This in itself is a huge differentiator. There is honestly no one quite like 
us.  
 Radiology requires heavy upfront investment, specialized talent, and deep operating backbone. 
Most players don't even venture into it at scale. Yet Krsnaa has built and scaled one of the largest 
integrated diagnostics network across India, spanning 18 states and union territories. And today, 
based... On our deployed and under -implementation equipment, we operate the largest fleet of 
over 200 CT and MRI cente rs across India, making us one of the largest radiology service 
providers in Asia.  
[[PAGE 4]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 21 
 But beyond size and numbers, what makes this story meaningful is its impact. The scans and the 
tests performed at our centers don't just produce images; they change and save lives. Because of 
our reach, even people in the remotest parts of the country are now getting access to early 
diagnosis. That means illnesses are being caught sooner, treatment costs are coming down, and 
the pressure on the tertiary hospitals is also reducing.  
 To put it simply, Krsnaa today conducts radiology scans of more than 10 million patients every 
year, c overing a significant population across the states where we operate. We are not just 
present. We are making a measurable difference in the public health outcomes. And along the 
way, a model has also created employment opportunities, not only in the metro c ities, but even 
in the remotest corners of the country, enabling skilled healthcare jobs where they were once 
rare.  
 And we have done this without compromising an inch on quality. Our operations are backed by 
India's first 36 NABH accredited radiology centers, 57 NABL accredited labs, India's first CAP 
accredited pathology lab in a government facility, and India's first ACR accreditation for a tele 
radiology hub.  
 No other diagnostics company in India, public or private, has achieved this combination of scale, 
access, and quality within government partnerships . These accreditations, supported by our 
rigorous processes, firmly establishes Krsnaa’s position as India's leading quality driven 
diagnostics company, a benchmark in the public healthcare delivery.  
 Now despite some of our PPP contracts completing their initial tenure, where one might have 
expected the revenues to dip, we not only bridged this gap, but achieved an impressive 11% 
year-on-year growth. This proves the resilience and self sustaining strength of our business 
model. It shows that the foundation we built continues to compound even without new tender 
inflows.  
 On the financial side, this quarter's performance speaks to that mission. The Q2 FY  '26 
demonstrated both scale and profitability. The revenue stood at Rs. 2,060 million, up 11% year-
on-year. The EBITDA came in at Rs. 602 million with a healthy 29% margin.  
 The profit after tax was Rs.239 million, translating to a 12% margin. Our EBITDA and P AT 
growth reflect the maturity and consistency of our model. And as we  have said in the past, we 
aimed to deliver sustainable improvement in EBITDA margins, profit margins, and the return 
on capital employed. I am pleased to say  this quarter's number show we are walking the talk, 
with ROCE now trending towards 15% and continuing to strengthen in the quarters to come.  
 Now let's talk about where we are headed. The Rajasthan PPP project, which is India's largest 
diagnostic PPP project, is progressing right on schedule. We are set to operationalize 10 labs in 
[[PAGE 5]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 21 
November, 25 labs, and over 500 collection centers by December, and the balance 152 labs and 
1,100 collection centers by the end of Q4.  
 These will add a significant layer of growth and further reinforce Krsnaa 's nationwide reach. 
And this is not just about Rajasthan. Several marquee PPP projects are under implementation, 
and with these all going live, we expect meaningful revenue accretion from Q4 FY '25 onwards 
and a full-year contribution in FY '27, which will further strengthen our growth momentum.  
 Behind all of this, there is a strong team of over 350 radiologists and 120-plus pathologists who 
trust our systems, technology, and processes. Their association with Krsnaa reflects the 
confidence they have in our quality and reporting standards. No other diagnos tics company in 
India has a doctor network of this scale. And this base continues to grow. It further strengthens 
our leadership and depth in clinical excellence.  
 So, when we talk about Krsnaa , it is just not about the financials or centers. It's about an 
ecosystem that blends scale, trust, and technology to make diagnostics truly accessible. It is this 
very ecosystem that has made the government's vision of delivering quality diagnostics through 
PPP model a successful reality. And Krsnaa has been at the heart of this execution.  
 To summarize, this quarter is a reflection of who we are becoming. A company that invests 
deeply, serves affordably, delivers profitably, generates employment and grows responsibly. We 
are proud of what we have achieved. But we are even more excited about what lies ahead. Thank 
you for believing in our journey and for being a part of Krsnaa 's mission to make diagnostics 
accessible to every Indian. One scan, one test, one life at a time.  
 With this, I now hand it over to Mr. Mitesh to take you through further updates. Thank you.  
Mitesh Dave: Hi, good morning, everyone. Mitesh Dave this side, Group CEO, Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited. 
A very warm welcome to all.  
 Today, I am really pleased to share that Quarter 2 FY '26 has been a milestone quarter for Krsnaa 
Diagnostics, which is mainly driven by strong execution, disciplined cost management, and 
commitment towards the operational excellence. Our EBITDA, Rs. 602 million, growing at 18% 
year-on-year, and taking our margins to 29%. This is a clear reflection of our structural 
efficiencies, which we continue to unlock across our network.  
 Over the past year, we have undertaken a focused set of initiatives that are now clearly reflected 
in our improved profitability and stronger operational leverage. We have enhanced manpower 
planning across our network, ensuring each center delivering highe r productivity and greater 
patient throughputs, while maintaining strong quality and service standard at the top.  
[[PAGE 6]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 21 
 At the same time, we have sharpened radiology utilization further, mainly into the advanced 
modalities and resulting in superior asset efficiency and a meaningful uplift in both revenue and 
margins. Our supply chain has been strengthened further, which is enabling us to move faster 
with a greater precision, reducing installation timelines , minimalizing downtime and 
accelerating commissioning of new facilities. And all this contributing to faster scale -up and 
improved capital returns.  
 Alongside this, our continued investment in technology-led automation is streamlining  core 
workflows from reporting and billing to centralized monitoring and turnaround times.  These 
efforts are enhancing patient experience, taking our NPS to the significantly higher numbers, 
while driving sustainable and scalable operational efficiency across the business.  
 A key competitive strength for Krsnaa is people first capability building. We are investing 
significantly in training and upskilling our workforce from frontline to the technician, to the 
phlebotomists, radiologists, operational team, lab technicians, and so on and so forth. Today, we 
have one of the largest and fastest growing pools of skilled and semi-skilled professionals in the 
diagnostic space, delivering their best, operating seamlessly and across metros and deep rural 
clusters. These initiatives enable us to do more with the existing infrastructure, delivering better 
outcomes for both patients and our beloved shareholders.  
 Krsnaa stands out as one of the most future -ready platforms, uniquely positioned to outpace 
industry growth by expanding access to our unpenetrated markets, bolstering brand equity, 
capturing a substantially larger share in the retail opportunity.  
 The results are already visible on the ground. We are witnessing robust growth, not just in the 
patient volume, but also in recurring customer behavior, a reflection of rising patient satisfaction, 
strong unit economics, and operational agility backed by efficiency, with which we are able to 
deliver a consistent service experience nationwide. Our retail expansion journey in particular is 
advancing at a remarkable pace, demonstrating the power of our brand and trust we are 
continually building with the patients.  
 In the second quarter of this financial year, revenue of our direct-to-consumer businesses surged 
by impressive 60% quarter-on-quarter growth. Retail has contributed approximately 8% of our 
revenues in the first half of the year. And this contribution is steadily compounding each quarter 
as both reach and brand preferences are increasing.  
 Given the growth trajectory, we see today and expect retail to account for 8 % to 10% revenue 
in the FY '26 to accelerate to the tune and contributing 15% to 20% in the coming financial year, 
a shift that will not only enhance market positioning but also deliver strong margins accelerations 
and improved profitability.  
[[PAGE 7]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 21 
 Our scale-up has been fast, smart, and deeply impactful. In just one year, we have expanded to 
more than 2,800 touch points across the country, a testament to the strength of our asset -light 
partnership-driven strategy. We are strengthening our retail business in regions where we trust 
and what the patient and the other doctors and the other shareholders are there towards bran d 
recall are deep-rooted including the Maharashtra, Punjab, Assam and Odisha.  
 Our strategy here is crystal clear. Be present where patients need us the most and elevate the 
ease which they can access high-quality diagnostics. We are scaling home collection services at 
pace, widening our preventive and wellness offerings, and building strong partnerships with the 
local healthcare ecosystem, allowing us to seamlessly integrate into the daily healthcare 
decisions of our large and diverse communities.  
 Now as we advance into our next phase of accelerated growth, we remain fully committed to 
profitable scale.
 Our strategy revolves around deepening our leadership in integrated 
diagnostics, continuously improving operational efficiency and margin profile, driving sustained 
and diversified growth across both retail as well as PPP, and ultimately building one of the India's 
most admired healthcare brands, powered by technology's reach, relentless execution.  
 With that, I would like to hand it over to Mr. Pawan, Chief Financial Officer, Krsnaa Diagnostics 
Limited, to take us through the financial highlights of the quarter. Thank you. 
Pawan Daga: Thank you, Mr. Mitesh. Good morning, everyone.  
 Let me take a moment to briefly walk you through our financial performance for the quarter. 
Revenue for Q2 FY '26 stood at Rs. 206 crores, reflecting a robust year-on-year growth of 11%, 
driven by sustained momentum in both our radiology and pathology segments.  
 Our focus on cost leadership and operational excellence has translated directly to our 
profitability. EBITDA grew by impressive 18% year-on-year to Rs. 60 crores. This performance 
resulted in 221 basis point expansion in our EBITDA margin, which now stands at 29%.  
 Profit after tax increased by 22% year -on-year to Rs. 24 crores with a margin of 12%. This 
demonstrates our continuous ability to not only grow the top line but  also deliver the bottom 
line.  
 Earning per share of Rs. 7.25 for Q2 FY  '26, up from Rs. 5.9 in the same quarter last year, 
making a 24% year-on-year growth.  
 On the working capital front, our receivable currently stands around 150 days, which we aim to 
bring down to around 100 days by year end. The current positions reflect a temporary timing 
impact largely arising from the implementation of a new central government payment guideline, 
under which states are aligning their processes and releasing payment through RBI link account.  
[[PAGE 8]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 21 
 With this, we conclude our opening remarks. Would now like to open the floor for question-and-
answer session. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and -answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Bala Murali Krishna from Oman Investment Advisors. Please go 
ahead.  
Bala Murali Krishna: Regarding this new tender, what is the status of the pending center, radiology centers on the 
Maharashtra? And after that Maharashtra and the Rajasthan we have received a long back, but 
there are no new tenders w e have received. So, what is the pipeline status as well? Could you 
please share that?  
Yash Mutha: Good morning, Mr. Bala. So, if I understood your question, you were asking question about the 
Maharashtra and Rajasthan status and about the pipeline. So Maharashtra, we have the MRIs 
which are under implementation. Almost 15 MRIs are under implementation, 10 are already in 
the completion stage. And they are yet to be inaugurated by the respective authorities.  
 With regards to Rajasthan, as we said, we are in the process of establishing around 10 labs soon. 
And 25 labs and 500 centers will be done by December and the rest through Q4.  
 With regards to pipeline, there are tenders in pipeline. But like we mentioned in the past, due to 
the competitive nature of these tenders, we will be disclosing the details as and when we come 
closer to the concluding of the process of the tendering different stages. I hope that answers the 
question.  
Bala Murali Krishna: Yes, I understood. But one follow-up clarification on that. So earlier, we still have some maybe 
three, four tenders we are winning every year, three, four to five tenders. So, now there is a big 
gap between the Maharashtra last tender and I wonder there is no awarded tender. So , is it 
because of any delay in the tender opening from the state government side? Or our winning rate 
has a little bit decreased. That's why we have not announced any tender wins in the recent past 
five, six months ago.  
Yash Mutha: So, see, the tendering process, basically, it  is not in our hands. There are tenders, which are 
currently at different stages of execution. You know, there are different moments when the 
tenders get published and when they get executed. So as of now, as I speak, there are some 
tenders in the pipeline. As and when they will come, we'll disclose. It  is not that the tender  
pipeline has kind of reduced. It is still there. It does exist. In fact, there are discussions at different 
states, different authorities. As and when they come, we will certainly share the updates with 
you all.  
Bala Murali Krishna: And on the RPL side, we are targeting about 20% of revenue in one or two years. So,  I think 
maybe that will be achieved in the next one year itself. So , on the OPEX part of the RPL, we 
[[PAGE 9]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 21 
have our own collection center or we need to franchise the collection center again. That i s only 
the expenditure part because we have already infrastructure everything.  So, as compared with 
the normal business, so what could be the OPEX percentage for the RPL? 
Mitesh Dave: Mr. Bala, can we please request you to repeat the question. Your voice is not very clear to us. 
Bala Murali Krishna: Yes, I will repeat again. So , I am asking about RPL. So,  I think we have a target of 20% of 
revenue in the coming one or two years. I hope we will achieve that a little bit earlier. So, when 
it comes to OPEX part, so operational expenses in RPL, I think it is very lower side because we 
already have infrastructure in our hand, pathology and cardiology. So, what could be the OPEX 
percentage as compared with the normal business or whether it could be 40%, 50% or anything 
less than that? That I want to know. 
Mitesh Dave: Hi, good morning. Mitesh, this side. Well, taking what the question that you have asked is the 
query around RPL . One is, yes, this year we are hopeful to getting it closer in 8% to 10% of the 
overall revenue contribution and taking it to the 15% to 20% in the coming financial year. That 
is correct. And that is where the entire ecosystem is working around. 
 And secondly, what you mentioned is also correct. Yes, we are going to be a uniquely positioned 
ecosystem in the retail space along with the PPP where we will have a shared infrastructure to 
drive the better margins and sharing the cost.  
 OPEX going to be lower in the coming times. However, for now, it is very important as an RPL 
where we are looking to build the brand initiatives, how to be most accessible to the needy ones, 
building higher operational efficiencies and how to build AI capabili ties for our overall 
ecosystem for the better outputs.  
 So, in that sense, initially, it may be a little slower, but however, it is going to be very robust.  
And as and when we are scaling the newer heights and building ou r percentage contribution to 
the overall revenue, it will come down further. 
Bala Murali Krishna: Thanks for that. So,  on a maybe four to five years of perspective, so where do you see this 
revenue contribution, if you can hit a 40%, 50% kind of revenue contribution from RPL? 
Mitesh Dave: Yes. So, over five years, we are looking to having close to 40% to 50% of contribution coming 
out from the retail straight up. 
Bala Murali Krishna: So, lastly on this revenue… 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, sir, but I request you to rejoin the queue for the follow -up questions as there 
are more participants left . The next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 10]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 21 
Lokesh Manik: Yash, my first question was we  have seen a patient growth of 4% Y-o-Y and a drop in test 
volumes of 4%. So, what is driving this divergence? Ideally, you would see a drop in patients as 
well, but you have seen an increase. So, what is driving this divergence? 
Yash Mutha: Lokesh, could you please repeat the last part of, you know, I couldn't hear you very well. 
Lokesh Manik: I was saying that we have seen patient growth of 4%, but we have seen the test volume drop by 
4%. So, there is a divergence here. What is causing this divergence? 
Yash Mutha: See, Lokesh, if you see the diagnostic business is something which is dependent on the needs of 
the patient. So, these test volumes, the patient volumes are all dependent and therefore they go 
in different directions at different point in time. So, there is really nothing that I would comment 
on.  
 What I would suggest is, if you see overall directionally, we are growing and we will do whatever 
it means in terms of creating patient awareness, more tests to come through. And this is how we 
see the business. Yes, Mitesh, also want to add something.  
Mitesh Dave: Yes. Furthermore, taking up your input, we have also started pouring in wellness care, where 
the RPTs, what you are talking about, will go up into having further surge in the coming times. 
Lokesh Manik: And Mitesh, in this, in the retail business, out of Rs. 17 crores, so that would be the proportion 
for preventive and wellness ? How much would that have contributed to wellness to the retail 
business? 
Mitesh Dave: Yes, it is too early to be having any bifurcation around the wellness as well as the illness area. 
However, that is where our focus is now shifting. And in the coming times, we  will be able to 
give you the way crisper bifurcation if need be. 
Lokesh Manik: My last question on diagnostic industry as a whole. First half sees good results and then second 
half is a little flattish to subdued. Do you expect a similar trend for yourself as well going forward 
in Q3 and Q4 on the top line growth? 
Yash Mutha: Yes. So, Lokesh, this is something industry-wide trend typically in Q3. Because of whether it is 
the winter, the cold, there are dips in the revenues. And then Q4 onwards, it starts picking in. So 
that though the trend is there, we, of course, try to see how we can maximize the revenues and 
continue on the profitability as a growth engine. But the trend does impact across the industry. 
Lokesh Manik: And the radio centers will be operationalized by when? What is the time line? Like when will 
you reach 200 radio centers? 
Yash Mutha: So, by December end is what we are expecting the radio centers to be operationalized. 
[[PAGE 11]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 21 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Anshul Agarwal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Anshul Agarwal: Few questions. First, the CGHS benefit that has been conferred to hospitals, does that apply to 
us? And if yes, if you could just quantify the benefit that could flow in? 
Yash Mutha: Anshul, the CGHS, if you see, is more for empaneled hospitals. Since we are through a tendering 
process and the rates are as per their tender, we don't see an impact or benefit coming to us. 
Though there are discussions going on, but as of now, I don't see any benefit coming to us 
immediately on this.  
Anshul Agarwal: Second question on retail.  So, any insights on how  we have been able to ramp up this retail 
portfolio so fast? Is it our value proposition? What is it that is working for us so well in retail? 
Mitesh Dave: Hi, good morning. Mitesh, this side. So retail, unlike the traditional approach or unlike the 
absolute modern approach, when we started pouring into the retail space, we were very clear, 
while we have to stick to our roots, the traditional approach that everyone takes up and builds 
up. But parallelly, we will also have a blend of the modern approach, which is going to be more 
accessible, AI driven, more patient friendly and the multiple value proposition for the patient.  
 So we got a very strong blend of both of this with the existing infrastructure that has been to the 
truly quality standard all across the nation and then the overall field force that we carry 
throughout the length and breadth of the India. 
 Strategic initiatives that we took are really helping us because we are going with the specific 
models, which is like asset-light or partnering with the clients or to an extent where the overall 
value proposition, which is kind of a gap that we identified when we started it. 
Anshul Agarwal: Thanks, Mitesh. My question would be around B2C business in retail. There, I don't think we  
will be partnering with any of the technician/doctor network, would be driving this through our 
workforce itself. Would that be correct? 
Mitesh Dave: It is a blend of both, right, wherein as I said, it  is not going to be a single line approach ever 
because we want to cover a 360 degree space. And in that, sticking to the older routes with the 
existing infrastructure, existing premises, existing processing unit, adding up to the layer of the 
modern way of driving the business, which is more patient friendly, more accessible and off ers 
a value proposition. So, we will not try to give away any of the fees for building our retail and 
wherein we will have a holistic approach to build it the way it can , and it should be even more 
faster. 
Anshul Agarwal: And is our retail business now margin accretive? Is it not loss making anymore that has 
contributed to the margins for the overall business? 
[[PAGE 12]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 21 
Mitesh Dave: Not really. As I said, we are still not at breakeven for the retail. However, in the coming end of 
the year or in coming times around one Rs. 100 Cr or so, we are looking to even breakeven and 
then driving the robust bottom line from thereon. 
Anshul Agarwal: Ex of retail, if I carve out retail revenues from our overall revenues, our B2G business does not 
seem to have seen much growth. Is this due to any contracts sort of expiring in the current 
quarter? Or any indications around why our B2G business has not continued to see the uptick 
that it used to see? 
Yash Mutha: So,  Anshul, on the B2G side, there has been no major contracts that have gone. There are some 
smaller drops. But in spite of the drops, we continue to have the growth momentum and which 
we believe will continue even in the subsequent quarters to come through. 
Anshul Agarwal: Just one last question, if I may. Our tele radiology center… 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, sir, but I request you to rejoin the queue. 
Anshul Agarwal: Sure. I will rejoin. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Deepali Bansal from Ventura Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Deepali Bansal: My first question is, would you be able to give the mix between how the revenue was divided 
between matured, semi-matured and newly launched centers between radio and path? 
Yash Mutha: Deepali, Vivek Jain would be able to provide you this detail offline. 
Deepali Bansal: All right, sir. Sir, as we have seen that we have rapidly increased our number of radio and Path 
centers, What would you suggest? How, when can we see like major uptick like because we see 
that there is almost one year, 1.5 year gestation period for all the centers. When are we expecting 
that period to, let's say, end for most of our centers newly launched?  
Yash Mutha: Yes, Deepali, if you see this model, there is a continuous investments on one side, a ramp up on 
the other side and then retail also going up. So,  from a timeline or a quarter -on-quarter 
performance perspective, if you see, I wouldn't be able to pinpoint that there will be an uptick 
immediately. Directionally, yes, things are progressing well and what have we been saying in 
the past in terms of the top line, bottom line, I see that continuing to maintain this momentum 
even in the subsequent quarters.  
 Now from an uptick perspective, yes, FY '27 onwards because with Rajasthan coming  in, you 
might expect that uptick to happen. But I think directionally, we continue to have this growth 
momentum even in the subsequent quarters. 
[[PAGE 13]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 21 
Deepali Bansal: Would you be able to provide some guidance for, let's say, next year or two years down the line? 
What kind of revenue are we targeting from all the expansion we have completed? And we are 
going to open a lot of centers from, let's say, Rajasthan and Maharashtra by the end of Quarter 
4. So, can you provide some guidance? 
Yash Mutha: Well, I would wish to, but just to give you a very broad level guidance, we look at expect around 
higher teens. 
Deepali Bansal: Sorry, how much? 
Yash Mutha: We are looking at higher teens. And further details we  will ask Vivek to share any more 
additional granular details for you. 
Deepali Bansal: All right, sir. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Anand Kulkarni from Front  Wave Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Anand Kulkarni: Just one question from my end. We can see a uptick in our borrowings and in the past quarter, 
we have seen very issues with the institutions and analysts and other houses.  
 So, as I was saying, we can see a uptick in the borrowings and in the past quarter, we have seen 
any updates filed that we are meeting institutional investors and analysts and everything. So, any 
timeline if you can share what is also along with the quantum that we are trying to raise the 
funds, if you can throw some color on that? 
Yash Mutha: So, if you see the borrowings largely are mostly on the overall working capital. We  have been 
able to maintain a tight control on the borrowings. As a company philosophy, our approach has 
always been to leverage these borrowings to the minimum, wherever it is more efficient from 
our usage of capital.  
 Having said that, even for further expansion for whether it is Rajasthan or other PPP projects, as 
I mentioned in the past, we always look at what is the most optimum or efficient use of capital, 
whether it is, let's say, borrowing , raising debt or a combination of debt and equity. So, we 
continue with that approach even in further projects. 
 In terms of just to give you a headline of CAPEX, I think as and when we see more clarity with 
the Rajasthan, we might come back to you with further updates on the debt side. But as of now, 
we try to maintain the debt within the limits, reasonable limits and ensure that the impact on the 
financial statements are to the minimum. 
Anand Kulkarni: So, we are not looking for any expansion on the terms of equity? 
[[PAGE 14]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 21 
Yash Mutha: No, not as of now. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Chheda: For H1, the volume growth is flat at roughly 32 million. Can you explain us the drivers of volume 
growth for H1 and drivers for price growth, which is to the tune of roughly 12.5% for H1? And 
your outlook on the same, what would drive volume or price growth going forward? That is my 
first question. 
Yash Mutha: So, Aditya, in terms of volume growth drivers, like Mitesh also mentioned, across the board, 
whether it is PPP or retail, there are different strategies that we have deployed. Some of them 
are bearing fruit in terms of even identifying certain wellness packages even i n the PPP space 
and at the same time creating some awareness about advanced tests that we had in our test menu, 
which we are now also offering. More granular details, Vivek will provide to you in terms of the 
numbers separately offline. 
Aditya Chheda: And you highlighted that we are expecting the receivables to come down to closer to 100 days. 
That would imply a roughly working capital release of roughly Rs. 100 crores. That should help 
you to sort of fund the Rajasthan CAPEX. Is that what you have in mind? And this is in context 
of the higher borrowing that you have for H1 as of now? 
Yash Mutha: Correct. So, as I said, the Rajasthan sorry, the receivable that we expect to collect in the coming 
weeks or months, it will certainly help us cushion. But we are also exploring if there are debt as 
a combination because as you see, we also have ongoing various PPP projects. There are some 
PPP projects in the pipeline.  
 So, whatever is the best optimum way of looking out capital, whether it is internal accruals or 
raring maybe some debt, we are evaluating those situations. And we continue to monitor this on 
a daily basis to ensure that there is efficient use of capital overall. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Daljit Singh from Roha Asset Managers. Please go ahead.  
Daljit Singh: So, my question is regarding the receivables part.  We have had some legacy receivables from 
Punjab and Himachal. What is the status of that? And I see this time almost Rs. 80 crores increase 
in receivables. So, is it any more the state has gone into that process? Or what happened? 
Yash Mutha: Yes. So, Daljit, if you see the receivables, yes, it's been a situation which has not we have seen 
in the last so many years. And even if you see historically, touchwood till date we  have 
maintained zero bad debts. So, from that perspective and our experience, this receivables is more 
of a timing issue for now. Even if you see subsequently, we have collected almost more than Rs. 
50 crores.  
[[PAGE 15]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 21 
 So, things are looking better now with the SNA-SPARSH systems getting the teething issues 
getting normalized. We do expect some of these hiccups to continue, but we expect to come over 
100 days in the coming quarters and maintain that past trends from next year onwards.  
 But these are, as I said, system transition happening across different governments. So, there are 
some teething problems impacting these collection of the receivables. But from the way we have 
collected our money, I see this as a positive sign and also what we hear from different quarters 
of the authorities. 
Daljit Singh: So, the reason I was asking was that this situation of floods, et  cetera, in Punjab, Himachal, in 
that area, so has that impacted any collection efficiency?  
Yash Mutha: Yes, it's certainly. I mean, not only from the funds flow, but also operationally, there have been 
challenges with authorities handling the disaster issues. And therefore, they were not there to 
authorize certain payments. That was one of the issues certainly. But I think as I said overall, we 
see that this improving in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ranodeep from MAS Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ranodeep: My question was regarding there are projections that by 2030, we will have 300 million senior 
citizens living in India. Now , one of  the top  competitors, they have already started signing 
contracts. 
 I will repeat my question. The projections are that by 2030, there will be 300 million senior 
citizens living in India. One of our top competitors listed company has already started signing 
deals with multiple senior living communities. What is the school of thought at Krsnaa 's 
management and in terms of targeting this section ? 
Yash Mutha: Ranodeep, so what you see is more on the private side, where I would say they are tying up with 
these elderly care homes. But if you see in our business, most of the senior citizens across our 
PPP come across centers because that  is the only access that they have, especially considering 
the free diagnosis scheme or the prices which are very pocket friendly. So, we see this 
momentum even in our existing patient volumes where you see senior citizens coming up and 
availing our services.  
 Having said that, even from the retail side, the kind of value proposition Mitesh mentioned we 
are offering is much more, I would say, lucrative from a senior citizens' perspective and we are 
also able to leverage this. So, going forward, of course, are also watching this space, but I think 
we are already much ahead in terms of our reach, our capabilities. And these elderly care centers, 
though they are concentrated only in the metros, whereas we are serving populations across the 
states, across districts, across towns, that puts us in a very different league compared to whatever 
is happening. 
[[PAGE 16]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 21 
Ranodeep: My second question is in the other extreme end of this cohort, which is the Gen Zs. Now Gen 
Zs have a growing affinity now for wellness and health checkups, but they want things on the 
move. So, is there a school of thought at Krsnaa's management to explore D2C product initiatives 
that can help users track their vitals? Just for a global reference point of view, there is a company 
called CardiacSense, which launched wearables, which medical grade wearables for monitoring 
multiple vital signs. Is that something in the roadmap of Krsnaa? 
Yash Mutha: Yes. So, just to add further on the previous question, one more point I wanted to add. So, even 
if you see from the government's perspective, the Ayushman Bharat and senior citizen insurance 
that the government is doing, so a lot of these government patients come to our centers as well. 
And therefore, this is another area of improving traction that we see.  
 Coming to the question of Gen Z, yes, at Krsnaa, even we are watching the space like Mitesh 
also mentioned earlier, there are various initiatives we are undertaking including technology-led 
solutions, AI layered solutions, some of the unique test menu that we are curating, targeting to 
these kinds of audiences and the patients. 
 But to be honest with you, whilst you hear a lot of this buzz around it, if you see still there is a 
significant population of patients who are not being served and that is where Krsnaa's sweet spot 
is.  
 We are also parallelly taking various initiatives, which eventually will converge and will allow 
us to leverage both the kind of audiences, whether it is the existing base as well as the new age 
Gen Z population that you are talking about. But to be honest with you, we are not going to be 
fully aggressive on it. It is a kind of a very calculated approach in targeting those audiences. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ayush Chaturvedi from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ayush Chaturvedi: Most of my questions have already been answered. But just would like to understand for the 
sake of curiosity, as we had significant disruptions in the state of Punjab and Himachal due to 
floods, did we also encounter any sort of impact on our revenues and to what extent? 
Yash Mutha: Yes, operationally, there was certainly impact, like some of our centers were also affected. But 
this also gave us an opportunity to help the patients in need and that is where Krsnaa has always 
been in times of difficulties, in times of these natural calamities where Krsnaa centers are 
present, where none of the other players were present, Krsnaa was able to create this impact in 
the lives of people. 
Ayush Chaturvedi: Excellent. Also, we see that there is some bit of uptick in the margins as well. We can see that 
the revenue segment has been ramping up, but like you mentioned, it hasn't even broken even 
yet. So, I mean, what sort of benefits, if you could quantify, how much of operating leverages 
are we deriving? And also once the Rajasthan contract comes into play, and we are going to see 
[[PAGE 17]]
K rsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
P age 16 of 21 
Ya
sh Mutha: 
M
oderator: 
Mayur: 
Yash Mutha: 
Mayur: 
Yash Mutha: 
a very big expansion in the asset base as well on the operational side as well, so what sort of an 
impact do you foresee on the ROC E? And how does this conv erge with your retail segment 
ramping up?  
So, on the retail side, in terms of the operating leverage, the question that you asked about, if 
you see, we started this journey just about a couple of months ago and the results have been 
promising.  
Now from an operational leverage perspective, whilst we are leveraging our existing labs or 
kitchens, like what Mitesh mentioned earlier, there is also certain expenses in terms of putting 
up these retail outlets or the touch poin ts, the manpower that we have to deploy for sample 
collection. So, those are the initial costs which are currently  impacting the bottom line. But as 
the volumes grow, as the numbers grow, we see this convergence happ ening where eventually, 
like Mitesh also mentioned, the breakevens will happen in the coming quarters.  
Now with Rajasthan kicking in, our approach has been, we have been studying Rajasthan closely 
as well, considering it a big project. We are also trying to ensure that the impact on the financial 
statements should be minimum. There would be a moment where, of course, we have to deploy 
manpower and the equipments, which is typical for any PPP project.  
But our earnest effort is to ensure that on a quarter -on-quarter basis, the impact will be to the 
minimum. That is what is our honest effort o r endeavor that we are trying to achieve. Now, of 
course, as the deployment happens, time will tell in the coming quarters, but this is what our 
effort has been. 
The next question is from the line of Mayur from Wealth Managers India. Please go ahead. 
So, just a couple of maybe small error, just accounting th ing. In the geog raphical spread of 
Western Eastern, I think the total tallies to 107% instead of 100%. So, maybe we can just clarify 
which is the numbers where it stands. So, i f you can just look into that maybe a small error. 
Mayur, I think if that is an error. Thanks for pointing out. Bu t I will ask Vivek to reach out to 
you.  
Yes. And then on the question side, actually, outside of what you mentio ned that the fact of 
receivables, we will come down to 100 days. What I wanted to understand is the impact of that 
on the revenue side, if it continues because we have been in a position to reduce the vo lume 
where the receivables continue to be higher. So , is that continuing? And is that also one of the 
reasons why the growth on the B2G side remains lower in the region of 2% only? 
So, if you see the,  whilst, yes, we are also monitoring the situation and selection. The temporary 
suspension that we do is not significant. Some of these are mostly seasonal becau se of also the 
[[PAGE 18]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 21 
rains and whatever. But I don't think so we expect significant drop in the revenues in the coming 
quarter. It all depends on how the collection proceeds and we  will of course, we take certain 
decisions in terms of suspensions.  As and when they happen, I  wll be able to give you better 
clarity. But as of now, I don't see a significant impact in the coming quarters. 
Mayur: Just two more questions from the efficiency side. In the past, we had mentioned that our 
arrangement for capital efficiency in terms of taking the equipments on lease and it's been some 
time. So, can you add some color on how is it how? Is the experience going? Are we in a position 
to scale that arrangement and our understanding on that? And when does it actually start to show 
up efficiency on the CAPEX side, if anything? That is the first.  
 And secondly, on the retail B2C side, I think our earlier expectation was that as we scale up, the 
benefit of retail on the margins as well as on the working capital would have flown in much 
earlier than Rs. 100 crores, which you just mentioned. So , is there a change in some strategy? 
Are we going a little more aggressive in terms of or are we seeing more costs which have got 
added compared to our past?  
 So, what has changed in that strategy? Because earlier, we were expecting some of those benefits 
to start in much earlier and the impact on profitability would have been much better. So,  these 
two questions on that side. 
Yash Mutha: So, Mayur, on the first question, with regards to the different models of equipment purchase, the 
deferred payment or leases, those models have already been implemented. They are already 
reflecting in the financial statement. So , yes, we do get CAPEX equipment on deferred or on 
lease.  
 On the lease side, there is an impact of GST and therefore we have not pursued the deferred 
payment basis that we are doing for larger equipments like CT scan, MRIs where the vendors 
have given us different lines of credit.  
 Now, coming to the question of retail on the margin front, from a strategy, nothing has changed. 
But when we realized the initial successes, we thought it is better to scale up by deploying more 
manpower, by deploying these additional centers. And therefore, if you see, I could have chosen 
a path where the revenues are higher in a small region, but we see this momentum and we thought 
of catching up. And therefore, we are also currently expanding. Mitesh, if yo u want to add 
something more to this? 
Mitesh Dave: Yes. So, while having said that, the initial encouragement through not just the numbers, but even 
with the patients' responses and their trust from the clinicians as well has given us further 
encouragement to go out and figure out firstly, the gap which all are there and secondly, how to 
fill those gaps. Still there are so many gaps exist in the overall diagnostic space when it comes 
to the right to health care for everyone at a most affordable pricing and the qualitative treatment.  
[[PAGE 19]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 21 
 So, that is where then we have started getting on to the more brand building exercise, how to be 
more accessible and to build on to the AI areas where in one of the previous question where Gen 
Zs are looking on the go as well as the elderly care needs more attention  and how can we more 
friendly and convenience to them.  
 So, we have started adding all those layer to our entire ecosystem in the retail space. And hence, 
we are now what we are saying around Rs. 100 crores. But it is going to be certainly soon and 
that will further add up to our bottom line in a very robust way rather. 
Yash Mutha: Okay, fine. I will come back in the queue for next.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Manoj Dua from Geometric. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Dua: Congratulations, sir, on something great with Krsnaa is now being positioned now. So, was my 
understanding right that you have given a guidance that retail can be 40% to 50% of the sale in 
next five years? 
Yash Mutha: Yes, yes. That is what we are also aiming to. 
Manoj Dua: Great. That's super. So, even assuming Krsnaa from after Rajasthan contract Rs. 1,100 crores to 
Rs. 1,200 crores sale can go to Rs. 1,500 crores to Rs. 2,000 crores sale next in five year in B2G 
and B2B. So, we are targeting assuming retail to be Rs. 600 crores to Rs. 1,000 crores sale. Is 
my understanding right? 
Yash Mutha: Yes. See, as I said, that's always an aspiration to have.  
Manoj Dua: Aspiration, I understand. But it is something which I  have heard, maybe there is no 
miscommunication 
Yash Mutha: Yes, it is. Its an aspiration.  
Manoj Dua: So, just because retail is growing fast, can we get the number of the last month? It is Rs. 18 
crores for the quarter, I think. What would have been last month number? 
Yash Mutha: I think I will ask Vivek to share those details with you separately.  
Manoj Dua: And when can we reach  to Rs. 100 crores, maybe Rs. 25 crores quarter run rate just to get the 
Rs. 100 crores run rate? It is just a small number because it is going very fast.  
Yash Mutha: Yes, I think Quarter 4 is where we see the exit run rate in those numbers. 
Manoj Dua: I think this is something very great and best of luck.  
[[PAGE 20]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 19 of 21 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: Hi, thank you again for the opportunity. Just two clarifications here. The interest expense has 
increased. So, is there any accrual impact out here due to lease liability? 
Pawan Daga: Hi, L okesh. Pawan, this side . This is mainly because of the working capital which we have 
utilized in the quarter, which is stretched. So, this is an impact of finance cost. 
Lokesh Manik: And a clarification o n the CGHS part, Yash, you mentioned we are not directly beneficiaries 
since we are tendering and we are not empaneled, the hospitals who are entitled are getting that 
benefit. Is that understanding right? Or when our contracts mature, then we get the benefit? How 
is that?  
Yash Mutha: So, L okesh, if you see currently the way the notification has come out, it talks more for 
empanelled hospitals, which are not empanelled  or those were empanelled but not serving 
because they always set the rates so low. So , for these hospitals, the notification is what we 
understand was issued.  
 We are in talks with various authorities. This might impact the upcoming tenders where the new 
CGH rates could be used as a benchmark. But for the existing because these are contracted rates, 
I don't see an impact or benefit coming first.  But at the same time, we are currently discussing. 
So, if there is anything which comes for years, which has an upside, we will certainly share this 
with you all. 
Lokesh Manik: But do you continue to get the increase due to WPI in your current contracts? 
Yash Mutha: So, there are rate escalations which are embedded in our contracts. Wherever those are, we 
certainly get them. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: Sir, a few clarifications from my side. See, in fact, this quarter, we are seeing a kind of a 
sequential as it is Y -o-Y improvement on the revenue per test. So , is it driven by, let's say, 
product mix, possibly higher radiology or incremental contribution what we are seeing from the 
RPL? Is that the factor and hence more or less sustainable or increasing further? How should we 
think about it? 
Yash Mutha: No, Surya, as we said, we had also started focusing on if we could leverage these high priced 
tests. There are also depending on the patient needs. So, we have been able to generate some 
benefit out of it. We expect this and then our aspiration is to continue this in the coming quarters 
where more patient awareness among the doctors that Krsnaa offers these high price, high value 
tests as well. Even on the retail side, like Mitesh mentioned, team is doing a lot of canvassing 
[[PAGE 21]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 20 of 21 
around these kind of tests, whether it is illness or willness. So we are one thing and we hope we 
will be able to leverage this in the coming quarters as well. 
Surya Patra: Regarding the RPL, so we have certainly seen a kind of almost 5x jump in the touch point. So, 
could you share, sir, what are the kind of a franchisee mix within that? And how much  is the 
owned touch points that we would be having? Or what is the thought process around the 
franchisee aspect here? 
Yash Mutha: So, Mitesh mentioned earlier, we are kind of pushing the pedals on all the different levers, 
whether it is franchisee, leveraging the phlebos  or the K RC model that we have curated. So , 
these are different areas of touch points that we are increasing. And we will ask Vivek to share 
you more granular details about these different aspects, which are there are some franchisees, 
there are some, we even have some of the COCO centers, but we will certainly share more  
details. 
Surya Patra: And about the phlebotomist fleet also, if you can, what is the thought process number? I can 
possibly get it later from Vivek. But what is the thought process here, whether we will  be 
building phlebotomist separately for the retail venture?  
Yash Mutha: Yes. So, we are currently, see we have phlebos on the PPP side. We are trying to see wherever 
we could leverage, but in areas where our PPP network is not there, we will have to deploy these 
phlebos. So , currently, we are looking at both these models and trying to ensure that these 
phlebos, the incremental cost, which is also impacting the margins as we are expanding, 
Hopefully, eventually as they start contributing, more revenues will be there.  So, we will 
certainly have to add more phlebos as we go along, but we are trying to balance it out in terms 
of revenue accretion and impact on the margins. I will ask Vivek to give more granular details, 
for the number. 
Surya Patra: Any important PPP contract in the pipeline? That is one. And secondly, do you find any 
incremental competition for the PPP contenders given the kind of GST cut as well as the CGHS 
price size? 
Yash Mutha: So, yes, there are some contracts in the pipeline and hopefully we will be able to announce the 
results soon. We  are also awaiting certain outcomes. The competition intensity continues to 
increase. People are also looking PPP as a model. But as I said, Krsnaa continues to maintain its 
leadership position because of our deep experience and expertise. So, we welcome competition. 
Yes, there have been certain challenges along with it. But I don't see a significant impact. Of 
course, as the time comes and we participate, we try to monitor this as we go along. 
Surya Patra: Just last point, sir. So, what is the CAPEX that we have working with for the current year? And 
out of that, what portion of the CAPEX would be through the vendor finance? 
[[PAGE 22]]
  Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 21 of 21 
Yash Mutha: I think I will ask Pawan to answer.  
Pawan Daga: Hi Surya. Pawan this side. So, this year apart from Rajasthan, we have planned CAPEX of Rs. 
150 crores to Rs. 170 crores. Out of that, we already incurred Rs. 80 crores of CAPEX, which is 
Rs. 50 crores already in capitalized and Rs. 30 crores is in WIP. So, this is the basis for radiology 
equipment, which we have capitalized.  
 So, as the Maharashtra MRI center will be getting inaugurated in maybe in Q3 or this asset has 
been procured on a deferred payment where we initially paid only 20%, 25% in overall, not only 
the equipment apart from the infra and the other small ancillaries eq uipment. So,  this is an 
outflow. This entirely has not been paid. Balance is still lying in the books, which is payable as 
in capital creditor. 
Surya Patra: Just one more point. See, with regards to Rajasthan, I just wanted to check, in this current quarter, 
whether any cost number is already been factored in our quarterly financials? 
Yash Mutha: No, Rajasthan has no impact on the current quarter financials, neither on the cost or on the 
revenue side, nothing. It will all happen from Q3 onwards. 
Surya Patra: Thanks a lot, sir, for answering all these queries. And there are no more further questions here.  
So, congrats, I mean, sir, thanking you for the entire team of Krsnaa Diagnostics for giving this 
opportunity to host the call. And any last comment that you want to have, sir? 
Yash Mutha: Sure. So thank you, Surya, and thank you everyone for joining our Q2 FY '26 earnings call. 
Hopefully, we were able to address all the queries. If any questions remain unanswered, please 
feel free to connect with our Investor Relationships team headed by Mr. Vivek Jain. And looking 
forward to interact with you in the coming quarters. Thank you. Have a good day ahead. 
Moderator: On behalf of PhillipCapital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 