
[[PAGE 1]]
 
Ashiana Housing Ltd. 
304, Southern Park, Saket District Centre, 
Saket, New Delhi – 110 017 
CIN: L70109WB1986PLC040864 
Regd. Office: 5F Everest, 46/C Chowringhee Road, Kolkata – 700 071 
011-42654265, Email: investorrelations@ashianahousing.com 
Website: www.ashianahousing.com 
 
Date: 04th June 2026 
 
 
Sub: Transcript for Earnings Call held on 29th May 2026  for the quarter ended on 3 1st March 
2026 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Please find attached the Transcript for Earnings Call for analysts and investors  held on 29th May 
2026 to discuss the performance of the company for the quarter and year ended on 31st March 
2026. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Ashiana Housing Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
Nitin Sharma 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer)  
Membership No. 21191 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
The Secretary 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Security Code No.: 523716 
To 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ASHIANA 
[[PAGE 2]]
 Page 1 of 22 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 29, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ashiana Housing Limited Q4  FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Valorem Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressi ng “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Hena Khatri from Valorem Advisors for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you. 
Hena Khatri: Good morning, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Hena Khatri from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Ashiana Housing Limited. 
On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's 
Earnings Conference Call for the 4th Quarter in the Financial Year 2026. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement: 
Some of the statements made in today's Earnings Call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as 
well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. Audiences 
are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward -looking statements and 
making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's Earnings Call  is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
Company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Now, let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's Earnings Call 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. 
We have with us Mr. Varun Gupta  – Whole-Time Director and Mr. Vikash Dugar  – Chief 
Financial Officer. 
[[PAGE 3]]
 Page 2 of 22 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Vikas h Dugar to start with his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Vikash Dugar: Thank you. Good morning to everyone. And a warm welcome to all of you for joining our 
Earnings Conference Call for the 4th Quarter and the Financial Year 2026. 
The Indian real estate sector witnessed strong momentum during FY26, supported by resilient 
residential demand, premiumization trends and increasing preference for branded and 
organized developers. Industry consolidation continued to benefit financially di sciplined 
players with strong execution capabilities and established market positioning. 
The Senior Living segment  also continued to gain traction driven by changing demographics, 
rising urbanization and increasing preference for community -based living among senior 
citizens. 
With limited organized supply and rising awareness, the segment offers a strong long -term 
growth opportunity for developers focused on this category. 
FY26 was a landmark year for the Company driven by strong demand momentum, healthy 
launches, robust execution and disciplined business development across key markets. 
I will first take you through the operational highlights for the quarter and the full year followed 
by financial performance. 
Starting with operational performance for the quarter: 
The value of area books stood at Rs. 1290 crores, reflecting strong growth of over 225% 
sequentially and 124% year -on-year growth. The performance was primarily driven by 
successful launch of Ashiana Aaroham Phase-I and Phase-II in Gurugram  which contributed 
booking value of around Rs. 833 crores at launch. 
Average realization during the quarter improved significantly to Rs. 11,566 per square foot, up 
71% year-on-year, largely driven by higher realization from the Gurugram launch. 
Execution momentum also remained strong, with equivalent area constructed at 6.65 lakhs per 
square foot, increasing around 60% year-on-year and remaining broadly in line with committed 
timelines. 
The Company also maintained healthy cash flow generation with pre -tax operating cash flow 
of Rs. 167 crores during the quarter, up around 7% year-on-year. 
In terms of business development: 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Page 3 of 22 
The Company further strengthened its Senior Living portfolio during the quarter through 
acquisition of 8.83 acres of land in Raigad, Maharashtra, with estimated sales potential of 
around Rs. 450 crores. 
Additionally, the Company entered into an agreement for another land parcel in Panvel, 
Maharashtra, with estimated sales potential of around Rs. 1,000 crores. 
Moving to full year operational performance: 
FY26 was one of the strongest years in the Company's history. The Company achieved its 
highest ever booking value of Rs. 2,421 crores, reflecting growth of 25% year -on-year. The 
Senior Living segment  also delivered record bookings of Rs. 570 crores during the year, 
registering growth of around 55% year -on-year and reflecting sustained demand momentum 
in the category. 
Execution remained robust throughout FY26 with EAC increasing 30% year -on-year to 226.19 
lakhs square foot in line with project commitments and execution schedules. Customer 
collections reached an all -time high of Rs. 1762 crores during the year, supported  by timely 
execution, successful launches and strong collection efficiency. 
The Company also maintained strong launch momentum across Jaipur, Bhiwadi, Gurugram, 
Chennai, Pune, Jamshedpur, further strengthening its project pipeline and market presence. 
The Company expanded its Senior Living  portfolio through strategic land acquisitions in 
Chennai and Maharashtra, adding development potential of over 26 lakhs square foot with 
estimated sale potential of around Rs. 3,200 crores. 
In addition, Ashiana Aaroham Gurugram received funding support from IFC through allotment 
of Rs. 100 crores of listed unsecured redeemable NCDs. 
During the year, the Company also settled a long-term dispute relating to Project Maitri Kolkata 
and received Rs. 18.5 crores as FNF against the security deposit and related expenses incurred. 
Coming to the financial performance: 
Total income for the quarter stood at Rs. 335 crores registering growth of around 46% year -
on-year, primarily driven by handovers across projects in Jaipur, Pune and Chennai. 
EBITDA for quarter stood at Rs. 35 crores registering growth of around 19% year-on-year while 
EBITDA margin was at 10.43%. PAT stood at Rs. 21 crores remaining broadly stable on a year -
on-year basis with margin around 6.26%. 
For the full year FY26, total income increased to Rs. 1,187 crores more than doubling compared 
to FY25 in the wake of higher deliveries. EBITDA stood at Rs. 176 crores registering growth of 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Page 4 of 22 
281% year-on-year while EBITDA margin at 14.85%. PAT for FY26 stood at Rs. 118 crores 
compared to Rs. 18 crores in FY25 while PAT margin improved to 9.93%. 
Further, pre-tax operating cash flow for FY26 stood at Rs. 577 crores which also was highest 
ever registering growth of 34% year -on-year reflecting strong sales momentum and healthy 
collections. 
Overall, FY26 was characterized by strong operational execution, robust demand across 
segments, disciplined expansion in the Senior Living business, healthy cash flow generation and 
significant improvement in profitability positioning the Company well for sustained long-term 
growth. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question -and-answer session.  Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We take the first 
question from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight FinTrade Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit D. Patil: Good morning to the team. I have two questions. My first question to Mr. Gupta is, what type 
of strategic levers are you prioritizing in FY26 -27 to expand Ashiana's residential housing 
footprint across Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities and to strengthen customer engagement in Senior 
Living projects and manage risks from regulatory changes and construction cost inflation? 
That's my first question. I will ask other questions afterwards. Thank you. 
Varun Gupta: Hi Sucrit. So, I see sort of three questions in there. I will take the last part first with respect to 
construction costs and regulatory compliance. 
On the construction cost piece, inflationary increases will be impacting costs going forward. I 
don't think there is much to say with inflation increasing in wholesale prices. We hope that 
some of those might cool down if geopolitical situations improve. 
That said, I think the price points that we have been able to achieve in our projects leave 
sufficient room that even if costs increase, our margins will actually continue to improve on the 
reported basis because we have been able to lock in good prices on  those projects with 
relatively low land costs. I think that has kept margins in check. The other thing on construction 
is the faster we execute, lesser inflation hurts us. 
Fortunately, last year was a good year where we improved execution by 30% year-on-year. And 
we have less to execute going forward in terms of deliveries in what is locked as compared to 
what we would have if construction would have been poorer in the year. So, I think that's one 
way to really hedge against inflation. 
And regulatory risk in this business is part of the business. The way to ensure that is  we are 
disciplined, compliant, don't overstretch ourselves and keep our things. And building that into 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Page 5 of 22 
the DNA as we move along, improving our processes for compliance, improving our systems 
for compliance, more and more of that becomes more formalized in the Company and we have 
been doing that. 
Second, on the Senior Living piece around what we intend to do, I think the Senior Living piece 
we are intending to grow across markets. We have picked up five projects that we need to 
launch in the next 12 to 24 months having a GD V (Gross Developmental Value) of more than 
Rs. 6,500 crores in those five projects across Chennai, Bangalore and the Bombay, Pune region. 
We look for more projects in the NCR region, we are looking for more in Chennai and Bangalore 
and the Bombay-Pune region as we speak. 
What we plan to do is have Senior Living at multiple price points where we straddle a larger 
variety of price points catering to different socio -economic categories of customers with 
different projects. 
And on the Tier-2, 3 premium homes, I don't think we intend to do more new cities of Tier-2, 
3. We will continue to do work in the existing markets of Jaipur, Bhiwadi and Jamshedpur 
whereby Bhiwadi to us is really an extended part of NCR. If you consider Kalyan to be a part of 
Bombay from MMR market, Bhiwadi is effectively an NCR market. And in Jamshedpur and in 
Jaipur, we will continue to keep looking for JVs and executing as we have been doing earlier. 
Sucrit D. Patil: You have answered all the questions. My second question to Mr. Dugar is, what type of capital 
allocation and risk management frameworks are being applied in 2026-2027 to balance 
working capital requirements with funding for new housing projects? Any hedge against 
interest rate and raw material volatility? And any buffers put into place to sustain liquidity for 
long-term cycle in real estate development? Thank you. 
Varun Gupta: Sucrit Varun here again. Vikash Ji and I looked at it. We don't look at capital allocation from 
such a complicated perspective at all. Vikash Ji has put together a very robust capital allocation 
framework in two things, in one location level measurement of our returns to make sure that 
our capital is performing. And also, where we are allocating capital, we look to not land-bank, 
launch our projects as quickly as we can by going for making our design, going for approvals 
and launching. So, we are not land-banking. So, that's not something. 
And the second bit is to make sure that construction is mostly financed from  customer 
advances. So, we don't have really interests to work with or liabilities to handle on that nature. 
And also, go through a project within a 5-6 years’ framework once it's launched. If we do that, 
I think we are more or less okay. 
Vikash Dugar: Just to add to what Varun Ji mentioned, I think we always chase profitable growth. So, the ROE 
remains the single most and the strongest metric. And of course, the GP margin, roughly 30% 
that we have talked about in the past, remains the single most critical metric basis which we 
evaluate the project economics. 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Page 6 of 22 
So, based on that only, we look at allocating capital. And we have spoken about this. We are 
allocating more and more capital towards the Senior Living segment. We want to increase that 
segment of the business more and more. 
And coming back on working capital thing, I think we have got strong momentum going as far 
as generation of operational cash flows are concerned. So, most of the working capital 
requirements are being met through our customer advances.  And any need -based 
requirement, if at all it arises, then we go for construction funding. But we are pretty well -
placed as far as working capital management is concerned. Thank you very much. 
Sucrit D. Patil: Thank you and best wishes. 
Varun Gupta: Thank you, Sucrit. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rohit from iThought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit: Hello. Good morning, Varun Ji and Vikash Ji. So, one question I think we have asked is, and I 
think I will continue to ask this. 
So, sir, if I look at your presentation on Page #26, so we have this land available, right, which is 
now, like we have been selling around 2.5 million square feet every year. So, the remaining 
land, that is pretty much 25 lakh square feet. Of course I know that you have ongoing phases 
and existing projects as well.  But just from continuing the growth perspective, and I think we 
had a few things which there were CPs and all going on for the land that we were, that we had 
initially signed up. So, if we can maybe talk a bit about that, because next two, three years, the 
next phases will all get over. And given land buying is a very long-term kind of a thing. So, how 
do we think about that? 
Varun Gupta: So, thank you Rohit for pointing that out. So, two things, along with that 26 -odd lakh square 
foot that we have on Page #26, you are excluding Milakpur in that, and rightly so. We have 
another 40 lakh square foot, which is of ongoing phases, which is 66. 
What is also not included in this deck is, in April we signed up another 2 million square foot in 
the Mumbai-Pune region, near our Ashiana Amodh project in Vadgaon. So, that adds another 
20 lakhs square foot, so that takes it to 86. And then there is another project of about 11 lakh 
square foot in Bangalore, which we have sort of done title diligence, done MoU, and there were 
some CPs for the landlord to do.  On that, there has been progress on the CP movement, the 
CP that needed to be resolved. The tricky issue of the CP has been resolved. There is only 
procedural matters left in it. 
I think maybe another couple of months for that to get resolved, and then we will execute the 
definitive documents. But in my head, I consider now that project very much 99% likely. So, 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Page 7 of 22 
with that, I think we get to about 96 lakh square foot in total, which is about 4x of our annual 
throughput right now. 4x is just enough to sort of maintain the annual capacity. We will need 
to improve this by adding more this year. And we are targeting to add more lands this year. 
I think the Senior Living pieces is where we will continue to focus and add more opportunities. 
As I have already mentioned earlier, in Senior Living we see land opportunities, we see places 
where we can find viability. We are in active discussions in multiple places, and hopefully we 
will add more and get that going. 
Rohit: Okay. That's good to hear, sir. And I hope the Bangalore project also gets you a new geography, 
which will really help us in the coming years. 
So, the other question was  now next two, three years, we will probably report very decent 
profits in the next two, three years, given all the deliveries will now be reported in the numbers. 
Any broad thought process in terms of, like, how much will you sort of look at from a land point 
of view? I mean, let's say that is your CAPEX. 
So, like, how much is that CAPEX? And how much are you sort of going to keep, any other 
things, let's say, buyback or anything else because that would be substantial amount. 
Varun Gupta: It will be a substantial amount. So, right now the thought is deploy as much as we can in 
growing the business rather than returning back capital to shareholders either by form of 
buyback or dividends.  That is the intent as of now. As I said, Senior Living is a place where I 
think we will deploy bulk of this capital, and we will like to keep some otherwise also available 
for opportunistic things. As I said, let's say in Gur ugramn, I think we are quite confident that 
we will be able to build a decent brand and a good brand with premium pricing when we deliver 
our projects.  We have gotten to, let's say, where we are getting, we are in the bottom of the 
top tier of brands in Gurugram. We want to get into a higher tier there for the product we are 
in. And as we deliver our product, we think we will be able to get pricing. 
When that starts to happen, I would like to have the opportunity of doing large transactions in 
these large markets. So, we would like to keep cash on the books for that as well. So, given sort 
of that thought, I think it's not something that we will do large buybacks or large dividends.  
Dividends on absolute terms will grow. I don't perceive they will not grow. But capital allocation 
will be focused on growing the business if that's the way to go. 
Rohit: No, I absolutely endorse that. And I think that's the right way to do it. And sir, just one question. 
Moderator: Rohit, I would request you to join back the queue for follow -up questions. Ladies and 
gentlemen, in the interest of time and fairness to others, we request you to restrict to two 
questions per participant. We take the next question from the line of Ishita Lodha f rom Swan 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Page 8 of 22 
Ishita Lodha: Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is with respect to the recent 
announcement that we made on Mahindra World City that we decided to terminate the lease. 
So, can you please explain why did we not go ahead with this? 
Varun Gupta: Hi, Ishita. So, the Mahindra World was subject to some conditions, President, that Mahindra 
World City in Jaipur had to get done. They needed to get their social infrastructure layout 
approved so that they could carve out the residential parcels that they wanted to sort o f sell 
to other developers. 
Unfortunately, it took over 18 months we were with them. They were not able to get those 
approvals due to, I would say, exigencies outside of their control as well given the situation on 
approvals there. And since they were not able to get those approvals,  we were not able to go 
ahead with the transaction. 
And we thought since there was not enough visible timelines on approvals, we thought it was 
better to sort of right now terminate the lease with a view that in case that happens in the 
future, we can always restart discussions with them given that we enjoy very good relationships 
already. We have done two transactions with them in Chennai prior to this. 
Ishita Lodha: Okay, so in the presentation on Page #26, the title is Land Available for Future Development 
which shows 22.7 acres of Aaranya Project MWC Chennai. So, this is different from the one 
that got cancelled? 
Varun Gupta: Yes, this is different from the one that got cancelled. The one that got cancelled was for Jaipur. 
So, Mahindra has two of these World Cities, one in Jaipur and one in Chennai.  We have done 
one transaction already in Chennai which is going on which is a project called Ashiana Vatsalya. 
And Aaranya is right next to Vatsalya and that transaction is fully concluded. We are in the land 
to launch phase that we call within the Company. 
Ishita Lodha: Okay, thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Synclair Dsouza from Lalkar Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Synclair Dsouza : So, as Senior Living projects grow across India and people get more familiar with Senior Living, 
so as competitors will also increase, right? So, then how is Ashiana planning to differentiate 
itself from other competitors? 
Vikash Dugar: Synclair Vikash here. So, I think Senior Living, the way we look at it is more of a structural story, 
the way it is unfolding gradually, which is gaining more and more acceptability among the 
senior urban living population of the country. So, I think that's where the opportunity lies, that 
more and more players participate. 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Page 9 of 22 
I think overall the size of the industry grows. Rather than thinking it through a lens that more 
and more competition will arise, I think more and more serious players join in. I think the 
industry overall, the size will increase, it will gain, and players  like us or for that matter any 
other serious player will also stand to gain. That's the way we look at it. 
Varun Gupta: I would add further, Synclair  , that we enjoy a very good brand equity and have a track record 
of delivery. And I think people, when they are buying off -plan, their confidence on the brand 
and its capability to deliver not only the ready product but also the capability to operate and 
maintain and manage the development later on. We have that. 
And right now also the competition that is coming in. Outside of a couple of developers, we are 
not seeing very large -scale developments, the kind we do with the amount of amenities and 
the quality of amenities that we are doing. And the size generally is not prevalent.  More is 
prevalent to do 2 acres, 3 acres, 4 acre developments, which by nature of land size amenities 
get comparatively lesser than, let's say, a 12 -15 acre project. I think that is also something I 
would just bring to light, that the kind of projects we are doing, right now nobody else is doing, 
because you have to commit a lot more capital and take a lot more risk, where we have sort of 
now figured out what to do. So, we are more and more comfortable with doing larger projects. 
Synclair DSouza: Got it. Sir, one more question is, how do you all see this war affecting people's perception of 
buying houses currently? 
Varun Gupta: Synclair I think it is very difficult to comment. I think we have no capabilities to analyze impact 
of such geopolitical situations and say what will happen in the future. We just look at what is 
happening today and anything else we see, which is more factual and structural. 
So, what impact of the war, I don't know. What I can definitely say though, from a Senior Living 
perspective, and one of the reasons why we are shifting more and more our business towards 
Senior Living, aging in India and increasing financially independent seniors in India is a fact and 
given. That's just how demographic profile is. People are living longer, health is better, fertility 
rates are lower, financial savings have increased, so seniors who retire now will have wealth 
rather than financial dependence on the next generation. All of this is sort of clear and a fact 
today. And it's a fact today and that's what we are relying on. 
We have no capabilities to say what the current geopolitical situations or any future 
geopolitical situation, the impact that will have on our business. We end up quoting news 
sources and opinion makers, otherwise we read that you have access to as well.  So, nothing 
further. 
Synclair DSouza: Yes, I got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Saurabh Kumar from Scientific Investing. 
Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Page 10 of 22 
Saurabh Kumar: Hello, sir. I have two questions. First question is on Senior Living. And my understanding is new 
to the Company, so correct me if I am wrong. Right now, I think we build apartments and we 
sell it. But from a service perspective also, it is going to be a very, very big market. I know we 
are doing some kind of services, but I don't think that is very significant. But over 5 to 10 years, 
do you see annuity -based services kind of model where the Company will be participating?  
That is one. And second is I think we have done very well in terms of how the balance sheet 
has scaled up. If I could take a number, I think our inventory is 4x up in last seven years without 
taking much risk on the balance sheet side, which is a commendable performance in the 
commoditized sector. 
So, when we look four, five, six years down the line, how do you see this inventory again going 
up from current levels given the kind of plans we have? These are the two questions. 
Varun Gupta: So, honestly, on the second part, we never thought about how our balance sheet would be 
today, five years ago in this terms of how inventory would scale up. Overall, hopefully it will 
continue to scale at a good pace because our overall construction momentum has sort of built 
up and we should add to inventory. I believe that the Senior Living business will add to growth 
in the organization and we believe Senior Living can be a really big play in the country. 
At the moment of time, we don't think the annuity -based, leasing-based model is the way for 
us to go given the low sort of yields that are there in the country and therefore, they are just 
not attractive from a return perspective. Indians much prefer to own their own properties and 
also, I think, given the lack of a proper leasing structure in the country, if you are older, you 
actually would want more permanence for your house. You are less willing to move and if I am 
70, I don't want to be shifting homes and moving. 
So, the propensity to rent from that perspective becomes lesser because we don't have a long-
range leasing deposit kind of a structure and a model yet evolved which is financially viable. 
So, in the medium term, which is let's say up to the five-year term, I don't see leasing to become 
a big business for us or a services-based business which becomes a large driver of profitability. 
The profitability in the next five years will continue to come from home sales. How it will change 
after five years, I really do not know. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shovan Dey from Reva Private Wealth 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Shovan Dey: Hi, sir. Good morning. Sir, regarding the path to a 20 %-plus reported ROE in FY27, so, which 
project handovers the primary divers for this target? Like, what is the biggest exceedance and 
risk to those specific sites today? 
Varun Gupta: So, I would say that in general, we need to break most of these numbers, right? Even if one or 
two slips, it can be a large dent. What I would say is, probably Ashiana Malhar Phase-II and 
Anmol Phase-III have the least impact because they are lower-margin projects. Other projects 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Page 11 of 22 
are all decent margins. Now, depending on their revenue contribution, you can decide which 
one is more important, and that sheet is in front of you. So, let's say Ashiana Amara Phase-II 
with Rs.  290 crores of revenue is a lot more important than, let's say, Ashiana Prakriti in 
Jamshedpur with Rs. 102 crores of expected revenues. But I think we are on track to get to 
more than 20% reported ROEs for the year. There is some room for slippage here as well, given 
if we maintain even the PAT margin that we have gotten this year. I think with a lower revenue, 
we will hit 20% ROEs. And I think year-on-year margin should improve actually this year.  So, 
there is a little bit of room there from a 20% ROE perspective. 
Shovan Dey: Okay, got it, sir. Next question. We recently acquired 38 acres in Chennai and Maharashtra, 
adding to an estimated of 3,200 crores of sales potential for the Senior Living portfolio. What 
are the margins on these new parcels and what do you expect that per square foot structurally 
expand as these vertical scales up? 
Varun Gupta: So, let me put it this way. Including the one more project that we have done in Vadgaon in 
Maharashtra and the Bangalore parcel which put together have a GDV of 6,500 crores in Senior 
Living. I would say these projects at the project level before, let's say, general administrative 
expenses of the corporate, should operate at about 30 %-35% of margins.  Now, how the 
corporate fixed costs will behave as a percentage will depend on total top line. But that's what 
we would expect to do that. I think we can look at about gross profit margins of between 35%-
40% and you are looking at about 5-6% of selling cost and therefore about 30%-35% of margins 
at the project levels on average. Some of them would be higher, some of them would be lower 
depending on our pricing power within those markets and our ability to position the product 
correctly. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Anubhav Goyal from Cosmo Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Anubhav Goyal: Hi, sir. Sir, congrats on the recent large deal done for Senior Living. Sir, I just wanted your 
thoughts on various state government policies. I think there is this Maharashtra housing policy 
of 2025 which brought out attractive terms for Senior Living for developers and buyers. So, just 
wanted your colors. Do they materially improve your economics?  Are you now seeing more 
and more players enter this sector? And are other state governments also now following up on 
these lines? 
Varun Gupta: Other governments have not followed on  the lines of Maharashtra yet. People are coming up 
with different regulations for Senior Living. Some of them is also tightening the regulations 
around services so they are more consumer -oriented which is also a good thing because the 
more confidence that customers will have, that developers will actually deliver, the more the 
business sector will do well. The policy of Maharashtra is also not yet notified in the sense the 
rules are not framed, the policy framework that needs to be incorporated in the development 
control regulations have not yet been incorporated. So, the policy is right now, I would say, 
more of an intent and less of an operational policy that you can actually utilize. 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Page 12 of 22 
As and when it becomes operational, I think what it will do for us is it makes it easier for us to 
look for parcels which are more suitable for Senior Living because we are looking for a little bit 
more scenic areas, more neighborhoods which have a different charm, if that's the way to put 
it, for seniors because they don't have to be in the city anymore. Those neighborhoods will 
become a little bit more easier to work with and more parcels might come up for development 
if this policy goes through. And the other thing that Maharashtra has also done within 
MAHARERA, they have defined what all you need to fulfill to be able to market yourself as a 
Senior Living project which is also a good thing because that regulation also creates a little bit 
of regulation which will give more faith to the customer that this Senior Living will be actually 
what it is. 
So, I would say overall the policy framework right now is encouraging for Senior Living. Yes, 
there are some places where over -regulation, over -ambitious regulations are a concern in 
some states but I think those will also get resolved as things move along. 
Anubhav Goyal: Got it, sir. And, sir, just a follow -up on the previous question someone asked of slow -moving 
projects. So, you have mentioned we can extend 35 %-40% gross going ahead and previously 
you have said  that FY27 margins should be better than FY26 and FY28 should be materially 
better because all the low-margin projects and I think Malhar is the only slow -moving project 
which can impact this. 
Varun Gupta: Slow-moving is the wrong word. Low margin is the better word, right? It could be moving fast 
with. Yes. So, go ahead. 
Anubhav Goyal: So, apart from Malhar, is there any other one -two projects you see where this can marginally 
impact the improvement in margins? 
Varun Gupta: So, different projects have a different margin profile. So, Anmol is the other one I said which is 
the last phase is getting delivered in this year where the margin profile is significantly lower 
than what we generally underwrite. Now, there are some projects which will be at our general 
level and some projects going forward as we have had some projects which have been below 
our general levels, there are now projects which are significantly above our general levels. So, 
there will be volatility in the margins, I would say, on a quarterly basis for sure. But the margin 
profile for a full year basis in 2027 will be better than 2026. And the margin profile in FY28 will 
be better than 2027 overall. That's the general expectations right now. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ankit Shah from White Equity 
Investment Advisors. Please, go ahead. 
Ankit Shah: Thank you for taking my question. My first question is, you mentioned that we acquired a land 
parcel in Mumbai-Pune belt, maybe Vadgaon, in April. I missed that part. Can you substantiate 
that a bit? 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Page 13 of 22 
Varun Gupta: Okay, so, we have acquired about a 28.5-acre parcel on the old Mumbai -Pune highway in a 
place called Vadgaon. It's very close to our current project Ashiana Amodh. We will do a Senior 
Living project here, about 20 lakhs square foot, approximately, let's say, 1800 to 2000 crores 
of GDV. 
Ankit Shah: Okay, that's helpful. Sir, if you can share guidance for pre -sales for FY27 and the launch 
pipeline, the phases and new projects. 
Varun Gupta: So, new projects, we are looking to launch Ashiana Oma, Ashiana Tattvam, and Ashiana 
Aaranya. Ashiana Oma is a premium housing project in Jaipur where all approvals have been 
received. We should launch in the next couple of months.  Ashiana Aaranya and Ashiana 
Tattvam are slated for launch in the Q4 of this year. And phase launches, it's hard to say, but 
basically, we have phases. Aaroham Phase-III should get launched this year.  And phases in all 
our Senior Living projects like Advik, Amodh, Vatsalya, Swaran g, we should be launching at 
least one phase in each of the Senior Living projects is what I would expect this financial year. 
So, we should have decent launches in the financial year. The pre -sales target for this year is 
Rs. 2,200 crores that we are targeting. But I would say more importantly, I think we are really 
looking to grow Senior Living. Senior living is targeted to cross even Rs. 700 crores. I think Senior 
Living sales have been growing at a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) of more than 50% 
for the last 5 years, if that's the way to put it. 
We have gone from Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 570 crores in a 5-year period in Senior Living. I think 
the key metric that we are looking for pre-sales is to really, really revive Senior Living. The more 
it does well, the more the long term is defined because to me, it's a structural story.  It's a 
structural change in India's demographics, particularly in the Western and the Southern part 
of the country and some of it in the Northern part of the country. I would say the Eastern and 
Central part of the country stil l remains very young demographically but these parts of the 
country are changing structurally both in financial independence of seniors and overall 
percentage of seniors and urban seniors. That's the pre-sales I think we are really, really – even 
though it's a smaller subset, I think that's taking a larger attention of the Management Team, 
if that's the way to put it because that's where the future lies for us. 
Ankit Shah: Perfect. In this context, we were planning a project with Epoch in Bhiwadi. Can you update on 
that please? 
Varun Gupta: Okay. So, with Epoch Elder Care, we have signed up our assisted living part of the business. So, 
Senior Living has two pieces in the business.  One is what we call independent living,  active 
living or they are called Active Adult Communities in the world. These are for folks who are 
seniors but they are active. They don't need assistance in their day-to-day life. 
You are creating amenities for socializing, for wellness, for companionship, for activities, for 
constructive purposeful living and this is 99% of our Senior Living business if I were to say and 
which is basically where we make our profits. In our Senior Living projects, we throw in a tad 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Page 14 of 22 
bit of assisted living because our independent living customers might in the future at some 
point of time require assistance and care services and caregiving and so we build these at our 
projects. They are not necessarily our focus for our customers from a  profit perspective. It's a 
sort of a value-added service that we are providing. So, in one of our projects, instead of doing 
it ourselves, we have tied up with Epoch Elder Care who specialize in doing this to see if we can 
outsource this activity to free up management bandwidth to focus on the active piece itself. 
So, right now, we are running two large care homes. 
One will be this in Bhiwa di called Nirmay Care Homes gone to Epoch and the other will be in 
Chennai in Ashiana Shubham. That care homes, we plan to manage ourselves and to see what 
the difference we have when we have outsourced one of the projects and then take a call on 
future strategy of care homes. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shubham Sehgal from SIMPL. Please go 
ahead. 
Shubham Sehgal: It's an opportunity. So, you have just mentioned the launch time of Aaranya and also... 
Moderator: I do apologize to interrupt you, Shubham, but your audio is not coming in clear. Could you 
please use your handset? 
Shubham Sehgal: Yes. Is it better now? 
Moderator: This is better. 
Shubham Sehgal: Could you just provide me the rough timelines for projects the Pune-Karjat one, the Bangalore 
one and the Pune-Vadgaon one. And also, so, if we see the delivery timeline, so, currently for 
FY29 and ‘30 and let's say ‘31, we are roughly around Rs. 800 crores to Rs. 1000 crores each. 
So, will these new land -bank projects be like getting delivered in those financial years or  like, 
are we planning on any other projects to be delivered then? So, just these two questions. 
Varun Gupta: So, I will walk you through.  Ashiana Oma, Ashiana Tattvam and Ashiana Aaranya are to be 
launched within this financial year. I clarified earlier as well Oma within the next couple of 
months. And Aaranya and Tattvam in Q4 of this financial year is what we are targeting. 
The other three projects, which is Wavarle, Vadgaon and Bangalore, we are targeting to launch 
in FY28. There will be build-up in FY30 and FY31 deliveries and values there. Most of it will be 
built not through new launches of projects, but launches of existing phases. 
I would say all the phases that we have that we are looking to launch, which would be around, 
I think, 25 odd lakhs square foot, we would probably look to wrap them by FY31, whether it's 
Ashiana Vatsalya, Ashiana Advik, Swarang, Ashiana Aaroham, all of those launches by FY31, we 
would look to launch that up. So, that will definitely add up there. Of these new project 
launches, I would say, Ashiana Oma definitely should get delivered within FY30 or FY31. 
[[PAGE 16]]
 Page 15 of 22 
Partly not the full project, but the phase which we will launch in the next couple of months 
should definitely get delivered by FY30, I would say. The other projects of Aaranya and Tattvam, 
FY30 would be difficult, but I would expect some part of it to come in FY31, and the other three 
projects which are going to get launched in the next financial year will probably go to FY32. So, 
some part of Aaranya and Tattvam should also come into FY31. 
So, there will be these two financial years which will build up. You will see every quarter, 
something or the other getting added to these two financial years, is what I would say. 
Shubham Sehgal: Currently, our realizations are on a higher end just because of our launch of Aaroham, but going 
forward, how do we see our realization trajectory moving up? Like blended one, because Senior 
Living would be higher, but on a blended basis. 
Varun Gupta: So, on a blended basis, I think our realizations, if you look at our full year realizations, the 
quarter realization is what Aaroham is really impacted because we are at 9,000 for the full year. 
I would say our realizations should be in this 9,000 to 11,000 kind of a range. I would say maybe, 
hopefully should move to about 10,000 on a blended basis as Senior Living starts becoming a 
larger profile. And let's say, Jamshedpur and Jaipur , which are relatively lower price markets 
also become a litt le lesser in quantum though even Jamshedpur and Jaipur have now moved 
to 7,000 plus for us as markets. And in Senior Living also, Vikash Ji was just pointing me out to 
add that we are premiumizing as well. So, the As hiana Aaranya and Ashiana Tattvam are a lot 
more premium products than what we have historically done in Senior Living. So, there is a 
premiumization story playing out.  So, I would say 10,000 rupees a square foot is definitely 
something we should look to get to. 
Shubham Sehgal: Okay, got it. Thanks a lot. 
Varun Gupta: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of GaathaJain from Anantnath Skycon 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Gaatha Jain: Hi sir, thank you so much for the opportunity. Just wanted to know the land area and price for 
Oma.  
Varun Gupta: Land area of Oma is around 10 acres. 10 acres is Ashiana Oma. We are not launching the entire 
project I think. And roughly the pricing should be we haven't I think closed the exact pricing. 
But in the 7500 to let's say 8500 range , it will land somewhere or 7500 to 8000 it will land. 
Exact pricing is yet to be concluded fully I think. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Varun Bang  from Bandhan Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 17]]
 Page 16 of 22 
Varun Bang: . So, this first question with respect to our Panvel project what is the upfront investment in the 
Panvel project and what could be the realization assumption for Panvel and given that this is 
our first project in Panvel , do we have to rely on channel partners for sales or we can drive 
direct sales how we are doing in other Senior Living projects. 
Varun Gupta: So, Hi Varun. We don't generally give out individual project investment details like this publicly. 
So, I will refrain to do that. The pricing of Panvel has also not been concluded yet. I think the 
launch in Q4 I think there the pricing will get more and more ascertained closer to launch. We 
give some GDV ideas basis some pricing, but I don't want to get into the exact sort of pricing as 
of the moment. We will be doing it at the highest end of any Senior Living that we have done 
that we can tell you. And will we have channel partners I think Senior Living we have started 
using channel partners but the reliance on channel partners is very limited. The Senior Living 
market is sold mostly directly because it's more of a specialized sale to a specialized customer. 
And we already have a lot of customers from Bombay in Ashiana Amodh in Pune 50% of our 
customers there have been from Bombay recently. And even Utsav Lavasa has had significant 
Bombay customers historically. So, I would say majority or nearly or material sales should 
happen directly and channel partners should contribute some parts in the beginning. 
Varun Bang: Got it. And just to my first part with respect to upfront investment if that is not possible if we 
can just broadly share if we are targeting 15% PAT margin 15 -18% PAT margin can you share 
ballpark breakup of this 82%-85% the remaining portion that would be helpful. 
Varun Gupta: I wouldn't like to share that on a project specific basis, that's the only thing, Varun, but let me 
put it this way, as I said, you are looking at about 35 %-40% at the gross profit level of projects 
in general, about 5% of sales and marketing, so you are looking at a project level margin of 
30%-35%, you take out general administrative costs after that, any financial costs we have, and 
take out tax effectively to get to PAT margins. And as I said, general administrative costs will 
vary depending on actually what the revenue would be in a particular year. On the direct costs, 
which is let's say about excluding sales costs, about 60 %-65% of revenue, typically, we would 
look at about 5% of what I call project overheads, which are approval costs, architect costs, 
construction cess, environmental fees, OC fees, all of that put together, which is like soft costs 
of about 5%, hard construction costs would vary between the 40%-50% ranges, and land costs 
will vary between the 10 %-20% range. So, that's the breakup that you will have.  So, some 
projects might have a 10% land cost with a 45% construction cost, some might have a 20% land 
cost with a 40% construction cost, it will vary a little bit depending on that, depending on the 
deal structure also. So, outright purchases generally have a lower land cost component as a 
percentage of revenue, and revenue -share projects have a higher component of land cost 
because you are paying overhead effort basis. So, that's the basic breakup, and I hope that was 
helpful. 
Varun bang: Yes, that was helpful. And with respect to the Vadgaon project, back -of-the-envelope 
calculations suggest that we are assuming realization of around Rs. 9,000 for this project.  If I 
[[PAGE 18]]
 Page 17 of 22 
say a Malhar project, it is giving us roughly Rs. 7,000 of capital, Amodh is giving us probably 
another Rs. 7,000. So, is this going to be slightly premium versus Amodh and Malhar, and which 
is why Rs. 2,000 premium to understand this better? 
Varun Gupta: There is no benchmarking to Malhar at all, there is benchmarking to Ashiana Amodh. My 
understanding of Amodh is it is about north of Rs. 8,000 a square foot in the newer phases. We 
are at Rs. 8,200 -8,300 a square foot.  Yes, so Amodh Phase-III, I was doing the maths  on the 
deck only, it's at about Rs. 8,500 a square foot. So, there is no more premiumization right now 
planned, we are planning as if it is similar to Amodh in its thought process in that working. As 
we plan the project, can that change? Yes, it can change a little bit and then our prices might 
go up if we premiumize the product even more. But right now, it's just expectation of Amodh 
plus inflation a little bit for the delay of launch from current Amodh price. 
Moderator: Thank you. Participants are requested to restrict to two questions per participant. We take the 
next question from the line of Rohit from I Thought PMS, please go ahead. 
Rohit: Just a couple of questions, I think just on Pune like you mentioned earlier Gurugram you are 
going deeper and you are probably in the pecking order at the bottom of premium brands, you 
want to increase it. So, in terms of Pune, which means like, I think about five, six years that we 
are now in Pune. So, how are you seeing that?  And do you want to go deeper into Pune? Or 
how? I mean, just wanted to get a sense of that. 
Varun Gupta: So, Rohit, we are going deeper in Pune in terms of Senior Living, and we look at Bombay and 
Pune sort of fused together because the projects are serving both Bombay customers. So, half 
our customers are Bombay, and half our customers are Pune, 40% in Bombay, 40% in Pune and 
Ashiana Amodh, and 20% is from the rest of the country, or NRIs both. That is the place where 
we are going deeper.  So, we have done three transactions, right, between Panvel, Vadgaon, 
and Wavarle in the last, let's say, three months, and those projects put together have a Rs. 
3500 crore GDV basis. So, that is us going deeper in that market. We are not looking to go 
deeper for premium housing yet.  As you said, Malhar has been a low margin project, and we 
still haven't figured how to get a decent margin project in premium housing in Pune. What 
happened in Gurugram was, even though Anmol was a low margin project, we learned from 
Anmol that to make money in Gurgaon, this is what we need to do. And we understood that.  
In Pune, we still haven't been able to understand that yet. But in Senior Living, we are doing 
well. We are profitable, margins are good, volumes are good.  So, we decided, this is what we 
are doing well, let's just go deeper in this product profile and do multiple price points here. It 
was that. So, we are going deeper, I would say. 
Rohit: Got it. And similarly in Chennai, of course we have done 3 or 4 Senior Living now. So, we are 
going to be again only in Senior Living  there, or do you think there is an opportunity for 
something which can go beyond Senior Living also? 
[[PAGE 19]]
 Page 18 of 22 
Varun Gupta: There is an opportunity to do non-Senior Living, I wouldn't rule that out. Are we actively looking 
for it? Not very active. So, if something comes within what we call our relationships where we 
have comfort, we would do a non -Senior Living project there. But again, in Chennai, the kind 
of Senior Living project that we have taken, now Aaranya, to me, the way we have decided the 
product is probably a Rs. 1,800 crore kind of a GDV project. And if we can do that, itself that 
adds a different kind of depth to the Chennai market for us.  And selling Aaranya and Vatsalya 
together, next door to each other, with differentiated and more premiumized product in one 
versus the other, that's the strategy we are going to go deeper in Chennai as well. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shovan Dey, from Reva Private Wealth 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Shovan Dey: Hi again. As we allocate capital towards premium and Senior Living land banks, what are the 
primary macroeconomic or operational scenarios, stress test, again st to protect the balance 
sheet over the next three or five, might be five years? 
Varun Gupta: Microeconomic scenario, sir, I don't know what the macroeconomic scenario would be. As I 
said, from a Senior Living piece, we see a structural shift in the demographics of the country, 
in the Western and Southern parts of the country, and Northern parts of the country to me, 
that's the macroeconomic protection towards Senior Living and going there. And the other bit 
is we are low debt, high cash. So, that keeps us, so even if shocks come along, we can absorb 
those shocks basically. 
Shovan De: Like any major wrong things that can happen to the senior portfolio, what are the scenarios 
that you can think of on an immediate basis, that these are the wrong things that can happen? 
Varun Gupta: One, excess competition could come in, but I right now believe this competition should actually 
grow the market. Second, we might take up more than we can chew. So, Senior Living will grow, 
but may not grow at the pace that we expect it to grow. Third, we may not be able to handle it 
managerially in the number of projects that we want to handle, if that's the way to put it. And 
fourth, maybe our choice of markets could go wrong. These are very different markets.  Like 
our Senior Living in Jaipur didn't do so well, but our Senior Living in Chennai did extremely well 
when we launched. So, maybe our choices might go off. I don't know. I can list out 20 different 
things that could go more wrong. Like I am constantly worried about what all can go wrong. 
Approvals can get delayed, construction costs can go up.  I don't know. There are numerous 
things which could go wrong. 
Shovan De: Okay. My final question would be, like FY30 guidance of Rs. 2000 crore cumulative PAT, what 
are the biggest bottlenecks to achieving it? 
Varun Gupta: Achieving delivery timelines right now. I think the supply of materials, our scaling up of 
execution, some labor shortages that people are talking about. Meeting the delivery timelines 
will be our biggest sort of thing. And launching Aroham Phase-III this year, launching Oma. And 
[[PAGE 20]]
 Page 19 of 22 
as I said, Tattvam and Aaranya, if we launch within this year, there are parts of it which can 
come on track. Those were the sort of bottlenecks. As of now, we are on track to achieve that 
number. Overall, we seem to be on track. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Varun Bang from Bandhan Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Varun Bang: Just two follow -ups. Firstly, on the cost of construction, which you said is probably rising. 
Broadly, can you share the sort of rise that we are seeing in cost of construction both on QoQ 
or YoY basis? And second part to this question, in terms of when we underwrite the project, 
how much do we typically build in increase the inflation part? Can you share? 
Varun Gupta: So, when we pick up a land, we don't underwrite any inflation, either in the sale price or in the 
construction cost. If it is, it's like 4%-5% here or there, till launch inflation. Post-launch we just 
don't know how prices will behave, how construction costs will behave. So, if anything, we will 
then just underwrite CPI for both the construction cost and for the sale price, if that's the way 
to put it. I think the assumption is that cost of construction and sales both will go up on a 
consumer price index level.  This year, probably, CPI will be more than what has been 
historically in CPI. I think we are expecting about 8-10% increase in construction costs in this 
financial year, on a year -on-year basis, as of now , given the information we have  If things 
change in the next couple of months, anything  more or less can happen.  But as of now, the 
information is such. 
Varun Bang: And just one request. I had shared an email with Vikash Ji regarding compliance requirements, 
wherein we needed some data for our internal filing. It would be helpful if you can share that 
information. 
Vikash Dugar: Okay. We will have a look at the mail and then come back. Okay. 
Varun Gupta: Varun, in case you don't get a reply, can you resend an email again tomorrow, please? Seems 
like it might have slipped in our inbox for some reason. 
Varun Gupta: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rahul Jain, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: Yes, so my question is, so if I look at the presentation, I see the value of, like, units delivered in 
FY26 is about Rs. 988 crores. But the revenue that we have recognized is around Rs. 1140 
crores. So, I wanted to understand  from where is this extra Rs. 150 crores of revenue coming 
from? 
[[PAGE 21]]
 Page 20 of 22 
Varun Gupta: You're looking at the consolidated accounts, if I am correct, Rahul? So, in the consolidated 
accounts, 1) we consolidate the maintenance services business, which is an annuity business, 
so the revenue is coming. 
Vikash Dugar: The other reason why the revenue would be a little different is that we already would have 
some inventory left in already delivered projects. So, some of that inventory also gets sold. So, 
that top-up also comes in. So, those two have to be added to the numbers that we are showing 
in the presentation, and that's how the revenue overall is stacked up. 
Rahul Jain: Okay. So, when you say handover done, does that mean that all the units of that project ha ve 
been accounted in revenue, or something is left which may get recognized in the next quarter? 
Vikash Dugar: So, when we say that the project is scheduled for handover, that means when we are going to 
complete the project, issue IOPs and recognize the revenue to the extent we manage to sell 
the units. And the units which are unsold, they remain in our stock and gradually get sold. But 
as and when that delivery starts, or  we start the handover, that's when we broadly mention 
that this is the year in which the deliveries will happen. 
Varun Gupta: So, just to clarify further on that, it only is for the sold units and not for the unsold units, clearly. 
And in sold units, if anything is slipping to the next quarter, then we write started handing over 
instead of handed over. So, when the word handed over is there, everything has been recorded 
which is sold. Only the unsold portion, when it gets sold, will be recorded for revenues 
specifically. If it says started handing over, then it means that some of it is coming into the next 
quarter as well. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Arpit Ranka, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Arpit Ranka: Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Hi Varun.  So, it's great to see the increased commitment 
towards Senior Living. All the best for the sale. I had just one quick question on the class action 
suit that was filed last year in October.  Given the customer centricity with which we work, it 
was a little surprising actually. And if not mistaken, this was a project which was delivered 
almost five, six years and above before the case was filed. So, what led to that, was there no 
possibility that both the parties could have managed to settle it without going to the litigation 
route? And second, what is the latest on that? And just in conclusion, generally your sense, if 
it was filed in October, how much time does a case like this typically take? Because it would be 
good to know how it kind of concludes actually. 
Varun Gupta: So, there are two aspects to the case. One, if there is a consumer complaint that has been filed. 
And in the consumer complaint, they have made the consumer complaint a class action by 
taking it from just the consumers who have filed a complaint to everybody in that project.  
Whether there is a class action applicable on this suit or not, we have gone to the High Court 
in Delhi to say that there is no class action applicability on this matter. Our lawyers have opined 
[[PAGE 22]]
 Page 21 of 22 
that we should get something favorable from the High Court and therefore we have gone and 
litigated in the High Court. High Court is still going through dates because we have to service a 
lot of customer notices and everything so there is some process going on. I hope that this High 
Court decision should come in sooner than later. Maybe within this financial year we should 
have something. These would be my expectations. In the consumer forum matter, even if High 
Court rules, the consumer complaint will go o n at least to the extent of the customers who 
have actually filed consumer complaints. We would have preferred if we can settle the matter 
out of court, we would love to settle with our customers. The last thing as an organization we 
want to do is litigate  with our customers. Somehow though, on the post -handing over period 
during maintenance, there has been some increased litigation from some consumers 
particularly here. Even though when we check back with our consumer satisfaction, when we 
check on NPS sco res, we take feedback, even in this project, our overall levels of customer 
satisfaction seem very high. Rents in the project are up.  Prices in the project are up. General 
levels when we visit the project, the upkeep and the maintenance, with our eyes we are 
satisfied with. But unfortunately, this litigation has happened of this extent. How long can the 
consumer forum matter take? I c ompletely don't know. It's very hard to comment on the 
judicial system in India. It can go for years, sometimes earlier. We really don't know. I have had 
a matter in a consumer forum where the matter got argued and it got reserved for judgment.  
All the judge had to do was write the order and pass it on. That took 7 years from the date of 
reservation of order to the date of actually pronouncing the order. When you see something 
like this, you just don't know when it will get done. And then you have seen things which have 
gotten addressed in 6 months, 8 months as well, completely fully. So, I really don't know how 
long it will take . But my suspicion is that it will be longer than shorter given the number of 
parties involved. 
Arpit Ranka: For somebody who is tracking the Company for 15 plus years, it just doesn't add up. It's one of 
those things which if you didn't see it coming from the Company, you will wonder, right? Given 
the customer-centricity with which we work. Customer-centricity is to everything. 
Varun Gupta: Unfortunately, if you go into that project and you spend time with the customers, you will see 
in that project also this does not add up. As a Company, you might be customer centric and 
you might say, they scaled up and they will mess up somewhere and they have really messed 
up here and that's why it should add up here from a customer dissatisfaction perspective, 
right? The litigation doesn't add up to me. The customers are litigating with us, and we are not 
able to resolve this on an out-of-court basis. Even if you go to the project, it doesn't add up for 
somebody. So, it is what it is at the end of the day. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the last questions from the line of Rahul Jain, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: Yes, my second question was on that. Are we seeing any pricing pressures or like higher  
oversupply in any of the markets that we are operating in? 
[[PAGE 23]]
 Page 22 of 22 
Varun Gupta: There is no oversupply yet. Signs of some oversupply in Gurugram and Pune are visible. 
Whereby in last two quarters in Gurugram we saw very heavy launches so absolute unsold 
inventories increased substantially for two quarters in a row.  If that trend continues for 
another, let's say, four quarters we will definitely be oversupplied. So, we will see how the next 
couple of quarters go where to that is. Pune also has some signs of oversupply and so that's 
what I would say Bhiwadi, Jamshedpur and Jaipur, I don't see any oversupply yet. 
Rahul Jain: Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the Management for their closing comments. 
Vikash Dugar: Thank you all for participating in this Earnings Conference Call. In FY26 we are encouraged by 
the strength of our sales momentum, launch pipeline and operational cash flows. We remain 
focused on timely handovers in FY27 and on building long -term value through disciplined 
execution and customer-centric development. If you have any further questions or would like 
to know more about the Company please feel free to reach out to us directly or you can 
alternatively reach out to our Investor Relations Managers at Valorem Advisors. The Investor 
Presentation and relevant mater ials are available on our website , and we will be happy to 
provide any further clarifications you may need. Wishing you all good health and a productive 
year ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Ashiana Housing Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 