
[[PAGE 1]]
Max Estates  Limited 
Corporate Oﬃce: Max Towers, L-20, C-001/A/1, Sector-16B, Noida-201301, Uttar Pradesh, India, | P: +91 120-4743222  
Regd. Oﬃce: Max House 1, Dr. Jha Marg, Okhla Phase 3, Opposite Okhla Railway Station, Okhla Industrial Estate, New Delhi -110020  
Email : secretarial@maxestates.in | Website : www.maxestates.in | CIN: L70200DL2016PLC438718 
August 14, 2025 
BSE Limited  
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 Dalal Street  
 Mumbai – 400 001  
 Scrip Code: 544008 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex   
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai – 400 051  
SYMBOL: MAXESTATES 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, in continuation of our intimation dated August 6, 2025, for schedule of the 
Earnings Conference Call, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
conducted on August 11, 2025, at 11:30 a.m. (IST) to discuss Q1 & FY26 financial results 
performance of the Company.  
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you,   
Yours faithfully,  
For Max Estates Limited  
Abhishek Mishra  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
[[PAGE 2]]
 
 Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Max Estates Limited Q1 FY-26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 11th August 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Management: Mr. Sahil Vachani – Managing Director & Vice Chairman, Max 
Estates Limited  
Mr. Nitin Kansal – Chief Financial Officer, Max Estates Limited 
Mr. Archit Goyal – Head, Investor Relations  
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Max Estates Limited Q1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference has been recorded. 
I now hand the conference to Mr. Sahil Vachani – MD & Vice Chairman of Max Estates Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Vachani: Thank you and good morning to all for joining us on this Quarter 1 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call for Max Estates. 
Along with me today, we have Mr. Nitin Kansal – our CFO and Mr. Archit Goyal – our Head 
of IR and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. The Presentation has been issued to the Stock 
Exchanges and uploaded on our Company's website. 
I hope you have all had the opportunity to go through it.  
Let me first share some industry highlights and then business highlights for the quarter: 
Delhi NCR is expected to maintain its dominance across the country's top metros in terms of 
semi-luxury and premium housing demand and supply in the country. Infrastructure 
advancements, employment opportunities and increased urbanization continue to strengthen the 
NCR's housing market in the near to mid-term. 
The first half of the Calendar Year ‘25 proved strong for this residential segment. Ultra-premium 
homes priced at Rs. 5 crores and above continue to attract high-end buyers with volume sales 
growing by 9% to 5,200 units approximately in the first half of the year. Across the top seven 
cities, Delhi NCR accounted for 65% share of the total premium and luxury sales. Factors such 
as rising disposable income, aspirational lifestyle priorities and home buyers scouting for homes 
with better amenities have kept the demand steady in this region, not to mention the 
consolidation that we see is continuing. Despite an annual decline in residential sales volume for 
the first half, real estate developers are actively launching premium supplies with the best 
amenities and superior construction quality. The share of premium and luxury sales to overall 
sales has also risen to 27% as compared to 19% previous year.  
On the commercial front: 
NCR's office space leasing touched an all-time high of 7.2 million square feet in the first half of 
the year, up 27% year-on-year. This makes NCR the second largest commercial office market 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 17 
in the country. Gurgaon leads both commercial and residential segments as demand shifts 
towards premium offerings and global firms expand their footprint. Noida has also caught up 
well with the Gurgaon market in the first half of the year. Global Capability Centers or GCCs 
have also expanded their share, growing from 11% of leasing activity last year to 31% in the 
first half of commercial year ‘25. Transaction volumes also remain vibrant across major business 
districts in both Gurgaon and Noida. Noida's expressway corridor and Gurgaon's golf course 
extension remain magnets for global enterprises that value high construction standards, robust 
infrastructure and fantastic ecosystem and developers with a proven track record of execution.  
Coming to Max Estates: 
I am delighted to share that till date we have recorded cumulative pre-sales of more than Rs. 
7,300 crores in just 2 years for which the projects are under implementation. Of this, we have 
already collected close to Rs. 1,800 crores with a collection efficiency of more than 96%. We 
plan to launch Rs. 9,500 crores of new projects or GDV in the second half of this year across 
three projects and across two micro-markets, one in Gurgaon and two in Noida and target of 
FY26 pre-sales of INR 6,000 crores which was our original guidance as well, representing 15% 
to 20% growth over FY25.  
We are poised for an annuity rental income potential of over Rs. 700 crores over the next 5 years, 
basis peak occupancy of projects currently in the portfolio. At present, our real estate portfolio 
stands at 17 million square feet spanning both commercial and residential asset classes, including 
projects currently under development. Speaking on the residential portfolio and coming to our 
projects. First, Estate 128 Noida, both in Phase-1 and Phase-2, having booked more than Rs. 
2,700 crores of pre-sales, 100% sold out, we have collected Rs. 905 crores till date already. 
Phase-2 of Estate 128 saw 40% price premium over Phase-1, reflecting strong demand for design 
and hospitality-led end-user-focused residential developments and solidifying the brand of Max 
Estates. Estate 360 in Gurgaon recorded pre-sales value of Rs. 4,600 crores approximately, with 
98% of the projects sold as of 30th of June. The project has already received a collection of close 
to Rs. 900 crores as of June ‘25. Max Estates joined development in Gurgaon on land parcel of 
18 acres having a potential of 4 million square feet adjacent to the already successfully launched 
Estate 360 project has a GDV potential of Rs. 9,000 crores and is planned to be launched in Q3 
of FY26. 
On a medium-term basis, we target cumulative pre-sales of Rs. 21,000 crores by FY28, growing 
at a 15%-20% CAGR. Of this, projects which we have already secured include Estate 361 in 
Gurgaon, Delhi One in Noida and Sector 105 in Noida as well, which contribute about Rs. 15,000 
crores of this GDV. These launches are planned in FY26 and FY27.  
Now, coming to the mixed-use portfolio: 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 17 
As we updated, Max Estates has received the final approval from NCLT and NCLAT for the 
revival of the Delhi One project, which is designed to be as a luxury first-of-its-kind mixed-use 
development. The project spans approximately 2.5 million square feet within the 10-acre land 
parcel. The project planned to be launched in Q4 of FY26 has a gross development value of Rs. 
2,000 crores as well as an annuity income potential of Rs. 220 crores annually. The development 
of this project will consolidate Max Estates' position as a leading premium real estate developer 
in Noida and in NCR. 
In addition to this, Max Estates has acquired a 10-acres land parcel in Sector 105 through an 
auction from the Noida Authority for Rs. 711 crores, which is again a mix of residential and 
commercial. This project has a gross development value of approximately Rs. 3,000 crores and 
an annuity annual rental income potential of approximately Rs. 150 crores. This project is also 
expected to be launched in Q4 of FY26.  
With this, please allow me to hand it over to our CFO; Nitin Kansal, for a detailed update on the 
commercial portfolio as well as financial updates. Thank you. 
Nitin Kansal: Thank you, Sahil. Good morning, everyone. 
Let me give you an update on the commercial portfolio: 
Max House, Noida and Max House, both Phase-1 and Phase-2 in Delhi, continue to be 100% 
leased and occupied with a rental income of Rs. 13 crores and Rs. 12 crores, respectively, for 
Q1 of financial year ‘26. Max Square has also achieved 100% occupancy within a year of its 
launch with a recent lease of 23% area to a marquee lessee, Adobe, commanding a 30% premium 
to the micro-market, showing strong leasing traction. 
Coming to commercial projects under design and development: 
Max Square Two, Noida, project having a leasable area of 1 million square feet is on track and 
is expected to receive occupancy certificate by Quarter 2 of financial year ‘28. The project is 
expected to yield an annual rental in excess of Rs. 110 crores. Max 65 at Sector 65 Gurgaon 
having a leasable area of 1.6 million square feet is on track and is expected to receive occupancy 
certificate in two phases. First Phase-of 40% by Quarter 2 of FY28 and the second Phase-by 
Quarter 3 of FY29, respectively. The project cumulatively is expected to have an annual rental 
in excess of Rs. 200 crores.  
Overall, our commercial portfolio is poised for an annuity rental income potential of over Rs. 
700 crores on a 100% basis over the next 5 years. All the developments across the Work Well 
and Live Well portfolio are pre-certified to be LEED or IGBC Platinum or Gold ratings with 
deep focus on best practices for sustainability and health and well-being. We are delighted to 
also announce that our commitment to end-user experience reflected in how we operate our 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 17 
assets has also earned us the prestigious LEED O&M Well Health and Safety and Multiple ISO 
certification. With our strong growth momentum and an unwavering commitment to the Live 
Well and Work Well philosophy, creating spaces that elevate the quality of life, we are confident 
in our ability to emerge as a dominant force in the NCR real estate market, targeting a position 
among the top two brands. Our priorities remain cantered on sustaining a healthy balance sheet 
and generating robust cash flows, enabling timely execution and delivery of our commitments.  
To give you a financial update on our Quarter 1 Results: 
Our consolidated revenues stood at Rs. 52 crores in Quarter 1, showing a growth of 27% on 
year-on-year basis. The consolidated  EBITDA stood at Rs. 14 crores in Quarter 1. Consolidated 
PBT stood at Rs. 17 crores and PAT stood at Rs. 12 crores in Q1 FY26. Total area leased is Rs. 
1.2 million square feet across all our commercial assets. 
Leased rental income across the three asset Max Towers, Max House and Max Square was up 
33% year-on-year basis. And the revenue for Max Asset Services was Rs. 13 crores in Quarter 
1, showing a growth of 52% on year-on-year basis. As on 30th June, the gross debt of the 
company stood at Rs. 1,406 crores with a cash balance of Rs. 1,578 crores. We had net cash of 
Rs. 172 crores. Further, of the debt of Rs. 1,578 crores, share of Max Estates stood at Rs. 837 
crores, with a balance of Rs. 730 crores representing the share of New York Life in the 
commercial estate.  
Now, I would like to open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Ashwini Agarwal from Demeter Advisors. 
Ashwini Agarwal: Hi, morning Sahil and team. Wonderful updates and results. I had a couple of questions. One is 
on the commercial portfolio, once the whole thing is rolled out, what is the kind of debt on a 
consolidated basis that you will have in the commercial portfolio once your full Rs. 725 crores 
odd of rental potential is in operation? And how much of that would be Max Estate’s share, any 
ballpark number? 
Nitin Kansal: So, thank you. This is Nitin. Once we have all the assets completed under construction and the 
lease rental flowing of Rs. 700 crores, our construction finances would have been converted into 
LRD and our existing LRDs would have got significantly paid down. At that point in time, we 
would be expecting a number of close to Rs. 1500 crores, which would be outstanding, of which 
our share would be corresponding to 51%, a number close to Rs. 750 crores, which you can 
expect a debt on account of Max Estate.  
Ashwini Agarwal: And is there any money that New York Life still needs to bring in or they brought in everything? 
Because now they have 51% across all projects. 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 17 
Sahil Vachani: They got 49% across all projects. So, what is happening, they have deployed capital for our 
commercial assets 65 Max Square and the Delhi One 105. There is a small component of cross 
close to Rs. 100 crores across these assets, which they need to bring in, which we will, which 
they will deploy, we will do a capital call at the appropriate time, as in when the project needs 
capital. At this juncture, we... 
Ashwini Agarwal: Sorry, what's the amount that still needs to be called?  
Sahil Vachani: Close to Rs. 100 crores across all the assets. But having said that, this is a total availability of 
capital, which we have with them. Having said that, parallelly, we have also achieved financial 
closure on these assets by raising debt. So, this capital would be required to be called from, if I 
am right, in the second or third year from here on.  
Ashwini Agarwal: And the area that is being serviced by Max Asset Services, there you collected Rs. 13 crores 
during the 1st Quarter. Is all of that just the service revenue or that includes some development 
revenue that you are allowed to collect on projects under development jointly with New York 
Life? 
Sahil Vachani: So, this is all facility management income, the development manager fees, which is 5% accrues 
on the balance sheet of MEL. That doesn't go to Max Asset Services. This is purely an account 
of facility management. 
Ashwini Agarwal: Okay. And this is roughly about Rs. 35 per square foot per month. Would that calculation be...  
Nitin Kansal: We have got multiple assets. Now, we have got facility management charges ranging from Rs.  
20 to Rs. 30 depending upon... In the case of Max House, the number might be close to 30. And 
in the case of Max Square, the number will be 20. You can say the average would be close to 
25, which you would be collecting across the portfolio.  
Ashwini Agarwal: But that 13 number doesn't come, no, because right now the area that's being serviced is roughly 
1.3 million square feet, right? 
Nitin Kansal: So, the only catch which comes in this is, in addition to the area we own, there's another, what, 
0.3 million square feet, which is owned by Max Life Insurance Company in Max Tower, in 
which the income also accrues to Max Asset Services.  
Ashwini Agarwal: Oh, okay. That's a mistake I am making. And the residential portfolio will basically be self-
funded through customer deposits or customer advances. 
Nitin Kansal: Yes. In fact, as you see, we have been already able to collect close to Rs. 1,800 crores across 
both the assets which we have launched till date. And we also carry a balance close to about Rs. 
850-900 crores against both the assets, which are currently in the RERA accounts.  
[[PAGE 8]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 17 
Ashwini Agarwal: And last question, Sector 105 Noida, the residential portion, is there a minority interest holder 
there or that's 100% Max Estate? 
Nitin Kansal: So, there are, in fact, three holders in that. We have got Max Estate owning 51% over there. We 
have got New York Life, and we have got other minority shareholders also, which are in the 
tune of 7% and close to 43% is owned by New York Life. 
Ashwini Agarwal: No, but that New York Life would be the commercial part, right? The residential part they don't 
participate, or they participate.  
Sahil Vachani: In these two projects, Ashwini, in both 105 and also Max One or Delhi One, New York Life has 
a shareholding across the whole project.  
Ashwini Agarwal: Okay. So, whatever are their realization that you do from residential sales will go to them as 
well.  
Sahil Vachani: Yes, I don't think the revenue, but at the bottom line. Yes, after we fund the commercial portfolio 
there.  
Ashwini Agarwal: Thank you so much and all the best. 
Sahil Vachani: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth and from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: Thanks for the opportunity. The first question is on the demand side. So, I think quite an 
actionable quarter in terms of multiple launches across various developers, and we have seen 
projects getting absorbed from 50% to even 100%. Now, how do you see the demand going 
ahead, considering this uncertainty around tariff etc. which might impact certain sectors, etc. So, 
how do you see it going ahead? And as per your assessment, what worked in last quarter in terms 
of products, etc., which would be a key learning for our projects, which are coming for us in the 
second half? 
Sahil Vachani: Thank you, Pritesh. So, firstly, I think we all live in a very uncertain environment and it's very 
difficult to be able to predict the future. Frankly, my guess is as good as yours in terms of how 
some of the things will pan out with tariffs and the ramifications or outcomes of that. Having 
said that, what I will say is that for us at Max Estates, we remain very confident because of the 
following reasons. Number one, if you look at our launches, they are spread over three different 
projects. In Gurgaon, there's a project and two projects in Noida. Second, in the project in 
Gurgaon, our launches are we have a section that is for Max Estates and a section that we will 
sell under the Antara brand. So, from our perspective, there are two different product categories. 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 17 
There are two different brands and there are two different sales networks or channels through 
which we sell that. So, that's the second. The third is if you look at it from a sized perspective, 
each launch that we are doing is not more than 350-400 units per se in each location or micro 
market. In fact, in Noida, we will have 290 units. In Delhi One, we'll have 50 units only. And in 
Gurgaon, we will have a total of about 450 units. So, it's not that the concentration of the number 
of units in each micro market or in each location or in each project is very large. Fourth, what 
we are seeing to your question in terms of how we have seen it in the past is brands who have, 
there is a consolidation trend. There is a shift towards quality. And we believe that at Max 
Estates, we are at the forefront of that with what we have delivered and the kind of confidence 
that we have garnered. More so that there has been an uplift and even for the price appreciation 
that people have seen in our projects has been far superior to what the market has seen. So, there 
is an overall added optimism in terms of what we want to do. So, if I were to summarize our 
strategy of having multiple brands, which is Antara and Max Estates, our strategy of not 
concentrating in one micro market and just one location, our strategy of the number of units in 
that project, we remain very confident that we will be able to do that. In terms of the larger 
question on demand, honestly, it is very difficult to predict the future in these uncertain times.  
Pritesh Sheth: Sure. And just whatever sales you did in this quarter, in terms of your usual conversion cycles, 
timelines, etc. any marked change there versus what we have usually seen?  
Sahil Vachani: Actually, for us, it's been pretty good because we have no inventory left now at all. We have 
sold everything that we had and also for us, the collections have been fantastic. So, a key lever 
I understand is how good collections are. And if you look at our collections, we are at 96%-97% 
collections overall and the remaining 4% are also those that are not due right now. They are due 
in the next few weeks. So, what is due, we have collected 100%. So, our collection cycle has 
been really fantastic as our numbers show. So, we are very optimistic and confident that for us, 
particularly, it's not showing any signs. But like I said, we live in very uncertain times, and we 
will see what the coming months have in store for us. 
Pritesh Sheth: Sure. And just on the slide in the growth pipeline, there are quite a few changes that I see in that 
disclosure versus last quarter. So, I think Noida, one of the projects which was outright last 
quarter, has been converted to JDA this time. Is it on our discretion of how we want to go ahead? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes, absolutely. It's on our discretion. And I think while we are very optimistic and we want to 
close out opportunities, we are very aggressively pursuing opportunities. We don't want to do 
that at the cost of financially being imprudent or being too over aggressive. And therefore, with 
some of the prices that they work out in the way that they are and there is sometimes a mismatch. 
If we go out for an outright acquisition, we feel sometimes it may be more prudent from a balance 
sheet perspective to look at some of those deals through a JDA construct. Having said that, we 
are still very confident of our continued focus on business development. We have 2 years of 
pipeline that is already that we have secured. In fact, a little bit more than that. And we are very 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 17 
confident that this is growth, and we are very confident that we will add to that for our third year 
onwards. 
Pritesh Sheth: Sure. In general, what are the timelines for each stage? Like, how much time does it takes for us 
to reach a final signing from commercial negotiation or a definitive documentation, if you can 
explain that for our benefit? 
Sahil Vachani: I think from the day we start commercially engaging on a deal to when we close the land, it takes 
anywhere between 9 months to 12 months, from full for the full end of the cycle from start to 
finish. We have had experiences where we have done it in a shorter time as well, about six 
months. But we like to take the time upfront to make sure that we don't get caught out on the 
wrong foot. And because like I said, we are conservative in our underwriting, we are 
conservative in our diligence. And therefore, we would like to take the time up front to do that. 
Pritesh Sheth: So, all of these projects would finally be signed in the next 9-12 months, is it and a little earlier 
as well? 
Sahil Vachani: I don't think that all of them will. But I think that obviously, we are working on, if you see our 
aspiration, it's to add 3 million square feet of projects. And if you look at the total deals that we 
are working on, we are working on around 14-15 million square feet. So, the idea is to add 3 
million to keep with the growth pipeline that we are doing. So, the question is, we have to keep 
many balls up in the air and have many conversations and many deals and try and select the best 
one that we feel is in our interest. 
Pritesh Sheth: Sure, got it. And just one last, I think two Gurgaon projects, the size of those two projects have 
also gone up. Is it just expanding the scope with the same landowner partner or are these like 
completely new projects? 
Sahil Vachani: They are separate projects.  
Pritesh Sheth: Got it. Thanks. That's it from my side. All the best.  
Sahil Vachani: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Seth from One Up Fin. Please go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: Good morning. A couple of questions from my end. Firstly, just continuing the question on the 
BD, what kind of outlay do we expect to spend in FY26? 
Nitin Kansal: Good morning, Ritwik. This is Nitin. What we are expecting to spend is a number in the range 
of Rs. 500 to 800 crores in the BD in the current year. 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 17 
Ritwik Sheth: And do we have cash on hand, like usable cash, excluding the RERA cash?  
Sahil Vachani: Yes, so as we speak, we have got cash available for closing this funding and the operating cash 
flows generated from the existing projects will also help us fuel this growth.  
Ritwik Sheth: Got it. And so, in the last 3 years, we have launched two projects. Actually, two projects and one 
more stage at Estate 128 also, where we saw immediate sales of those projects within a few 
months. So, now seeing the cycle a little bit rationalized, what kind of internal estimates do we 
have like time period for these upcoming three projects for FY26, Delhi One, Sector 105 and the 
Gurgaon sector 36A project? Just trying to get a sense. 
Nitin Kansal: So, Ritwik, what we are doing is, if you have seen, our target launch pipeline for the current year 
is close to Rs. 9,500 crores. And what we're expecting is giving guidance of Rs. 6,000 to 6,500 
crores. Although in the past, what we have seen is a consistent trend across the project that we 
are able to sell all the units in a very short span of time. But in the current year, we are being 
conservative about it. In spite of launching Rs. 9,500 crores, we will be selling close to Rs. 6,000 
to 6,500 crores across these three assets. 
Ritwik Sheth: So, two-thirds of project sales we are targeting in 6 months itself. 
Nitin Kansal: Yes. 
Ritwik Sheth: Got it. And a couple of bookkeeping questions. How much money Max has invested as equity 
in the commercial projects in the two under construction projects till date? 
Nitin Kansal: So, we would have, in terms of equity, deployed close to Rs. 550 crores across these two assets. 
We got corresponding equity share also coming from New York Life. 
Ritwik Sheth: Right. Okay. Got it. And just on the total debt, is everything related to commercial or there is 
some part of residential as well in the total debt?  
Nitin Kansal: So currently, all debt is either construction finance, which is for commercial assets or leased 
rental discounting, which we have taken across our leased assets. For residential, they are still 
funded and the collection being used is getting deployed in the project itself.  
Ritwik Sheth: Got it. Great, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Nitin Kansal: Thank you, Ritwik. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronald Siyoni from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 17 
Ronald Siyoni: Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on the good numbers. Just on the 
sales front, like you would be having less than Rs. 200 crores for Estate 360 Gurgaon. And 
hence, the launch would be very much critical for H2. So, if you can give us at what stages these 
three projects are there in terms of approvals and where should we expect RERA to be filed for 
these three projects?  
Sahil Vachani: Yes, thank you, Ronald. So yes, we are in building plan approval stages for both our 361 project 
and also the Max One project. And we are going to submit our building plans shortly for our 
Sector 105 project. So, like I said, H2 is the right assumption for us, spread over Q3 and Q4 for 
these three projects.  
Ronald Siyoni: And as you mentioned, the number of units to be launched, so in terms of GDV, can you also 
highlight that because some part of it would be launched in FY26? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes, so the GDV that Nitin mentioned is we are going to be launching about Rs. 9,000 crores of 
GDV this financial year. That's our launch plan of GDV and our guidance is to be able to achieve 
Rs. 6,000 crores of GDV. 
Ronald Siyoni: So, bifurcated into these three if possible? 
Sahil Vachani: I think broadly, if you look at it, it will be about Rs. 4,500 crores for Estate 361. It will be about 
Rs. 2,000 crores for Max One and it will be about Rs. 3,000 crores for 105. 
Ronald Siyoni: Thank you very much. And on the Estate 361, did we see a flattish kind of realizations over the 
last 6 months? Like the run rate is coming around 21,700 odd from earlier run rate of 22,500 per 
square foot, so are we seeing a stagnancy in prices? 
Sahil Vachani: No, actually, if I can correct you there, please, Ronald, we launched sales in Estate 360 at, if I 
am not mistaken, a price of Rs. 18,000 to 19,000 square feet. And we are currently seeing a large 
transaction close to Rs. 22,000 a square foot. So, in a short span of almost 6-7-8 months, there 
is also, it's not a flattish curve, it's an increasing, it's an increasing curve. And I just pass on to 
Nitin, he wants to add to this as well.  
Nitin Kansal: Ronald, further to this, what is happening, earlier units had a higher component of PLC, which 
was getting attached to it. When we saw a net realization, the number would have been higher. 
These numbers, the base number has gone, as Sahil mentioned, from close to 19 to 22. But 
because of the PLC not being there on these units, it gives the impression that the realization is 
late. 
Ronald Siyoni: Okay. And if you can just broadly highlight on the pricing front because most of the industry 
does not expect more than single digit hikes this year. So as the kind of price hikes over the last 
2 years, which we have seen, it would be done away with, and we should expect single digit 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 17 
hikes from here on. And if it is, is there some kind of concern in the investor community, 
especially in the Delhi NCR region that would taper down a bit because of this because of the 
low pricing work environment? 
Sahil Vachani: Ronald, what has happened in the last couple of years had been an exceptional run in terms of 
residential real estate pricing. And that was, in fact, that couple of years was more of a reflection 
of what had happened in the last 10 years. So, it was a kind of a catch up, which was happening 
for last 10 years in the pricing, which happened in last couple of years. Going forward, we don't 
expect a repeat of same pricing increase to happen. And we would like to underwrite a much 
more conservative, if I can say, early double-digit kind of growth prices happening in the pricing.  
Nitin Kansal: If I can also just add to that, I think one of the other aspects here is that we are building 
communities that are very end-user driven. And while our belief is that while we cannot control 
what happens during the construction period, we are very confident that when these communities 
are handed over, there will definitely be a significant price appreciation because of the end user 
nature of the community. For example, in Gurgaon, we have senior living. Senior living is not 
even an investor led market; it's more an end user led market. So, we have seen that where there 
is end user occupation is where there will be a significantly better ecosystem to live in, which 
will lead to, as an outcome, better prices. So just wanted to share that as well.  
Ronald Siyoni: Thank you very much. Congratulations again.  
Sahil Vachani: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. Please go ahead. 
Raaj: Sir, on the ongoing part about Rs. 7,589 crores, so what is the EBITDA percentage on which we 
operate? 
Nitin Kansal: So, if you see in our presentation, what we mentioned is that our current project, we have got 
two classes of assets which are running. One is outright, which is Estate 128. We have given 
guidance with a margin of 40% to 45% in that. And in the case of Estate 360, which is a joint 
development agreement construct, we have given guidance of 20%-25% EBITDA margins in 
that. What it translates is that we are looking at an embedded EBITDA of what sales we have 
made in the range of Rs. 2,000 to 2,400 crores as we speak today. 
Raaj: All right. And sir, on the launch part, we are going to launch around Rs. 9,500 crores in H2 
FY26, right? 
Nitin Kansal: Yes. 
Raaj: In that, what will our completion timeline be and what will be our EBITDA in it? 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 17 
Nitin Kansal: In this, again, we would, what we are guiding is that we would be looking at an outright project. 
Our guidance is that an outright would have a margin, which would be in the range of 25 to 30%. 
Our launch in Sector 105 is outright. And in the case of 361, which is a JDA, we would be 
looking at the margins in the range of 15% to 20%. And our expectation in terms of delivery of 
these projects would begin from FY30 onwards. Starting from FY30, FY31, we will have a 
staggered delivery of these assets. 
Raaj: All right. And sir, in overall ongoing plus upcoming part, how much of the funds will be required 
to be invested into it? 
Nitin Kansal: If I can break this up in two parts, one we have got is commercial assets. In terms of commercial 
assets, with partnership with New York Life, we have been able to achieve the complete financial 
closure whereby the partners have bought in the equity and the debt has also been tied up with 
the leading banks. So, they are done with. In terms of residential assets, the way we look at it is 
that in the case of, we have put in the initial money required to put in, to acquire the land through 
equity, which has been done. Also, a capital of close to Rs. 200 crores have been earmarked for 
deployment in these assets before their launch, post which the residential projects become self-
funded and the collection from customers is used to complete the project.  
Raaj: All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sucrit Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit Patil: Good morning to the Max team and good afternoon to Mr. Vachani. My name is Sucrit Patil, 
and I have a forward-looking question for you, sir. How is Max Estate planning to grow its 
business over the next 2 to 3 years? And is Max Estate planning to do it by integrating asset-
light development models, land partnerships or platform-led leasing solutions, as urban real 
estate is shifting towards a more experience-driven flexible format? And an extension to this, 
just a hypothetical view, in case if consumption does not pick up in India as it is forecasted. Is 
Max Estate ready to bite the bullet and slash the prices and give the premium properties which 
they are holding at a discounted rate to incur pay? Thank you very much. That was my question. 
Sahil Vachani: Okay. Thank you. Lots of questions, but I will try and take a few. So firstly, our growth plan, 
we have categorically stated in our opening comments, and I will recap it for a few minutes. 
Basically, our plan is to grow in commercial and residential real estate in the NCR region. Our 
plan is to take our commercial muti-income portfolio up to Rs. 700 crores in the coming 4 to 5 
years. Our plan is to do sales of residential developments up to Rs. 21,000 crores in the next 3 
years. So, this is the 3 to 5-year plan that we've shared both for residential as well as for 
commercial. Your second question is with respect to our strategy of being able to go ahead with 
and acquire these land parcels and to sell as we have demonstrated in the past, we already of the 
Rs. 21,000 crores have a pipeline of Rs. 14,000 to 15,000 crores, which we believe is sufficient 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 17 
for the plan that we have outlined for the next 2 years. And we will continue to acquire more 
assets for our third year and beyond that. In our endeavor to do that, we will be looking at outright 
acquisitions. We will be looking at acquisitions through the insolvency code as we have done 
through NCLT and process. We will be looking at joint development agreements which we have 
made in the past and will continue to do. Also, we look at participating in auctions as we have 
done in the past. So, across all four on the supply side, we look to continue to focus on to acquire. 
On the demand side, we are very focused on, like I said, the commercial side. We believe that 
the global capability centers and the demand for office space, given the demand economics for 
the kind of office spaces that we are creating, continue to be very strong. We are 100% occupied 
across all our operating assets at a 30% premium on the micro market. And we are confident of 
this moving forward. On the residential side, as I explained in the previous question, the answer 
that I had given is that we are focused across many micro markets in Noida and Gurgaon. We 
are focused on multiple projects. We don't have large number of units per project. And therefore, 
we are very well diversified. We are also diversified because some of our large projects have 
Antara Senior Living and Max Estate, which is an intergenerational concept that we have 
pioneered and has done really well for us. Your last question in terms of price drops, I don't see 
that at all. I think our balance sheets, along with many other listed players, are stellar. We are 
net debt zero balance sheet. All our residential real estate projects are fully funded from a RERA 
accounting perspective. And therefore, I frankly don't see a situation of price drops, particularly 
for the organized and listed and strong real estate developers. And we like to consider ourselves 
as one of them. I hope that answers all your questions. Thank you.  
Sucrit Patil: Yes. Just for my ending notes, so you are very positive that the consumption sector will continue 
in the bullish run is what your view is, correct? 
Sahil Vachani: My view is that for an organized brand like Max Estates, with the strategy that we are following, 
we remain confident of achieving our targets. I am not commenting on how the macro can play 
out or some of them, like I said earlier, are very difficult for me to comment on how tariffs and 
some of these things will play out. But for Max Estates, we remain very optimistic and confident. 
Sucrit Patil: Thank you very much. That was wonderful guidance and best of luck for all your future 
endeavors. 
Sahil Vachani: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakishit Gupta from Fair Value Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Prakishit Gupta: Thank you very much for the opportunity and congratulations on a great result. Most of my 
questions have been answered. Just one question, which is more of a structural question in 
nature. This is about your commercial real estate portfolio. Looking at the tenant profile, it's 
super diverse. But I just wanted to ask the exposure to the IT industry and structurally, we 
[[PAGE 16]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 17 
understand that there are certain shifts, such as the slowdown in the US spending, as well as the 
reduction in the total number of people getting hired in these firms. So, do you have any 
comments about whether that shift might also affect real estate developers, such as us? And are 
you seeing any stress from that already? 
Sahil Vachani: Thank you, Prakishit. So, we are not seeing any stress on our portfolio. In fact, on the contrary, 
we are seeing that there is a supply shortage for Grade A quality office spaces. And there's almost 
no vacancy, including ours. So, we are not seeing that at all. To answer your question, from an 
IT slowdown perspective, frankly, our IT exposure in the overall portfolio is in very low single 
digits. So, we don't see ourselves very highly exposed to that. That's also, frankly, a focus area 
for us, because I think moving forward, we can do much better with Global Capability Centers 
and IT to grow. So that is there. I think from the perspective of the clientele that we have, we 
have a very diverse mix of clientele. So, we are across BFSI, professional services, law firms, 
and we are very-very-very well diversified, both in every asset and in the overall portfolio. So, 
in one particular asset, nobody takes more than 20% of the overall building. And in the overall 
portfolio also, the total industry concentration is at more than 20%. And even that is quite diverse 
within that industry. So just I think we feel very confident in terms of our client mix and the 
diversification that we have to augur well. 
Prakishit Gupta: Understood. This is super helpful. Thank you again and good luck for the current quarter. 
Sahil Vachani: Thank you so much.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: Thanks for the follow-up. Just one bookkeeping question. What did the construction spend, 
CAPEX spend, and land spend during the quarter? And then going ahead, it would be just helpful 
if you could provide us with a cash flow statement stating all these facts. I understand we are 
still in a nascent stage, but I think that that information would be helpful. Thank you. 
Sahil Vachani: Sure. Thank you, Pritesh. We will go forward and do that. In terms of our spending in the current 
quarter on the land, we had taken over the Delhi One asset, which had entailed we are putting in 
close to Rs. 200 crores for acquisition for the Delhi One asset. And then overall construction 
spent across all assets would be in the range of Rs. 150 crores, which got spent in the current 
quarter. 
Pritesh Sheth: And construction spend would be both residential as well as commercial, is it? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes, both residential and commercial. Going forward, we will include a table on the subject also. 
Pritesh Sheth: Sure. Okay. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
[[PAGE 17]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 17 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up Fin. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: Thanks for the follow-up. Just on the residential construction spend, what kind of spend do we 
expect for FY26? And the collection, we mentioned that you received the second tranche from 
Estate 128. And what kind of collection do we expect for FY26, if you can give us a sense of 
both these?  
Nitin Kansal: So, in terms of what we have already collected in the first quarter is a number of Rs. 360 crores, 
which is predominantly by the second tranche collection for Estate 128. In the current year, we 
are expecting another tranche of collection to happen in Estate 360, which would be close to Rs. 
900 crores. And so, in total, we would be expecting a number close to Rs. 1,200 to 1,300 coming 
from the existing project, and a number of incremental Rs. 1,000 to 1,200 crores to come from 
the sales, which you see in the current year, a guidance of Rs. 6,000 to 6,500 crores. And the 
total deployment across the estate in terms of construction would be in the range of Rs. 450 to 
500 crores.  
Ritwik Sheth: Approximately Rs. 2,000 crores of collections and Rs. 500 odd crores of construction spend. 
Nitin Kansal: So Rs. 2,500 to 2,600 crores of approx. collection in the current year, with the Rs. 900 crores 
coming from Estate 360 and close to Rs. 500 crores. 
Ritwik Sheth: And what would be the fixed corporate overheads on an annual basis for us? 
Nitin Kansal: So, we have a small, currently the way it is structured is on the corporate overheads are 
distributed across all the assets. And what is the only the shareholder expenses are housed in the 
corporate book. As we say today, the shareholder expenses would be in the range of Rs. 25 to 
30 crores per annum. 
Ritwik Sheth: And one last question from my end. Sir, any update on the Delhi master plan? Any notification 
that has come up or any progress on that front? 
Sahil Vachani: No progress so far. We are also waiting in terms of any update. We are hoping that with the new 
Government in Delhi, they will look to approve the master plan 2041 We are hopeful for that. 
But so far, no update.  
Ritwik Sheth: Thanks Sahil and all the best. 
Sahil Vachani: Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Thank you, everybody for taking the time for joining the 
call today. 
[[PAGE 18]]
 Max Estates Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand conference to 
management for closing comments. 
Sahil Vachani: Thank you for joining the call today and speak to you next quarter. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Max Estates Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 