
[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
Date: August 19, 2025 
Ref. No.: KDL/SE/045/2025-26 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 543328 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
NSE Symbol: KRSNAA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 for Transcript of Earnings Call for quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call held with the analyst and 
investors on Tuesday, August 12, 2025 at 12:30 Hrs. (IST) to discuss the Unaudited (Standalone and 
Consolidated) Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company. 
Request you to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
Sujoy Sudipta Bose 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 

[[PAGE 2]]
 
 Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited Q1 FY-26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDRA MUTHA – CHAIRMAN AND WHOLE-
TIME DIRECTOR, KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MR. YASH MUTHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, KRSNAA 
DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MS. PALLAVI BHATEVARA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MR. MITESH DAVE – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MR. PAWAN DAGA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK JAIN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. AMEY CHALKE – JM FINANCIAL 

[[PAGE 3]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind all participants that today's call may contain statements 
that are forward-looking statements, including, but without limitation, statements relating to the 
implementation of strategic initiatives and other statement s relating to Krsnaa Diagnostics' 
future business developments and economic performance. While these forward -looking 
statements indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our 
business, a number of risks, uncertainties and  other unknown factors could cause actual 
development and results to differ materially from our expectations. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
With this, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amey Chalke from JM Financial. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Amey Chalke: Thank you, Sandhya. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Result  
Conference Call of Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited. 
Joining us today on the call are Mr. Rajendra Mutha – Chairman and Whole-Time Director, Mr. 
Yash Mutha – Managing Director, Ms. Pallavi Bhatevara – our Executive Director; Mr. Mitesh 
Dave – Group CEO, Mr. Pawan Daga – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Vivek Jain – Head (Investor 
Relations). 
I would like to hand over now to Mr.  Yash Mutha for his ‘Opening Remarks’. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Yash Mutha: Thank you, Amey. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Krsnaa Diagnostics Q1 
FY '26 Earnings Call. 
Diagnostics in India is in the midst of a multi-year up cycle. Radiology is set to grow even faster 
as advanced modalities penetrate beyond metros, translating into rising volumes, greater 
formalization and a clear opening for scaled tech -enabled platforms to win share. Krsnaa is 
uniquely positioned to lead this growth. 
We operate across 18 states and union territories, delivering integrated radiology, pathology and 
teleradiology services, the only listed company of scale running a nationwide PPP engine. Our 
quality edge is unmatched with 54 NABL accredited labs, 31 NABH accredited radiology 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 21 
centers, and India's first CAP accredited pathology lab in the government facility and the 
country's first NABH accredited teleradiology hub. 
In terms of our Quarter 1 FY '26 performance, which demonstrates scale with profitability, the 
revenue stood at INR 1,930 million, which is a 13% year -on-year growth with the EBITDA at 
INR 524 million at about 27% margin and the PAT stood at INR 205 million, which is about  
11% margin. We achieved this by serving 5 million patients and processing almost 16 million 
tests at our various facilities. 
On the retail side, our retail momentum is accelerating. Our touch points have surged from 362 
to 2,414 on a year-on-year basis, and the retail revenue has grown sharply. Our B2C contribution 
has increased meaningfully. The retail now contributes 6% of our  overall group revenues , 
compounding quarter after quarter. 
Our moat is clear. We offer high-quality diagnostics at 70% to 90% below the prevailing market 
prices and still deliver margins which are comparable to the peers, powered by a PPP and retail 
hybrid shared infrastructure and disciplined execution. 
In terms of our strategic priorities, PPP as a compounding engine, which continues. We are proud 
to announce the Rajasthan award, which is a transformative achievement with 42 mother labs, 
135 satellite labs and 1,300-plus collection centers across all districts targeted for full operations 
by FY '26 with material revenues starting from FY '27. 
Retail, where we are strong, we are scaling rapidly in Maharashtra, Punjab, Assam and Odisha, 
leveraging the PPP hubs for logistics, QA and the brand trust. 
Radiology scale and the teleradiology leverage. On completion of our current order book, we 
will be operating 200 -plus CT scan MRI centers ranking among Asia's largest. The NABH 
accredited teleradiology hub enables rapid, high-quality reporting to the remotest sites. 
In terms of cost leadership, our cost leadership with quality is intact. Our PACS, LMI solutions, 
automations and the shared infrastructure across PPP and retail drive enduring cost advantages 
without compromising on accuracy or the turnaround times. 
In summary, we are structurally advantaged platform with diversified revenue streams, 
contracted growth from long-term PPPs and accelerating high -margin retail. This is a business 
designed not just to grow with the market, but to take share from it consistently and profitably.  
With this, I will now hand over to Mr. Mitesh Dave, our Group CEO, to take you through RPL's 
momentum and the growth unfolding in our focus states. Thank you. 
Mitesh Dave: Thank you, Mr. Yash, and a very good afternoon to everyone. This side, Mitesh Dave. 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 21 
I am absolutely delighted to share the encouraging progress we have made in our journey to 
build India's most affordable, accessible and integrated diagnostic service platforms spanning 
across radiology and pathology both, keeping quality at its core. 
Over the past year, we have significantly strengthened our presence in retail diagnostic space. 
Our growth is backed by both value and volume, driven by high patient satisfaction, which is a 
true testament to our scalable model, sharp execution and vast untapped potential that lies ahead. 
At the heart of our success is our asset -light capital -efficient model, enabling us to expand 
rapidly without compromising agility or service quality. Today, with 2,400 -plus Krsnaa touch 
points, clocks around 7x increase in just 1 year. 
We have created one of the most widely distributed diagnostic network in India. Our leadership 
in the public-private partnership further strengthens our reach and gives us foundation to scale 
retail even more faster. We are on track to have retail contribu tion from close to 5% to 8% to 
total revenue by FY '26 with clear levers in place to accelerate beyond that. 
Our growth strategy blends company-owned centers, franchisee touch points, collection points, 
deep digital integrations, ensuring affordable and accurate diagnostic wherever patients live, 
work or seek care. 
Under our retail brand, RPL, we are redefining what patients can expect from diagnostics. A 
24/7 accessibility, industry -leading turnaround times, transparent and affordable pricing. Our 
expansion in Maharashtra, Punjab, Assam and Odisha reflects a thoughtful approach, leveraging 
our PPP backbone, while addressing fast-growing B2C demand in both urban and rural markets. 
Digital innovation is centered to this transformation. From seamless test booking to rapid, 
reliable result delivery, our platform improved turnaround times, enhance clinical decision -
making and make diagnostics more patient-centric. 
We are also building a strong B2B B2C ecosystem, partnering with corporates, insurance 
companies, hospitals and independent labs as well as offering home -based diagnostics and 
preventive wellness services. This omnichannel approach ensures we are present w herever 
health care needs is there. 
Across everything we do, trust remains our most valuable currency. The trust of millions of 
patients inspires us to push boundaries, grow responsibly and continuously improve the way we 
deliver care. The opportunity in front of us is enormous, and we are ready to capture it. 
With our strong execution capability, deep diagnostic expertise , and the growing credibility of 
RPL, we are poised to lead the next wave of retail diagnostic in India. 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 21 
Our mission is straightforward and ambitious , to be the doctor's most trusted partner and the 
patient's first choice for affordable anytime, anywhere quality diagnostics.  
With that, I am signing off and handing over to the Mr. Pawan, Chief Financial Officer, to take 
us through the financial highlights. Thank you. 
Pawan Daga: Thank you, Mr. Mitesh. Good afternoon to everyone. Let me take a moment to briefly walk you 
through our financial performance for the quarter. Revenue for Q1 FY '26 stood at INR 1,930 
million, reflecting a robust year-on-year growth of 13%, driven by sustained momentum in both 
radiology and pathology segments. 
Our focus on cost leadership and operational excellence has translated directly to our 
profitability. EBITDA grew by an impressive 19% year -on-year growth to INR 524 million. 
This performance resulting in a 120 basis point expansion in our EBITDA margin, w hich now 
stands at 27%. 
The profit after tax increased by 15% year -on-year to INR 205 million with a margin of 11%. 
This demonstrates our continuous ability to not only grow the top line but also deliver the bottom 
line. Earnings per share of INR 6.25 for Q1 FY '26, up from INR 5.46 in the same quarter last 
year, making a 14% year-on-year growth. 
Our receivable for Q1 FY '26 are at around 120 days. We are also pleased to share that we have 
started receiving long over dues payments from Himachal Pradesh and Karnataka. Furthermore, 
we have received official confirmations of the pending amount from these and other states. 
Thank you. Would you now like to open the floor for the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. (Operator 
Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Surya Narayan Patra from PhillipCapital. 
Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: Thanks for this opportunity, sir. And c ongratulations for the Rajasthan PPP contract. My first 
question is relating to the Rajasthan contract. So, obviously, a large set of labs as well as the 
collection center visibility that's now coming from this PPP contract. So, if you can give some 
idea about what is the investment required here? And in terms of the timeline of implementation, 
over what period this would be implemented? And is there any scope of any delayed 
implementation here the way that we have seen in case of radiology centers or not? So, that's the 
first point that if you can address. 
Yash Mutha: Sure. Thanks Mr. Surya Narayan. So, couple of questions . In terms of Rajasthan , firstly, the 
Rajasthan project, which we won recently after a hol d that was there for various reasons. This 
project is a significant project for us in terms of the scale, the size. So, we look at CAPEX in the 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 21 
range of about INR 200 crores to INR 250 crores, which will help us achieve revenues in the 
range of about INR 300 crores to INR 350 crores on an annualized basis. 
In terms of the project ramp -up, we expect the ramp -up to start in the next couple of months, 
which will probably take about 6 to 9 months, and the revenue will start flowing from the next 
financial year. 
Surya Patra: Okay. So, basically, over a 9-month period, all this 137 labs will be implemented. That is how 
one should believe it. Okay. So, generally, we had seen that, okay, whenever there is a new PPP 
contract, the cost equation, the revenue equation could be different from the earlier ones. So, 
given this center additions, so it is almost like double the number of pathology center that we 
are currently having. So, what impact that we can see to the revenue per test for pathology 
business, whether it would be similar to the existing trend or it would be better, lower? Can you 
give some sense? 
Yash Mutha: So, in the current setup, Rajasthan tender, the revenue per test would be more or less in the 
similar ranges. But as the tender matures, the project matures, we expect the revenue per patient 
also to increase. And as I said, the test menu is different from compared to current different 
tenders. So, the pricing will be slightly differentiated. But I think on a broad -based basis, it 
should be in line, and we hope to see this revenue increasing in the subsequent quarters. 
Surya Patra: Sure, sir. My second question is about the RPL, the retail business venture. So, is it possible for 
you to share also what is the test volume that you would have achieved in the current quarter as 
well as the previous quarter, which was the first quarter of our real RPL business. That is one. 
And also regards can we use this Rajasthan PPP contract also to expand our B2C reach here? 
Mitesh Dave: Hi, Mitesh this side. Yes. To answer your first question, maybe we would like to take it offline, 
and Vivek will get in touch with you to share the patient volumes as requested. However, to 
answer your second query, wherein along with the Rajasthan PPP pro ject, are we geared up or 
are we looking to expand our retail win? Yes, we are very much in line with the same for taking 
up retail along with the PPP Rajasthan project. 
Surya Patra: Thanks. Just one point, sir, here. If I see the segment details what you provide for the retail 
revenue mix, so it looks like that the B2C is really expanding significantly over the period, 
whereas the B2B is relatively lesser. So, practically, initially, I believe that, okay, it would be 
your B2B initiatives that would be helping you drive it. But what really is the focus? And how 
do you want to really have the split between the B2B and B2C here? 
Mitesh Dave: Hi. Again, Mitesh this side. So, while as our philosophy goes with the leveraging our overall 
PPP infrastructure that we have and which is more towards the direct-to-consumer or direct-to-
patient approach. So, B2C has always remained core to us. However, and that was our focus as 
well and which is shaping up the way in line you are seeing the revenue. And parallelly, B2B 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 21 
looking to the most qualitative, affordable and accessibility, it is also adding up to what we have 
really envisaged at that point of time. 
Surya Patra: Okay.  So, in terms of the quality of the revenue, both would be almost similar. There is no 
difference that you mean to say. In terms of revenue. 
Mitesh Dave: Yes. So, B2C is on a higher side as compared to B2B. But B2C is what we had envisaged at the 
point of a time when we started. And B2B is adding up to our accessibility, quality and 
affordability. 
Surya Patra: Sure. Okay.  Thank you, sir. I will possibly be in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: Yes. Hi, good afternoon, Yash and team. My first question is on volume growth, which has been 
quite subdued compared to what we have seen at industry level at 10%. We are at about 4%, 
whether it be patient volume or test volume, however you look at it. So, what are the factors that 
are driving this? If you can please elaborate? 
Yash Mutha: If you see the volume that you  are referring to subdued is majorly which if you compare on a 
like-for-like, it was the BMC, which was in the past. But also, there are some of the projects that 
we suspend the operations, these have resulted. But now if you see on the retail side and overall 
holistically, there's still a lot of growth that is coming through from the overall business as well. 
Lokesh Manik: Okay. So, Yash, if you can just give a sense of broadly utilization levels on pathology and 
radiology, so just if you can give us an idea in terms of what is the growth expected going 
forward? Or will this 4%, 5% be the growth for the entire year? So, just get a sense on that. 
Yash Mutha: So, our growth in terms of overall growth, of course, as  we have been maintaining, it will be 
higher than the industry peers, and that is what we aspiration working towards it from the 
different initiatives that we have done. So, we expect the growth in the coming quarters also to 
be much better than what it has been shown today. From a utilization perspective, those details, 
I think we will ask Vivek to share the details with you offline. 
Lokesh Manik: Sure, sure. And for this year, the radiology and pathology, how many centers or labs you are 
planning to implement, excluding Rajasthan tender? 
Pawan Daga: Hi, Pawan this side. So, in this quarter, we operationalized 3 labs and 2 CTs and 3  MRI, all put 
together. And in the coming quarter, certainly, the remaining 7 or 8 MRI sites in Maharashtra, 
including Madhya Pradesh and one will be in the UP will be getting implemented. And the 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 21 
remaining centers of Jharkhand, 1 radiology, 1 CT and MRI and the pathology will get 
implemented in Q2. 
Lokesh Manik: Got it. Got it. That's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Pawan Daga: Thank you, Lokesh. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ayush Chaturvedi from Arihant Capital.  
Please go ahead. 
Ayush Chaturvedi: Thanks for the opportunity. And c ongratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question 
would be if you could throw some light on the working capital situation this quarter. So, also, if 
you could contextualize it with the ramp-up in the retail that is happening, although it may seem 
a little modest, but then on an annualized base, I think, on a 6% to 7% revenue contribution from 
revenue, likely having a negative working capital c ycle, how would that sort of impact the 
overall working capital situation? 
Yash Mutha: So, on the working capital side, like Pawan mentioned, we have been receiving payments from 
the projects that were overdue. We have also received confirmations, and the money has started 
flowing in after there were some hiccups, procedural challenges that the governments were 
facing. And those are coming through. And therefore, from a working capital, I think we are 
back in the levels that we normally believe are  comfortable, though our aspiration is to further 
improve on the working capital side. 
On the retail side, the retail, of course, that business is also scaling up rapidly, which also further 
helps us in terms of the cash flows, most of these are cash paying customers. So, if you see from 
a blended basis, this gives us a good position to be in, and scale on with the current network and 
infrastructure that we have built over the years. 
Ayush Chaturvedi: Sure. Yes, that's where I  am coming from. Just wanted to understand the impact that it could 
have on an overall working capital, because I am beginning to understand it's become sort of an 
overhang on the returns. Obviously, the higher margins also from the segment would help. But 
yes, if I could see that this would help in a bigger way in the working capital situation. 
Yash Mutha: Yes, of course, as retail expands, it will certainly also help us from the overall return ratios 
perspective. But as I said, Krsnaa, fundamentally, if you see the model is PPP driven, retail will 
scale up. And eventually, both the engines when they come to a meaningful contribution, that 
will also certainly result in better return ratios overall. 
Ayush Chaturvedi: Right. So, that's all from my side. Thanks. 
Yash Mutha: Thank you. 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 21 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rucheeta from iWealth. Please go ahead.  
Rucheeta Kadge: Hello, sir. Very good afternoon. So, sir, my question was pertaining to the Rajasthan contract 
that we have got. So, I would like to understand the cost bump up that will come post this contract 
operationalizes. So, we do something like a revenue share to business partners, so which from 
the last few quarters is stable as a percentage of revenue. How do we see this panning ahead? 
Because earlier, I think when the Rajasthan contract was there, this was around 20%, 24% of the 
revenue. So, going ahead, how would this pan out to be? 
Yash Mutha: Yes. so you are right in terms of Rajasthan project, as it gets implemented, we will of course, be 
leveraging some of these, what we call as business partners. and there will be an element of 
revenue share. This revenue share is a fraction of the revenue that has been generated. They 
handle or support us in various activities. We jointly d eliver these diagnostic services. So, the 
revenue share as a percentage will, of course, increase. But overall, if you see the revenue 
contribution that Rajasthan is expected to add to our overall top line, which is about in the range 
of INR 300 crores, INR 350 crores , f rom that perspective, I think the revenue share as a 
percentage will not be very significant when you look at it.  
In the ratio as a percentage, of course, it will increase, but that will happen as and when the 
revenues increase. And it is not like a fixed cost. It's more of a variable in nature as the revenues 
increase, so do the fees to hospital will be in line. 
Rucheeta Kadge: Right. So, this 8% can go to what, like earlier, this was like around 24% as well, right? So, this 
8% can go to what? 
Yash Mutha: It will be early for us now because, as I said, we are just scoping out the Rajasthan project, the 
implementation. Maybe in the subsequent quarters, we will give more clarity, but it will not be 
significantly high. . 
Pawan Daga: Yes, Pawan, this side. Yes. So, once the revenue sharing also increases, so some of the 
component of the variable expenses either in other expenses or an employee, which will be 
catered in the revenue share by way of a revenue sharing. So, it will not go in overall kitty, the 
sharing will increase . So, other expenses will remain the same . So, it's in combination. So, 
whenever we implement a project at an initial level, we basically partner with the business 
coordinator. Over a period, we start absorbing them and accordingly, the revenue sharing will 
go down over a period of time. 
Yash Mutha: So, revenue share basically, when we give , there are also certain cost components that they 
absorb. So, on a margin basis, on Krsnaa's margin basis, there won't be an impact.  we will still 
be able to drive the margins that we project in terms of sustainable EBITDA margins and PAT 
margins. 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 21 
Rucheeta Kadge: So, the EBITDA margins would still be at 25%, 26%, even with the increase. 
Yash Mutha: Yes. 
Rucheeta Kadge: Is my understanding right, sir? Hello? 
Yash Mutha: You are right. The EBIT DA margins will be the same level. There won't be an impact on the 
EBITDA because of the revenue share. 
Rucheeta Kadge: Understood. Understood. And this year, we are planning for what revenue growth, 15%, 16% as 
in what we have done last year? 
Yash Mutha: Yes. we are targeting, as I said, better than the industry average, which should be higher than 
the numbers that you quoted. 
Rucheeta Kadge: Okay. And the working capital for this quarter, sir, if you could just, because I missed that point. 
Yash Mutha: So, on the working capital, we have collected our money that was due from various parties. So, 
the payments have started flowing in.  We have also received confirmations. And at the same 
time, the retail business is also ramping up. So, on an overall basis, the working capital, of 
course, has improved from the previous quarters, and we look forward to improving it in the 
subsequent quarters as well. 
Rucheeta Kadge: Okay, sir. Understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you.  The next question comes from the line of Avadhoot Joshi from Bryanston 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Avadhoot Joshi: Thank you for the opportunity. First question on the RPL side, though the numbers look very 
promising right now. I think what we have envisaged and the numbers are looking very good. I 
congratulate team for that. First thing on the EBITDA side of this RPL, where do we stand 
currently? Our understanding is as we are leveraging the existing infra, we should be at least 
EBITDA positive. I would like to know what's the current status on that? That's my first question. 
Mitesh Dave: Okay. Hi, Avadhoot. Thanks first of all.  Thanks for encouraging words. So, coming on to the 
questions which are being asked around the EBITDA margins and looking to the leveraging the 
existing infra. So, as you know, we have started the operations a year back. So, currently, making 
a brand available, marketing  and putting up various digitization, automation and planning in the 
processes.  
Initially, it will incur the cost, and that's where we are currently going towards. However, with 
the given cost, our revenues are promising for future times. Further to that, adding up the further 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 21 
manpower to the business as a retail business to reach out to the desired audience, it is adding 
up the cost. But as and when the business will start maturing, you will see the positive impact 
around the EBITDA margins as well as in total cost structure. 
Avadhoot Joshi: Okay. So, at what volume levels do you expect this to happen? 
Mitesh Dave: So, market is pretty volatile for now. If you see overall, be it is organized or the unorganized 
player. However, we are aspiring to be there by FY '26 end or something. But as and when the 
business and the quarters unfolds, we will be in a better shape and position to give this better. 
Avadhoot Joshi: Understood. Understood, sir. Sir, just a small request. We have been discussing on the RPL side 
for the last year or so time. It would be beneficial if once that a presentation or something comes 
from your side, what are our plans on that, that would be really helpful for us also to understand 
how we are looking at it currently. 
Mitesh Dave: Certainly, Avadhoot. So, maybe Vivek and if need be, I  will get in touch with you to take us 
through the retail plan ahead for the next 2 to 3 years. 
Avadhoot Joshi: Understood. And just a small thing, altogether, Maharashtra on the radiology piece, the 
implementation altogether 73 centers considering CT and MRI , what's the timeline we are 
envisaging, though not the 73, but major portion of it, when we will be completing it? 
Pawan Daga: So, Pawan, this side. So, by end of Q3, majority of the implementation of the Maharashtra CT 
and MRI will be getting done. And rest of the sites, , as soon as the site will be handed over by 
the authority, that will be taken care later. 
Avadhoot Joshi: Understood. So, major portion, say, 75% would be done by the Q3 of this year. 
Pawan Daga: Might be. By end of Q3. 
Avadhoot Joshi: Understood. Thank you so much. That’s it from my side. 
Pawan Daga: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you.  The next question comes from the line of Rikesh Parikh from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rikesh Parikh: Thanks for the opportunity, and c ongratulations on a good set of numbers. First, on the retail 
side, sir, I just would like to understand that we have reached 6% of the revenue. So, going down 
the line, where do we see over here in the next 2 years down the line as a percentage of revenue? 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 21 
Mitesh Dave: The way PPP is also growing at a faster pace, and the way retail is also adding up to that, we are 
looking for close to 5% to 8% of the total contribution in coming 1, 1.5 years' time. 
Rikesh Parikh: Okay. And just adding up to that, where do you see the breakeven level as such for our retail 
venture means around reaching INR 20 crores revenue on a quarterly basis or something like 
that or anything? Where do we see making EBITDA breakeven in the retail venture means INR 
20 crores, INR 25 crores on a quarterly basis run rate? Or how do you look at it? 
Mitesh Dave: So, we are looking to breakeven by the end of FY '26. And for the contribution side, in next 2 
years' time, as you asked, close to 18% to 20% of the total revenue. 
Rikesh Parikh: Okay, thanks. Sir, coming to the Rajasthan contract side, congratulation at least at last we have 
signed the contract. How will be the rollout phased out for this contract? 
Yash Mutha: This is Yash. On the Rajasthan project, we are starting the rollout immediately. It's been long 
overdue. It will happen in phases. Of course, there are multiple labs, collection centers, satellite 
labs to be established. We expect that rollout to happen ove r the period of next 6 to 9 months. 
And again, we are putting aggressive timelines to ensure that this gets rolled out in the next 6 to 
9 months, so that we start getting meaningful revenues from the next financial year onwards. 
Rikesh Parikh: Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Chheda: My question is, a, on historically,  we have seen the investment to revenue turnover is around 
slightly around 0.7, 0.8. What would be the reason behind Rajasthan delivering almost 1.3, 1.4x 
of revenue to the investment? And also, if you can talk about the mix of radiology and pathology 
in the Rajasthan tender? This is my first question. 
Yash Mutha: So, if I understood you correctly, in terms of the investment versus the revenue, Rajasthan is a 
purely pathology project, wherein there are pathology labs to be established where pathology 
collection centers to be established. So, therefore, if you see there the asset utilization or revenue 
to investment will be higher compared to when you look at blended where there are more of 
radiology centers or radiology projects. 
Aditya Chheda: Got it. Sorry, you said this will be entirely pathology, right? 
Yash Mutha: Correct. 
Aditya Chheda: Okay. And one question on this specific quarter. We had around 9 %-odd value growth. So, if 
you can call out reasons behind the same, what drove this value growth for us? And also you 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 21 
already comment on the volume growth, the BMC contract, et cetera. If you can throw some 
more light on the reason behind the volume growth and your outlook on the same? 
Yash Mutha: Yes. So, on the volume growth, there have been various initiatives that as a company or a 
management, we have taken, whether it is creating more awareness across various doctors who 
refer patients in terms of Krsnaa's model, which is basically affordable diagnostic s where 
everyone can have access to. 
Some of the awareness campaigns or community level initiatives that we have taken have also 
given fruit, and we are seeing that uptick coming up in the subsequent quarters as well, which 
was also offset by some of the BMC tender that was not there. Having said that, I think overall, 
from a direction perspective, and the initiatives we have taken over the last couple of months, 
those have started bearing fruits, and we see volumes also to keep up driving in the subsequent 
quarters. 
Aditya Chheda: Got it. And last question, you said INR 250 crores of investment for Rajasthan, that would be 
over the next 12 months and revenues flowing from next financial year, that understanding is 
correct, right? 
Yash Mutha: Correct. 
Aditya Chheda: Okay, sir. Thank you, that's it from me. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bharat from Equirus. Please go ahead.  
Bharat Celly: Hi, good afternoon, everyone.  So, just wanted to have a clarity on Rajasthan. So, what is the 
duration of this contract, whether it is a 5-year or a 10-year contract? 
Mitesh Dave: Rajasthan is a 5-year contract. 
Bharat Celly: And over here, the timeline for these 5 years will start from the commercialization of the contract 
or from the period it was first awarded. 
Mitesh Dave: It starts from the commercialization of the contracts. So, when the revenues start flowing in, we 
get certain clearances from the authorities and from there on, it will start. 
Bharat Celly: Got it. And earlier, we were indicating that the overall CAPEX for this contract will be around 
INR 150 crores to INR 200 crores. Now the CAPEX is looking a bit higher. The overall scope 
of the contract has changed from the initial point of view or how the CAPEX overall estimate 
has changed? 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 21 
Mitesh Dave: Certainly, there have been enhancement in the scope. So, from previously 33 mother labs, which 
has now been enhanced to 42 mother labs. The hub labs, which are about 117, they have been 
increased to 135 and the collection centers, which are about 1,200 have now been increased to 
1,335. So, if you see overall, there has been an enhancement in terms of the scope, the footprint 
that we will be having across the state of Rajasthan, and therefore, the CAPEX has also increased 
which also basically helps us in terms overall. The revenue contribution from Rajasthan has also 
increased meaningfully from a prospect perspective. 
Bharat Celly: And aren't we going for a lease model for the equipment over here, reagent lease or some sort of 
lease model for the equipment? 
Mitesh Dave: No. From our experience, purchasing the equipment helps from a strategic perspective. Again, 
there are certain tender requirements, but we are evaluating both different models, and  we will 
take the right decision as and when it happens. 
Bharat Celly: Right. And what sort of working capital requirement will be there for this contract, whether it is 
equivalent to what we are doing currently 120 days or it is higher or lower? 
Mitesh Dave: No, I think Rajasthan historically had a good working capital cycle. So, we expect within 90 to 
120 days. 
Bharat Celly: Right. And last one, we have seen some disruption in Himachal Pradesh as well as Karnataka 
revenues over the last one quarter. In this quarter, have we seen any improvement? Or this 
quarter also, it is broadly the similar revenue run rate, similar to 4th Quarter of last year? 
Mitesh Dave: No. Of course, there has been some improvement both in terms of the 2 projects, along with the 
money that has been collected. So, we see things getting normalized now. 
Bharat Celly: From the peak, how this overall Karnataka and Himachal Pradesh will be looking? It is like 50%, 
60% lower from the peak revenues or how it is? 
Yash Mutha: So, except for Karnataka, Himachal is at a consistent level. Karnataka, there were certain 
procedural changes done by the government , because of which the Karnataka revenue came 
down. But Himachal is continuing at the existing levels and in fact, improved. So, there's not a 
significant drop in the Himachal Pradesh tender. Karnataka, because of the procedural changes, 
there has been an impact. But overall, it is not a significant impact on the numbers per se. 
Bharat Celly: Okay. So, revenues have not materially come down there? 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt. May I request you to join the queue for a follow -up question, please? The 
next question comes from the line of Saloni from Val-Q Investment Advisory. Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 16]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 21 
Saloni Bavishi: Thank you for the opportunity. I have 2 questions. One is on the Rajasthan project. So, like you 
guided, the CAPEX is around INR 200 crores to INR 250 crores. My question is that how do we 
plan to fund this CAPEX? 
Yash Mutha: So, we are currently evaluating multiple options, like I just mentioned earlier, it will be a 
combination of our internal accruals. If required, we  are also exploring debt at some very 
efficient cost of capital as well as certain of these leasing or reagent rental models. Considering 
the size, we are exploring all these options. And in terms of our past experience of executing 
large PPP projects, we will try to use the best resource of capital for deployment and ensuring 
that our margins are intact. 
Saloni Bavishi: Okay. Thank you. And the next question is, sir, can you give me an idea as to what is our tender 
pipeline currently that we have applied and we possibly are expecting to win? 
Yash Mutha: See, for us, we continue to chase tenders and the pipeline does exist, but it will be too early for 
me to give any details about the tenders. As and when these tenders come up, we will be sharing 
those details. 
Saloni Bavishi: Okay. Sure. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you.  The next question comes from the line of Mayur from Wealth Managers India 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mayur Parkeria: Good afternoon, to the management, to the entire team. And congratulations for a decent set. So, 
2 questions from my side. One is on the Apulki side, so is it that the equipments which will be 
required for cancer situations, are they in the region of INR 10 crores and above? Or how is it 
as far as the CAPEX is concerned, which will have to be done, firstly? 
And is there any change in terms of strategic intent with respect to our stake there, either increase 
or how we look at? So, that's on Apulki. And if you can also give some color on what the status 
of where are we on the implementation of where Apulki is on the implementation of 2 hospitals, 
which was planned. 
Yash Mutha: Yes. So, there are 3 parts of your question. The first question is in terms of the equipments, what 
does it entail? So, the equipments or the diagnostics that Krsnaa will be deploying is the same 
diagnostic equipment, which includes the CT scan and MRI equipment. These are equipments 
which will also be used to serve the cancer patients that come in there. And that was one o f the 
strategic reasons why we partnered with Apulki. It gives us almost 30 years  visibility o ver 
revenues. 
[[PAGE 17]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 21 
As you also are aware, cancer and cardiac cases are on the rise. And this also gives us a foot in 
the door in terms of Krsnaa centers being there in urban dense areas as well as capturing the 
oncology market, so to speak. So, that is how we are seeing it. 
Currently, from a development perspective, the Apulki Hospital in Pune will be hopefully 
commercial, the operations will start maybe in the next couple of months. And the other hospital, 
the construction is ongoing. So, both these hospitals are at different stages of completion, which 
we expect and soon the revenues will start flowing through.  
I hope I have answered your questions. 
Mayur Parkeria: Yes, so we will not get into PET scan machines and all that. It will be MRI, CT only. 
Yash Mutha: Correct. As of now, MRI, CT, and pathology. 
Mayur Parkeria: Okay.  That's great. Secondly, if you throw some light on we set up a very large lab on the Kurla 
facility on the Mumbai side. And so we have not renewed this BMC contract. Any particular 
reason of how of that side? And if you would like to throw some light on that on the BMC side 
contract? 
Yash Mutha: On the BMC side, we had participated earlier, but when the tender conditions, which we believe 
are not favorable in terms of overall financial viability , and therefore, we did not continue. As 
we said, what is sacrosanct at Krsnaa is a tender that we participate has to be financially viable, 
because that is the value creation that we all work towards. And therefore, we decided not to 
pursue if it doesn't make sense. 
The current lab also serves on the retail side, which we are leveraging to enhance volumes 
through the retail network. There are different tie -ups that we have done. And we continue to 
utilize those lab for the retail operations as we continue to expand as you have seen on the retail 
side as well, the growth we have seen, that lab also helps us process these incremental volumes 
that are coming through. 
Mayur Parkeria: Okay. So, to some extent, there will be some delays in the payback period, which will be there. 
But I should congratulate the risk management you all have entered, and left the project in terms 
of, I believe so, the reason to leave that would be because, as you said, some of the terms are not 
in favor. So, it would be a risk management side, so that's a great thing. 
But then from a financial side, will it slightly delay the payback or the returns which we were 
planning, because that was a bigger setup which we had and the collection centers also a lot of 
centers which we had set up. So, do you think we will be largely able to, over the next 2 years, 
be able to match that expectation? 
[[PAGE 18]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 21 
Yash Mutha: On the payback front, if you see the volumes that we had processed under the BMC tender had 
surpassed whatever was budgeted earlier. So, in fact, we did significant volumes, and therefore, 
the revenues that came through the BMC tender was much higher than what we envisaged even 
for the setup. 
So, from that perspective, I think we are much ahead of the curve. But of course, yes, we try to 
supplement it to additional sources of revenues to ensure that we further have a shorter payback. 
And as pathology is normally, if you see from an asset-light perspective, it's slightly less capital-
intensive compared to radiology. So, from that perspective also, pathology would have a better 
payback period, especially for this lab as well. 
Mayur Parkeria: Great. Thank you and wish you all the best. I will come in the line for the second question.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shreyansh Gattani from SG Securities.  
Please go ahead. 
Shreyansh Gattani: I just had one question on the pricing for the test. I see in the presentation, the competitors versus 
what our tests are. So, I understand that we have cost advantages on the operational side. But 
even if I look at the gross margin for the top few listed competitors, like those don't cover up 
like 20%, 25% is the cost of materials. So, we are not even covering up for that. So, I am trying 
to understand how we are able to provide pricing at that and also keep up with like profitability? 
If you could just elaborate. I know this would have been asked earlier, but just wanted to get an 
idea on that. 
Yash Mutha: So, Shreyansh, if you see Krsnaa's model basically is built on certain of these leverages or the 
cost leadership that we have had over the years. With the PPP, there are certain cost synergies 
that we are able to, I would say, capitalize on, which includes whether it is rent or the marketing 
cost. 
So, a lot of these cost synergies are available for us. And therefore, along with the volumes that 
we have with these captive customers that we get at these PPP centers, we are able to have the 
sustainable margins in spite of our prices being almost 70% lower than the peers. So, this model 
has helped us scale. It also allows us to scale faster, drive volumes. 
And with these volumes, we are able to have these margins, of course, and the fleet of our 
equipment and assets that also has certain advantages when it comes to pricing. So, overall, we 
are able to achieve these margins even with these low prices. I hope that answers your question. 
Shreyansh Gattani: Got it. So, like we are having an advantage even in terms of sourcing the reagents and stuff like 
that, because I was thinking that those should be in line with what the other competitors are able 
to source there. 
[[PAGE 19]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 21 
Yash Mutha: No. As I said, there are certain volume that we do compared to the peers. We are at much higher 
volumes in some of these aspects. Then there are other cost synergies, as I said, in terms of 
various expenses that we have to incur, whether it is the rent, electricity, if you see our marketing 
spends are probably the lowest in the industry. All of these help us to pass on the value to the 
end customer by offering lower prices and still having sustainable margins, which are 
comparable to the peers. 
Shreyansh Gattani: Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sagar Sanghvi from ADD Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Sagar Sanghvi: Thank you for the opportunity. Good afternoon to the management and congrats on good set of 
numbers. Sir, a very basic question on your Rajasthan contract. Sir, when I look at the press 
release, it mentioned the contract has been won with a consortium partner, TCIL. So, can you 
explain what is the role of TCIL? What is the revenue share or profit share? How much CAPEX 
would they incur along with us? Color on that would be helpful. 
And just a clarification, you mentioned INR 300 crores to INR 350 crores of revenue, that is the 
size of the contract per annum for 5 years. 
Yash Mutha: Yes. So, 2 parts of the question. The first part on regards to TCIL or Telecommunications 
Consultants India Limited, that's a PSU, which we had partnered as a consortium partner. There 
were certain tender conditions wherein they also allowed consortium partners and TCIL met one 
of those conditions, and therefore, we took them as a partner. 
In terms of the revenue share or the investments, I think I would suggest more we can share 
offline, because these are privy in terms of the contract structuring. But yes, TCIL is a 
consortium partner, and they will also have certain revenue share, not very significant, but they 
will be partnering with us, leveraging their strength as a PSU that we can also use in the PPP 
setup. 
In terms of the revenues, the INR 300 crores to INR 350 crores annualized revenue is what we 
expect from the Rajasthan project to come on a mature level basis , which we expect to start in 
the financial year 26/27 onwards. 
Sagar Sanghvi: When do we expect the full potential of this revenue over the next 2 years, 3 years or in the first 
year itself? 
Yash Mutha: No, in the next 1.5 to 2 years, we expect the full revenues to come through, the full potential. 
[[PAGE 20]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 19 of 21 
Sagar Sanghvi: Okay. And sir, you mentioned TCIL. So, there was a specification in the contract which allows 
you to partner? Or was there a requirement for a partnership with the PSU? 
Yash Mutha: There were certain tender conditions having certain documentation support. And then when we 
identified different companies, TCIL was one of them. And therefore, we decided to partner with 
them, because they fulfil some of the conditions as a consortium partner, and therefore, we 
partnered with them and bid for this project. 
Sagar Sanghvi: And sir, same would be for all these other state contractors Maharashtra or Himachal Pradesh. 
Yash Mutha: No. If you see all other projects, there were no specific such requirements which required us to 
go through a consortium. We normally go on our own strength, which is the Krsnaa's history 
and the credibility that we built over the years. For Rajasthan, whe n the tender was envisaged, 
there were certain specific conditions. Basically, we have to look out for a certain partner. 
Sagar Sanghvi: Perfect. Thank you. I will take the rest of the questions offline. 
Moderator: Thank you.  The next question comes from the line of Manik Bansal from Master Capital 
Services Limited. Please go ahead.  
Manik Bansal: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is on the cost of material consumed. So, it 
has increased from 22% to 25% sequentially, which appears to have impacted the EBITDA by 
approximately 3%. So, with this Rajasthan tender kicking in, so what is the impact do you see 
on this cost of material consumed, because initially, the revenue pickup will be very slow, which 
might impact the EBITDA. 
Yash Mutha: So, on the consumption cost, the uptick that you see in the cost was also because of the factor of 
our pathology revenue is also increasing. However, from a Rajasthan project perspective, as I 
said, this is a mega project. We are also trying to see how we can negotiate for better prices as 
well as the scale up we are planning to ensure that there is to the extent, lowest possible im pact 
on the current existing EBITDA levels, and that is what we are working towards. Hopefully, in 
the subsequent quarters, we will be able to have better clarity how things unfold and whether it 
will have, if any, impact on the current EBITDA levels. 
Manik Bansal: Okay.  Thank you. And second question is like if I look at the last quarter's number on net block, 
like approximately 33% is semi -mature, right? So, is it reasonable to assume that the semi -
mature block is largely comprised of radiology machines that we operationalize in Maharashtra 
earlier? Or if it is not the case, then can you provide the split between radiology and pathology 
and semi-mature? 
Pawan Daga: So, yes, Pawan, this side. This is a combination of radiology and pathology, which are the project 
which has been implemented in the last couple of years, which fall under the semi -mature 
[[PAGE 21]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 20 of 21 
category. So, you will get the split of radiology and pathology. We can provide that in an offline 
way, will be okay for you. 
Manik Bansal: Okay.  Thank you so much. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Amruta from Wealth Managers India Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Amruta Deherkar: Thank you for this opportunity. So, it is mentioned that we added 3 labs in the quarter. And I 
would like to know where have we added these 3 labs. And in the Q4 presentation, we had talked 
about adding 1 lab till FY '27. I think that was pertaining to the Jharkhand project. And the earlier 
comments were that the Jharkhand lab is yet to be implemented. So, have we received any 
additional tender. 
Mitesh Dave: Hi, Mitesh, this side. So, these 3 labs have been added into the private space mainly to give out 
the more accessibility and the better TAT. There is no as such new tender or something else add 
up to it. 
Amruta Deherkar: Thank you. Do we have a breakup out of the 120 labs that we have, how many of them pertain 
to the private space and how many are the PPP contract. 
Mitesh Dave: We may like to give this information offline. I  am saying for this breakup around the private 
cum government labs, PPP labs, Vivek will get in touch and we will give you the breakup. 
Amruta Deherkar: And for the Apulki center, you mentioned that the contract that we have is for CT, MRI. So, do 
we have a scope for where if the PET scan centers to be added there, we will be given the priority 
or will there be a separate tender for that? 
Yash Mutha: So, we have already executed agreements with Apulki, wherein  we will be setting up not only 
the CT scan MRI, but the pathology labs as well. So, this gives us access to integrated diagnostics 
inside the oncology hospitals. And as I said, with a 30-year revenue visibility at prices which are 
slightly better than the existing PPP prices. And these centers are going to be in urban dense 
areas, which also gives us basically access to the retail side of the business. I hope that answers 
your question. 
Amruta Deherkar: Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint,  we will take this as the last question 
for today. I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Yash for closing comments. 
Yash Mutha: Hi. Thank you, everyone, for joining our Q1 FY '26 Earnings Call. Hopefully, we were able to 
address to all your queries. If there are any questions that remain unanswered, please feel free to 
[[PAGE 22]]
 Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 Page 21 of 21 
reach out to our Investor Relationships Head, Mr. Vivek Jain, and looking forward to interact 
you again in the subsequent quarters. Thank you. Have a good day ahead. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 