
[[PAGE 1]]
 
Max Estates Limited 
Corporate Oﬃce: Max Towers, L-20, C-001/A/1, Sector-16B, Noida-201301, Uttar Pradesh, India, | P: +91 120-4743222  Regd. Office: Max House 1, Dr. Jha Marg, Okhla Phase 3, Opposite Okhla Railway Station, Okhla Industrial Estate, New Delhi -110020  
Email : secretarial@maxestates.in | Website : www.maxestates.in | CIN: L70200DL2016PLC438718 
 
June 1, 2026  
BSE Limited   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   Dalal Street  
 Mumbai – 400 001  
   Scrip Code: 544008 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex   Bandra (East)  
Mumbai – 400 051  
  SYMBOL: MAXESTATES 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call    Dear Sir/Madam,   Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, in continuation of our intimation dated May 20, 2026, for schedule of the 
Earnings Conference Call, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on May 26, 2026, at 11:00 a.m. (IST) to discuss Q4 & FY26 financial results performance of the Company.     Yours faithfully,   For Max Estates Limited  
  
    Abhishek Mishra  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer   Encl: a/a    
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Max Estates Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges on 26th May 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAHIL VACHANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
VICE CHAIRMAN – MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 M R. NITIN KANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 M R. ARCHIT GOYAL – HEAD, CORPORATE FINANCE & 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 SGA  – INVESTOR RELATION ADVISORS – MAX 
ESTATES LIMITED 
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Max Estates Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
Also, this conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which 
are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Vachani, MD and Vice Chairman of Max Estates 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Vachani: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Max Estates Q4 and the full financial year 
'26 earnings conference call. Joining me today are my colleagues, Nitin Kansal, our Chief 
Financial Officer; and Archit Goyal, Head of IR and Corporate Finance, as also our Investor 
Relations Advisors at SGA. The investor presentation and press release has been filed with the 
stock exchanges and are available on our website. I hope you've had an opportunity to go through 
them before this call. 
Let me start with a brief overview of the market context before moving into our performance 
and closing with an outlook for the future. Delhi NCR's residential market moderated in 2026, 
particularly over the last 6 months amid global uncertainties and overall, a cautious sentiment. 
Having said that, Max Estates still crossed INR5,300 crores in presales for the second 
consecutive year, affirming the strength of our platform and the trust that our clients and our 
stakeholders place in us.  
On the commercial side, office leasing hit approximately 2.8 million in Q4, which was 36% up 
quarter-on-quarter with the national capital region recording the highest rental growth amongst 
major Indian cities at about 15% year-on-year. For the first time, in both, I think, NCR and 
Bangalore, average rents have crossed INR100 a square foot and vacancy rates continue to 
compress. 
Obviously, the macroeconomic development worth flagging is the escalation of the West Asia 
conflict, and that has introduced some near-term caution into not only the residential sentiment 
on the demand side, but also pressure on the supply side in terms of cost. However, India's 
market today, we believe, is significantly more end user driven than in previous cycles, and that 
I think is particularly true for NCR as well.  
For Max Estates specifically with a predominantly domestic NCR-focused buyer base, we 
believe that we are well positioned. Our launch plans and long-term conviction remain very 
much intact. Just to give you an update on the FY26 performance in terms of headline numbers 
on the residential business, the full year presales came in at INR5,305 crores, the second 
consecutive year that we've crossed the INR5,000 crores presales milestone. 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Our 3-year presales CAGR from FY24 stands at 70%. Importantly, in Q4 FY26, we recorded 
INR3,300 crores of bookings driven by 2 major launches, Estate 105 in Noida and Max One in 
Sector 16B Noida as well, making Q4 by far our strongest quarterly performance ever. 
Collections for the year stood at INR1,578 crores, which is up 61% year-on-year. This is an 
important operating metric because it directly reflects our ability to fund construction. Our 
payment plans are structured to generate annual collections in the range of 20% to 25% of the 
sales booking. 
And also, this reflects the strong quality of sales that we continue to do. And obviously, as the 
book has grown, the collection engine has strengthened meaningfully. Average realizations 
continue to move up INR18,000 per square foot in FY24 to INR20,000 approximately in '25 and 
INR23,000 in FY26. That's a 29% increase in 2 years, a combination of better micro market 
positioning and improved product quality and genuine brand power. Cancellations remain very, 
very negligible, a strong reflection of our buyer commitment and the end user nature of our buyer 
base. 
I now want to spend a moment on something that our reported P&L doesn't fully capture, but 
which I think is one of the most important dimensions as to how one can think about Max Estates 
today. Total revenue from launch projects yet to be recognized in our income statement stands 
at INR16,310 crores. Of this, INR12,500 crores is already sold, contracted and locked in, waiting 
for the completion of the project milestone to trigger the revenue recognition. The embedded 
profit before tax, PBT from these launch projects is estimated at between INR4,200 crores to 
INR4,900 crores. This is a critical distinction. 
A substantial majority of our future reported revenue is already contracted, derisking the 
earnings trajectory materially. Looking ahead, our residential pipeline stands at over INR17,200 
crores. In FY27, we've already launched The Terraces in May '26 as the newest precinct within 
Estate 361, offering 1.5 and 2-bedroom smart homes and duplex loft residences. The project has 
a development value of about INR1,200 crores and is part of Estate 361. We also plan to launch 
our Sector 59 project on Golf Course Extension in Gurgaon with an estimated GDV of about 
INR3,900 crores. 
Estate 105 has been strategically repositioned, driven by a strong market response with a revised 
mix of residential and serviced apartments. This calibration has doubled the project GDV from 
INR3,000 crores to INR6,000 crores. Phase 2 is planned in FY28. We continue to target adding 
approximately 2 million square feet of residential development and 1 million square feet of 
commercial space annually, building the platform through a derisked and a steady approach. On 
the commercial side, all our 3 assets continue to operate at 100% occupancy, which is perhaps 
the single most important data point for our commercial business. 
It validates the quality of the product, the strength of the tenant demand and in the micro markets 
that we operate. As far as our under-construction pipeline is concerned, which is basically Max 
Square Two, Max District and Max One, progressively as we look to achieve occupancy over 
the next few years, our rental income is estimated to scale INR700 crores at peak occupancy. 
We have a clear strategic ambition to add 1 million square feet of commercial real estate as well, 
expanding our annuity business alongside our residential business. As this portfolio matures, it 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
will provide Max Estates with a growing high margin and recurring income stream that 
meaningfully diversifies and stabilizes the overall earnings profile of the company.  
I'll now hand over to my colleague, Nitin, who will take you through the project level details 
and our financial highlights. Thank you. 
Nitin Kansal: Thank you, Sahil, and good morning, everyone. Let me take you through the operational and 
financial highlights for quarter 4 and financial year '25-'26.  
In our residential portfolio, Estate 361 Gurugram, we recorded presales of INR1,700 crores in the year. This is India's first 
forest-anchored intergenerational residential community had a very strong year. Phase 1 
recorded a presales of approximately INR1,700 crores during the financial year, representing 
over 68% absorption of the launch inventory. 
Average realizations of approximately INR22,000 per square feet also reflected the project's 
clear differentiation within the micro market. Construction is on track and progressing well. 
Estate 128 in Noida is a fully sold-out project with a cumulative presales of INR2,700 crores. 
Collections are on track at INR1,100 crores received till date. We are on track for delivery in 
calendar year 2027. 
Phase 1 is currently progressing at the 35th and 36th floor slab levels and Phase 2 is at the third-
floor slab level. In Gurgaon Estate 360, cumulative presales stood at INR4,800 crores with a 
collection of INR1,600 crores. Construction is progressing well across all the towers and the 
ground floor is complete for Towers 1 and 2 and the first-floor slab for Towers 3 and 5 and the 
second-floor slab for Towers 4 and 6.  
Mixed use portfolio. Talking about Estate 105, which was launched on 20th March 2026 and 
has achieved sales of approximately INR1,800 crores within just 10 days of the launch. 
Max One in Sector 16B again in Noida has been a long-stalled project, now which has gotten 
into live active selling residential community within months of acquisition. Following RERA 
approval in March of 2026, the project contributed INR1,400 crores to FY26 presales. The 
development spans approximately 2.5 million square feet with an estimated GDV of over 
INR3,200 crores and an annuity income potential of approximately INR140 crores from the 
commercial component. This transaction exemplifies our disciplined approach to value-
accretive acquisitions in NCR market.  
Now coming to our commercial real estate portfolio. 
Our 3 operational commercial assets, Max Towers, Max House Phase 1 and Phase 2, and Max 
Square continue to be running at full occupancy. Aggregate leased area as of 31st March stood 
at 1.2 million square feet and lease rental income grew 40% year-on-year to INR150 crores in 
FY26. The asset level breakdown stands under Max Tower generated INR53 crores, followed 
by Max House at INR45 crores and Max Square at INR60 crores annual lease rents.  
Coming to the pre-leasing, we had 2 notable leasing milestones in FY26. At Max District in 
Sector 65 Gurugram, we signed an LOI for approximately 2 lakh square feet for a long-term pre-
[[PAGE 6]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
leasing, 3 years ahead of projected completion, securing gross rentals in excess of INR270 crores 
over the lease period. 
This is at a 35% premium to the prevailing micro market. That transaction validates both the 
quality of the asset and the depth of tenant demand in that quarter. On another project, Max 
Square Two in Sector 129 Noida, we have pre-leased approximately 80,000 square feet, securing 
gross rentals in excess of INR95 crores. We are maintaining a very strong leasing pipeline at 
both the assets.  
On the under-construction pipeline, Max Square Two with an approximately 1 million square 
feet of leasable area is expected to receive its occupancy certificate in Quarter 2 FY28, it will 
add another INR125 crores to our annual annuity income upon stabilization. 
Max District in Gurugram with approximately 1.6 million square feet will be delivered across 2 
phases, first in Quarter 2 FY28 and Quarter 3 FY29 and will add approximately INR225 crores 
to our annuity income. Together, these assets alone will add INR350 crores plus to the annuity 
portfolio upon full completion.  
Our total 5-year annuity potential across delivered under construction and pipeline assets stand 
in excess of INR700 crores on a 100% basis. We continue to target adding approximately 1 
million square feet of commercial space every year.  
Now coming to the financial highlights. 
The consol revenue for FY26 stood at INR200 crores and EBITDA at INR24 crores and PBT at 
INR23 crores. Max Asset Services contributed INR88 crores in the revenues. On the balance 
sheet side, the total debt as of 31st March stood at INR1,850 crores, of which INR970 crores 
represents lease rental discounting borrowing against our operational commercial assets. These 
are essentially asset-backed, cash flow backed facilities. Cash and cash equivalents were at 
INR1,750 crores, leaving a net debt position of approximately INR100 crores. For a company 
with our scale of pipeline, that represents a very lean and healthy balance sheet.  
Now I'd like to hand over to Nirav for the opening the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answers session. First question 
is from the line of Mohit Agrawal from IIFL. 
Mohit Agrawal: My first question is, Sahil, you've not given an explicit guidance in the presentation on how 
you're looking at FY27. So, if you could give some colour on both launches and presales. 
Launches, you mentioned some, but I think apart from Terraces, if you could give some colour 
on what is the launch pipeline for this year in terms of GDV and project and also presales, what 
is the expectation? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes. So, we are not sharing a presales guidance as of now, Mohit. As you will understand and 
appreciate that we're in a very evolving macroeconomic situation. And we are very conscious 
about meeting every commitment that we share not just with our customers, but also with our 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
largest stakeholders. And obviously, the investor community is a very important component of 
that. 
So, it's very difficult at this stage to give a guidance for how things will pan out. Having said 
that, from a launch perspective, we can share that there is almost about INR17,000 crores of 
GDV that are yet to come to the market. And obviously, we will calibrate it and launch it in a 
phased manner. One is obviously The Terraces. And in my comments earlier, I also mentioned 
about our Golf Course Extension project. 
So definitely, those are 2 very large components of it in addition to some of the products that we 
already have and that we will be bringing to the market. So, at Max One and at Estate 105, 
etcetera. So, I hope that kind of gives you a flavour of how we are thinking about it. 
Mohit Agrawal: So, 105 Phase 2 you mentioned will be in '28, right? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes. But there is almost about INR1,200 crores of inventory from Phase 1 as well. 
Mohit Agrawal: And Phase 2 of 361, is that planned in this year? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes. Yes. Some part of it will come in this year. 
Mohit Agrawal: Okay. Directionally, do you think presales could be flattish or there could be a moderate high 
single-digit, low double-digit kind of growth? 
Sahil Vachani: I might as well have sharedd the guidance in that case. But like I said, I think the situation is 
evolving. And I think for the long-term health of Max Estates, we want to be able to continue to 
make very, very high-quality sales that we've done. So, I will refrain from commenting on that 
at this time, Mohit. I hope you understand. Thank you. 
Mohit Agrawal: Understood. No. So second question is, basically, you had an interesting quarter like last 3 
months, you've launched The Terraces and you've also launched Max One, both sit on the 
extreme end of your spectrum from your regular launches. So if you could run through what has 
been the experience, let's say, with The Terraces INR2.5 crores ticket size on one end and then 
Max One where probably ticket sizes would be INR20 crores, INR25 crores plus  and how would 
you then look at these  demand across these 3 buckets, INR2.5 crores ticket size, INR6 crores to 
INR8 crores ticket size and the INR20 crores, INR25 crores ticket size? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes. I think in general, there is a cautious sentiment that is flowing across all the segments, if I 
can share that from all 3 across The Terraces, across what we call the Luxury and the Ultra-
Luxury segment. I think it's cautious, but I would not say that there is no demand. I think there 
is still a good level of demand. What we are pleased about is that there is more about end user 
demand that's coming through. 
And yes, it is taking a longer period for people to consider. And as I said, they are very cautious 
in their decision-making. So, we are seeing a lot of cautiousness. We are not seeing a complete 
slowdown or that sense of sales. 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Mohit Agrawal: Okay. And then last question from my side is, you've been mentioning about moderation in the 
last 6 months. Has that reflected in the expectations of the landowner when you sit across the 
table for business development? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes, absolutely. 
Mohit Agrawal: Okay. So, is that an opportunity that you think you'll be able to tap in like you could see more 
aggressive business development? 
Sahil Vachani: Absolutely. I think we will be looking at business development very keenly, and we feel that the 
fundamental nature of long-term demand in the NCR continues to remain very, very strong. And 
yes, I think for the right parcels, we will be very focused on business development. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Parikshit Gupta from Fair Value Capital. 
Parikshit Gupta: Congratulations for a good set of results. My first question is on the rental income. So, while the 
Q4 FY26 rental income has increased significantly by about 43%, the total leased area and the 
rents across each of our 4 commercial projects have not increased as meaningfully. So, can you 
please help us understand what contributed to this increase? Was it back-ended rental increases 
or something else, please? 
Nitin Kansal: Parikshit, good morning. This is Nitin Kansal. Our rental agreements are structured in a form 
and fashion of 3 plus 3 plus 3. During the course of year, once the rents are reset, we see a 
corresponding income getting reflected in the balance sheet. This is how the income has been 
reflecting. 
If we see currently in the current year, we have reported a rental income of close to INR155-odd 
crores. This is a reflection of all the 3 assets, Max Square, Max House and Max Towers. If you 
see our portfolio, in the next 5 years basis the peak occupancy of the same set of assets, they 
would be in the range of INR210 crores of rental income, and we would have an incremental 
revenue of close to INR500 crores coming from the new assets which will come online. 
Parikshit Gupta: Understood. Let me just rephrase my question. So, in the presentation, where we have mentioned 
the commercial projects in operations, there is a weighted average rental information given 
across the project. So, does that number not reflect what the current rentals are? Or is there 
something missing from my understanding? 
Archit Goyal: So Parikshit, what happened in the quarter 4 primarily is due to accounting adjustment, there is 
an Ind AS rental equalization adjustment, wherein after the operational rent-free period, the 
rentals start recognizing from an accounting standpoint. While there has not been any significant 
change other than the escalations, which, as Nitin mentioned, 15% every 3 year, the primary 
increase from INR386 crores to INR392 crores was on account of this accounting Ind AS 
adjustment on revenue  equalization. 
Parikshit Gupta: I understand. This is very helpful. My second question on Sector 59. Can you please help me 
with the RERA status for this project? And just on top of this, we have seen that the GDV has 
been up by 30%. And in the press release, you have mentioned due to the pricing across the 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
micro markets. But has there been any strategic change in the structure or the offerings of the 
project as well, which gives us the confidence that we will be able to overachieve the initial 
estimates of our pricing? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes. So firstly, we have not yet filed for RERA for this project. On the second question with 
respect to the GDV, yes, the micro market, we believe that at the price that we are assuming is 
a fair price for the micro market, A. B, we've also spec’d up the product in line with the demand 
that is coming in from that micro market. So, from both of these aspects, we feel that the revised 
GDV is a fair estimate. 
Parikshit Gupta: Understood. My final question, if I may, before I rejoin the queue. So, we know that there has 
been a new TOD rule for projects in Delhi, affecting the ability of high rises across the metro 
lines. Does this help us get more projects? I mean, can you share your views on this change in 
policy? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes. We are evaluating a couple of projects from a business development perspective on these 
lines. The policy has various nuances, which is, A, a mix of various end uses, residential and 
commercial; B is around sizes of units. So, we are currently evaluating a few opportunities in 
this but have not yet acquired anything in Delhi yet from a TOD perspective. 
Parikshit Gupta: So just a quick follow-up on this. So, then the growth pipeline, there is a 4.1 million square feet 
project, which is under the regulatory approval. Is this maybe in the Najafgarh area or something 
else? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes. That's correct. That's part of the land pooling policy. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Rishith Shah from Axis Capital. 
Rishith Shah: Two questions. So firstly, on the collections or maybe the payment plans for the 2 new projects 
that we have launched. Is it similar to what we have been doing? 
Nitin Kansal: Good one, Rishith. Yes, exactly. What we do is an equal distributed payments plan and 
distributed over the life cycle of the project. So, we have 20x5 payment plan across the assets. 
Rishith Shah: Okay. So, both the projects. Okay. In relation itself, how do you look at the collections and 
operating cash flows for next year? 
Nitin Kansal: So in the next year, we are expecting collections on 2 lines for the projects which already sold 
in the previous quarter, we're expecting a collection in the range of INR1,200 crores to INR1,500 
crores to come from them. And we expect another INR1,200 crores to INR1,500 crores to come 
from the new launches, some new sales, which we are expecting to do in the next year.  
All told together, we can expect collections to be ranging in the range of INR2,500 crores to 
INR3,000 crores going across the project. And what we are expecting on the project deployment 
is that we expect a deployment of close to INR1,500 crores to INR1,800 crores to go on the 
project, resulting in a positive operating cash flow for us. 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Rishith Shah: Right. Perfect. Makes sense. And secondly, you kind of alluded to the launches, would you like 
to add some quarterly kind of timeline, which quarters do you see the 2 launches that we have 
doing that? 
Sahil Vachani: So, the launches for The Terraces, we've already done in Q1, which is the current quarter. 
Obviously, we'll give an update on this at the end of this quarter. And we anticipate to launch 
our second project in Golf Course Extension Road in quarter 3. That's the plan so far for some 
of the big launches. And there will be a few other launches of Estate 105 and Max One that will 
be between Q2 and Q3 as well. 
Rishith Shah: Okay. And the remaining part of 361? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes, that will be, like I said, around Q3 as well. 
Nitin Kansal: I can just add in over here, we have got an inventory of close to INR3,800 crores from the 
existing launches which we have done in the previous year, which was also available to us in 
addition to the launches that we plan to do in the current year. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Samarth Khandelwal from ICICI Securities. Samarth, may I 
request to unmute your line and proceed with your question. 
Samarth Khandelwal: I wanted to understand about the Project Max One that we have taken over. The press release 
states that we have sold INR1,400 crores of pre-sales this year and out of which INR1,200 crores 
is from return over, so inherited from the erstwhile developer. So, if you could elaborate on this, 
it will be really helpful. 
Nitin Kansal: Thank you. Samarth, just to give context, the Max One as a project had a total sellable area in 
the range of 2.5 million square feet, of which close to 1.4 million square feet was already 
monetized by the erstwhile developer. So when we talk about the new sales getting recognized, 
the corresponding revenue of that 1.4 million square feet got recognized, post we got a RERA 
approval, then we had to enter fresh contracts with the set of buyers for the erstwhile and the 
entire income profit and loss statement of the said  will be reflected in the books of account. 
For the remaining 1.1 million square feet, we intend to monetize it through annuity portfolio and 
also residential income. What we expect is to have a residential income in the range of close to 
INR2,000 crores to come to us from the new sales and an annuity income of close to INR140-
odd crores come our way from the annuity portfolio. 
Samarth Khandelwal: Right. So, the 1.4 million square feet that was already monetized by the erstwhile, what will we 
be receiving for it and how should we see this as a net cash flow? 
Nitin Kansal: So out of this INR1,221 crores, we are expected to receive an incremental sum in the range of 
INR550 crores to INR600 crores to come our way. The remaining capital was already received 
by the erstwhile developer. So, if you see from a cost of construction perspective, we would not 
like to distinguish between what we are spending on what the erstwhile developer had sold and 
what we are selling. It's about the entire project as a whole. 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up Financial. 
Ritwik Sheth: A couple of questions from my end. So firstly, what was the OCF in FY26? 
Nitin Kansal: Ritwik, good morning. This is Nitin. What we had an OCF of close to INR450 crores to INR500 
crores in the previous year in FY26. 
Ritwik Sheth: Okay. INR450 crores to INR500 crores. Okay. And that probably could move to INR800 crores 
to INR1,000 crores I think the previous participant asked it looks like. 
Nitin Kansal: So, it's gradually progressing. Basis the collections from the previous  already sold and the new 
sales which we do. So, we are very bullish on the OCF in the coming years. 
Ritwik Sheth: Got it. Got it, sir. And sorry, a couple of questions were asked on the launches, but just one 
clarification. Sector 359, we are looking to launch this at one go or it will be in phases? 
Nitin Kansal: So just to correct what will happen, we have got 2 projects. We have got Estate 361 and we have 
got another project in Sector 59 Gurugram. So, Estate 361, so we have already launched a portion 
of it in the last year, and we've also launched one of the sections of it called The Terraces in the 
first quarter of the current year. Estate 59, which is a potential GDV of close to INR3,900 crores, 
we're expecting to launch in the quarter 3 of the current financial. 
Ritwik Sheth: Okay. And that will be completely INR3,900 crores? 
Nitin Kansal: We'll figure it out depending on how the market is pushing at that point in time. We may choose 
to phase it out and do it one shot. 
Ritwik Sheth: Right, right. So, Terraces, which has already been launched, then another potential phase of 
Sector 361 coming in and then Sector 59 at Gurgaon, depending on the market conditions, you 
will look to launch and plus the INR4,000 crores of unsold inventory that we have. 
Nitin Kansal: Yes, exactly. You just summarized it very nicely. 
Ritwik Sheth: Yes. Okay. Yes, yes. Okay. And sir, what is the BD target in terms of allocating capital for FY27 
and '28? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes. So, we've already shared that we are aspiring to add between 2 million square feet of 
residential and 1 million square feet of commercial every year. So, we continue to hold ourselves 
to those targets. And as we've shared earlier, we'll continue to explore opportunities around 
combination of outright acquisition as well as joint development, both. 
Ritwik Sheth: Right. Okay. So similar figure for what we've done in the last 1 year? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes. Exactly. Exactly. So, we'll continue to keep on that. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Sucrit Patil Insight Fintrade. 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Sucrit Patil: I have 2 questions. The first question to Mr. Sahil is, what type of strategic levers is Max Estates 
prioritizing over the next 6 to 12 months to strengthen its position in commercial and residential 
real estate while managing risks from interest rate movements, regulatory changes and 
competitive pressure? That's my first question. I'll ask my second question after this. 
Sahil Vachani: I think if you go through our presentation, you'll be able to get a very good handle on it and an 
understanding of it. We are very focused on the philosophy of live well for our residential 
communities and work well for our office communities. We are very focused in terms of the 
national capital region. We are very clear about the segments that we are operating in, whether 
it be studio homes or luxury residential or senior housing as well under the Antara brand. So, I 
think if you go through the presentation, you get a very clear perspective of what is the clear 
strategy with which we are following. 
From a risk perspective, I'm very pleased to share with you that our balance sheet continues to 
be extremely strong. We are at a net debt of about INR100 crores, and as I said, we have about 
INR4,500 crores of profit to be booked in the books. And so, from that perspective, I think we 
are in a very derisked perspective and with a very strong balance sheet. So, I hope that addresses 
your question. 
Sucrit Patil: My second question to Mr. Kansal is what type of financial framework have been applied in FY 
2027 to align debt maturities refinancing schedules and project level cash flows so that the 
funding remains efficient and predictable? 
Nitin Kansal: Thank you. That's a very interesting question. Just to share with you, we have a different strategy 
in terms of when we talk about our commercial assets and we talk about residential assets. But 
the overarching principle is that we strictly avoid acquiring land from debt. So, the principle 
remains is from the internal accruals only we would like to acquire fresh assets. 
If you look at our assets in distinct business divisions, in the terms of residential basis on the 
back of the strong residential collections, we have got a surplus of close to INR1,200 crores 
lying in our RERA account itself, which are good enough to take care of the construction, and 
we don't foresee any debt to be taken on the project.  
Secondly, on the commercial assets, what we have done is currently,  the equity financing has 
already been done on the stock, and we have also tied up construction finance, which is to be 
taken out once the building is completely leased out through LRD. So that is still some time to 
go.  
And all our lease rental discounting, which is the debt on our operating assets is very well 
financed through the cash flow coming from the lease rentals, which is running at 100% 
occupancy without any delinquency. So, in terms of having a cash flow mismatch, that looks a 
bit remote at this point in time. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Prateek Giri from Subh Labh Research. 
Prateek Giri: Sahil, I just wanted to understand the cautious statement, which has come from you. Just wanted 
to understand the longevity of it. Is it primarily because of the current geopolitical scenario? And 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
can it wane if things normalize? Or are you sensing some fundamental shift or change in the 
demand scenario in Delhi NCR that is leading to this cautious comment? 
Sahil Vachani: Actually, -- I think my point of view was that in relative to the last couple of years, yes, things 
are a little slower and therefore, you are sensing a certain cautiousness. But if you also see what 
I said is that we are continuing to see good levels of demand, right? It may not be the levels of 
demand that was in the last 1 or 2 years, but we are still continuing to see very robust end user 
demand. So, from that perspective, we remain extremely optimistic about the medium-term and 
long-term potential for residential and commercial real estate in NCR. If you look at it from a 
commercial side, we've shared 100% occupancy. 
We've shared pre-leasing that we've done on the residential side. In spite of launching in the 
middle of a war, we've done INR5,000 crores of sales in 2 consecutive years. We've done 
INR3,000-plus crores of presales in 1 quarter, which was practically in the middle of a war. So, 
we are cautiously optimistic. And as you said, yes, it's primarily driven by the macroeconomic 
scenario, and we are hopeful that if things settle, things continue to be very optimistic in the 
future. 
Prateek Giri: Understood. Very helpful. My second question is to Mr. Kansal. So, we are seeing some 
inflationary winds in most of the commodities we use. So, I know you have guided for the 
margins in the presentation very clearly. But if you wanted to get some sense on this inflation 
mitigation strategies we have for us. 
Nitin Kansal: Good morning. So just to give a perspective, when we do our budgeting for the projects because 
end of the day, if you say we are in an industry whereby we end up committing to the customer 
at day 1 and the product is delivered over the period of next 3 to 5 years, which leads us to the 
vagaries of the market, which are as well as external, which is the current case.  
So, basis our experience in the past during the COVID and also what we have done in the 
budgets, we keep sufficient margins in the form of escalation and contingencies. So, what we 
feel is currently till now, whatever the impact of inflation is there, we have beaten them. But just 
to add, in case these kind of geopolitical issues continue to strain for a longer period of time, we 
would have to figure out how much impact does it have on the inflation. 
Prateek Giri: Understood, Mr. Kansal. So probably the band which is given for the margins will ultimately be 
achieved. 
Nitin Kansal: Yes. This is what we aspire to achieve the band in which we have mentioned in the presentation. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Rishith Shah from Axis Capital. 
Rishith Shah: Sir just one question. Would you like to share some early trends on The Terraces as to how the 
velocity has been? What are you seeing on ground? What's the investor versus maybe end user 
mix? And is the pricing versus the previous phase of 361? 
Sahil Vachani: Yes. So, the pricing is at a premium to our previous phase, A. B, we've got a very positive 
response, and we are very encouraged. And I think there's a lot of credit to the brand, the product 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Max Estates Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
and our increasing depth and strength of distribution. So, we remain very optimistic and 
encouraged with the continuing and growing brand presence for Max Estates in the national 
capital region. So, at this stage, I can share that we are very happy with the outcome. 
Rishith Shah: Sure. And just a follow-up, I mean, would the end user versus the investor mix be different in 
this project or it's more of end user driven? 
Sahil Vachani: This one is a combination of both end users and investors, whereas in our Estate 105 and in the 
luxury residences of 361, we are seeing a much higher percentage of end users per se. But on 
this one, it's mixed because it is a lower ticket investment and a good investment opportunity 
product. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions, I'll now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Sahil Vachani: Thank you and look forward to speaking with all of you next quarter. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Max Estates Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 