[page 1]
        Casting the Future 
 
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited, Gat No. 1426, Shikrapur,                T: +91 21 3767 7100 www.alicongroup.co.in  
Tal. Shirur, Dist: Pune – 412 208, Maharashtra – India          F: +91 21 3767 7130 
CIN: L99999PN1990PLC059487 
 
November 12, 2025  
To To 
The Manager The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services The Listing Department 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001 Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 531147 Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts Conference Call 
 
We are enclosing herewith  the link for the transcript of the conference call with analysts, which 
took place on November 7 th, 2025, after announcement of the unaudited Financial Results for 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. The said transcript is also uploaded on website 
of the Company.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For ALICON CASTALLOY LIMITED  
 
 
VIMAL GUPTA  
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
Encl: As mentioned above 

[page 2]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 1 of 16  
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 07, 2025 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 
FY2026 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, ple ase signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani: Thank you, Renju. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call.  
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Rajeev Sikand, Group CEO; Mr. Sumit 
Bhatnagar, CEO Designate; Mr. Vimal Gupta, Group CFO; Mr. Manish Kapoor, 
Group COO and Mr. Shyam Agarwal, Chief Marketing Officer of Alicon Castalloy 
Limited. 
 Mr. Vimal Gupta will present an overview of the operating and financial 
performance for the quarter and half year. Mr. Shyam Agarwal will then take us 
through developments in global markets and insights on domestic business 
trends, and Mr. Manish Kapoor w ill share updates on key strategic initiatives 
driving growth. 
 Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today is call may be forward -looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings documents that have been shared with all of 
you earlier.  
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Rajeev Sikand, our Group CEO, 
who will make a brief statement. Over to you, sir. 
Rajeev Sikand: Thank you, Mayank. Good afternoon, everyone.  
As I enter the final few months of my tenure with Alicon, I want to express my 
sincere gratitude to all our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. 
It has been a privilege to lead this organization through a phase of strong 
growth, capability expansion and globalization. 

[page 3]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 2 of 16  
 Over the years, we have transformed Alicon from a primarily domestic-focused 
company into truly multinational organization with presence in 18 countries, 
serving a distinguished customer base that includes some of the most 
respected names in global automotive industry. Together, we have built a solid 
foundation, one that positions the company exceptionally well for the next 
phase of growth.  
The Board and I have worked closely to ensure a smooth and a well-structured 
leadership transition. I am pleased to share that Mr. Sumit Bhatnagar will 
assume the role of Chief Executive Officer with effect from 1st April 2026, 
following the conclusion of my tenure upon attaining superannuation.  Sumit 
brings with him deep industry experience, a collaborative leadership style and 
a strong focus on operational excellence and customer value.  I have every 
confidence that he will lead Alicon to even greater heights in the years ahead.  
With this, I would like to invite Sumit to share his thoughts. 
Sumit Bhatnagar: Thank you, Mr. Sikand, and good afternoon, everyone. It is an honour to take on 
this responsibility and to be the part of an organization with such a strong 
legacy of engineering excellence and customer trust. Alicon has built a 
reputation for quality, reliability and innovation and I am committed to carrying 
this forward.  
The automotive industry continues to evolve rapidly and Alicon is well -
positioned to participate in this transformation, whether through advanced 
materials, process innovations or expanding the partnerships with global 
OEMs. Our strength lies in our people , our technology and the relationships 
with marquee customers and the key stakeholders that have been built over 
decades. 
 I want to thank Rajeev for his leadership and the culture he has fostered, one 
that encourages teamwork, accountability and continuous improvement. I look 
forward to working closely with the leadership team, our customers and all the 
stakeholders to build on this momentum and drive the next phase of growth. 
 Thank you for your continued trust and confidence, and I will now hand over to 
Mr. Vimal Gupta, our Group CFO. 
Vimal Gupta: Thank you, Mr. Bhatnagar. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Alicon 
Castalloy’s Quarter 2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call.  
I would like to begin by acknowledging the strong groundwork laid by Mr. 
Sikand. Thank you for your leadership and contribution. At the same time, we 
are pleased to welcome Mr. Bhatnagar, whose appointment signals a new 

[page 4]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 3 of 16  
chapter for Alicon. We look forward to his strategic vision as we build on our 
strength and pursue new growth avenues. 
 The quarter began in a period marked by continued volatility in the global 
business environment. Demand trends across major markets remained 
uneven and supply side challenges persisted.  
On the global front, U.S. trade policy remains a key variable with the 50% tariff 
on Indian export introduced in August, proving to be a setback for stakeholders 
across the Indian automotive sector. We continue to closely monitor the 
evolving situation and await greater clarity on the long -term sustainability of 
these tariffs.  
While the prospects of an impending Indo -U.S. trade agreement offer some 
optimism, our customers remain cautious as they reassess their sourcing, 
export and supply chain strategies in response to the changing trade dynamics. 
In the near term, we have observed a moderation in export volume, particularly 
from U.S.-based customers as the imposition of tariff has dampened demand 
from end users who are the ones who have to pay the tariff.  
At the same time, China's restrictions on rare earth materials, coupled with the 
ongoing shortage of semiconductors continue to weigh on global supply chain 
visibility. We believe these developments will have a short -term impact on 
demand patterns, but they may also create opportunities for greater 
localization and value-added manufacturing, areas that align well with Alicon's 
core capabilities and strategic strengths.  
Towards the end of the quarter, the announcement of GST rate rationalization 
provided a much-needed boost to the domestic auto industry, which had been 
experiencing sluggish volume uptake earlier in the period. This policy move 
acted as a strong catalyst reinvigorating customer sentiment  and driving a 
visible uptick in the market activity. All our OEM customers have reported a 
notable increase in inquiries accompanied by improvements in production and 
sales across vehicle segments. In fact, a few domestic customers have 
indicated that limited semiconductor availability is now the primary constraint 
to further ramping up production. 
 Now let me turn to our financial performance for quarter 2 and H1 FY26. During 
the quarter, we reported revenues of Rs. 429Rs.  INR419 crore in quarter 1 of 
FY25. This marks the third consecutive quarter in which we have grown 
revenues on a sequential basis, reaffirming that the business has stabilized 
after the dip seen in quarter 3 of FY25. 
 On a year-on-year basis, revenues degrew by 7.7% compared to the revenues 
of Rs. 464.5 crore in quarter 2 FY25. This is due to some projects undertaken in 

[page 5]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 4 of 16  
the base period, which were onetime in nature and hence not budgeted in 
operating plan for the current period. Further, there have been some customer-
specific issues in Europe as well as the weaker demand from our CV customers 
in U.S. 
 Gross margin for the quarter was 48.9% , an improvement of 300 basis points 
compared to 45.9% in quarter 1 of FY26. Aided by improved product mix and 
our measures to enhance operational efficiency, our newer plants and 
advanced automation are still scaling up. So fixed cost absorption is yet to 
reach optimal levels, so we will endeavour to improve this further.  On a year-
on-year basis, gross margins increased 130 basis points from 47.6% in quarter 
2 FY25.  
Employee costs have increased due to annual increments and new hirings, but 
our continued cost discipline efforts have helped offset part of this. Further, 
other expenses were higher by about 9% sequentially. This is on the back of 
higher sales, which resulted in cost for additional processes and machining for 
higher value-added parts. 
 We have also inducted some German experts to help us further improve our 
processes. On a year-on-year basis, other expenses were lower by nearly 11%. 
As a result, EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 55.5 crore, translating to an 
EBITDA margin of 12.9%, an increase of 100 basis points from 11.9% in quarter 
1 of FY26. 
 Depreciation stood at Rs. 26.6 crore, reflecting ongoing investments in new 
machinery, tooling and automation, which are critical to our technology road 
map. Finance cost  was stable during the quarter, adding profitability. 
Consequently, profit before tax pre -exceptional rose 51% quarter -on-quarter 
to Rs. 19 crore. 
 For H1 FY26, total income was Rs. 848 crore with EBITDA of Rs. 105.3 crore, 
margin of 12.4% and PAT of Rs. 23 crore.  
Capex for the quarter was Rs. 32 crore, taking total spending for the half year to 
Rs. 63 crore. We anticipate full year capex of Rs. 125 crore to Rs. 130 crore.  
Looking ahead, we are focused on ramping up volumes with existing customers 
while onboarding new programs added this quarter.  
The newly established Defense, Aerospace and Railways (DAR) vertical is 
shaping up well, and we have also received new orders in our non -auto 
business this quarter, ensuring that diversification of revenues is set to 
increase. At the same time, we are investing steadily in R&D, automation and 

[page 6]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 5 of 16  
digital process controls to enhance productivity, offset raw material cost 
pressures and strengthen long-term competitiveness.  
We believe prospects in the global industry are set to improve, while the GST 
rationalization in end September will ensure positive momentum in the 
domestic industry in the months ahead.  
Alicon continue s to demonstrate resilience and operational progress with a 
healthy new order book of about Rs. 9,100 crore strong customer relationships 
and disciplined execution approach, we are confident of sustaining our growth 
trajectory and creating long-term value for all stakeholders. 
 With that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Shyam Agarwal, who will take you 
through the operational highlights and business developments for the quarter. 
Shyam Agarwal: Thank you, Mr. Gupta, and good afternoon, everyone.  
Let me start with a quick overview of the industry environment during the 
quarter. In quarter 2 FY26, the global auto industry witnessed moderate growth 
of 2.6%, while the Indian auto industry reported an improved performance. As 
per ACMA, domestic product ion volumes grew modestly by around 9.9% Y -o-
Y, led primarily by the 2-wheeler and the commercial vehicle segments. 
 The domestic 2 -wheeler segment has been a bright spot, registering around 
10.6% Y-o-Y growth, driven by festive and marriage season demand and aided 
by improved sentiments following the rationalization of GST. With improving 
affordability and also sign of healthier demand in both rural and urban markets, 
the momentum is expected to continue. 
 The commercial vehicle category in India grew by 10.9% Y-o-Y, added by higher 
demand of LCVs and for last mile logistics. There are signs of improving 
spending on infrastructure, mining and construction in the months ahead, 
which will serve to firm up demand.  
In the passenger vehicle segment, volumes were higher by 4.2% Y-o-Y, with the 
GST rationalization contributing to improving affordability and better customer 
sentiments. There has also been an increase in export volume by many of the 
OEMs, aiding the uptick in volumes.  
So overall, quarter 2 FY26 represented an improving landscape for the 
domestic auto industry.  
Compared to the growth witnessed in the global and the domestic industry, 
Alicon has witnessed degrowth of 7.8% in revenue on a Y-o-Y basis. This is due 
to a combination of three factors. Firstly, some onetime projects undertaken in 
the base period. Secondly, a U.K. -based OEM customer was impacted by a 

[page 7]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 6 of 16  
cyber-attack which impacted production at its plant for up to 5 weeks, during 
which they asked us to pause supplies. And thirdly, due to headwinds faced by 
our CV customers in the USA who have stated that in some cases, volumes 
have dipped by approximately 25% to 26%.  
Given the skew of our business towards these different factors, our numbers 
differ from the trends in global and domestic industry.  
However, the silver lining in our performance is that we continue to rebuild our 
trajectory from the disruption we witnessed in quarter 3 FY24. Q2 revenue of 
Rs. 429 crore are 2.5% higher than those of quarter 1, and this is the third time 
successive quarter of improvement in revenue and enhanced profitability. 
Apart from the sudden dip in quarter 3 FY25, Alicon has now reported revenues 
of above Rs. 400 crore run rate for seven of the last eight quarters, 
demonstrating operational stability and improved trajectory despite a variety of 
external challenges. 
 Our domestic business benefited from volume ramp -up with the few key 
customers in the PV and the 2 -wheeler space. The contribution from the 2 -
wheeler segment increased further in quarter 2 FY26, supported by new 
program additions and higher share of business with the existing OEMs. As a 
result, 2-wheeler business has increased by 18% quarter-on-quarter and 8% Y-
o-Y. 
 In the PV segment, we saw positive trends from all our customers. For one of 
our Japanese OEMs, we have ramped up the production of a cylinder head of 
1.5-liter engine. Since the market preference is shifting strongly towards SUV 
and this product find application for larger-sized PVs, we have witnessed strong 
increase in volume for these parts. 
 Another prominent Japanese OEM in India with a successful portfolio of hybrid 
vehicles continue to do well. As we enjoy 100% share of business for cylinder 
head that are used in their hybrid vehicles, we have witnessed strong growth. 
Further, this OEM is also experiencing healthy growth in export, and we believe 
there is scope to improve volume further. 
 One of our European OEM customer s who has established India -based 
operation as a key export hub has successfully ramped up production. For this 
customer, we have witnessed sharp revenue growth in quarter 2, higher by 53% 
on quarter-on-quarter basis and 257% on a Y-o-Y basis.  
With this, we have witnessed healthy growth of 7% Q -on-Q and 16% Y -o-Y in 
the PV business, contributing to growth and improved profitability. 

[page 8]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 7 of 16  
 Coming to the order wins during the quarter, we won seven parts from six 
customers. This includes one part from ICE, 1 part from carbon neutral vertical, 
1 part from structural business and 4 parts from non -auto businesses. Of the 
part won, one part pertains to the global business , and 6 parts are from 
domestic customers. 
 For the global business, we have won an order to supply a part to the prominent 
Italian supercar manufacturer. This is follow -on order having successfully 
provided a part earlier, and we are encouraged with their faith in us.  
An OEM whom we have catered to in the U.S. and European operation has now 
given us business from the India operations. This is for a high potential part that 
we feel has the scope to open the door for new business for us.  
We have received a development order from a prominent German OEM. This 
part has potential to be scaled into fairly large-sized business if the initial trials 
are successful.  
For a domestic PSU player, we won an order of supply of cylinder head, which 
will find application in the defense segment.  
Another part that we are supplying to the India operations of a global leader in 
the off -highway construction and earthmoving equipment industry has a 
potential for future growth.  
With that, I will now hand over to Mr. Manish Kapoor, our Chief Operating 
Officer, who will share updates on key order wins, progress in our new business 
initiatives, development under the Defense, Aerospace and Railway verticals. 
Over to you, Mr. Kapoor. 
Manish Kapoor: Thank you, Shyam, and good evening, everyone.  
I will build on what Shyam just outlined about the industry backdrop and 
Alicon's related performance by sharing some highlights from our operations, 
key customer developments and strategic initiatives during the quarter. From 
an operational standpoint, Q2 was marked by continued efforts to stabilize the 
improved throughput across our plants.  
Given uneven demand patterns in certain export geographies, we work ed 
closely with our customers in India to maintain healthy production levels and 
improve overall equipment efficiency through tighter process discipline and 
better manpower planning. Our digital process controls are now active across 
the majority of lines, a nd we are already seeing tangible gains in cycle time 
efficiency, scrap reduction and machine uptime.  

[page 9]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 8 of 16  
These improvements are beginning to translate into stronger operational 
leverage, which will support margin in the coming quarters. We are also 
progressing well on our automation road map with new robotic cells 
commissioned at our Pune facilities. These ar e helping us enhance 
consistency, reduce manual intervention and improve worker safety, all of 
which are part of our broader goal of becoming a truly “Smart Foundry” 
organization.  
Alongside, we are increasing the use of data analytics and IoT monitoring to 
predict machine health and optimize energy consumption. In our pursuit of 
operational excellence, we have onboarded a team of German experts to 
further enhance practices and processes in our casting operations. Leveraging 
their deep technical expertise and global experience, they will help us to refine 
our methods, identify opportunities to reduce costs, improve yields, enhance 
output and throughput and optimize capacity utilizatio n. The objective is to 
build on our already high -performing casting operations and elevate them to 
globally benchmarked standards.  
All of you are aware of the successful induction of solar power generation 
across our facilities in India and Europe. Our sustainability initiatives continue 
to deliver meaningful results with nearly 50% to 55% of our total electricity 
requirements now being met through solar energy. 
 Let me also take a moment to speak about our Defense, Aerospace and 
Railways (DAR) vertical. We have already initiated pilot discussions with 
leading defense and aerospace companies for lightweight aluminum and 
hybrid casting applications. The interest from these sectors is encouraging  –  
driven by India's localization push, higher indigenization targets and demand 
for advanced precision cast components. The DAR vertical is being developed 
as a standalone business pillar with dedicated technical and program 
management teams and will play an important role in diversifying Alicon's 
revenue base over the medium term.  
In parallel, we continue to explore opportunities in rail and metro applications, 
especially for structural and powertrain -related castings, which require high 
strength to weight ratios and design complexity, areas where Alicon already has 
strong know-how.  
Overall, our focus remains on consistent execution, efficiency improvement 
and diversification. The combination of new program wins, technology -led 
productivity gains and expanding sector participation will support both revenue 
growth and margin improvement going forward.  

[page 10]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 9 of 16  
With that, we have covered the key business and operational highlights for Q2 
and H1 FY26. We will now open the floor for questions. My colleagues and I will 
be happy to address any queries you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on a touchstone telephone. If 
you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and 
two. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. 
Ladies a nd gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles.  
The first question comes from the line of Umesh Matkar with Sushil Financial 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Umesh Matkar: Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions. There has been 
a strong 300 basis points improvement in the gross margins during the quarter. 
Could you please elaborate whether this improvement is driven by favourable 
product mix or price increases to the customers? Also, do you see this margin 
level as sustainable going forward? 
Shyam Agarwal: Yes. Thank you, Umesh, for the question. So as explained by Mr. Vimal, this is 
the result of the product mix, what we are focusing as a part of the long -term 
strategy, which we are following over the year. So, we are focusing more on the 
4-wheeler business. So, if you see in this quarter, the PV industry growth is 
4.2%, while other growth in the PV is 16%. So there, we are focusing more on 
the PV business, which fetches more high VA part. 
 Secondly, as explained by Mr. Kapoor, we are working a lot on the operational 
efficiencies. We are utilizing more robos , automation and also, we are taking 
the support of the industry experts, especially the German foundry expert, 
which we have hired.  
So, we are working with the product mix change on a long-term strategy basis. 
And also, we are working on the operational excellence, which is fetching us 
the higher margin. 
Vimal Gupta: Umesh, that one part is you are about talking about the sales mix that has 
explained. And second, you have asked about the price increases. So that is 
not being factored here. That is not the part of this improvement in our gross 
margins. 
Umesh Matkar: Okay. Another question I had. Can you share the details of the key order wins 
and new customer additions during Q2? And also additionally, are there any 
significant new production developments or technology programs under 
execution or expected to launch in coming quarters? 

[page 11]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 10 of 16  
Shyam Agarwal: Yes, I think I have already covered in my speech. So, we have got the 7  parts 
order from the 6 customer and the sale over 5 years will fetch Rs. 257 crore. So, 
that is the new order which we have got in the quarter 2. And here, more focus 
what we are giving on the structural part, what I mentioned in my speech. And 
second, also on the non -auto, where we have got 3 parts, and it also give s us 
risk mitigation because our 4% revenues comes from the non-auto, and we are 
focusing more on the non-auto so that we meet the risk mitigation plan. 
Umesh Matkar: Right. My third question is, as mentioned in the previous con call, several new 
programs such as e Axle for JLR and new structural components for European 
OEMs are expected to commence production from Q3 onwards. Could you 
please update us on the status of these SOPs? And what would be the 
estimated revenue contribution from the programs over the next few quarters? 
Shyam Agarwal: Yes, Umesh. So, for the eAxle program for the European customers, so we have 
already started the production. They are now in the ramp-up phase. So, we are 
continuously ramping up the volume for these programs. And also, for the 
structural part for the European customer. So, as I said,  initially, we got a few 
orders, which we have updated in the last con call. And in this quarter, again, 
we have got one order. So those orders are already in place. Particular order 
value, generally, we do not disclose in the con call, Umesh. 
Umesh Matkar: So, since these new programs are largely in the 4-wheeler segment and we have 
higher value addition, should we expect the corresponding improvement in 
EBITDA margins, say, from 13% to 14%, 14.5% once this SOP stabilize? 
Vimal Gupta: So, Umesh, all these are the forward -looking statements what you are asking. 
But definitely, what in every concall we are explaining now, maybe we had a bad 
quarter like the quarter 3 of the last year. But now you can see there is an 
improvement quarter-on-quarter in the margins. And definitely, it will continue 
in coming two quarters as well as you will see in the coming year also. 
Umesh Matkar: Okay. That is great to hear. Finally, could you share your medium-term outlook, 
particularly FY27 in terms of revenue trajectory, expected capacity utilization 
and of course, margin you have covered it. So, these two? 
Vimal Gupta: Umesh, the same again, I think it is too early in giving these forward -looking 
statements, because many factors are there that we have to incorporate 
because we are seeing that the domestic market will do well. But still, we are 
not clear about the tariff issue with the U.S. because we have a big exposure in 
the U.S. market also. 
And maybe dependency on U.S. market through some other countries exports. 
So, but definitely, there will be an improvement , maybe double digit, we can 

[page 12]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 11 of 16  
expect growth in the next year in the top line. But maybe I think in quarter 4, we 
will be able to give a clear picture. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that may press star and one to ask 
a question. Next question comes from the line of Rahul Kumar with Nuvama. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Kumar: Yes. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I have two questions. First, on the order 
book side. So, you mentioned that the order book is at Rs. 9,100 crore. So , 
could you tell us what is the execution timeline for this? And also what would 
be the contribution of new orders to revenue in FY26 and FY27? 
Shyam Agarwal: Okay. The timeline for this order book is from FY24 to FY29. So, this is the 
execution time frame. But for the revenue generation, as Mr. Vimal has 
explained, that is a forward -looking statement, and we are seeing lots of 
uncertainty in the global market. So, it will be better if we give you some 
numbers in quarter 4. That will be much better. Thank you. 
Rahul Kumar: Okay. Thanks. The second question is , if you could tell us the revenue share 
from U.S. in FY25 and first half of FY26? And what is the tariff applicable on U.S. 
exports in Q2? Is it 25% on passenger vehicle parts and 50% on other parts? 
And has the tariff reduced on commercial vehicle parts to 25% in November? 
Shyam Agarwal: As far as we are aware, you are right. On the passenger vehicle, the tariff is 25%, 
while on the commercial vehicle it is 50%, but I have not heard that it is reduced 
to 25%. 
Rahul Kumar: Okay. Sir, if you could tell us the revenue share from U.S. in FY25 and H1 FY26? 
Shyam Agarwal: Roughly around 7% to 8% revenue yes comes from North America. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and one to 
ask a question. Next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh with Arihant 
Capital Markets Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: Yes. Thank you for the opportunity sir and overall congratulation on the decent 
set of numbers. And just wanted to ask a few of the questions. Like you 
mentioned about seven new parts that booked in Q2. So, could you quantify 
potential annual revenue that we are targeting and expected to start of 
production? And also, what portion of new wins are EV or hybrid related? And 
how much of the 27 pipeline is tied up to future mobility platform? 
Shyam Agarwal: Okay. Jyoti. So, from these seven parts, our average annual revenue will be Rs. 
53 crore and the total potential out of this part is Rs. 257 crore. And if we see 
out of this, 1 part is for carbon neutral. And then we have 3 parts from the non-
auto in this. 

[page 13]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 12 of 16  
Vimal Gupta: Jyoti, only one more thing I would like to add to what Shyam is explaining that 
maybe like carbon neutral or some other customers. So, we have added a very 
big, what we can say, the giant in automotive industry. So that is the start and 
maybe we are starting with a small volume, but there is a potential of big 
business with those customers. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. And sir, just wanted clarity on the EBITDA margin side, like we have 
posted decent EBITDA margin this quarter, 12.7% . So what is our target going 
forward in H2 and per se for FY27 and FY26? 
Vimal Gupta: So I think the same thing, Jyoti, you are asking. But hopefully, those should be 
the better one in quarter 3 and quarter 4 against the quarter 2. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. And sir, like also mentioned in the PPT like for the CEO transition that is 
expected to happen from March 26. So how will leadership ensure the growth-
wise and what our expectation? And if you can guide us on the future growth 
front and also any potential client that we are looking to add, if we can update 
on it? 
Vimal Gupta: Yes. So that one is that maybe you know Mr. Sikand, I think you had meeting 
with him. So, he has built up this and brought this Alicon  up to this level. But 
Sumit, who is coming as a new CEO. So , he is having a huge experience , and 
his background is the automotive industry and having a good experience on the 
production side as well as a good relationship with the customers. And we are 
expecting that he will take the Alicon to new heights. That is what I can say at 
this moment. 
Jyoti Singh: Nice, sir. And sir, on the capex side, what is our plan for FY26, FY27? And how 
much will go towards technology and capacity expansion, if you can? 
Vimal Gupta: At this moment, we are compiling this, but it will be in the range of Rs. 130 crore 
to Rs. 140 crore. And generally, out of this, we see Rs. 25 crore, Rs. 30 crore 
goes for the maintenance capex. And maybe I think Rs. 20 crore or Rs. 25 crore 
will go for upgradations like technology, maybe robots or such type of things, 
automations. And balance, we have to focus on our capacity expansion. And 
maybe I think when we are finalizing, maybe we come up with the new location 
also because I think you have visited our plant, Jyoti. 
Jyoti Singh: Yes, sir. Yes. Chakan plant, I visited. 
Vimal Gupta: This is Chinchwad plant. So, all our plants are full now. So, we have to go for a 
new location also. Maybe as you are aware that we have already land bank in 
Khed City. So that or maybe some other location, maybe in short term, we will 
finalize that. 

[page 14]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 13 of 16  
Jyoti Singh: Okay, sir. And sir, on the Europe side, if you can update us what is going on and 
how is the order wins that is going on? And plus, how is the company mitigating 
risk from rare earth material shortage and any impact to us on that side? 
Shyam Agarwal: Yes. Okay. So, for our company in Europe, so there, we are focusing more on 
the new technology part. And that has always worked well for Alicon Group 
because new technology that comes first in Europe and later on after 4 to 5 
years, it comes to India. So, we have seen when we developed the e Axle 
project. So first, we did the development in Europe. And then for the mass 
production, we shifted it to India. 
 Same way for the motor housing for the EV vehicles. And now we are doing with 
the structural part for the supercar from the Italian OEM. So always, we work in 
this strategy that new technology we develop in Europe and then for the mass 
production, we ship to India. So that is working well. 
 Now for the big global OEM, what Mr. Vimal explained, for that business also, 
we are working with the OEM that first, we will develop in Europe. And then for 
the mass production, it will ship to India. So that is on the European facility.  
Second, on the rare earth magnet issue. So there, we are seeing some demand 
side issue from the OEMs or the Tier 1, where they are finding it difficult to get 
the magnets from China. So, this issue is persisting for last 2 quarters, but still, 
we are not seeing any ray of hope for one or two more quarters. But some of the 
customers, they have started importing the magnets without rare earth. So 
there, we are seeing some improvement. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and one to 
ask a question. Next question comes from the line of Naysar with Credent Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Naysar: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Can you just give revenue mix for the quarter? 
Shyam Agarwal: Yes, revenue mix. Yes. So, in this quarter, the 2 -wheeler contributes 44% 
passenger vehicle 41% commercial vehicle has come down to 10% because of 
our demand issues from the North America customer and non -auto is 5%. So, 
this is the revenue mix for the quarter 2. 
Naysar: Okay. And sir, you see the order book of Rs. 9,100 crore is from FY24 to FY29. 
Can you just help me understand this better? So, if you have already whatever 
executed from FY24 to Q2 FY26, how do you account for this? And what is the 
relevance of this number then? 
Shyam Agarwal: Yes. So very good question. So, what we do, we keep a track that how much 
revenue we have generated from this order book and then we keep on adding 
what new products or the order which we are getting. And in some cases, we 

[page 15]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 14 of 16  
have seen the volumes are dropped by the customer, especially what we are 
seeing with the carbon-neutral products or the EV. So that we discount. So we 
keep on updating this. And right now, the Rs. 9,100 number, which you are 
seeing, that is the updated one with the addition of the new orders which we 
have got in quarter 2. 
Naysar: What is the execution period, this will be executed from now till FY29, is it? Is 
that the correct understanding? 
Shyam Agarwal: Yes. Out of this, if you see, this value we have already consumed and remaining 
will be executed till FY29. 
Naysar: How much you have already consumed? So , let us say, out of Rs.9,100 crore, 
how much is remaining, which will be executed from Q3 F26 to FY29? 
Shyam Agarwal: Till now, we have consumed around Rs. 650 crore to Rs. 700 crore from this 
order book and remaining will be consumed till FY29. 
Naysar: So basically Rs. 8,400 crore? 
Shyam Agarwal: Right. 
Naysar: And plus  you will get new orders, which will be, say, regular part of your 
business that will be over and above the recurring business? 
Shyam Agarwal: Yes, that will be over and over, but you also see some of the products will come 
towards the end because of the product life cycle. So that we keep on 
discounting. So, it is not that it will keep on adding, but we also discount where 
any product is coming to the end of the life cycle.   And sometimes some 
projects are prematurely also closed. So that also we removed from the order 
book. 
Naysar: So, the order book that you mentioned right now, that is the updated one, right? 
So, you believe this you will execute over the next few years,  Rs. 8,400 crore? 
Shyam Agarwal: Correct. You are right. 
Naysar: Sir, if I see the revenue mix, so Q-o-Q, the share of 2-wheeler has gone up from 
40% to 44%, if I am not mistaken. And CV has come down from 15% to 10%. So, 
despite that, your gross margins have improved?   I was trying to understand 
because 2-wheeler is a lower gross margin business, right? So , despite share 
of 2-wheeler going up by 400 bps Q-o-Q, your gross margins have improved. So, 
can you just help us understand this better? 
Shyam Agarwal: Yes. So, one aspect you have touched, like commercial vehicle has gone down 
from 15% to 10%. But here, you see the passenger vehicle contribution. That 

[page 16]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 15 of 16  
has increased from 39% to 41%. So that is contributing to the highway 
business. Secondly, what we have explained, like we are working on the 
operational front also. So, we are going for the more robotization, more use of 
AI and also the level up in our foundry. So that also we are working up. So , we 
work on the product mix side also and also on the operational front. So , the 
profitability improve is the outcome of both the efforts what we are doing. 
Naysar: Okay. So just on the internal operational efficiency, how much more headroom 
do you think you can improve your gross margins? I understand revenue mix is 
a function of the end market and all of that. But let us say, by internal efficiency 
how much gross margin you can further improve. 
Shyam Agarwal: Naysar, it is very difficult to quantify, but we always say improvement is a never-
ending process. We keep on improving, and we see lots of good benchmark s. 
Like we see that Toyota, which is one of the good customers there, we see lots 
of good benchmarking practices. Same way, there are many global OEMs like 
Suzuki is there, Honda is there. So , we see lots of improvement, and we keep 
on try that we do not become complacent and we keep on improving. 
Naysar: Okay. And sir, just last question. So let us say, maybe based on the order book 
visibility that you have in next 2 to 3 years, according to you, what will be the 
share of PV, which is right now 41%. What will be the range broadly if you can 
just guide us on that? 
Shyam Agarwal: Naysar, I cannot give you the specific number. But with the RFQ, which we are 
having and the project which we are executing and the number of the parts 
which we are supplying to the passenger vehicle customer and the expertise 
which we have developed, which is not available with our competitors, you will 
see the continuous growth in the passenger vehicle segment. 
 And, last two quarters, we are seeing the decline in the commercial vehicle 
number. But as soon as the tariff situation in U.S. will improve, and also the 
magnet issue will resolve. You will see the commercial vehicle number will 
again start picking. So , our focus and the strategy is very long term, for which 
we were working for last 2, 3 years. So , you will see the continuous number 
improvement and the contribution from the passenger vehicle as well as from 
the commercial vehicle. 
 And lastly, on the 2 -wheeler, I tell you, for the 2 -wheeler businesses, we are 
working with lots of OEMs. However, we focus more on the customer where we 
have a good value addition, and we are not going for the higher share of 
business on the sake of only  increasing the top line. So that is not our 
endeavour. We work that our top line increases, but sustainable and good 
increase in the bottom line. 

[page 17]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 16 of 16  
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have 
reached the end of question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vimal Gupta: Thank you. Before we close, I would like to take a moment to thank all our 
investors, analysts and stakeholders for joining us today and for your continued 
trust and support. As we discussed, while the external environment continues 
to present challenges,  we are seeing clear sign of improvement in our 
operations, customer engagement and execution efficiency. The stability in our 
performance over the last few quarters gives us confidence that we are on the 
right track. 
 We will continue to monitor global developments closely and stay agile in our 
response while remaining focused on our long -term priorities, diversification, 
technology leadership and operational excellence. Thank you once again for 
your time and participa tion. We look forward to connecting with you next 
quarter. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Alicon Castalloy  Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The company 
does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
