[page 1]
        Casting the Future 
 
 
May 16, 2026.  
To To 
The Manager The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services The Listing Department 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001 Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 531147 Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts Conference Call 
We are enclosing herewith  the transcript of the conference call with analysts, which took place 
on May 13, 2026 , after announcement of the audited Financial Results for quarter  and financial 
year ended March 31, 2026. The said transcript is also uploaded on website of the Company.  
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For ALICON CASTALLOY LIMITED  
 
 
VIMAL GUPTA  
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 

[page 2]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 1 of 22  
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 13, 2026 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani: Thank you, Michelle. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Alicon Castalloy Limited's Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Sumit Bhatnagar, CEO; and Mr. Vimal 
Gupta, CFO. Mr. Sumit Bhatnagar will share his perspectives on the industry 
backdrop and the growth strategy, following which Mr. Vimal Gupta will cover 
the financial and operational performance for the quarter and the full year. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward -looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings documents that have been shared with all of 
you earlier.  
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Sumit Bhatnagar. Over to you, sir. 
Sumit Bhatnagar: Thank you, Mayank, and good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
today. And I trust all of you have had the opportunity to review the earnings 
presentation, which was shared with you earlier.  
It is a privilege for me to address all of you as I take over as the CEO of Alicon 
Castalloy effective 1st of April 2026. I would like to begin by expressing my 
gratitude to our Board, employees, customers, partners, shareholders for the 
trust and confidence they have placed in me, as we enter the next phase of 
Alicon's journey. Alicon today stands on a very strong foundation  built over 5 
decades through deep engineering expertise, robust manufacturing 
capabilities, enduring customer relationships and an unwavering commitment 
towards quality and execution. 

[page 3]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 2 of 22  
As I step into this role, I do so with great respect for the legacy that has been 
created and with a clear focus on strengthening Alicon's scale capabilities and 
long-term relevance across evolving markets and technologies. Over the years, 
Alicon has evolv ed alongside the changing automotive landscape and 
established itself as a trusted supplier across both domestic and the global 
markets. Today, the industry is undergoing a significant transformation driven 
by electrification, premiumization, lightweightin g, energy transition and 
increasing the technology integration.  
We believe Alicon is well positioned to participate meaningfully in these 
structural shifts given our strong product capabilities, diversified customer 
base and growing presence in technologically advanced and value -added 
applications. Going forward, our p riorities will remain centered around 3 
growth themes: a deepening of customer relationships, expanding our 
capabilities and manufacturing footprint and further strengthening our 
leadership and organizational depth. 
On the customer front, I recently had the opportunity to engage with several of 
our global customers across both automotive and industrial segments, and the 
feedback has been highly encouraging. Increasingly, customers are looking at 
Alicon not merely as a component supplier, but as a long-term engineering and 
manufacturing partner capable of supporting their future growth plans.  
We are seeing opportunities expand across platforms, geographies and 
product categories with customers expressing greater willingness to 
consolidate business with reliable and technically capable partners such as 
Alicon. This is true not only in automotive  applications, but also in adjacent 
industrial and non -automotive segments, where our casting, machining and 
engineering capabilities provide meaningful competitive advantages. As the 
relationship deepen, there is also a corresponding opportunity to expand  our 
scale and capabilities. 
Customers are increasingly engaging with us for higher value and more 
technologically advanced products, while also encouraging us to participate in 
a larger share of their sourcing requirements. In line with this, we will continue 
to invest in capacity en hancement, automation, machining and process 
capabilities, both organically and through selective inorganic opportunities, 
where they strengthen our strategic positioning and customer relevance. 
Equally important is our focus on building the organizational capability and the 
leadership bandwidth. We firmly believe that creating a stronger and more 
future-ready organization is essential to support the next phase of Alicon's 
growth.  

[page 4]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 3 of 22  
Over recent months, we have significantly strengthened our leadership team 
across functions, including sales and marketing, product and process 
technology, program management, manufacturing, supply chain, tool 
manufacturing, operational excellence and human resource. The pace and 
quality of talent addition undertaken during this period reflects our intent to 
build scalable organization capable of supporting materially higher levels of 
growth in the years ahead.  
Turning to the broader operating environment, the global business landscape 
became relatively more challenging during the fourth quarter amid the volatile 
macroeconomic conditions. While the quarter began on a stable footing, the 
escalation of tensions in the Middle East contributed to increased uncertainty 
resulting in volatility in energy prices, persistent inflationary pressures and 
some disruptions in freight movement and supply chain.  
In contrast, the domestic environment remained comparatively resilient. India 
continued to be among the fastest -growing major economies globally, 
supported by healthy domestic consumption, government -led infrastructure 
investments, improving manufacturing activity and sustained momentum 
across several industrial sectors. In addition, proactive measures undertaken 
by the government towards diversification of energy procurement and supply 
chain management have helped mitigate the broader impact of global 
disruptions on the domestic economy thus far.  
Against this backdrop, we witnessed several important trends emerging across 
the automotive industry. One of the most notable developments has been the 
renewed momentum in electric vehicles and hybrid technologies. Growing 
focus on energy security and fuel  diversification has accelerated customer 
interest in alternate mobility solutions, resulting in stronger traction for EV and 
hybrid platforms across the multiple segments.  
At the same time, inflationary pressures across the value chain have remained 
significant in addition to aluminum and related alloys, prices of commodities 
such as steel, copper and other input materials witnessed meaningful 
increase. This was further compounded by high energy costs, freight expenses, 
packaging costs and currency movements. While aluminum price increases 
are largely pass -through in nature, there is typically a timing lag involved, 
whereas certain overhead related cost increases are fully re coverable. 
Consequently, these factors could exert some pressure on the margins, as we 
move into FY 2027. 
Energy availability also emerged as an important area of focus during the 
quarter, and we use a variety of fuels, including LSHS, CBFS, PNG and LPG, 
mainly in process of melting, die heating and heat treatment. We undertook 
several operational initiatives, including process modifications, optimization of 

[page 5]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 4 of 22  
gas utilization and selective migration towards electric heating solutions in 
order to manage fuel availability challenges effectively, and these measures 
helped us to significantly reduce the gas consumption without any disruption 
to production schedules of our customers.  
Importantly, during the brief period of fuel supply constraints, our team 
demonstrated some exceptional commitment beyond the workplace as well. 
In several instances, employees and plant teams came together to support 
workers and their families by helping arrange essential cooking fuel and meals, 
ensuring that operational continuity was matched by care and responsibility 
towards our people and communities. 
While on the subject of energy availability and consumption, it is important to 
highlight that over 50% of overall power requirement is now being met through 
renewable resources, primarily solar energy. The transition has significantly 
strengthened our operational resilience and only a small part of operations is 
exposed to the risk coming from the impact of volatility in energy prices, supply 
constraints and disruptions due to the evolving geopolitical situations in the 
Middle East.  
Another important development during the quarter pertains to the labour cost. 
Following the implementation of the revised labour codes earlier, the recent 
notification by Government of Haryana regarding an increase in minimum 
wages effective 1st April '26 is expected to increase the labour cost at our North 
India factory, Binola by approximately 35%. There means a possibility of similar 
revisions being implemented across other states over a period of time. 
However, we believe that our ongoing investments in automation, productivity 
enhancement and operational efficiency initiatives will help us meaningfully 
absorb the impact over the medium term.  
Despite these near -term challenges, we remain constructive on the medium -
term outlook for Indian manufacturing and exports. Global OEMs are 
increasingly evaluating India as a reliable and cost-competitive manufacturing 
and sourcing hub as part of a broader  supply chain diversification initiative. 
Additionally, developments around India, EU trade framework and progress 
towards India -U.S. trade agreement are also encouraging from a long -term 
perspective. With its strong engineering capabilities, diversified customer base 
and established manufacturi ng footprint, Alicon remains well positioned to 
participate in these opportunities. 
Coming to the business development, Alicon has recently secured orders for 
two very distinct part numbers in this quarter. The first part is for a premium 2-
wheeler customer in India. This is a critical part for an upcoming product launch 
pertaining to higher CC platforms in motorcycles. The second part is supply of 
a turbo core compressor component used in data centres. This is in the non -

[page 6]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 5 of 22  
auto segment for Alicon and opens up a completely new product category for 
us as well as a new addressable market.  
Our existing passenger vehicle programs with leading Japanese OEMs continue 
to perform well during this year, supported by a strong growth in SUV platforms 
and hybrid vehicle demand. Given an increasing end customer preference 
towards hybrids and fuel efficiency mobility solutions, we believe, these 
programs remain well positioned for continued momentum going forward.  
In the commercial vehicle segment, the programs secured during the previous 
quarter from leading domestic OEM, along with the additional order from a 
prominent Tier 1 supplier with a diversified Indian industrial group are 
progressing well. Development and  implementation activities have largely 
been completed, and these programs have now moved into the initial 
production. Domestic CV industry volumes during the fourth quarter grew by 
approximately 19.5% year -on-year, and Alicon remains well positioned to 
participate in this growth given our strong relationship across the leading 
OEMs.  
We also witnessed improved traction from our 2-wheeler customers during the 
recent quarters. Alicon today supplies several critical products to leading 
players within the segment and the strong recovery in industry volumes since 
September 2025 has translat ed into improved business momentum for the 
company. Consequently, the contribution of the 2 -wheeler segment to our 
overall business increased meaningfully during quarter 4 FY '26 as compared 
to the corresponding previous last year. 
On the global side, we recently secured an e -Axle housing program from a 
premium German automobile OEM and has also progressed very satisfactorily 
with execution moving in line with the planned timelines. Successful delivery of 
these technologically advanced and value -accretive programs is expected to 
further strengthen Alicon's credibility, deepen customer engagement and 
support additional opportunities across the global markets.  
Overall, we remain focused on a disciplined execution, operational excellence, 
customer centricity and strengthening Alicon's positioning as a technology -
driven manufacturing partner. Supported by a healthy order pipeline, strong 
customer relationships and  ongoing investments in manufacturing and 
process capabilities, we remain very confident that the company's long -term 
growth opportunities.  
With that, I would like to hand over the call to Vimal, our CFO, who will take you 
through the operating and financial performance for the quarter and the year. 
Thank you. 

[page 7]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 6 of 22  
Vimal Gupta: Thank you, Sumit, and good evening, everyone. We appreciate your 
participation in today's call to discuss Alicon Castalloy's performance for 
fourth quarter and for the financial year '25-'26.  
Despite a relatively challenging global macroeconomic environment during the 
quarter, Alicon delivered a resilient performance and concluded FY '26 on a 
strong note. While the international business witnessed some recovery in 
quarter 4, growth during the p eriod was primarily driven by robust momentum 
in domestic market across key automotive segments.  
For Q4 FY '26, Alicon Castalloy reported a total revenue of ₹495 crore, reflecting 
healthy growth of 16% year -on-year. This also represents the highest ever 
quarterly revenue reported by the company. A part of increase in top line during 
the quarter was attributable to pass -through impact of higher aluminum and 
alloy prices. The domestic business remained the principal growth driver during 
the quarter, supported by strong demand across passenger vehicle and 
commercial vehicle segments, along with improving traction in 2-wheelers.  
On the international side, customer -specific issues and relatively softer 
demand conditions in select export markets continued to weigh on volumes. 
However, the strength of domestic business helped offset a significant portion 
of these headwinds.  
From a profitability standpoint, gross margin  for the quarter stood at 45%, 
reflecting a reduction of 248 basis points on year -on-year basis. Margin during 
quarter was influenced by a combination of factors, including change in the 
product mix, relatively higher contribution from domestic and 2 -wheeler 
business and the impact of elevated aluminum prices. While higher raw 
material prices contributed positively to revenue growth on an absolute basis, 
they had a moderating effect on the gross margin due to the pass -through 
nature of aluminum pricing. On a quarter -on-quarter basis, gross margin 
moderated by 216 basis points from 47.2% quarter 3 of FY '26, reflecting 
changes in product mix and the base effect of higher aluminum prices.  
EBITDA for quarter 4 of FY '26 was ₹46 crore, representing a year -on-year 
decrease of 3% due to the inflationary trend in cost heads and base effect of 
higher aluminum prices. Sequentially, EBITDA improved compared to quarter 3 
FY '26, as operational performance strengthened during the quarter offsetting 
the other factors. However, EBITDA margins broadly mirrored the trend seen at 
the gross margin level due to the evolving business mix and raw material pricing 
dynamics.  
Profitability during the year also continued to reflect investments being made 
towards future growth initiatives and operational upgrades, including 

[page 8]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 7 of 22  
technology enhancement programs, automation initiatives, capacity 
expansion, employee capability building and business development efforts. 
While these investments impacted near -term profitability to some extent 
through higher depreciation and operating costs, they are expected to 
contribute meaningfully towards productivity efficiency and scalability over the 
medium term. At the same time, strong working capital discipline and prudent 
balance sheet management contributed towards lower finance cost during the 
period.  
Profit before tax before exceptional items for quarter 4 FY '26 stood at ₹10 crore 
as compared to ₹11 crore in quarter 3. On a year-on-year basis, PBT was lower 
by ₹4 crore, largely reflecting the higher depreciation. Profit after tax for quarter 
4 FY '26 stood at ₹8 crore compared to ₹9 crore in quarter 4 of FY '25. On a 
sequential quarter basis, profit after tax in quarter 4 was higher by 141% 
compared to PAT of ₹3.3 crore in quarter 3 of FY '26.  
On a full year basis, Alicon Castalloy reported a consolidated total income of 
approximately ₹1,784 crore for FY '26, reflecting year -on-year growth of 
approximately 4% over FY '25. The strong performance during the second half 
of the year, particularly in the domestic automotive market contributed 
significantly to our top line growth.  Additionally higher aluminum and alloy 
prices also had a positive impact on reported revenues during the year due to 
pass-through pricing mechanism.  
EBITDA for FY '26 stood at approximately ₹203 crore, registering a year-on-year 
increase of 3% over ₹190 crore reported in the previous financial year. Profit 
before tax of FY '26 stood at ₹55 crore as against ₹62 crore reported in FY '25 
after absorbing the impact of ₹8 crore on account of new labour code and 
exceptional items, PAT was ₹24 crore in FY '26 as against ₹46 crore reported in 
FY '25. 
In view of the company's resilient performance despite a challenging operating 
environment, the Board of Directors has recommended a dividend of ₹2 per 
share for FY '26.  
Capital expenditure during FY '26 stood at  approximately ₹135 crore with 
investment directed towards automation initiatives, enhancement of 
machining capabilities, capacity augmentation and readiness for upcoming 
customer programs.  
Simultaneously, the company continued to invest in research and 
development, localization initiatives and digital manufacturing capabilities 

[page 9]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 8 of 22  
with the objective of strengthening long term competitiveness and operational 
resilience.  
Operationally FY '26 was characterized by continuous focus on execution 
excellence, productivity enhancement and throughput improvement across 
manufacturing facilities. Despite demand softness in certain export market, 
the company worked closely with custo mers to maintain product stability, 
optimize capacity utilization and ensure operational efficiency across 
locations. 
During the fourth quarter, we also undertook a comprehensive review of our 
order book to improve visibility and enhance the quality of the executable 
pipeline. Certain completed programs naturally moved out of the order book, 
while a few programs, where cu stomer volumes had not materialized despite 
advanced development stage were also rationalized and removed from the 
backlog. These include two large global players as well as two prominent 
customers in India. We are hopeful that these programs will revive at the later 
stage at which we will add them to our order book backlog again. 
Following this exercise and including recent order wins, Alicon executable 
order book stands at approximately ₹7,600 crore as on March 31st, 
representing not executable orders over a period of 6 years from FY '25-'26 to 
FY '30-'31. This does not include programs that are currently ongoing and had 
already formed part of revenue prior to FY '26. (Note: Order Book tenure has been 
corrected to 6 years. It was inadvertently mentioned as 5 years.) 
Overall, while global markets continue to remain somewhat volatile in the near 
term, the domestic automotive industry continues to exhibit healthy 
momentum and customer demand trends remain encouraging. Supported by 
a healthy order book healthy order pipel ine, strong customer relationship and 
continued investment in technology capabilities and capacity expansion. 
Alicon Castalloy remains well positioned in sustaining growth trajectory over 
the medium to long term. 
With that, I conclude my remarks, and we can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the 
question-and-answer session.  The first question is from the line of 
Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama Research. 
Raghunandhan NL: Good evening team, thank you so much for the opportunity. Firstly, to Sumit, 
sir, thank you, sir, for the detailed opening remarks and highlighting the key 
focus areas. Best wishes for the days ahead. My question is, how do you see 
the medium and long -term target potential for the company? And for the near 

[page 10]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 9 of 22  
term, how do you see the FY '27 revenue target given that there is a large 
pending order book of ₹7,600 crore at your disposal. Thank you. 
Sumit Bhatnagar: All right. Thank you for your question, Raghu. As I said that I have recently taken 
charge in Alicon, and it is a very valid question coming from an investor in terms 
of understanding how do I see the midterm and long -term prospects for the 
company.  
So, if I look at FY '27, the year which we just started, the first approach for me is 
to make sure that we build a very, very strong foundation. Alicon has been there 
for more than 5 decades. So, I would not say that while we do not have a great 
foundation, but I want to revisit and relook at all the processes and make sure 
that we have the right abilities in terms of technology, processes, human 
capital to make sure that we are all ready for a bi g leap. So, this is a year for 
Alicon to Refocus, Reset and Rebuild. That is number one. Number two, if you 
really look at the short term, the first most important thing for us at Alicon is to 
expand our footprint. You will see FY 2026-27, definitely minimum one new 
manufacturing factory site coming for Alicon.  That is step number one, to 
answer your question, Raghu, that how do we take care of the backlog order 
books. So that is step number one.  
I have already mentioned in my speech that we have made serious 
recruitments at various levels across Alicon, and this is basically to meet this 
particular requirement. Definitely, India is a growing market. In past, there are 
some customers with whom we have not been seriously engaged, but I can only 
tell you today that we already have won initial businesses with them, and they 
are very keen to really expand their business portfolio with Alicon.  And this is 
where I am looking in this year to first grow in the domestic business. That is 
number one.  
Number two, last year, I think we have already said in the previous call and also 
in this call that because of some geopolitical situation, the global markets did 
not do so well for us. We have always strategically been focusing a lot on the 
European marke ts and the American markets. But we have not done to our 
expectations for various reasons, which we have also told in the past. This year, 
we are seeing for those things to also revive for us.  
While FY 2026-27, I do not want to make promises of an extraordinary bumper 
year for Alicon. But definitely, we are looking at a reasonable growth. And our 
focus is also going to relook at our margins and further strengthen them in a big 
way. So, this is what I can share with you at this point of time. 
And I think you also asked me, Raghu, our visibility on our growth for FY '27. 
Definitely, we are looking for a modest growth of around 8% to 10% without 
taking care of the aluminium volatility, it is neutral because we do not know to 

[page 11]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 10 of 22  
what extent aluminium will grow because that would further add up to the top 
line.  
So, this is what we are looking at Alicon for this year. And once you talk about 
the long term, which is another right question, there are some strategic 
movements which we will make and which will be a kind of more forward 
integration of our products, which we are very seriously looking at. At the right 
time, we will also let all of you know that what we are planning. 
And definitely, we want to strengthen our European base as well. And our team 
has been aggressively working with the European customers, and we have 
already made some good headway with them, which should convert into 
results in the near future. So, I hope that answers your question, Raghu. 
Raghunandhan NL: Yes sir. Thank you very much.  Very helpful and gives us an insight into your 
thought process. To Vimal sir, sir, in terms of Q4 results on the cost side, other 
expenses seem to be on the higher side compared to last quarter or last year. 
Can you indicate whether there was any one -off item or any expense, which is 
not likely to continue in the coming quarters? 
Vimal Gupta: Yes, Raghu. So, in quarter 4, there are 2 aspects we have to see. One is that like 
Sumit has explained, there is an impact of the aluminium. So, there is a huge 
price increase we have seen in the aluminium in the quarter 4 due to this Middle 
East war. So approximately, we are seeing that ₹30 crore, ₹35 crore when we 
compare with the quarter 3. So that is the one part where we can see, because 
in the results, there is an increase in the raw material cost, our margins are, 
gross margins are down what I was explaining in my notes. That is one part. So 
that impact.  
And second, when we are talking about the operating, this manufacturing and 
other cost. So, you know, a lot of things we have reviewed and some onetime 
cost we have considered and maybe some provisions we have made.  So 
approximately ₹15 crore additional cost, those were not there when we 
compare in the quarter 3 or maybe earlier quarters that has come and we have 
considered in quarter 4. So that is the major impact that we have seen in this. 
Raghunandhan NL: Thank you for that sir. And this aluminium, would it be 3 -month lag for the 
indexation pass-through to customers? 
Vimal Gupta: No, because earlier some customers  are online on a month-on-month basis, 
some work on quarterly basis. But after this big increase what we have seen 
from the mid of March, so almost customers, they are on the same month on a 
monthly basis we are doing. 

[page 12]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 11 of 22  
Raghunandhan NL: Wonderful, sir. So, there should be some pass -through benefit we should see 
in the going ahead, especially if that should help the gross margin? 
Vimal Gupta: I would not say the benefit, I would say that there will be no loss. 
Raghunandhan NL: Understood. Understood, sir. So, your absolute gross profit should not be 
impacted? 
Vimal Gupta: Yes, yes, yes. 
Raghunandhan NL: And for FY '27, I understand there will be this numerator denominator effect that 
arithmetic effect because your aluminium prices go up and at the same time, 
your costs go up. So, but broadly, what is the range of margin you would expect 
for FY '27? And also given that you are working on building your capacities, what 
is the capex we should work with for FY '27? 
Vimal Gupta: So first is like Sumit has explained about the top line 8% to 10%, and he has 
explained totally based on without taking the impact of aluminium prices 
because we do not know when in March, we have seen so big jump in April, I 
have seen approximately again further 15%, 20% increase and May also again 
increase. So, there is a huge jump maybe when we will go for the quarter 1 
review, we will see a huge jump in the aluminium prices. So, we are not 
bothered about that, and we are not even considering our calculations all this. 
So that is the one part. And so whatever that Sumit has explained the growth 
that is purely without taking the impact of these aluminium prices. 
And on the EBITDA side, what you are talking about the margins, so you can see, 
when we are talking saying that 8%, 10% increase in the top line, so 
approximately 20% plus we are expecting increase in the EBITDA margins. That 
was the accrued amount. Understood? The accrued amount maybe as a 
percentage, maybe 1.5% or whatever it comes. 
Raghunandhan NL: Got it sir, got it. This was very helpful. And on the capex side, sir, how much you 
will be spending? And what are the areas, where it will be spent? 
Vimal Gupta: Maybe Sumit would like to answer for this. 
Sumit Bhatnagar: All right. So, Raghu, this year, our capital expenditure are mainly going to be first 
on increasing our capacities, especially on some of the specific manufacturing 
processes of die casting. We will also be putting our capex on increasing our 
machining abilities and machining capacities, and of course, we will be coming 
up with, our new manufacturing plant. 
And other than this, we are keeping aside a good capex for strengthening of our 
cybersecurity. We are also going to be spending a substantial amount on 
automation because it is very clear that in future, we want to have more and 

[page 13]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 12 of 22  
more automated processes to reduce the involvement of people in core 
manufacturing areas. 
So, if you ask about the numbers, I think give and take, we are looking for a 
capital expenditure of anywhere between ₹130 crore to ₹140 crore or ₹I50 
crore. 
Moderator: Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from 
Discovery Capital. Please go ahead. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: Hi sir. Apologies I joined the call slightly late, so apologies if it is a bit of a 
repetition. But I just wanted to understand what exactly has gone wrong over 
the last couple of years? Because you know given that the Range Rover issue 
should now have been resolved by Q4. And overall, if you look at the numbers 
for most of the auto components players, both exposed to the local markets or 
global, all their Q4 numbers have been extremely strong. So, I just wanted to 
understand what has really gone wrong and what are we doing to actually fix it? 
Sumit Bhatnagar: All right. I think, Riddhesh, I will take this question. While your question is 
pertaining to the past period, but I would still attempt to give a fair answer to 
this question. So, if you look at the past couple of years, our strategy has been 
very clearly more focused in 2 specific areas. One is we have been really 
pushing very hard to grow in the global markets. 
Number two, we have been pushing very hard to grow on high -value addition 
products. And if you really look at Alicon's history for the last few years, most of 
the new developments have happened in the passenger vehicle segment. 
where we have won businesses with some of the larger OEMs in higher VA side. 
At the same time, we have won multiple businesses in Europe, especially in the 
EV side and also on the non -EV side, and this is where we have put all our 
energies on.  
Now you also spoke about what went wrong with Range Rover and  its product 
kit. It is a very specific question you have asked. So, I think while you are aware 
that the entire JLR was severely hit for more than a couple of months because 
of some challenges what they had felt or they realized internally, but the vehicle 
is yet to be launched in the market. 
The good news is we have recently seen the vehicle. We had an opportunity 
while we were in JLR. The vehicle is due to come on the roads very soon. Our 
supplies have started. Eventually, there has been a significant delay of, I would 
say, in short.  But for this product has been one of the most complicated 
developments of Alicon so far. This product so far has not been developed by 
any other Indian companies until today. So, I think it is a matter of a lot of pride 
for us that we have done it, but there has been 18 months delay in the 

[page 14]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 13 of 22  
development, which primarily happened from the customer side, but now this 
has been sorted. The vehicle manufacturing has started. The launch will be 
announced very soon, and you will hear from them directly. 
So, this is something which has really put a big dent to our growth journey or our 
efforts. Other than this, because our focus was mainly on the export market 
and unfortunately, we did not get enough lifting of the material from the 
European and the U.S. mark ets for various reasons, including the tariff. So 
overall, wherever we have put more efforts, those places have not yielded 
enough results for us.  
Now the question is, so how are we fixing it?  And I think I already explained to 
you some time back. We have now gone back to some of the major Indian 
OEMs, where we have traditionally not been supplying. And I am very happy to 
share that we already have won business from each one of them, which is 
already into serious production from last couple of months. So, this is definitely 
a beginning with them. We are now putting equal efforts and energy also on the 
domestic markets so that we create enough balance between our European 
plants, U.S. plants as well as the Indian plants. And in this process, we also 
realized that we need more capacities. We need a better footprint. We already 
have now gone ahead. We have already earmarked the place.  The factory has 
been finalized. And by end of this year, our target is to have minimum one. It 
could be more if everything falls right in place for Alicon. But yes, that is true 
that maybe some of the more strategic plans, which Alicon has done in the last 
2 years, they have not yielded the results that were anticipated, but they are not 
failed initiatives. The results are delayed, and we will see the results now in the 
coming years for sure. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: Understood. Sir, but then just to understand, I understand that obviously, the 
entire JLR issue was completely out of our hands, and it is a high revenue and 
high-volume business and actually there is tariffs and all of these implications. 
But even given that, you are still like guiding only towards an 8% to 10% growth. 
Would we not have to then make up for the lack of growth over the last year and 
then have sort of this year. So therefore, this year should the growth be 
materially higher with regards to what you are guiding towards? Given some of 
these issues have been resolved. 
Sumit Bhatnagar: Sure. Riddhesh, it is a fair question. As I have said that the capacity expansion 
has started. But you can understand in our kind of industry, once you start the 
expansion, they take some time to yield positive results. And I am very hopeful 
that towards the end of this financial year, those steep growth increases you 
will see coming up.  But it cannot just happen suddenly on a given day. But I 
think it is a fair question, but I can only tell you that Alicon is now completely 
geared up for this growth, and we will see this very soon in the coming future. 

[page 15]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 14 of 22  
Riddhesh Gandhi: Sir, and this exceptional item, which we had of the write -offs, which you were 
sort of indicating at, just wanted to understand, is that behind us? Or are there 
other write-offs we still need to do in terms of cleaning up the balance sheet, I 
just wanted to understand what were those write-offs which were done? 
Sumit Bhatnagar: So, Riddhesh, I think Vimal did explain some of the extraordinary write -offs 
which we have done. But I can only tell you that we are not looking for any 
further write-offs in this year. And we have recently done our audits. And I am 
quite hopeful and I believ e we have just cleaned up whatever has to be done, 
but I am not looking for any such events coming in the next financial year. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: So then just to understand, given that now the JLR orders will start, which is 
higher profitability, given the exceptional write -offs which we have taken last 
year, again, we are guiding towards just a very small enhancement in terms of 
the margin. We are just being pretty conservative in terms of our guidance 
because I mean it just appearing to be, given all of the capex which we have 
incurred over the last few years, it is not reflecting in our return ratios and our 
growth or our profitab ility. So, are we being conservative on our guidance or 
were we sort of on our expectations with regards to the return we can make on 
the capex? 
Sumit Bhatnagar: Yes, Riddhesh, I can only tell you at this point of time that the bottom line and 
the profitability, as I have also said in the beginning is going to be one of the 
major focus areas, which is not limiting to getting more businesses, but also to 
improve our internal efficiencies, productivities and other things. 
We have plans. We are working on them. What I have shared with the entire 
forum is something, which we definitely are looking for. And definitely, I can 
only tell you that once it comes on taking internal goals and all, we will take 
much more aggressive targets. But I think at this point of time, what I have 
shared, I would really be going hard to meet them. 
But, yes, your point is right. We will not take any conservative targets for the 
organization. We will take it very aggressive and we will see. So yes, so, maybe 
I think by quarter-by-quarter, I think you would be able to see that. 
Still we are in a state where the market is volatile, we still have not completely 
got over from the energy prices and the various escalations, which have 
happened. We are still dealing with them to really commit something under this 
market volatile situati on is not very fair on my side. But still under these 
circumstances, we are going to do our best to achieve great results for Alicon. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Preet Pitani from InCred AMC. 
Please go ahead. 

[page 16]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 15 of 22  
Preet Pitani: Hello sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity.  Sir, I would just like to ask, 
like, last three years, we have done around approximately ₹500 crore of capex, 
which has been our entire profit for the last 10 years to 12 years. I just want to 
understand despite this capex, we are now at 78% utilization. So, what exactly 
this last five-year capex was? And how this has helped us, because our margins 
are also at the bottom end. So how exactly this capex has helped us? Just 
wanted to understand. 
Sumit Bhatnagar: All right. So, the thing is whenever we do a capital planning, generally, you can 
believe that almost 50% of the capital planning is always maintenance capex. 
These are the machines and equipment, which really need to be upgraded over 
a period of time. So, this is one area where the capex has been spent, I think, 
which is a natural course for any organization. But if you talk about the new 
capex, yes, we have invested significantly on projects like JLR. We made some 
significant investments for some more cus tomers from Europe, which have 
already started their sales. 
New projects is a place, where we have invested a lot. We have been investing 
on automation. We are actually going to increase it by a furthermore extent. 
While I do not have an immediate break -up of all the numbers what we have 
said, but I can only tell you that we have been very vigilant in spending. And we 
also look at the returns what we need to deliver as any capex, which has been 
invested in the organization. 
So, you can be rest assured that all the capital investments what we are doing 
right now is going to have a good rate of return. Yes, for whatever reasons, we 
have not seen those reflecting in our bottom line, but I think FY 2026-27, you 
would see that as well. This is what I can share with you at this point of time. 
Preet Pitani: Got it. That was helpful, sir. Another question would be laying on the entire year 
FY26. Just wanted to understand that out of ₹1,700 crore of revenue, which we 
are doing, what would be the one -off revenue, you mentioned in the quarter 
three call that base has some one -off revenues, one -time revenues. So, just 
wanted to understand in this entire year, was there any one-off order? And also 
on the expense side, apart from the exceptional loss of ₹75 crore, was there 
any one-off cost, which we have incurred, which will not be coming in next year? 
Vimal Gupta: Can you please explain again your question the first is about the revenue? 
Sumit Bhatnagar: The one -off revenue. I think his question is, was there any one -off revenue, 
which only happened once? 
Vimal Gupta: Yes. Not in this year. FY2025- 26, it was not there. 

[page 17]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 16 of 22  
Sumit Bhatnagar: So, I am not sure that is an event, which has happened. If you can please be 
specific about your question? 
Preet Pitani: And on the expense side also, was there any one -off expense, which was, I 
mean, entire FY26, which will not be recurring in the coming years? 
Vimal Gupta: So, for the full year, I have explained ₹15 crore in the quarter four. So, when we 
worked out for the full year, so it was approximately ₹25 crore, ₹26 crore 
because like Wage Code Act or some other write -off, some one-time increase 
in the costs. So, those things have happened. So, we have observed 
approximately one -time expenses during the full year is around ₹25- 
₹26 crore. 
Preet Pitani: ₹25 crore. Okay. Thank you, sir. And on the next line, we have mentioned some 
few con calls, a few quarters back that we have received a Daimler order and 
this will be starting in FY26 of quarter three, quarter four. So , has this order 
started? And how big is this order? 
Rajiv Gupta: This order is executed now. I mean, there are ideally 18 parts out of that, 60% 
PPAP is through and parts have streamlined. Another eight parts will go in next 
two quarters. So, on a peak sale, this would be somewhere around ₹80 crore to 
₹90 crore yearly sales. So, I am hoping maybe second half of the next year, this 
will come into peak. But, yes, what we also see the numbers are pretty well. I 
mean projects, which we have kicked off, what we were anticipating in the 
numbers, I think the hit rate is more than 110%. 
Preet Pitani: Got it, got it. Apart from this, just wanted to understand, last full year, our 
revenue growth was only 4%. Our 80% of business is coming from domestic, 
which has grown at 10%, 12%. So, are we losing any market share on the 
domestic front, or if you could explain it? 
Sumit Bhatnagar: So, we have not lost any market share. I think in fact, if you look at our two -
wheeler segment, we have done better than last year. And, in fact, our market 
share has gone up. Even in passenger vehicles, the models, where we supply, 
in those models, we are exactly at the same market share as we used to  be 
earlier. But, yes, since we are not there in all the models, the corresponding 
growth is apparently not visible in our growth, because in the PV side, we supply 
to some bigger OEMs in some specific models, where our shares are 
substantially high. 
So, this could have been the reason why the entire growth is also not reflecting 
in our domestic growth. But this is something, which we are now planning to 
correct by adding new part numbers and new products to other OEMs as well. 

[page 18]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 17 of 22  
Preet Pitani: Got it, sir. So, on this follow-up thing, if you could just mention for full year FY26, 
what was our domestic growth? What was our export degrowth? And if you 
could also mention about two-wheeler PV, anything quantitative would suffice? 
Rajiv Gupta: If I s ee segment-wise bifurcation for this year, two -wheeler, yes, there was a 
little up because the market pull up. So, it was near about 42%, followed by 
passenger at 34%, roughly 17% to 18% was commercial. And also, we noticed 
a little traction in the non -auto to 5% to 6%. And if I read this in terms of the 
market, yes, if I consider even the deemed export indirectly wha t we share to 
the global region, it is somewhere around 20%. 
Preet Pitani: Got it, sir. And the last question on the side of order book. We have mentioned 
that we have around ₹7,600 crore of order book executable over the next five 
years. So, just wanted to clear if my understanding is correct. Our current base 
of FY26 revenue is around ₹1,800 crore. So that means with no new orders 
receiving, we can clock around ₹25,000 crore of revenue by FY31, ₹1,800 crore 
currently, and ₹7,000 base? Is my understanding correct? 
Rajiv Gupta: I will just, I mean, put or share some more remarks on that subject. So, 
basically, yes, we were following on the new businesses, whatever we have 
acquired over the last two, three years. The only thing what we have done is we 
have just revalidated with th e numbers, because a lot of dynamics of the 
market, especially the newer parts were changing. So what we have noted now, 
if I consider period from FY2025-26 to FY2030-31, that is six years. So, I see a 
visibility of these new orders with a cumulative sales revenue of around ₹7,600 
crore. So, this is for six-year period, not five. 
Vimal Gupta: And mainly things that because earlier when we were talking about so many 
orders, like, because we have seen the market has not grown in the manner we 
were thinking for the EV. So, that already we have scaled down , some new 
entrants were there. So, they have even closed out their projects. So, everything 
we have updated on that basis, we have worked out these numbers. And 
another is that now we are in process of negotiation for many new orders in the, 
like, Sumit has explained in the European market and the U.S. market. So, 
hopefully, this will be a very good new order book further in FY2026-27 or maybe 
in FY2027-28, we will see. 
Preet Pitani: Got it. Sir, just wanted to understand, ₹1,700 crore, ₹1,800 crore of revenue we 
are doing currently, we have ₹7,500 crore of order book in six years period, I 
know that order book cannot be evenly spread, but that implies ₹1,300 crore, 
₹1,400 crore of revenue in one year. So, just wanted to understand that 
cumulative revenue will go from ₹1,700 crore to ₹3,000 crore or from ₹1,700 
crore it will go to ₹9,000 crore, INR9,500 crore? 

[page 19]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 18 of 22  
Vimal Gupta: No, no. On year-on-year basis, maybe ₹3,500 crore. 
Preet Pitani: ₹3,000 crore. So, we are expecting with more new order flows, we are expecting 
top line to double in next five years? 
Vimal Gupta: Based on the current new order book. 
Preet Pitani: Based on the current order book. 
Vimal Gupta: Because what I have explained, we are in process of finalizing lot of new orders 
in this year as well as in the next year. So that will be added up. 
Preet Pitani: Got it. And you mentioned to some previous participants that we are planning 
of ₹140 crore of capex in this year, around ₹140 crore. So what this capex is for 
current year? How much would be maintenance capex, how much would be 
the capex for new plant? You mentioned something about new plant, if you 
could just give some idea about the same? 
Sumit Bhatnagar: So just to give you a rough estimate, around ₹50 crore of capex is going to be a 
maintenance capex and rest of the capex is going to be for the new projects and 
expansion. 
Preet Pitani: And by this ₹90 crore of new capex, how much revenue we could target at its 
peak level? 
Sumit Bhatnagar: See, this is too early to comment on this. Right now, our objective is to create 
enough capacities to answer to a lot of requests, which are coming from Indian 
and global players. But because the capex what we are considering is not the 
complete capex, which is supposed to be allocated to this plant. It is going to 
be much more as the time goes. 
So, to very specifically tell ₹90 crore and calculation to the revenue, it is slightly 
tough for us, but it is a strategic move to create bigger and bigger capacities to 
answer all the RFQs and the inquiries, which are coming from all over the 
places. 
Preet Pitani: Got it. So, generally, what kind of asset turnover we get from this type of 
project? 
Vimal Gupta: See generally from the new business, our target is always between 2.5 times to 
3 times at least. 
Preet Pitani: And on the basis of old gross block, how much we can do maximum? 
Sumit Bhatnagar: Maybe the existing assets. I think your question is how much, maximum we can 
do on our existing capacities or assets? 

[page 20]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 19 of 22  
Preet Pitani: Yes. 
Vimal Gupta: So, from the existing capacities, what we are talking about; the asset turnover, 
you are talking about, then it is below then two that you have already seen at 
present. So, the real issue is that whatever the new orders are coming, those 
are the very complex parts. And we need new investments for that new, kind of, 
technology, a lot of machining we have to do, and a lot of automation. So that 
is the main reason, maybe you cannot see a big jump in the asset turnover ratio, 
but you have to focus more on the margin side. 
Preet Pitani: Got it, sir.  And just on the margin upfront, currently you mentioned, we have 
done peak margin of 12%, 12.5%, 13%, kind of, EBITDA margin in FY24. And I 
think we are projecting for 10% topline and 20% EBITDA margin growth that 
brings around 12%, and although we had ₹25 crore of one -off items in the 
previous year. So, what is stopping us from making the margins of 13%, 13.5%? 
Sumit Bhatnagar: I think, I have already explained you. See, thing is nothing is stopping us. We 
really want to do more and more. But currently say, I cannot give you that 
number in current situation, where we are still surrounded by a major volatility. 
I have already said  what I have said is something, which we at least want to 
deliver, which is a good step-up on the last year. But I can only assure you that 
quarter-on-quarter, I would like to come back to you showing how much 
progress we are making on that. 
So, the internal challenges to our team is going to be far more aggressive. But 
yes, sitting today, while we still do not have answer to lot of macroeconomic 
situations, it is very tough for me to commit a number to you, which I cannot 
foresee very clearly to day. But maybe as the year goes, maybe I will be more 
confident to give a very precise answer to your queries. 
Moderator: Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Bhavya Doshi from Sushil 
Finance. Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Doshi: Good evening and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is that most 
peers have talked about the revival of the U.S. commercial vehicle sector. Are 
you seeing a similar positive trend for your commercial vehicle sales in FY27? 
Rajiv Gupta: Yes. We are noticing, I mean, the newer engines, which we have recently 
launched, there is a good demand for those numbers. And not just the Daimler, 
which I mentioned, but yes, there are further accounts also, like, we supply 
charge cooler tanks to the other locations. We also have noticed the quantum 
of RFQs from such accounts have increased. So, we are expecting  very soon 
some LOIs from these regions further, so that we can add little of the sales in 
the coming quarters going forward. But we see a good visibility going forward 
from that outlook. 

[page 21]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 20 of 22  
Vimal Gupta: Bhavya. Just I would like to further explain about this. We have to correlate what 
Rajiv and Sumit is saying, because this is very crucial that Sumit has explained 
about the new plant, because what we have seen then when any new customer 
comes for the new business always face a challenge of the capacities. 
 So, unless until, we have the new plants, new capacities, so we cannot 
increase our topline. So that is the first step we have taken in this year. And what 
we are seeing in the last six months or maybe especially in the last three 
months, huge, huge customers are coming up with new businesses, new parts, 
high volumes. And at this moment, a lot o f demand is there. But just to meet 
those demands, we need capacities. So that first thing we are fixing in this year. 
Bhavya Doshi: Okay. Thank you. And my next question is there has been a significant growth 
in the quarter four top -line year-on-year, as well as quarter -on-quarter. Is this 
driven by volume growth or value growth? 
Rajiv Gupta: This is a mix. Yes, if you talk about the domestic market, yes, we noted a good 
jump from the two -wheeler segment, yes. If you talk about our traditional 
partners like Royal Enfield, the numbers were high, even Hero numbers were 
high. So, we were able to grab a little. 
And we definitely focus on higher share of business with such accounts. And 
even we noted good momentum, yes, if you talk about passenger or 
commercial. I mean, we have noticed, be it Mahindra or Tata, both are 
aggressively focusing to become a number two in this market. And touchwood, 
we have recently added a few parts from both the accounts. So, this is adding 
us on the top line. 
And on the third front on commercial, yes, a lot of investment projects from the 
government, we have noticed, yes, and that also is driving. And if I talk about 
non-auto also, I see good numbers even segments like energy. So that has 
supported us a little on that front also and accumulating towards the topline. 
Bhavya Doshi: Okay. Thank you. And so, can you tell us what are the orders added in FY26? 
Rajiv Gupta: Yes. So, last year, we have added around 14 parts with seven customers. So, 
this includes both domestic and global accounts. And this even includes parts 
from the niche market, like, from Lamborghini or Audi for the European 
location.  
So good momentum we have drawn over there.  So, these parts will fetch near 
about the sale of around ₹140 crore at the peak, yearly sales of ₹140 crore at 
the peak. And if I talk about over a period of, say, three years to four years, this 
will fetch us near about ₹500 crore to ₹600 crore. 

[page 22]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 21 of 22  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishita from Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nishita: Yes, hello. So, I had a question on your order book. Sir, you mentioned that we 
have the order book of ₹7,600 crore. So, does that also include the order from 
JLR? 
Rajiv Gupta: Yes, it includes the orders from JLR also. 
Nishita: So, what is the amount for that, if you can like give us that amount? 
Sumit Bhatnagar: I think, I should pitch in, I think we cannot reveal customer -specific number. I 
think that is a legal bonding between us and JLR. So, my apologies for that 
because that could not go in line with the contract. So, sorry, I cannot share 
that with you. 
Nishita: Okay, okay. No problem. And another question I had, sir, you mentioned that 
we will have 1%, 1.5% of increase in the EBITDA margins. So, is that on the 
current margin of around 11.4% that we did in FY26? 
Vimal Gupta: So, first of all, you have to understand what are the real margins in the quarter 
four, or maybe for the full year, like you explained, because there is impact of 
aluminium, as well as some one-time cost. So, we are already at that level. And 
at least maybe when we are talking about the 11% margins, maybe taking the 
impact of the extraordinary cost, or even the impact of the aluminum. So 1.5%, 
maybe 12.5% to 13% we can say for the year. 
Moderator: Thank you. Sir, we have one more question. Can we take that? 
Sumit Bhatnagar: Okay. I think we can take the last one. 
Moderator: Sure. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today from Preet 
Pitani from InCred AMC. Please go ahead. 
Preet Pitani: Thank you so much for the opportunity once again. Sir, just wanted to ask one 
question on front of debt side. We are planning of around ₹140 crore of capex, 
and we have very small amount of cash on the balance sheet. So just wanted 
to know we will be taking debt for this? Or how are we planning to do this capex? 
Vimal Gupta: At this moment, it has to be funded through the internal accruals. 
Preet Pitani: Sorry, pardon me, I did not hear you. 
Vimal Gupta: At this moment, we have planned in our cash flow planning that it will be funded 
through the internal accruals. 

[page 23]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 22 of 22  
Preet Pitani: So, sir, on that internal accruals part, our creditor days for FY26 have rose from 
99, 100 days to 135 days. So, how is our creditor days generally for a year? It 
stays at 135 days, or is it between 90 days to 100 days? 
Vimal Gupta: It depends on  customer to customer, because some customers we have 
negotiated, we have given them a very good platform for the vendor financing. 
And on that basis, a good negotiation for the days has happened, the credit 
period. And they are also enjoying the cost what they are paying. 
Preet Pitani: So, on an average basis, how would it last? 
Vimal Gupta: It depends on commodity to commodity, but 90-plus almost all customers, all 
vendors are there. 
Moderator: Thank you. As that was the last question for today, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sumit Bhatnagar: Okay. Thank you, everyone. And before we conclude, I would like to sincerely 
thank all the investors, and Alicon’s stakeholders for your continued trust, 
engagement and support. As discussed during the call, while the external 
environment remains dynamic, we believe that Alicon is well-positioned for the 
future. Healthy momentum in the domestic business, encouraging customer 
engagement across markets and our continued investments in technologies, 
capabilities and operational excellence prov ide us confidence in the 
company's long-term growth prospects. 
We remain focused on disciplined execution, strengthening customer 
relationships and building a more agile and future -ready organization, while 
maintaining a prudent approach towards growth and capital allocation. 
Thank you, once again for joining us today. We look forward to interacting with 
all of you in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Alicon Castalloy 
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The company 
does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
