[page 1]
        Casting the Future 
 
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited, Gat No. 1426, Shikrapur,                T: +91 21 3767 7100 www.alicongroup.co.in  
Tal. Shirur, Dist: Pune – 412 208, Maharashtra – India          F: +91 21 3767 7130 
CIN: L99999PN1990PLC059487 
 
19th February, 2026  
To To 
The Manager The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services The Listing Department 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001 Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 531147 Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts Conference Call 
 
We are enclosing herewith  the transcript of the conference call with analysts, which took place 
on 16th February, 2026, after announcement of the unaudited Financial Results for quarter  and 
nine months period ended 31st December, 2025.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For ALICON CASTALLOY LIMITED  
 
 
VIMAL GUPTA  
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
Encl: As mentioned above 

[page 2]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 1 of 18  
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 16, 2026 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Alicon Castalloy Limited ’s 
Q3 and 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani: Thank you, Renju. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Alicon Castalloy Limited's Q3 and 9 Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Vimal Gupta, Group CFO; and Mr. Manish 
Kapoor, Group COO. Mr. Vimal Gupta will present an overview of the operating 
and financial performance for the quarter. Mr. Manish Kapoor will then take us 
through developments in global markets, insights on domestic business trends 
and updates on key strategic initiatives. 
 Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward -looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings documents that have been shared with all of 
you earlier. I would now like to hand the floor over to Mr. Vimal Gupta, our Group 
CFO. Over to you, sir. 
Vimal Gupta: Thank you, Mayank. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Alicon Castalloy 
Quarter 3 and 9 Months of Financial Year '26 Earnings Conference Call. Thank 
you for joining us today.  

[page 3]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 2 of 18  
The domestic automotive market witnessed encouraging developments during 
the quarter. The GST rate rationalization announced in September provided a 
meaningful uplift to customer sentiment, resulting in improved activity across 
the automotive ecosystem in quarter 3. As you would have noted from publicly 
available in this industry data, domestic vehicle sales recorded a strong 
double-digit growth during the quarter.  The momentum has started into 
increased customer inquiries from production schedules and impr oved order 
visibility across segments.  
Encouragingly, several domestic OEMs customers have indicated that demand 
remains robust with the key constraint to further ramp -up now stemming from 
supply side challenges, most notably constrained semiconductor availability 
and ongoing difficulties related to imports of rare earth magnets rather than end 
market demand. 
 On the global front, volatility and uncertainty arising from tariff -related actions 
weighed on sentiments and volumes from international customers. In addition, 
the December quarter is typically seasonally softer for global markets as 
production schedules  tend to tap up towards the calendar year -end; as a 
result, the quarter remained muted for our global operations. 
 That said, financial year '26 has also seen some positive and constructive 
developments. On the external front, the signing of the India -EU trade 
agreement in January followed by the announcement of framework for an India-
U.S. trade agreement in early February brings light at the end of the tunnel, and 
we can anticipate increased momentum now that the overhang is lifted. 
 In Europe, we see a more constructive medium -term outlook emerging. The 
evolving Free Trade Agreement framework together with Alicon Castalloy 
established footprint and long-standing customer relationship in the EU region 
positions us well to benefit from any incremental sourcing realignment over 
time. In parallel, global OEMs are increasingly evaluating India as a competitive 
and reliable manufacturing and export hub. This structural shift is supportive 
for Indian component suppliers with strong engineeri ng capabilities, quality 
execution and scale, attributes that are central to Alicon's operational model. 

[page 4]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 3 of 18  
 With respect to the United States, we continue to closely track ongoing 
developments depending on the pace of progress from discussions to a more 
formalized framework. We believe there could be constructive movement over 
the coming quarters. While the imp act in quarter 4 is expected to remain 
limited, we anticipate a more meaningful normalization as we move into 
financial year '27. 
 China is also showing early sign of improvement. Recent indications of 
increased engagement between India and China have led to cautious optimism 
and restrictions on the supply of rare earth materials and semiconductors to 
India may ease over time. Even a s we monitor these developments, we are 
proactively working with our customers to accelerate localization initiatives 
and increase value -added manufacturing. These efforts are closely aligned 
with our long-term strategy of enhancing self-reliance, improving supply chain 
resilience and expanding our value-added content. 
 Turning to our financial performance. We are pleased to report a stable 
performance for quarter 3 FY '26 despite significant industry headwinds and the 
fact that the December quarter is typically seasonally softer for global 
operations. The resilience dem onstrated during the quarter reflects steady 
operational execution across our manufacturing footprint, supported by our 
diversified exposure across end user segments and propulsion technologies. 
This diversification has enabled Alicon Castalloy to consiste ntly deliver scale 
with revenue exceeding Rs. 400 crore in 9 of the last 10 quarters.  
For quarter 3 FY '26, Alicon Castalloy reported a revenue of Rs. 430 crore, 
representing year-on-year growth of 10% compared to Rs. 393 crore in quarter 
3 FY '25. It is important to note that base quarter includes certain onetime 
projects that were not part of the current year's operating plan. 
 During the quarter, a U.K. -based OEM customer experienced a cybersecurity 
incident that disrupted production for nearly 5 weeks, during which we were 
requested to temporarily pause supplies. In addition, our U.S. commercial 
vehicle customer continued to face demand headwinds with some customers 

[page 5]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 4 of 18  
indicating volume decline of approximately 25% to 26% in specific product 
categories. 
 Our European operations were also impacted by a few customer -specific 
issues, including supply disruption linked to a Tier 1 supplier serving the same 
U.K. customer affected by the cyber incident as well as challenges at certain 
OEM customers in the regio n. These factors weighed on volumes during the 
quarter. Adjusting for these specific and largely nonrecurring challenges, the 
underlying top line performance would have been stronger and comfortably in 
the double-digit growth range, reflecting the resilien ce and core business and 
improving momentum in other markets. 
 On a sequential basis, revenue in quarter 3 FY '26 were marginally higher than 
Rs. 429 crore reported in quarter 2 of FY '26, making the fourth consecutive 
quarter of sequential growth. This reflects a steady recovery following the 
disruption experienced in our global business during the October -December 
period last year. 
 On the margin front, gross margin improved by 138 basis points year-on-year to 
47.2%, driven by favourable product mix and operating leverage. On a quarter-
on-quarter basis, gross margin moderated by 170 basis points from 48.9% in 
quarter 2 FY '26, reflecting changes in product mix and volatility in certain input 
costs during the quarter. Our newer plant and r ecent automation investments 
are currently in the scaling phase. And as volumes ramp up further, we expect 
improved fixed cost absorption to support margins over the medium term. 
 In Q3 FY '26, EBITDA increased by 34% year-on-year to Rs. 47.2 crore driven by 
operating leverage and improved product mix and a lower base in the 
corresponding quarter last year, which had been impacted by certain one -off 
items. On a sequential basis, EBITDA stood at Rs. 47 crore in quarter 3 FY '26 
compared to Rs. 55 crore in quarter 2 FY '26.  
The sequential moderation in EBITDA was largely attributable to higher 
employee cost due to the selective hiring undertaken to support future growth 
initiatives. In addition, the quarter includes certain translation -related costs 
associated with the ongoing management succession at Alicon Castalloy, 

[page 6]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 5 of 18  
along with write -offs relating to nonmaterial assets. Consequently, EBITDA 
margin in quarter 3 FY '26 stood at 10.9% compared to 12.9% in quarter 2  
FY '26.  
On a year -on-year basis, PBT before exceptional items was Rs. 11 crore, a 
tenfold increase from Rs. 1.1 crore in quarter 3 of last year, which was an 
unusually low base due to one-offs. 
 Our continued investments in new machineries, tooling and automation in line 
with our technology and capacity expansion road map have led to increase in 
depreciation by 17% year -on-year and 3% quarter -on-quarter. Finance costs 
declined sequentially, benefiting from improved working capital discipline and 
balance sheet management. As a result, profit before tax pre -exceptional 
declined by 44% to Rs. 11 crore in quarter 3 FY '26 compared to Rs. 19 crore in 
quarter 2 FY '26. 
 During the quarter, we recognized an exceptional item of Rs. 5 crore relating to 
implementation of the new labour code. After accounting of this impact, profit 
after tax for quarter 3 FY '26 stood at Rs. 3.3 crore, representing a year-on-year 
increase of 322% compared to Rs. 0.8 crore in quarter 3 of FY '25.  
On a sequential basis, profit after tax declined by 76% from Rs. 14 crore in 
quarter 2 FY '26 to Rs. 3.3 crore in quarter 3 of FY '26. This movement primarily 
reflects the combined impact of the exceptional charge recognized during the 
quarter, higher employee-related costs and normalization of margin related to 
the previous quarter. 
 For the 9 months ended FY '26, total income stood at Rs. 1,278 crore with 
EBITDA of Rs. 153 crore, translating into an EBITDA margin of 11.9%. Profit after 
tax for the period stood at Rs. 11 crore, reflecting the resilience of the business 
amid heightened external volatility.  
Capital expenditure during quarter 3 FY '26 amounted to Rs. 28 crore, taking 
cumulative capex for the 9 months period to Rs. 92 crore. We remain on track 
to achieve full year capex in the range of Rs. 125 crore to Rs. 130 crore with 
investment focused on automation, capacity enhancement and readiness for 

[page 7]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 6 of 18  
upcoming programs. In parallel, we continue to invest in R&D, digital process 
controls and productivity initiatives to strengthen long -term competitiveness 
and enhance margin resilience. 
 Coming to order wins and business outlook. Our strategic focus continues to 
be on the adding higher -value products, particularly across the passenger 
vehicles (PV) the commercial vehicles (CV) segments.  
During the period, Alicon Castalloy secured orders for new parts from 4 
different customers. Of these, 3 parts pertain to the Internal Combustion 
Engine (ICE) business, while 1 part has been secured under the Carbon-Neutral 
vertical. One of the order wins relates to our global business with the remaining 
3 catering to the domestic customers.  
From an end market perspective, 3 of the 4 parts are for the CV segment, while 
1 part caters to the PV segment. These wins are aligned with our focus on more 
complex high value -added components and reinforce our strategic emphasis 
on deepening our presence  in PV and CV segments, while maintaining 
balanced mix across domestic and global customers. 
 During the quarter, Alicon Castalloy secured new business from 2 of India's 
most prominent homegrown OEMs for critical components on their 
commercial vehicle platform. Development activities of these programs are 
already underway with series production scheduled to commence in FY '27. We 
believe that consistent and reliable execution on these CV programs will further 
strengthen our strategic relationship with these customers and could create 
opportunities to expand supplies into their passenger vehicle por tfolio as well 
where those OEMs are enjoying strong market positions. 
 Further during the quarter, we secured an additional order for a commercial 
vehicle application with supplies to be made to a prominent Tier 1 supplier that 
is part of one of India's largest and most diversified industrial groups. This win 
further reinforces our growing relevance within the domestic CV ecosystem.  
On the global front, Alicon Castalloy won a higher value parts from a premium 
German automobile OEM. The program entails the supply of an eAxle housing 

[page 8]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 7 of 18  
for one of the OEM's latest platforms with the deliveries planned to its European 
manufacturing facility.  This is technologically advanced and value -accretive 
program and association with a premium global customer is expected to have 
positive spillover benefits in terms of creditability, capability recognition and 
further business opportunities.  
In addition of these new wins, our existing passenger vehicle programs 
continues to progress well. We currently supply cylinder heads to 2 of the 
largest Japanese OEMs in India. One of these customers has recently ramped 
up production of a cylinder head of  its 1.5-liter engine platform.  With market 
preferences having clearly shifted towards SUVs and this engine finding 
application in larger passenger vehicles, we have seen a strong increase in 
volume for this program.  
Another leading Japanese OEM in India with successful hybrid vehicle portfolio 
continues to perform well. We enjoy 100% share of business for the cylinder 
heads used in its hybrid vehicles, which has translated into robust growth. 
 In addition, the OEM has been witnessing healthy growth in exports, providing 
further headroom for volume expansion over time. As a result of these 
developments, the PV business recorded healthy growth of 12% year -on-year 
and CV business has delivered a g rowth of 13% year -on-year in quarter 3, 
contributing meaningfully to overall growth. 
 Before I close, I would like to share a brief update on our ESG journey. Alicon 
Castalloy has been awarded a committed certification by EcoVadis. This rating 
places Alicon among the top 35% of companies globally assessed by EcoVadis 
and reflects our solid commitment to corporate social responsibilities across 
key pillars, including environmental stewardship, labour and human rights, 
ethics and sustainable procurement. This recognition underscores the 
progress we have made in embedding sustainability into our operations while 
also providing a clear road map for further strengthening our ESG practices over 
time. 
 Overall, while exports market for auto ancillary products remains temporarily 
subdued, domestic automotive industry is exhibiting clear sign of strength. 

[page 9]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 8 of 18  
OEM exports from India continues to gain substantial traction and Europe 
offers incremental opportunities under the evolving trade framework, 
supported by the healthy order book of approximately Rs. 9,100 crore, strong 
customer relationships and disciplined execution. Alicon Castalloy remains 
confident in sustaining its growth trajectory and delivering long -term value 
creation.  
With that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Manish Kapoor for the operational 
highlights. 
Manish Kapoor: Good morning, everyone. Let me begin with a brief overview of the industry 
environment during the quarter.  
In Q3 FY '26, the global automotive industry witnessed moderate de -growth of 
around 1% on a year -on-year basis. Within this, the market in North America 
was lower by 2% year-on-year and U.K. was lower by 19% year-on-year. It would 
be important to note that our 2 largest markets for exports are North America 
and U.K., and both have witnessed a degrowth in quarter 3. Thus, some of the 
key segments that Alicon addresses in the global markets have actually 
degrown this quarter. 
 In contrast to this, the Indian auto industry delivered a stronger performance. 
As per ACMA domestic production volumes, excluding tractors, grew by 
approximately 16.4% on a year -on-year basis, supported by improved 
affordability and policy -led measures th at stimulated demand across 
segments.  
The domestic 2 -wheeler segment registering growth of approximately 15% 
year-on-year. The implementation of GST 2.0 improved affordability and 
boosted household disposable income, while a strong festive season and 
multiple repo rate cuts supported financing conditions. Although both rural and 
urban markets participated in the recovery, the momentum has been led 
largely by urban demand, reflected in stronger scooter growth relative to 
motorcycles.  

[page 10]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 9 of 18  
The Commercial Vehicle segment grew by about 17.5% year -on-year, 
supported by improving freight activity, GST reforms and broader macro 
measures that have strengthened overall consumption levels, resulting in 
higher intracity logistics requirements and fle et replacement demand. The 
earmarking of funds in the union budget for the PM's E -DRIVE and eBus 
deployment programs bodes well for this segment. 
 In the Passenger Vehicle segment, volumes increased by approximately 19% 
year-on-year basis. Improved affordability following GST rationalization, direct 
tax relief measures, successive repo rate cuts by the RBI and renewed 
consumer confidence collectivel y supported demand during the quarter. 
Further, in the latest budget, the government significantly increased the 
allocation to the PLI scheme for auto sector, signalling continued emphasis on 
scaling domestic automotive production. 
 Overall, Q3 FY '26 represented a materially improving landscape for the 
domestic auto industry with broad -based strength across segments. Against 
this backdrop, Alicon reported revenue growth of 10% on a year-on-year basis. 
However, our performance reflects certain company-specific factors. The base 
quarter included some onetime projects, which were not part of the current 
year's operating plan.  
 We had a higher proportion of supplies to commercial vehicle -focused OEMs 
in Europe and United States, segments that are facing relatively greater stress 
in the current environment. At the same time, volumes to our domestic 2 -
wheeler customers increased s harply during the quarter, in line with broader 
market trends. 
 As a result, while our stand-alone domestic business delivering strong double-
digit growth, this was partly offset by lower volumes in certain higher value -
added parts and seasonally softer trends in our European operation. 
Consequently, our overall growt h trajectory does not fully mirror the strength 
seen in the domestic automotive market. The shift in the business mix has also 
had an impact on profitability. The shift in product mix during the quarter with a 

[page 11]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 10 of 18  
reduced contribution from the higher -value CV components is reflected in the 
gross margin and the EBITDA margin, too. 
 Revenues for Q3 stood at Rs. 430 crore, reflecting sequential growth of 0.4% 
over Q2 and marking the fourth consecutive quarter of revenue improvement 
alongside enhanced profitability. Alicon has delivered revenues above the  
Rs. 400 crore run rate in 9 of the last 10 quarters, demonstrating improved 
stability and execution despite external volatility.  
Our domestic business benefited meaningfully from volume ramp -up with key 
customers in the passenger vehicle and 2-wheeler segments. The contribution 
from the 2-wheeler segment increased further during Q3 FY '26, supported by 
new programs, additions and higher share of business with existing OEMs. As a 
result, the 2 -wheeler business grew by 13% on a year -on-year basis, 
strengthening our position in this segment.  
From an operational standpoint, the quarter was marked by continued efforts 
to stabilize and enhance throughput across our plants.  Given uneven demand 
patterns in certain export geographies, we work closely with our domestic 
customers to maintain healthy production levels while simultaneously 
improving overall equipment efficiency through tighter process discipline and 
better manpower planning. 
 Our digital process controls are now active across the majority of the lines, and 
we are already seeing tangible gains in cycle time efficiency, scrap rate 
reduction and machine uptime. These improvements are beginning to translate 
into stronger operational leverage, which should support margins in the coming 
quarters. We are progressing well on our automation road map with new 
robotic cells commissioned at our Pune facilities.  These initiatives are 
enhancing process consistency, reducing manual interventi on and improving 
worker safety, aligned with our long -term vision of building a truly Smart 
Foundry organization.  
In parallel, we are increasing the use of data analytics and IoT -based 
monitoring to predict machine health and optimize energy consumption.  To 
further elevate our casting capabilities, we have onboarded a team of German 

[page 12]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 11 of 18  
experts with deep technical experience. Their focus is on refining casting 
practices, improving the yields, enhancing throughput, optimizing capacity 
utilization and driving cost efficiencies. The objective is to benchmark our 
operations to global standard s and further strengthen our competitive 
positioning. 
 Our sustainability initiatives also continue to deliver measurable results. With 
the successful induction of solar power generation across our facilities in India 
and Europe, nearly 50% to 55% of our total electricity requirements are now 
being met throug h solar energy, reinforcing both cost efficiency and 
environmental responsibility.  Mr. Vimal Gupta already spoke about the 
commitment certification from EcoVadis.  
Overall, our focus remains on disciplined execution, continuous efficiency 
improvement and calibrated diversification. The combination of new program 
wins, technology -led productivity gains and expanding participation across 
sectors positions us well to dr ive sustainable revenue growth and margin 
enhancement going forward. 
 With that, we have covered the key business and operational highlights for Q3 
and 9 months FY '26. We will now open the floor for questions. My colleagues 
and I will be happy to address any queries you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh with Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead.  
Jyoti Singh: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I have a few questions. So largely, I wanted 
to understand that domestic revenue, which is still 81% of mix, so how much 
incremental growth can be driven without increasing global exposure that we 
are having around 19%? And another on the plant that are operational around 
75% utilization, so what revenue potential exists at 85% to 90% utilization 
without any major capex? 
Vimal Gupta: Jyoti, capex utilization, you cannot directly correlate with the revenues with the 
capacity utilization here because some machinery, some capacities are the 

[page 13]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 12 of 18  
common use, even we are having the orders, but the existing capacities we 
cannot utilize. So, we have to put additional capacity. 
 As you know that Alicon is now going for the more complex parts, bigger parts, 
so for that, we need the bigger machines, and high-tech machines are required 
and for the maintenance of the quality also we need. So, when we say that, 
utilization from 75% to 85%, 10% increase, so that directly you cannot correlate 
with the 10% increase in the revenues. So we need continuous capacities for 
the new products. 
 But definitely, with the existing, if we go with our old systems, old existing 
facilities, so easily, we can generate Rs. 200 crore from their existing facilities. 
But completely depends on the product. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. Understood, sir. And sir, on the domestic revenue side? 
Vimal Gupta: No, mainly the domestic revenue we are talking about. 
Jyoti Singh: Yes, that is 81% of mix. So how much incremental growth we are talking about 
going forward without global exposure? 
Vimal Gupta: Without global, that we are expecting in this quarter , you are talking about the 
quarter 4. So approximately, we can say 10% to 12% further improvement in the 
quarter 4. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay, sir. Understood. And sir, a lot of our peer and industry players, they are 
doing diversification more on the non -auto side, which is still currently for us 
4%. So, are we planning any more diversification or any strategic priority further 
to reduce cyclicality in the other business? 
Vimal Gupta: So, Jyoti, like we are already in discussion for this our project of DAR. That is 
one. But you know that this defense side or railway side, it needs more time. So, 
this project has started, but it will take time to convert it to the revenue on that 
side. But definitely, we have also started looking for the new product profiles, 
maybe some different additional processes we can think to add. And maybe 
Manish Kapoor would like to add more. 

[page 14]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 13 of 18  
Manish Kapoor: Hi, Jyoti. Basically, this DAR vertical is right now in a very nascent stage. But 
yes, it carries a lot of potential in future. And it requires very tighter process 
control, traceability, higher certification standards compared to traditional 
automotive programs. Var ious RFQs right now floated, they are in the initial 
stage and somewhere to middle stage of discussions. And we have a clear 
dedicated now technical teams and leadership team, and we are strengthening 
our quality framework and upg rading our validation capabilities to meet these 
requirements. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Yash from Sushil Finance. 
Please go ahead.  
Yash: Hi, good afternoon to the management. I have a few questions I would like to 
ask. One is what will be the impact of this recent India-U.S. trade deal for Alicon 
going forward? 
Vimal Gupta: You are talking about the India-U.S. deal? 
Yash: Yes. 
Vimal Gupta: That after having the new tariffs were imposed, so in the couple of quarters, we 
were seeing almost steady. There was no inquiries, everything stopped, maybe 
only the existing business we were doing. So, no new development. But after 
this, at least movement, I have seen that now some inquiries have started. So 
let us see that maybe in the coming quarters, we will see a major movement. 
But definitely, big opportunities are there in U.S. for Alicon. And def initely, we 
will go for that. 
Yash: Correct. And my next question is, sir, our subsidiary has shown a loss in Q3. Is 
there any reason for this? 
Vimal Gupta: The loss in Q3 that if you see in the numbers, one is there is a decline in the 
sales. And on the other side, the sales mix is also there because one big part 
we were supplying to one OEM that is Tier 1 customer and that Tier 1 is 
supplying to the U.K.-based OEM. So, due to the cyber-attack, all these were 

[page 15]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 14 of 18  
stopped and there were no supply. The sale has a major impact and where we 
were having the good margins. 
 Another side, onetime some additional manpower cost, if you review those that 
the increase in the manpower cost, that is the onetime cost we have to take. So 
that was the major reason there. And another side that even decrease in the 
sales, the manufactur ing cost has not gone down due to the fixed cost there. 
So those 2, 3 reasons are there, that is why our European entity is in the loss in 
quarter 3, but we are expecting at least some positive in quarter 4. 
Yash: Understood. My next question is, sir, the unexecuted order book for new parts 
is around Rs. 8,000 crore by FY '29. So that means the exit revenue for FY '29 
will be close to Rs. 3,500 crore. Is that correct? Basically, could you help us 
understand the annual revenue ramp-up profile? 
Vimal Gupta: Yash, I think you have a good calculation that based on this Rs. 9,000 crore 
order book, definitely as per our calculation also the exit will be around  
Rs. 3,500 crore by '29. So that is because there are 2 mix . One is that the 
execution of the new order book as well as the end of the existing products, so 
both are happening. And year-on-year, there is execution of the new order book 
is happening. And maybe till quarter 2, maybe in the last quarter, we have spent 
approximately Rs. 700 crore we have utilized. 
 And this quarter also around Rs. 150 crore utilization has happened. So overall, 
around, we can say, Rs. 850 crore to Rs. 900 crore we have utilized out of this 
order book. And in this quarter also, like I have explained in my speech that we 
have got the new orders from 4 new parts we have added and one is a very big 
global OEM that they have entered into the EV segment and given the first order 
for the eAxle, the big part that we are going to execute from the Europe. 
 So approximately till '29 because now the development will happen, the supply 
will start from '27 and there will be addition till '29 will be around Rs. 300 crore 
to Rs. 350 crore from these new orders. So then approximately Rs. 8,500 crore 
will be the balance after utilization of Rs. 850 crore or Rs. 900 crore that has 
happened till now in quarter 3. And year-on-year, this acceleration, this growth 
will happen for the utilization of this new order book. 

[page 16]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 15 of 18  
Yash: Got it. Understood. My next question is, in the presentation, you mentioned 
certain one-off write-offs as well as management transaction costs. What is the 
impact of this exactly? 
Vimal Gupta: Yash, mainly, I just tell you, one is that because now auditing they do the testing 
of impairment. So approximately Rs. 1.5 crore that cost has happened where 
there is impairment of some assets has happened. Then the manpower cost, 
there is the impact because our targets are big that you are already mentioning 
that our exit rate is Rs. 3,500 crore by '29. 
 So, now more global players are coming in. So, we have started the investment 
in the manpower. So in this year, especially in quarter 2, it was started; in 
quarter 3 now, we have seen the impacts also coming up. So mainly like we 
have hired the CHRO, COO and some technical heads, machining heads, like  
many people, senior level hiring has happened. So that will help us to execution 
of the new order book. 
 There is some parallel management is also there. So approximately if you 
compare with the last quarter, so around Rs. 2 crore additional cost has 
happened in quarter 3. And overall, you can see for full year, we are expecting 
there is an impact of around Rs. 10 crore. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Devang Shah with Allvest 
Investment Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Devang Shah: Yes, hi. Good afternoon, sir. Sir, my first question, this quarter, we have seen 
some kind of impact in the margin, so that is related to a product mix? And what 
kind of margin we anticipate looking forward? I want to have some kind of 
margin band? 
Vimal Gupta: Yes. In this quarter, especially you have seen that first impact has come in the 
gross margins by around 1.67% that we have compared with the quarter 2. So, 
in 1.67%, if you see the metal prices have started going up. So, around Rs. 6 
crore to Rs. 7 crore additional cost has happened. Maybe it is being paid by the 
customer, but it is sitting in the revenues as well as 100% as a cost. 

[page 17]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 16 of 18  
 So, the impact is around 0.6%, 0.7% has come and the sales mix because some 
sales down we have seen from the customers like Stellantis, JLR, Toyota 
Motors, so that has an impact of around 1% in gross margins. So that is the one 
part. 
 On the EBITDA side, when we are talking about, so there is a decline by 2% from 
compared to the last quarter. So, 2%, mainly this is one of the gross margin as 
well as increase in the cost, like I have explained, the asset impairment, higher 
manpower cost. And as you know that JLR the first major project of eAxke for 
the EV that we have executed. 
 And that is the start of a complex part in Alicon, maybe the project from the 
customer side is now delayed and full utilization is not happening, but we have 
to run the plant to maintain the momentum in the production as well as to 
control our rejection side. 
 So, we are not able to recover the cost fully, so some losses are still happening 
in this project. So, after when we will have the full capacity utilization that 
maybe hopefully, we are going to launch this in month of July or August in '26. 
So, then this project will be on complete ramp-up moving forth. 
Devang Shah: Yes, I understood because the challenges we faced and that has affected the 
margin. So, my related question to that, moving forward, the way we are doing 
some kind of tech-enabling robotics and efficiency utilization kind of thing. So 
that is going to have some kind of positive impact in our market. So, what kind 
of trajectory we can anticipate as far as margin guidance are concerned going 
forward? 
Vimal Gupta: So, margin guidance like this quarter 3 was not good. And maybe if you see that 
in the quarter 2, it was around 12.9% the margins we were having. In quarter 4 
we are also expecting between 12.5% to 13% margins, so then overall at least 
around 12% to 12.5% margins we will close for this full year.  
 And definitely because our aim is to at least now like on the turnover side, 
earlier challenges were like that how to close the Rs. 400 crore, now the next 
challenge we have taken how to close the Rs. 500 crore. So same way on the 

[page 18]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 17 of 18  
EBITDA margin side, our first target is to how to close the 13% and to reach the 
level of 14%. So that maybe in the next meeting, we will be able to give more 
clear answer when we will complete our budgeting activity. 
Devang Shah: Okay. Sir, my next question, the way we have an outstanding order book that is 
to be executed by FY '29, around Rs. 8,500 crore. So , sir, moving forward, we 
are making some kind of new products also we are introducing and we have 
also made some kind of new OEM also been now coming out, we have made 
some kind of tie -up. So , what would be the order inflow guidance that you 
expect in FY '27 or '28 kind of thing? Will the order book remain somewhere 
close to Rs. 8,500 crore to Rs. 9,000 crore? What kind of addition is going to be 
there? 
Vimal Gupta: So actually, because now in the last 2, 3 quarters due to this U.S. because like 
I explained to Jyoti also, we had an issue of that there were no inquiries from the 
U.S. side in the last 2, 3 quarters. So that started, and we have a big market 
there. So hopefully, that this order book will start growing maybe from the next 
year, so when we will finalize some businesses. Already those were in 
discussion with the customers we were doing that. But due to the tariff issue, 
every activity was stopped, but again, now those will be started after the signing 
of this agreement. 
Devang Shah: Okay. So, moving forward, because of this deal between EU and U.S., you are 
anticipating that in FY '27, you are going to have a further order inflow, and you 
will make some more clarity in Q4 related to that. Am I right, sir? 
Vimal Gupta: Yes, sure. Right, exactly. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have 
reached the end of question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vimal Gupta: Thank you for your continued interest in Alicon Castalloy . We witnessed an 
improved momentum in the domestic market during quarter 3 and expect this 
momentum to sustain going forward. In global markets, early sign s of 
improvement are beginning to emerge in the operating environment. 

[page 19]
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call Transcript Page 18 of 18  
Importantly, progress on trade agreements with key markets such as EU and 
the United States provides a more constructive medium -term outlook and is 
expected to translate into improved opportunities and volumes for supplies to 
customers in these regions. 
 We will continue to closely monitor global developments and remain agile in 
our responses while staying firmly focused on our long-term strategic priorities 
of diversification, technology leadership and operational excellence. Thank you 
once again for your  time and participation. We look forward to engaging with 
you again in the next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Alicon Castalloy Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The company 
does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
