[page 1]
Uno Minda Limited 
Ref. No. Z-IV/R-39/D-2/NSE/207 & 174 
Date: August 10, 2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: UNOMINDA 
k!llC•)[ MINDA] 
--g.:tlVINGi THE Nev,,r-
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400 001 
BSE Scrip: 532539 
Sub: - Transcript of the Earnings Call held on Tuesday, August 04, 2026 on the Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulation-30 read with Schedule Ill of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of 
the Earnings Call held on Tuesday, August 04, 2026 on the Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
A copy of the said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company at: 
https ://www .unom inda com/investor/analyst -call-transcripts 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Uno Minda Limited 
l-1::>1 vQ, 
b{?R"0a-=> l~ 
Tarun Kumar Srivastava 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A11994 
Place: Manesar, Gurugram 
Encl: As above 
Uno Minda Umitecl (Corporate Office) : Village Nawada Fatehpur, P.O. Sikanderpur Bodda, Manesar, Distt. Gurgaan, Haryana - 122004, India. 
T: +91 124 2290427/28, 2290693/94/96 F: +91 124 2290676/95 Email:infa@unamindo.com,www.unaminda.com 
Ragd. Office: 8-64/1, Wazirpur Industrial Areo, Delhi - 110052 ON Na.: L74899DL 1992Pl.C050333 

[page 2]
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
Uno Minda Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 04, 2026 
 
               
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 4th August 2026 will prevail 
 
Management:  
 
Mr. Sunil Bohra 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Ankur Modi 
Head, Corporate Finance and Communication 
 
 
  


[page 3]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call of 
Uno Minda Limited. This conference call may contain forward -looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company and 
may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will  be in the listen -only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil Bohra, Group CFO. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Sunil Bohra: Thanks, Aleric. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to all the participants. On the 
earnings call today, I am joined by my colleague, Ankur Modi. We have uploaded our financial 
results and investor presentation for Q1 FY27 on the stock exchanges and our company's 
website. We hope everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. 
I will begin with a brief overview of the macroeconomic environment, followed by the current 
trends in the automotive industry and then our financial and operational performance for the 
quarter ended June 2026, post that, we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Talking about the global economy and current landscape, the global economy so far in 2026 has 
been navigating a complex and uneven landscape. Global GDP is projected in the range of 2.5% 
to 3% range, resilient , but below historical averages as the world contents with per sistent 
geopolitical tensions, elevated trade and policy uncertainty and energy price pressures that 
continue to fuel inflationary headwinds. 
Two powerful forces are shaping the global outlook, and they are pulling in opposite directions. 
On one side, the conflict in the Middle East is acting as a negative supply shock disrupting 
energy markets, elevating freight costs and injecting significant uncertainty into global trade 
flows. 
On the other, the world is experiencing an extraordinary positive technology wave driven by the 
accelerating deployment of AI and the broader digital transformation of industries. The net 
impact of these 2 forces varies significantly across countries, depending on the energy 
dependence, geopolitical exposure and position in the global technology value chain. 
Simultaneously, the restructuring of global supply chains driven by economic security concerns 
and geopolitical fragmentation is redrawing international trade patterns, creating both 
meaningful opportunities and challenges for businesses that are prepared to move with agility.  
India in this context stands out.  
Having closed FY26 with robust GDP growth of 7.7%, India enters the current fiscal year with 
strong foundational momentum. The external environment has introduced some moderation and 

[page 4]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
GDP growth for the current year is projected in 6.5% to 6.9% range. Yet even at this pace, India 
remains firmly among world's fastest-growing major economies, supported by resilient domestic 
consumption, a thriving services export sector and sustained government capital expenditure 
that continues to catalyze private investment. 
Looking further ahead, the trajectory becomes even more promising. Anticipated trade 
agreements with the U.S., U.K. and EU are expected to significantly enhance trade flows, attract 
long-term private investment and strengthen India's structural growth prospects in ways that 
extend well beyond any single fiscal year. For Indian manufacturers with capabilities, the scale 
and the technology credentials to compete globally, this is a moment of genuine a nd historic 
opportunity. 
Moving to automotive industry overview for the first quarter of FY27, Indian automotive 
industry entered Q1 with powerful momentum, delivering one of its strongest quarterly 
performances in recent memory. Total automotive production reached a record 96.9 lakh units, 
a growth of 22% year -on-year, reflecting healthy domestic demand, improving exports and 
resilient consumption across both rural and urban markets.While elevated commodity prices and 
global supply chain disruptions created some input cost pressure, these headwinds have begun 
to moderate with OEMs partially offsetting the impact through calibrated pricing actions. 
 Export performance was equally strong. Total vehicle exports rose  nearly to 20 lakhs units 
during the quarter with robust demand from Latin America, Europe and Japan driving growth in 
two-wheelers and utility vehicles, demonstrating a broad -based recovery in global 
competitiveness of Indian automotive manufacturing.  
 During the quarter, 14.5 lakhs passenger vehicles were produced, up 17% year -on-year. The 
electrification, premiumization and SUV -fication of the Indian market continues unabated.  
Electric passenger vehicle registration grew an impressive 54% year -on-year to 84,000 units 
with EV penetration reaching 6.8%, a meaningful inflection supported by a widening product 
portfolio and accelerating consumer acceptance.  
Two-wheelers posted production of 72.5 lakhs units, up 23% with scooters leading at 32% 
growth versus 18% for motorcycles. Exports reached a record high of 15.5 lakhs units, up 37%, 
driven by strong demand from Latin America, South Asia and Africa. In a landmark milestone 
for the segment, Electric two-wheeler registrations crossed 5 lakhs units for the first time in a 
single quarter, a clear signal that mass EV adoption in two-wheelers has moved from aspiration 
to reality. 
 CVs produced 2.9 lakhs units, up 15%, backed by continued replacement demand and strong  
activity in the mining and cement sectors. CV exports grew 43% to approximately 3.3 lakhs 
units, the highest Q1 exports ever recorded for the segment. Looking ahead, following this period 
of strong volume expansion, the market is expected to transition to wards more stable 
technology-led growth driven by continued EV adoption, supply chain localization and the 
premiumization of the vehicle mix. 

[page 5]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 The sector's improving fundamentals, balanced demand environment and accelerating 
technology transition position it well for sustained long-term growth. And for a company like 
Uno Minda with a powertrain agnostic portfolio and growing systems capabilities, this 
environment presents an exceptionally compelling opportunity. 
 Moving on to financial and operational perfo rmance for the quarter. You may refer to Slide 
number 7 and 8. We reported another strong quarter where we have continued to scale new 
heights, once again surpassing our previous peaks to achieve our highest ever quarterly revenue. 
 Our consolidated revenue from operations for Q1 FY27 stood at INR 5,557 crores, representing 
a robust 26% year-on-year growth as against INR4,420 crores, excluding prior period income of 
INR 69 crores in Q1 FY26. This growth was broad -based and high quality, driven by value -
added features and volume expansion across our core product offerings, including switches, 
lighting, alloy wheel, seating and our rapidly scaling EV systems and alternative fuel divisions. 
 On the profitability front, EBITDA excluding exceptional income in the previous year grew by 
21% year-on-year to INR572 crores with EBITDA margins of 10.3%. Three factors weighed on 
the margins this quarter.  
First, commodity and gas price inflation created input cost pressures that could only be partially 
recovered during the quarter through price adjustments. 
 Second, even as the commodity price increases are systematically recovered over time, pass -
throughs occur on an absolute cost basis without any markup, resulting in mathematical margin 
dilution. In our case, the impact was approx 40 basis points due to this margin dilution.  
Third, minimum wage across multiple manufacturing states, increasing the employee costs. 
 Importantly, a large portion of these headwinds were offset by operational efficiencies and 
operating lever age. We remain confident in our annual EBITDA margin guidance of 11% 
plus/minus 50 basis points with a bias towards the higher end.  
Depreciation increased by INR17 crores to INR177 crores, reflecting the capitalization of new 
facilities, including our 2-wheel alloy wheel expansion at Supa, our new plant in Indonesia and 
Phase 1 of our Kharkhoda 4-wheel alloy wheel facility. 
 Finance costs remain tightly controlled, rising only INR2 crores to INR46 crores as majority of 
our expansion program continues to be funded through healthy internal accruals, a reflection of 
strong cash generation. The share of profit from associates and JVs remained stable at INR48 
crores from INR47 crores in the prior year. The profitability of some of these entities was 
impacted by commodity pricing pressure, which is expected to ease with recoveries in 
subsequent quarters. 
 PAT attributable to shareholders grew 24% to INR296 crores compared to normalized PAT of 
INR239 crores in Q1 FY26.  

[page 6]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Coming to business-wide segment performance, starting with switches, you can refer to Slide 
number 11. Our switching system vertical, the largest vertical in the Uno Minda portfolio 
delivered another strong quarter. Revenue reached INR1,335 crores, up 20% year -on-year, 
contributing 24% to consolidated group turnover. 
 Growth was driven across both two-wheeler and four-wheeler switch business. In two-wheeler 
switches, sustained domestic volume growth was complemented by consistent export upward 
growth trajectory, reflecting the global recognition of our quality and technology standards.  
Our 4 -wheeler switch business under Uno Mindarika continued to outperform the industry, 
growing 24% to INR525 crores.The transition of our Manesar facility to expanded Farukhnagar 
plant is progressing well with completion expected in second half of the fiscal year.  
The Lighting System vertical reported revenues of INR1,153 crores, up 14% year -on-year, 
contributing approximately 21% to consolidated revenues. The two-wheeler lighting portfolio 
anchored growth supported by sustained market share gains and rising EV penetration where 
Uno Minda remains a leading supplier to multiple electric two-wheeler OEMs. 
 Looking ahead, we expect meaningful market share gains over the next few years, supported by 
the significant new order of approximately INR450 crores of annual peak value announced last 
quarter, equivalent to nearly 25% of the current two-wheeler lighting revenues. I'm also pleased 
to share 2 new strategic wins this quarter. 
 First, we received a business nomination from  a global OEM for domestic 4 -wheel lighting 
supply in India, a strategic entry into a new customer that opens up the door to incremental 
customer share and cross -selling opportunities. Second, interior ambient lighting is gaining 
commercial traction with p ositive customer decisions that open an entirely new avenue of 
growth for our lighting portfolio. 
 In Indonesia, following commissioning of our new 4 -wheel lighting plant, we have already 
secured a second customer order with SOP expected in Q2 FY28, valida ting our international 
manufacturing strategy. The transition of our existing plant to new facility is expected to be 
completed by end of FY27. The consolidation of multiple 2-wheeler lighting facilities in North 
India to Kharkhoda is expected to start in H2 FY27, bringing automation benefits, cost 
efficiencies and capacity to win both domestic and export programs. 
 Moving to casting business. The casting vertical was our fastest -growing vertical this quarter. 
Revenue reached INR1,090 crores, up 32% year-on-year, which also includes higher base raw 
material prices. The casting material has contributed approximately 20% to consolidated 
revenues, three subsegments drove this performance. 
 Passenger vehicle alloy wheel business revenue grew to INR56 crores, supported by ramp-up of 
recently commissioned Phase 1 at Kharkhoda. We had seen some temporary moderation in alloy 
wheel in the last few quarters. However, we are seeing early signs of penetration inching up 
again. Our new 60,000 line at Kharkhoda expected to  be fully ramped up from Q2 FY27. We 
also expect another 30,000 line at Kharkhoda commission in second half of current fiscal, which 
will support the growth. 

[page 7]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 Two-wheeler alloy wheel grew to INR284 crores. This business will receive significant boost 
with the commissioning of Bawal plant, where 4 of the plant 6 production lines are expected to 
go live in H2 FY27, adding approximately 1 million units of annual capacity. This will also mark 
our entry into HPDC alloy wheel manufacturing. 
 Aluminum die casting delivered exceptional 66% growth to INR248 crores, driven by capacity 
enhancement at both our and Bawal and Hosur facilities. The structural growth drivers for this 
business, lighting, EV platform requirements and domestic content mandates remain firmly 
intact. Near-term headwinds for this vertical seem to be receding and is expected to return for 
another upturn. 
 The structural growth drivers for alloy wheel remains intact, supported by industry volume 
expansion and expected gradual but consistent increase in alloy wheel penetration across vehicle 
segment.  
Moving to seating business. The seating system vertical continued its strong upward trajectory. 
Revenue reached INR408 crores, up 28% year -on-year, contributing approximately 7% to 
consolidated revenues. 
 The quarter's performance reflected strong growth across our customer base and importantly, a 
significant acceleration in international revenues. Exports reached INR72 crores this quarter, 
growing consistently quarter -after-quarter and will continue to b e a major growth driver, 
supported by the landmark export orders of approximately INR390 crores of annual peak value 
from 3 new customers across Europe and North America communicated in last quarter. 
 During the quarter, we also announced entry into the 4-wheel passenger vehicle seating systems 
segment. One of the highest value product categories in the automotive supply chain. To support 
this new product line, the company's Board of Directors had approved the setting up of state-of-
the-art greenfield manuf acturing facility in Chhatrapati, Sambhajinagar with a proposed 
investment of approximately INR320 crores. 
The facility is expected to commence operations by Q2 FY28, and we have already secured 
business from an anchor customer. It is a strategic lead that  substantially increases our per 
vehicle value potential and deepens our footprint in a segment that is central to the premium 
vehicle experience. 
Moving to the next segment. The newly constituted green mobility vertical achieved a robust 
78% year-on-year revenue growth in Q1 FY27, reaching INR542 crores and contributing 10% 
to the company's total consolidated revenues. Within this segment, alternate fuels led the quarter 
with INR184 crores, followed by Uno Minda EV System at INR186 crores, reflecting stron g 
adoption trends across the electric mobility ecosystem.  Uno Minda Automation contributing 
INR123 crores, while EV business in controller division contributed INR37 crores.  
As the new three -wheeler charger programs are now being executed through the EV  system 
division as against controller division hence it is prudent to look at aggregate revenues of Uno 
Minda EV Systems and EV Business in controller for like-to-like comparison. 

[page 8]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
The said aggregate revenues increased to INR218 crores, registering a growth of 24% as against 
INR176 crores in corresponding quarter. This growth was driven by both vehicle segment, which 
is two-wheeler and three-wheeler. The three-wheeler EV charger business was supported by new 
three-wheeler charger programs. The increasing penetration of electric three-wheeler reaching 
more than 60% has been supporting this growth.  
The two-wheeler EV business growth was contributed by multiple drivers.First, SOP of a new 
program for DCDC converter , electric motors as well as RCD cable through  their share in 
revenues remain relatively smaller than EV charger, which has been our mainstay. 
EV charger contributed to growth through higher volumes and increased penetration with 
existing customers and higher share with newly added customer. We have a lso commenced 
supplies of charger to a new incumbent OEM. The rising penetration of e-two-wheeler has been 
driving growth. 
During the quarter, we had received Press Note 3 approval for our proposed JV with Inovance. 
However, as was advised earlier, the joint venture will also require approval in their host country 
China. There have been recent regulatory changes in China, tightening the norms for such 
technology partnership. Inovance is reviewing the revised guidelines and seeking clarifications 
for next steps.  
Moving to the other segment. The reconfigured other portfolio continues to reflect steady 
operational performance. The vertical reported revenues of INR1,029 crores, registering a robust 
21% year-on-year growth and contributing approximately 19% to company's consolidated top 
line. 
Contribution during the quarter remained distributed across remaining core and aftermarket 
verticals within the portfolio. Sensors and ADAS generated INR250 crores followed by 
Acoustics at INR225 crores. Blow moulding produc ts and the non -EV controller business 
accounted for INR125 crores and INR80 crores, respectively. The remaining revenues were 
driven by the aftermarket segment, including batteries along with external sales from Uno Minda 
Katolec and European Engineering Services providing additional stability to the portfolio. 
Construction of the sunroof manufacturing facility is progressing as planned, with 
commissioning expected by the end of FY27. Ahead of commission of our first plant, we are 
pleased to inform of having added a new OEM customer for panoramic sunroof with an INR130 
crores of annual peak order value. We have also secured order for electric roller shades for 
INR40 crores. Together with these orders, our total sunroof order book have crossed INR500 
crores. 
Moving to the aftermarket and industrial revenues, you can refer to Slide 13. For the quarter 
ended June 2026, the after -market reported revenues of INR336 crores, co ntributing 
approximately 6% of consolidated revenues. In addition, sales to the OEM spare part division, 
which is considered as part of segment revenues , stood at INR254 crores. Combined the 
aftermarket and SPD channels generated revenues of INR590 crores, representing 11% of our 
consolidated revenues. 

[page 9]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
International business contributed around 10% of total revenues during Q1 FY27. This 
performance was driven by improved export traction, particularly in the two-wheeler switching 
and seating segments. Exports from India stood at approximately INR228 crores during the 
quarter, as against INR141 crores in the corresponding quarter. 
Looking ahead, we remain constructive on the outlook for the automotive industry and continue 
to expect healthy growth during the remainder of FY27. At Uno Minda, our growth strategy 
remains unchanged. We expect to continu e our outperformance as compared with industry 
volumes, through market share gains, increasing content per vehicle, rapid localisation of 
advanced technologies, expansion into new product categories, and continued investments in 
capacity and R&D. 
We are al so encouraged by the strong order pipeline across several emerging technology 
platforms, including EV powertrain systems, lighting, seating, sunroofs, infotainment, and 
advanced electronics. These platforms provide excellent long-term visibility and reinforce our 
confidence in sustainable growth. With this, I would like to now open up the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Chandramouli Muthiah with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my questions. My first question is just around the 
seating segment. It's a wide space for the company, new area of business. So, I just wanted to 
understand if you could  give us some details around the competitive landscape, which four -
wheeler segments you look to participate in. Is it more SUVs or are you looking at small cars as 
well? Are you looking at CVs as well? And also, some colour around the market size and the 
opportunity size, the way it looks from your vantage point. 
The second question is just around, I think your comments around focus on continuing to 
outperform the industry in terms of growth. I think the back half of the year, the industry will 
possibly be up against a high base, but looks like there are about seven plants that you're on -
boarding in FY27, some in the first half, some in the back half. 
So, I just want to understand in the back half this year when the base is high, are there some 
additional products that launch or will you have some Inovance products also that start SOP, 
which will help the outperformance versus industry? I think you did mention that you still have 
to wait for the Chinese regulations to clear the Inovance technology licensing. So, is that going 
to hold up any Inovance product SOP in the back half, which was earlier expected? 
And third question is just around the green mobility segment. So, now it looks like the green 
mobility segment is almost half the size of your core segments in lighting and switches and alloy 
wheels. So, is it at a critical scale where you think it's getting closer to profitability of the 
corporate average? 
I just want to understand that. And if you could give us some colour on capex for this year and 
next year, now that we have renewed capex plans to drive the growth. I'll just pause there. Thank 
you. 

[page 10]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Sunil Bohra: Thanks, Chandru. So, a lot of questions. Let me start on the same sequence. So, first of all, 
starting with seating. So, it is on competitive lands cape. I think we all know that this business 
has been something we have been looking for past almost four to five years since we formed 
this JV with TACHI-S. The landscape remains very, very highly competitive. 
Currently, we have been able to get into one business nomination for starting with one model, 
we are already talking of some second model and so on. But in terms of vehicles and the 
categories, I will not be able to share much information as of now because these models are also 
the new models which w ill get launched. So, we can't share any such information until the 
vehicle gets launched. 
In terms of opportunity size, yes, it is very big. And as you all know, the seating as a product 
has consistently been adding a lot of value. It's going as to almost like INR30,000, INR40,000 
kind of a kit value per car. So, the opportunity is growing by the day. And as I also mentioned, 
this will be one of the largest kit value product in the group, maybe even bigger than the alloy 
wheel segment in terms of kit value per car. 
In terms of second half, there are, as you rightly mentioned, there are multiple plants which are 
coming on stream, some of which are like the phase 2 of Kharkhoda or the two -wheeler alloy 
wheel. So, somewhere it is a purely incremental business which was non-existent. So, definitely 
that will add a lot of what we call delta in terms of industry growth. But there are some businesses 
which will support the growth, as I said. 
So, for example, the alloy wheel four-wheeler plant, when it gets commissioned, it will support 
the increased demand or increased application, which as I also mentioned, we are currently 
seeing that shift again in terms of increased application of alloy wheel versus steel wheel. The 
trend is now again moving favorably as we move forward, which is the indication we are getting 
from our customers. 
So, there is a mix of both. There are certain businesses like say in the Mindarika, which is moving 
to Farrukhnagar from Manesar, it is going into a larger plant. So, there might not be immediate 
delta in terms of just shifting to a bigger plant, but obviously it will enable the growth as we 
move forward. 
So, and similarly, there are other products like, as we mentioned, Sunroof and all, which will 
gradually come on stream as we move forwa rd. In terms of I novance, as of now, there is no 
holdup. Our plant construction goes on as scheduled and even the supplies to our customers. 
And the endeavor is that we have to ensure that the business goes uninterrupted. And that's where 
both the partners  are completely aligned in terms of making sure that we continue to secure 
business and the customer supplies should remain un-impacted. 
So, as of now, there is no holdup. In fact, both our plants work is going on. The first plant at 
Khed City, the work is  going on as scheduled. And the plant, which we have to construct on 
CSN, that is already on the drawing board and will be hitting the ground in the next couple of 
months. 

[page 11]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
In terms of green mobility, yes, you are right. And that was the key reason why we carved it out 
last year to show separately, because there was a lot of businesses which are actually going as 
part of others. So, they are not getting that clear visibility as well. And that is the whole reason 
we have combined and shared. So, there are certain businesses which are actually maybe doing 
better than the group profitability. 
Certain businesses that just started, obviously, they are lower than group profitability. But as we 
have said, our endeavor always has been in the third full of production, they should achieve our 
target profitability. So, businesses which are new, obviously, we won't expect to achieve that 
much profitability once you start. So, that obviously will be a journey we have to go through. 
In terms of capex plan, it remains the s ame, what we have shared in the last call of around 
INR1,750 crores for the current fiscal year. For next year, obviously, we will give our in annual 
guidance. But if you see our total project capex, and if you go to that, there is a slide on project 
total announced, which is almost INR3,800 crores in pipeline of which INR1,400 is already 
spent till date. 
So, going at the current pace, so the delta of INR 2000 crores, obviously, is going to get spent 
over next 18 months to 24 months or so. So, we are very, v ery comfortably placed in terms of 
the capex cycle as well. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Sunil Bohra:  Thanks, Chandru. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Raghunandan NL with Nuvama Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: Congratulations sir, on numbers, especially Q-o-Q revenue improvement despite the drop in the 
PV production Q-o-Q. First question, within the green mobility business, based on the capacity 
and the order book, how d o you see the ramp -up for electric two -wheeler and four -wheeler 
business? And specifically, if you can talk a bit more on the traction motor and e-drive, how do 
you see that ramp-up happening this year and next year? 
Apart from that, the other question I had was, on margin, how do you see the recovery towards 
11%, considering the price hikes from customers on commodity and wage inflation? Given the 
minimum wage hike impact, by when do you expect customers to compensate, would you be 
able to pass on 80%, 90% of impact to customers? 
Lastly, one clarification. On depreciation, there is a Q-o-Q drop. There is seasonality that always 
happens that Q1 is lower than Q4. Can you explain why that is the case? Thank you. 
Sunil Bohra: Yes. So thanks Raghu, thanks for the compliments. In terms of green mobility, you asked how 
do you see the ramp-up of e-two wheeler and e-four wheeler busines. We won't comment on the 
sales because the volumes are not in our hand. So as the volume grows, we are gearing up to 
make sure that we are able to meet the supplies. 

[page 12]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
The growth has been definitely more than at least we have expected internally when we have 
started the year in terms of our budgeting cycle, which is a very, very good position to be in , 
teams are working to see that we meet all our customer demands and build capacities on a much 
faster pace and capture or capitalize on the opportunity which market is growing up. 
In terms of traction motor, as I mentioned, as of now, it's a very small business. It's already 
started. There are 2 OEMs whom we are supplying. The volumes are not that meaningful, 
honestly. In terms of margin recovery, as I said, we normally always give the annual guidance 
and Q1 tends to be lower. 
This time, it has been impacted also because of the high commodity prices. And as I mentioned, 
the commodity price even assuming 100% has passed through that itself has diluted by almost 
40 basis points. 
If these prices remain that impact is going to be there for the rest of the year. But despite that, 
we are holding on to our mining margin guidance, and we have been able to take a lot of actions 
in terms of the automation or in terms of efficiencies, in terms of productivity, and we have been 
able to absorb a large part of the wage increase as well. And for commodi ty also, as the cycle 
goes on, on a quarterly, half yearly basis, the price anyway gets adjusted. 
In fact, we have a customer who has also given in 1 or 2 of the commodities in the monthly sort 
of price, which we have also mentioned in terms of our last ca ll. So that's a very good thing. 
Customers has been also conscious of this fact. And we have also seen some of the customers 
already announced some sort of price hikes to absorb these kind of cost increases. 
In terms of depreciation, quarter -on-quarter dro p Q1 to Q4 largely happens because in our 
casting business, which is a capital-intensive business, there is a WDV method of depreciation. 
So once the new starts, you start with a lower base. So that is one of the reasons why your 
depreciation in Q1 normally is lower in that business from Q4 to Q1. So I hope I have answered 
all of your questions, Raghu. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Yes, sir. Thank you very much. Wishing all the best. 
Sunil Bohra: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha with Anand Rathi Institution 
Equities. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Sir, just on the four-wheeler INR3.2 billion capex, how much revenue potential the plant can 
generate? Secondly, on the seating side with this order and also export order, just indicate how 
the time lines will be there in terms of ramp-up of those orders? 
And similarly on the sunroof side also with the INR500 crores order, if you can help understand 
how the ramp in FY29, FY30? And finally, sir, on the JV side, this quarter was flat on Y -o-Y 
basis. Is it largely driven by the commodity side? If you can help understand what happen in the 
Q1 JV numbers. Yes. That’s all from my side. 

[page 13]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Sunil Bohra: Thanks Mumuksh, and thanks for the compliment. On four-wheel seating business, the INR3.2 
billion capex, we can do revenue of more than 2x as we speak. And I'm sure as we move forward, 
once we do capex, on incremental capex further, the potential is normally more. But to answer 
to your point, it is more than 2x at this stage. 
Export order in terms of the time lines. So the part of the export orders, it's a 2 -year cycle. So 
you will see impact coming in from end of FY28 and the large part will come fully in FY 29.  
Same will be in the sunroof business also.  So the business will start from it, as I said, end of 
FY27, is somewhere in March, April of FY27 and you will have a ramp-up phase for that year 
and then realize full sale from '28, '29 onwards. In terms of JV profitability being flat, your point 
is right. I t is actually a commodity impact, which we could not recover in the quarter. So 
obviously, once this price gets adjusted as for next quarter, we should be able to start bridging 
that gap from Q2 onwards. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it, sir, Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Siddhartha Bera with Nomura Holdings. 
Siddhartha Bera: Sir, first question is on this OE tie -up for the lighting segment for four-wheelers. Some 
assessments are how big can this opportu nity be maybe in a few years in terms of revenue 
potential? And do you need to invest further for catering to this OE? 
Second question is on the exports. So exports, we have seen that has started going well. If you 
can highlight what has been the number for last year or last Q1 or Q4 for the total exports? And 
in the medium term, where do you see the exports potential in terms of segments where can we 
reach? 
And lastly, sir, on the cost side now given that you mentioned that a couple of customers have 
started giving monthly price hikes. Does that mean that because last three consecutive quarters 
we have seen the gross margins going down?  So does that lead to some normalization in the 
gross margins at a faster pace. That will be all, sir. 
Sunil Bohra: Thanks, and thanks for the complements. In terms of OE, this light, four-wheeler tie-up is a new 
customer. Definitely is a global customer, and this is an entry. And we are working with them 
proactively in terms of seeing possibility if we can sort of build on that. But good news is as of 
now, it's an entry with decent volumes, order value. Opportunity can obviously be very big even 
within India itself. And then if everything goes fine in future, maybe there may be possibility of 
exports, We are not betting on that as of now. But locally itself, there is a large opportunity.  
Do we need to invest on this for this trend? Do we need to invest on this for this current business, 
what you have received? As of now, we don't because the plant which we have set up in Khed 
city, there might be the investment only to the extent of lines and tools etc, but nothing in terms 
of large capex might be required at this stage.  
Exports has been growing well, yes, tha nks. So last Q1, our export was physically from India 
was INR141 crores. And this quarter it was INR228 crores, so almost like 50%, 60% increase.  

[page 14]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Where do we see exports moving forward as you also highlighted some of the new business 
which we have secured , specifically almost INR 400 crores of new business plus some new 
business in switches and labs.Definitely, our endeavour is to grow significantly from where we 
are today.  
And gross margin, as I also mentioned initially is that while on one hand, assuming that we 
recover full commodity price, the increase this quarter itself is like diluting 0.4% of the gross 
margin. 
And some of the new business which we are adding on the electronic side, there the gross margin 
obviously is lower. So that also plays a part in terms of gross margin. But in terms of profitability, 
because there you have better asset turn, it does not impact much on the EBITDA side or the 
ROCE side so while we might see some small movement here and there for GRM, ideally, that 
should offset at EBITDA margin level. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Rishi Vora with Kotak Securities. 
Rishi Vora: Just on the China JV, the comment which you made, can you just elaborate on what is the current 
status? So are we able to import  the e-Axle today? So is there a restriction over there or there 
are no restrictions? And in the future, how do you think this pan out? And in a worst case, 
because in some of the battery technologies, Chinese government has restricted. So if  they do 
restrict then what would be our strategy in kind of increasing our presence on the four-wheeler 
EV business? 
Sunil Bohra: Sure. So Rishi, in terms of any restriction for e-Axle, as of now, there is no restriction, and we 
don't see possibility of any restriction on import of eAxle as of now. And you shared in terms of 
somebody else facing technology challenges, etc, etc. Obviously, one can't rule it out. But as I 
said, we are currently in discussion with our partner, they are also in discussion with the local 
stakeholders. 
The whole endeavour is to ensure that whatever investment we have done, we are able to utilize 
that investment and we are able to gradually localize the product as we have laid out original 
which they remain pretty confident that they should be able to find a solution to this problem. 
But as I said, this is just early days. Hopefully, in next quarter or so, we should have some better 
clarity. 
Rishi Vora: So in terms capex for this in Aurangabad, Sambhaji Nagar, there is no change, right? So that 
remains on track? 
Sunil Bohra: Yes. As of now, we are going ahead with that. if you remember, there's also another product, 
which is DHT and that we said is in collaboration with one of the customers as well. So that also 
sort of is going on as planned. 
Rishi Vora: Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh with Haitong. 

[page 15]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Jyoti Singh:  Sir, I wanted to understand on the casting side that improved from 18% to 20%. So with n ear 
term, any headwind that we are seeing and traditionally, it's a lower margin business. So that 
will again a more capital-intensive segment. As casting scale further with the CSN alloy wheel 
plant, so what is the going forward margin we are expecting from this segment? 
  And another on the employee cost side that has 15% year-on-year against 26% on the revenue 
growth side. So this is going to sustainable near term? Or does the new capacity coming will be 
seeing the step of hiring and that we should model in? 
Sunil Bohra: Thanks Jyoti. Let me answer one by one. So casting, you said headwind. Actually, there is a 
tailwind in terms of application ratio we are expecting. So casting as a business in terms of alloy 
wheel, etc should actually grow more than what the industry growth is because sheer application 
will increase and on top of it, we are looking at bigger size alloy wheels,  etc, etc. 
And in terms of margin also, they are not margin dilutive. Actually, it's a better margin versus 
company average because of higher capital cost and to achieve our ROCE targets, obviously, 
we need to make sure that the margins are there, which can take us to those targets. 
In terms of employee cost, whether that will increase with new capacity, and when you have 
new capacity you will have more sales .and new sales when you have, then obviously, you will 
have new plants, you will have new people to run those plants. So obviously, in terms of absolute 
numbers, the cost definitely will go up because if you're setting new plant, you will need people 
to run those plants. But as a percentage of revenue, we don't expect it to push it upwards. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. Great, sir. And sir, another on the, like you already explained on the export side as well. 
But currently, it's 11% of revenue mix. So what's the medium-term target that we are targeting 
for the export side? 
Sunil Bohra: No, our target obviously has been to co nsistently take this percentage higher and higher. But 
good thing is that our domestic market is growing significantly. And domestic market is growing 
like 20%, 25%, 30%, then we do expect export market to do at least that much to maintain the 
share in the pie, right? 
So export has to outgrow the domestic growth, then only the percentage will increase. So  our 
target absolutely is to double and triple the export in terms of absolute numbers. But in terms of 
percentage, it all also depends on how much domestic growth market is giving us. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Mukesh Saraf with Avendus spark. 
Mukesh Saraf: Good evening, and thank you for the opportunity. A lot of my questions were answered. But just 
on the seating business, I think you also kind of alluded that you've been trying to get into the 
four-wheeler seating business now for the last, say, 3, 4 years after the acquisition of Harita. 
So just trying to understand, are we now like at some inflection point here that we are setting up 
a plant just for this four-wheeler seating business. So how do we look at this business over the 
next 3 years? Is there something unique that you're offering now in terms of technology or safety 
or any of these aspects that you can comment on? 

[page 16]
  UNO Minda Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Sunil Bohra: Yes. Anything else, Mukesh? 
Mukesh Saraf: Second question is just on some numbers that you us ually provide. If you could break up the 
alloy wheels into two-wheelers, four-wheelers as well as if you can give the Westport revenue 
within Green Mobility and the sensors revenue within others. 
Sunil Bohra: I think I gave that problem... 
Mukesh Saraf: Sure. I think I missed that, sorry. 
Sunil Bohra: No, no worries. In terms of seating business, Mukesh, yes, we are very optimistic on the seating 
business because while we know India market, there have been multiple players, and we have 
to fight against them to win business. But I'm sure you also appreciate one of the partner which 
we have for seating business is a globally renowned partner, Tachi-S who is having 60 plants 
globally. And the kind of technology they have is state of the-art. 
So we do expect that once we are able to settle down in this business, we should be able to get 
into more and more customers, and that has been our philosophy in all the businesses you see, 
right? We just saw that sunroof business even before starting, we got second customers, same in 
some other business as well. 
We are pretty positive on this seating business. In fact, very excited that eventually, finally, we 
could get into, we could break into full seating. And this actually can grow multifold as we move 
forward. But obviously, a lot of it we need to work on and to see that we provide not only better 
prices, but better features at better prices and which we believe we are very well placed in terms 
of providing those competencies. 
In terms of the alloy wheel four-wheeler revenue is for the quarter is INR566 crores, two-wheeler 
is INR284 crores and Westport is INR184 crores. You asked for sensors also, sensors and 
ADAS. I said sensors and ADAS is INR250 crores. 
Mukesh Saraf: Great. Thank you so much for this. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Sunil Bohra: I would like to thank everyone for joining the call. I hope we have been able to respond to most 
of your queries adequately. For any further information, we request you to please do get in touch 
with us directly. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Uno Minda, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
