
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
D
ate: October 25, 2025 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
S
ub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 17, 2025. 
P
ursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 17, 
2025 to discuss the performance for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 and 
the same is available on the Company’s website at  https://www.aurumproptech.in/quarterly-
earnings.  
Y
ou are requested to take the same on record. 
Thank
ing you. 
For
 Aurum PropTech Limited  
S
onia Jain        
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
To, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai-400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 539289 
Li
sting Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: AURUM   
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
Q2 FY2026 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. ASHISH DEORA: FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES &  
 DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
MR. ONKAR SHETYE: EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
MR. KUNAL KARAN: CFO, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
MR. RIHEN SHAH: LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM  
    PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
MS. VANESSA FERNANDES: INVESTOR RELATIONS, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
DURATION: 01:08:49 
PRESENTATION LINK: Q2 FY2026 INVESTOR PRESENTATION  
MEETING AUDIO: Q2 FY2026 EARNINGS CALL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
TRANSCRIPT 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call of 
Aurum PropTech Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and 
there will be an opportunity to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vanessa Fernandes. Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
 
VANESSA FERNANDES (INVESTOR RELATIONS, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. A warm welcome to the 
Q2 FY ‘26 Earnings Call of Aurum PropTech Limited. 
 
We are joined today by Mr. Ashish Deora - Founder and CEO of Aurum Ventures; Mr. Onkar Shetye 
- Executive Director of Aurum PropTech; Mr. Kunal Karan - CFO of Aurum PropTech and Mr. Rihen 
Shah - Strategy and Investor Relations. 
 
Quarter 2 marks yet another important milestone in our journey. It has been a period of steady 
execution and disciplined growth, a quarter where our focus on profitability and operating 
efficiency has begun translating into tangible outcomes. The progress we have made reflects not 
just operational maturity, but also the expanding scope and scale of our platform as we continue 
to align our businesses to transform the real estate experience for all stakeholders. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made during this call may be 
forward looking in nature. These are subject to risks and uncertainties as detailed in our Annual 
Report and investor disclosures available on our website. 
 
With that, I will now hand it over to Mr. Ashish Deora to share his opening remarks. 
 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES, DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you, Vanessa, and good afternoon, everyone. It is my pleasure to welcome you to the 18 th 
Earnings Call of Aurum PropTech, and it is my privilege to share with you our performance for this 
quarter. Q2 FY ‘25-26 is a pivotal and landmark moment in the journey of Aurum PropTech. 
Since inception, we have consistently articulated our drive of profitable growth. Q2 of Financial 
Year ‘25-26 is our first profitable quarter on adjusted EBITDA basis. This is due to our focus on 
relentless execution, unit economics, financial discipline, and unwavering pursuit of profitable 
growth. The credit for this exceptional performance goes to the deep ownership mindset of every 
team member who believes in Aurum Vision. Our purpose has always been bold - to build India’s 
largest and most trusted integrated PropTech ecosystem. With each passing quarter, we are seeing 
the network effect strengthen and compound. Our platforms are now enabling home buyers, 
developers, and stakeholders across the real estate value chain, making the ecosystem smarter, 
faster, and more transparent. 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Let me now share some financial performance for this quarter: 
Our revenue grew 30% year-on-year, and we saw our PBT margin improved by almost 1000 basis 
points. Most importantly, we improved our adjusted EBITDA percentage by 700 points. From minus 
4% in Q2 FY 2025, we are now plus 3% in Q2 FY 2026. Also, this is the first quarter where the 
revenue of our rental vertical has delivered Rs. 200 crores ARR. We believe that our distribution 
vertical with the addition of PropTiger will also soon deliver Rs. 200 crores ARR. Across our 
verticals, we are targeting to deliver Rs. 500 crores ARR in next few quarters. Needless to mention, 
we will keep a very keen eye on profitability. 
I am also excited to share with you the successful completion of PropTiger transaction. We now 
own 100% shares of PropTiger, and we look forward to engaging with REA Group as our 
shareholders. We believe that REA has deep knowledge of global real estate pl atforms, and at 
Aurum, we should broaden our engagement with REA across the shared values of innovation, 
governance, and long-term value creation. 
Going forward, other than improving our financial metrics, our day-to-day focus remains on three 
things. First, harnessing AI to accelerate product innovation; Second, to deepen consumer 
obsession in everything we build, and Third, to strengthen our digita l-first DNA across the 
organization. What truly empowers Aurum is our people, our entrepreneurs and leaders who think 
like founders, execute with purpose, and carry the conviction that Indian real estate can be and 
will be reimagined. 
To conclude, Earning Calls is where I get to interact with you and is very special. It always reminds 
us of a larger purpose, and today this Earning Call is even more special because I get to wish you 
and your loved ones a very Happy Diwali. Together, we a re reshaping the future of Indian real 
estate, one quarter, one product and one home at a time. Thank you for your continued trust and 
partnership. 
With that, I now hand over the call to Onkar. Thank you. 
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you, Mr. Deora. The second part of FY ‘26 marks another year of consistent execution and 
improved profitability metrics for Aurum PropTech. Our focus on operational excellence, customer-
centric innovation, and technology -driven scalability continues to strengthen our integrated 
PropTech ecosystem across rentals, distribution, and Capital verticals.  
The rental business sustained its growth momentum with Rs. 54 crores in revenue, up 25% year -
on-year. The segment continues to benefit from tech -enabled service upgrades and improved 
customer experiences across our brands, HelloWorld and NestAway. 
We added 19 buildings, bringing our managed portfolio to 258 properties with over 19,100 beds 
and an overall occupancy of 73%. Importantly, 128 properties maintained over 80% occupancy 
consistently throughout the quarter, underlining the strength of our demand base.  
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
HelloWorld enhanced its digital offering through upgrades to the short-stay module, a new review 
and ratings feature, and a smart-meter integration for utilities, driving better tenant engagement 
and operational transparency. 
On the expansion front, we are pleased to share that “Nestr” - our Dubai operations, were 
launched during Q2 FY ‘26, marking our first international foray into the Middle East rental 
ecosystem.  
NestAway continued to improve unit -level profitability and achieved a 4x growth in monthly 
revenue run rate in secondary sales, supported by recently launched digital resale platform. This 
initiative enables us to leverage long -standing relationships with property owners to unlock an 
additional, high-margin revenue stream.  
Our distribution vertical delivered another strong quarter of data-driven growth with Rs. 27 crores 
in revenue, a 62% year-on-year increase.  
Aurum Analytica sold 95,900 leads to 140+ active clients across 250+ projects, representing a 53% 
growth in lead sales over the same period last year.  
We launched operations in five new cities, with Pune and Indore scheduled to go live in the coming 
quarters. The MVP for our Next Generation Analytica Platform was initiated this quarter, 
integrating AISEO capabilities to boost organic rankings and expand reach in Tier-2 markets.  
The Sell.Do CRM business continued to scale with 170+ enterprise deals closed, and 1,400 new 
licenses added during the quarter. We also strengthened partnerships with marquee clients such 
as Exp Realty, Peninsula Group and Taj Sky.  
Our AI-led products stack delivered measurable productivity gains with engineering efficiency up 
35%, new features such as Call Transcripts, Translation and AI Insights added, and the first two 
customers on-boarded for our AI Calling Bot service. 
In our Capital vertical, AMSA Investments, a subsidiary of Aurum PropTech, is progressing steadily 
following SEBI’s approval to register its SM-REIT. We are evaluating a robust pipeline of Grade -A, 
income-generating commercial real estate assets and will a dopt a prudent approach before 
launching the inaugural scheme. We continue to uphold strong governance, risk and compliance 
practices with board-level oversight across key focus areas to ensure sustainable value creation for 
all stakeholders. 
In summary, Q2 FY ‘26 has been a quarter of steady expansion, improved efficiencies and strategic 
progress. We have expanded our footprint both geographically and across service lines, deepened 
our technology stack and moved closer toward operating profitability. 
I will now hand over to Mr. Kunal Karan - CFO, to take us through the financial results. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
KUNAL KARAN (CFO, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
Thank you, Onkar. Thank you, everyone, for taking out time to join us on this call today. First, I 
would like to state the following events that occurred during the quarter, which have had an impact 
on the financial statements. 
During the quarter, the company has invested in 100% equity of PropTiger Marketing Services 
Private Limited for a consideration of INR 86.45 crores. The purchase consideration was settled by 
issue of 42,42,537 fully paid equity shares of the company. Contr ol was obtained on September 
25, 2025 and the current quarter results include the performance of PropTiger for 5 days.  
Effective July 1, 2025, considering a prospective restructuring of Integrow Asset Management 
Private Limited, the company has kept its board control rights in abeyance till March 31, 2026. 
Integrow has been considered as an associate for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. 
Now going to the results. The revenue from operations for the quarter was INR 82.50 crores as 
compared to INR 68.40 crores in the previous quarter, an increase of 21% as compared to previous 
quarter. The total income was INR 87.66 crores, an increase of 14 % as compared to INR 76.96 
crores in the previous quarter. Loss before tax for the quarter was INR 6.96 crores compared to INR 
10.78 crores in the previous quarter. 
Now, the results as compared to the corresponding quarter, previous year. Revenue from 
operations grew by 29% from INR 63.96 crores to INR 82.50 crores. Total income for the quarter 
grew by 30% from INR 67.61 crores. The loss before tax for the quarter was  INR 6.96 crores as 
compared to INR 12.07 crores in the corresponding quarter previous year. 
The results for 6 months ended September 30, 2025. Revenue from operations was INR 150.90 
crores compared to INR 120.85 crores, an increase of 17%. The total income was INR 164.6 crores 
compared to INR 136.7 crores, 20% year -on-year growth. Loss before tax  was INR 17.7 crores as 
compared to INR 25.8 crores in the last 6 months. EBITDA improved by 82% year-on-year. 
The balance sheet. The total assets of the company as on September 30, 2025 was at INR 905.84 
crores, the total liabilities at Rs. 413.9 crores. The total borrowing was INR 61.82 crores as 
compared to INR 81.01 crores as on March 31, 2025. Cash and cash eq uivalent was INR 153.89 
crores as on September 30, 2025. 
The segment results. The rental revenue contributed 65% of the total revenue from operations at 
Rs. 54.11 crores and distribution and capital segment contributed Rs. 27.19 and Rs. 1.2 crore 
respectively.  
Segment results. Rental and Capital segments had a loss of Rs. 3.6 crore and Rs. 0.35 crore 
respectively while the Distribution segment made a profit of INR 5.51 crore during the quarter.  
Thank you. 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR)  
 
Sir, should we open the floor for questions? 
 
VANESSA FERNANDES (INVESTOR RELATIONS, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
 Yes. 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR)  
 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
 
We will start with the text questions, and we will take the first text question from the line of Mr. 
Anubhav Anil Goel. And the question is, can you name other real estate CRM companies for 
comparison, Sell.Do and Aurum Analytica, which would you be competing against? 
 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Hi Anubhavji, this is Rihen here. Thank you so much for your question. Sell.Do is the real estate 
CRM that we have, one of the oldest real estate CRMs that is operating in India. Overall, its 
competitors, in terms of features, it competes with the likes of Salesforce and LeadSquared as well. 
However, at a real estate level, it is the best rated CRM across the real estate CRMs that are there 
in India. So, if we draw comparisons, we can draw comparisons to the likes of Salesforce, 
LeadSquared and Zoho as well. For Aurum Analytica, Aurum Analytica provides leads to real estate 
developers. So, while in the market, it competes with the likes of 99 acres, Magic Bricks, it is a very 
different value proposition where it goes with a hyper-personalized targeting of real estate. While 
99 acres or MagicBricks would have a proposition of a branded marketplace, this is a very hyper -
personalized targeting of real e state advertisement. So that is the primary difference, but these 
are the competitors that we generally track. Thank you so much. 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR)  
 
Thank you. Our next text question comes from the line of Sunil M, who is an investor. And the 
question is, what percentage of Aurum does REA own now. 
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Thanks for the question. It gives us pleasure to also brief you about the REA transaction that started 
last quarter. We have successfully gone on to execute the transaction. Both teams work together 
to ensure that there is a transition across the board. REA now holds 5.5% at Aurum PropTech. And 
we are really glad that they have taken this leap of faith in the India PropTech ecosystem with 
Aurum PropTech.  
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. Our next text question co mes from the line of Mr. Param Vora from Trinetra Asset 
Managers. And the question is, the rental business is around 60% of revenues. How do you intend  
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
 
to grow the non-rental segments? Within that, which sub-segments do you see scaling fastest and 
why?  
 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Thank you, Param, for your question. The rental segment does currently account for 60% of the 
revenues. However, with integration of PropTiger, we believe that the split of rental and 
distribution will come to around 50% -50%. 50% of our total revenue will come from rental and  
other 50% will come from distribution. In the current quarter, only 5 days of PropTiger revenue 
was consolidated. Overall, we feel that going ahead, both the segments will grow in terms of all 
the products. Aurum Analytica as a product has grown 60%-70% year-on-year basis in all quarters. 
We see that as one of the high -growing companies as such. Along with that, we have recently 
acquired PropTiger, but we see really strong green shoots and ecosystem-level synergies where we 
are seeing the growth coming in from there as well. The rental segment overall will grow between 
30%-40% on a Y-o-Y basis, which has been our consistent performance so far as well.  
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. Our next text question comes from the line of Mitesh Jain. And the question is, the 
current rental ARR is Rs. 200 crore plus an additional 85% or post PropTiger integration. So in how 
many quarters do you expect it to be at Rs. 500 crore ARR as stated? Did the current quarter have 
any contribution from PropTiger?  
 
KUNAL KARAN (CFO, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
I think the current quarter, we have taken 5 days of the PropTiger revenue, which was not very 
significant, but because of the accounting reasons, it was done. Having said that, the Rs. 500 crores 
ARR is expected within this financial year and should be ac hieved in the Q4 of FY ‘25-26, which is 
in the same financial year. 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. Our next text question comes from the line of Vishal Gajra from Ambit. And the 
question is, can you throw a light on the acquisition of PropTiger? What valuation it happened at? 
 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Hi, this is Rihen here. Thank you, Vishal, for your question. The PropTiger acquisition was a very 
strategic acquisition for a growth of our distribution value chain. While we were providing leads 
and managing leads through our two platforms, which is Auru m Analytica and Sell.Do, PropTiger 
gives us an end-to-end distribution model where we enable transaction management as well. The 
acquisition happened at a price of Rs. 86.45 crores. This was done through an equity share swap 
with REA India, where REA Group  is now a shareholder in Aurum PropTech. We are planning to 
grow partnership with them and we will be delivering and enabling a strategic partnership for them 
in India operations. Thank you.  
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. Our next text question comes from the line of Mr. Anubhav Goel. The question is, can 
you give a break-up of sales for PropTiger by activity? Wanted to understand how PropTiger, which 
we acquired, is different from 99acres or a Housing?  
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Thanks for your question. It is really important to bring out the differentiator between both these 
platforms. PropTiger earns its revenue from two streams. One is transaction management 
brokerage and the other being facilitation of home loans. Presently, the transaction management  
brokerage is the largest component of the revenue stream, which is split in two parts. Transaction 
management revenue coming from annual operating plan signed with real estate developers, 
where we go on to deliver sales for real estate projects in primary sales. And the other being 
mandates, where we take exclusive mandates to sell real estate projects for real estate developers.  
 
So, this is the split of the PropTiger transaction management revenue. The other revenue is the 
home loans facilitation, wherein any retail or home buyer who intends to purchase an apartment, 
is looking to consult for his loan, comes to PropTiger and gets the right recommendation. How are 
we different than Housing.com and 99acres? We are largely different. Housing and 99acres 
fundamentally are only digital classifieds. Their promise to consumer, which is the real estate 
developer, the enterprise of a real esta te developer, is that they will give leads against listings of 
real estate projects. PropTiger is a combination of a listing platform and also a transaction 
management team that has got presence in 8 cities. So, any project that is onboarded by PropTiger 
is listed on the PropTiger website, either in the EOP or the mandate model. And of course there’s 
discovery happening on the PropTiger website. And the transaction teams go on to also facilitate 
or fulfill transa ctions for these. So, it is basically enabled  with lead gen capabilities and also 
transaction management capabilities. And that is how we are largely different from both these 
platforms.  
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. We will take the next voice question from the line of Shivangi B from MK. Please go 
ahead. Shivangi ma’am, your line is unmuted. Please unmute the line from your end and proceed 
with your question. As there is no response from the line of curren t participant, we will move on 
to our next voice question. And the next voice question comes from the line of Vishal Gajra. As the 
current participant, Vishal Gajra dropped from the queue, we will take the next voice question 
from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL) 
 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations to the team for turning adjusted EBITDA 
profitable and also for completing this landmark transaction. I have one specific question for the 
integral transaction and just trying to understand the repercussi on of this from a going forward 
accounting perspective. If I go from a note -to-account kind of a thing, I can see that the revenue 
or deconsolidation impact is already being taken into current quarter’s number. But it would be  
 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
 
great if you could throw some more light in terms of what should be the annual revenue versus 
EBITDA differential because of this transaction load?  
 
KUNAL KARAN (CFO, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Thank you for your question. I will give you fundamentally why we have taken this action. When 
we did the Integrow transaction, we did not have the SM REIT Regulatory framework and guidance 
by SEBI. SM REIT is a much more, I would say, agile instrument tha t is suited for commercial real 
estate properties of this grade than the classic AIF and hence we felt that we need to double down 
our interest in SM REIT whereas we can look at Integrow in a more subdued manner. Integrow in 
the last 2 years was in an active GTM phase where they had done substantial investor relationship 
and investor build -up, also supply varying. However, the revenue scale was not as significant. 
Hence, from a revenue standpoint, you will not have as much of an impact. You will definitely have 
a positive impact in terms of profitability because Integrow as a business is very people dependent 
and high quality resources are required to run that business which come at a significant cost. This 
has now given us a lever to look at profitability with Integrow being treated in a subdued manner. 
I hope I have been able to answer your question.  
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL) 
 
Thanks for that Kunal. Basically, I would also like to understand whether this charge which has 
happened in this quarter where the share of loss of associate of roughly Rs. 2.55 crore, this is the 
49% part of the current quarter losses. Is that the understanding right?  
 
KUNAL KARAN (CFO, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Yes. 
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL) 
 
So basically, if I also refer to the capital business revenue from FY ‘25 which was roughly Rs. 16 
crores, so with this exercise, what kind of revenue run rate one could see could have been foregone 
from a life-to-life basis? Of course, you said it was not significant but maybe some quantification?  
 
KUNAL KARAN (CFO, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
The contribution of Integrow in terms of revenue which we have seen in the last quarter where we 
have consolidated the investor’s subsidiary was at around Rs. 3 crores which came into the capital 
segment which is going ahead that will not be available as a revenue in the capital sector.  
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL) 
 
Sorry, it was not very audible, Kunal, if you could speak the number again.  
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
 
KUNAL KARAN (CFO, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
In the quarter 1 results, when Integrow was considered as a subsidiary, the contribution of 
Integrow in terms of revenue was around Rs. 3 crores and this contribution of Rs. 3 crores will not 
come in the financial statement because now with the change from  a subsidiary to an associate, 
there will be no line -by-line consideration of the performance of Integrow in the financial 
statement, so these Rs. 3 crores of revenue from capital segment will move up and the 
performance as you have correctly identified, the net performance of Integrow will come only as 
a percentage and it will get adjusted with the investment of Integrow that we carry in the balance 
sheet. 
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL) 
 
Sorry for harping a little bit more on this particular aspect. So just to understand the accounting 
when we were in a JV structure, I am assuming we were getting our share of revenue and our share 
of loss or profit. Now, it is just a small fraction lower i n terms of the consolidation, so we may 
forego the revenue, but the losses or profit number may not be very different from a consolidation 
point of view. Is that the understanding right?  
 
KUNAL KARAN (CFO, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
No. So in the income statement when it was treated as a subsidiary, the 100% income was reported 
and 100% of its results were reported. Now, going ahead, income will not come, its net 
performance, its net result will come as a separate item and only our percentage of holding that is 
49% will be reported over here.  
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL) 
 
Right. So basically the minority interest item is what is going to get reduced and it will show up 
rather than the share of associated line item? 
 
KUNAL KARAN (CFO, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Yes.  
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL) 
 
And you said Rs. 3 crore as a revenue from Q1, were you mentioning Q1 FY ‘25 because Q1 FY ‘25 
capital revenue overall was also less than Rs. 1.7 crore, are you referring to Q2 of last year or are 
you referring to Q1 FY ‘26?  
 
KUNAL KARAN (CFO, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
No. Part of this income or revenue comes in the form of other income so it was not contributing 
to the segment revenue, but it was contributing to the total income which doesn’t come as a 
segment revenue index. So out of the Rs. 3 crores, around Rs. 1 crore was there in the revenue and 
the rest was there in other income.  
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL) 
 
Got it. That is pretty helpful. And lastly, if I could ask one more, to Ashishji’s comment where he 
was mentioning about this business of distribution also getting into Rs. 200 crores ARR, I think that 
is pretty strong messaging in terms of the scale up of the business. So of course, we are set for this 
Rs. 500 crore ARR what you just alluded to, what should be our strategy in terms of we have to see 
from a really long-term perspective, maybe 3-5 years out, will distribution be a bigger business for 
us to d rive growth or we would see other rental part of the business to drive that next level of 
scale up for us?  
 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Rahul, thank you for your question. So yes, there is a major scale up in the distribution segment. 
We are one of the largest rental management Company in India and now we are becoming larger 
in distribution as well and we do believe that the distribution segment will deliver Rs. 200 crores 
ARR sooner than later. Going forward when you look at a longer -term vision and execution, the 
rental and dist ribution both will have similar contribution and same focus from our side. We 
believe that both businesses are very strong. Both segments are very strong. The time is very large. 
There is a huge need to reimagine the entire segments and we have grown at a very large 
percentage for last few years and we believe that if we continue to execute the way we are 
executing currently, we will be able to deliver a similar revenue growth for both segments going 
forward. So yes, Rs. 200 crores of distribution segment, Rs. 500 crores of ARR is something which 
is our immediate next big stop.  
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL) 
 
And Ashishji, just to further power you into this, it would be great if you could throw some light 
that once we have the PropTiger business also into our thing which we have done for this small bit 
in this quarter as well, how we are going to leverage some of the others scale that we have on our 
distribution? Is there a way to leverage the Analytica als o into the PropTiger business? Is there 
something which erstwhile the earlier founders or operators were not leveraging which we could 
do and speed up the growth on the PropTiger side of the business?  
 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
We believe that there is a direct synergy between Analytica and PropTiger and that is why to start 
with we have made a comment management team to integrate them together. The  is still very 
early days and also I think the real thing is in execution right, but I think strategically and from a 
vision point of view, it makes tremendous sense. We have started to see some synergies already in 
the first 15-20 days that we have kind of  started to take over the management, but as you know 
Rahul specifically that even with NestAway, we took it through a journey and we ensured that we 
get profitable very quickly with NestAway and then start integrating it with HelloWorld. So I am 
assuming that PropTiger will also go to a similar journey, but as far as the synergies are concerned, 
Analytica and PropTiger have great synergies. 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL) 
 
Got it. And this profitability aspect that you touched upon is it basically 2 -3 quarters should be a 
good timeline for it to turn profitable? 
 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
We are a bit impatient in turning around the companies and we are a bit impatient in seeing the 
profitability earlier. So yes, 2-3 quarters can be a great target for seeing a profitable turnaround of 
PropTiger. 
 
RAHUL JAIN (DOLAT CAPITAL) 
 
Interesting. Thanks a lot. That is very helpful.  
 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Thank you so much. 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. Our next question comes from text questions and the question is from the line of Mr. 
Rahul S from Sapphire Capital. And the question is key growth drivers going ahead for H2, what is 
the revenue and PAT guidance for FY ‘26 and FY ‘27?  
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Thanks Rahul for your question. We see 3 key levers to our growth in H2. One is the rental uptake 
in cities like Bangalore. We are also looking forward to the scaling up of the resale model in 
NestAway. Additionally, the new geography that we have opened up at NestAway which is Dubai 
is also supposed to get substantial quantum of revenue in the next 2 quarters.  
 
In the distribution segment, purely products, Analytica has launched a new recommendation 
engine for leads that is supposed to generate more precise lead for real estate projects and 
developers. We see that this will increase our price per lead in the midterm to long term and also 
effectively increase the revenue and retention of existing clients. Sell.Do has started its AI Chatbots 
started onboarding enterprises for AI Chatbots. This is one key area of revenue growth in the 
Sell.Do business. At PropTiger, we intend to now scale up the mandate business as well in addition 
to AOP . PropTiger presently was largely in doing the AOPs for real estate projects. Now, in addition, 
we should be also scaling up the mandate business. So these are the 3 areas that we fee l we will 
get more revenue in the next 2 quarters. As far as guidance, I think we are not allowed to make  
forward looking statements, but if you look at last 4 years, we have consistently delivered a growth 
of 35% and we will continue to do that effectively. We have our eyes on profitability and our  
targeting in the next few quarters, we should be PBT positive as well. To underline this quarter, we 
have achieved adjusted EBITDA positive growth and we will now keep PBT as the next milestone 
to reach profitability.  
 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. We will take the next voice question from the line of Anubhav Anil Goel from Cosma 
Ventures. Please go ahead.  
 
ANUBHAV GOEL (COSMA VENTURES) 
 
Hello, is my voice audible? 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Yes, sir you are audible. Please go ahead. 
 
ANUBHAV GOEL (COSMA VENTURES) 
 
Sir, in HelloWorld, I just wanted to understand we basically own the inventory and take the 
occupancy upside and risk right? So we pay a fixed minimum guarantee amount to the property 
owner? 
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Thanks for your question. A little clarity on this model. HelloWorld is a completely asset light 
model. We do not own the inventory. We purely take it on a lease or revenue share model. 80% of 
our properties are on a lease model where we acquire lease for up to 5 years from property owners 
to manage their properties and generate demand for them, 20% of our properties are in the 
revenue share format. We have not gone on to the model of any minimum guarantees because we 
purely believe that the assets rental v alue should be organically discovered by tenants and 
consumers. 
 
ANUBHAV GOEL (COSMA VENTURES) 
 
Sir, you mentioned 20% is revenue share, so for the remaining 80% if our occupancy is lower, is on 
the lower side, so does the property owner then get a certain minimum amount or it is in a way 
linked to occupancy only? 
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
So the 80% are on pure lease model where we pay a rental lease to the property owners for the 
properties that are acquired as lease and we in turn sublease it to tenants. 
 
ANUBHAV GOEL (COSMA VENTURES) 
 
Sir, that amount would be fixed right for the remaining 80%?  
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
That amount is fixed.  
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 
 
ANUBHAV GOEL (COSMA VENTURES) 
 
Got it. So sir, globally, I think our preference would be more towards getting the 20% revenue share 
higher right versus the 80% and linking it to revenue.  
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Ideally yes, but markets dictate which model do we go for. For example, in difficult markets we are 
able to achieve revenue share as the properties are difficult to generate demand at. However, 
attractive markets where demand for those properties are higher, we are obliged to go with the 
lease sublease model.  
 
ANUBHAV GOEL (COSMA VENTURES) 
 
Got it, sir. So sir, in general, a property owner would prefer a lease model versus a revenue share 
model? 
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
That is correct.  
 
ANUBHAV GOEL (COSMA VENTURES) 
 
All right, sir. Got it. Thank you so much. 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. We will take the next text question from the line of Vishal Gajra from Ambit. And the 
question is at what valuation, multiple of revenue did the PropTiger acquisition happen? Also, what 
are your further thoughts on the acquisition? Which type of companies? What ARR etc.?  
 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Hi, Vishal, this is Rihen here. Thank you so much for your question and welcome on the Earnings 
Call Conference Call. PropTiger valuation was approximately at 1x revenue valuation. For the last 
Financial Year, the revenue was at Rs. 85 crores. So it was at approximately 1x revenue valuation. 
Now, with PropTiger acquisition, we cover the rental and distribution value chain. In rental, we 
cover from student living, young professionals, to family rentals and in distribution, we cover the 
entire value chain which is lead generation, lead management and transaction management. We 
believe that these two growth engines, such is our rental ecosystem and the distribution ecosystem 
is poised to grow ahead. We actively engage with companies and look at newer business m odels 
that are coming into the space. However, we feel that we have a good enough value chain to go 
ahead with the future growth strategy. Thank you.  
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Jameet G and the question is what is 
the reason for the swing in unallocable expenses?  
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
The movement in unallocable expenses. 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Sorry to interrupt sir, your audio is not coming through loudly.  
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Is it clear now? 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
This is much better sir, yes, please go ahead.  
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
The movement in unallocable expenses is primarily due to the movement between the other 
income from Rs. 8.56 crores from the previous quarter to Rs. 5.16 crores for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2025 which is amounting to Rs. 3.40 crores and this reducti on in other income is 
attributable to the Integrow Asset Management company which we have discontinued 
consolidating with effect from 30th September 2025 and that is why there is a swing in the 
unallocable expenses. Apart from that there is a small other income to the tune of 40 lakhs which 
was the interest earned on IT refund in one of our subsidiary K2V2 Technologies Private Limited in 
Q1 which is not there in the current quarter. So collectively, this Rs. 3.40 crores, 3 crores coming 
from Integrow and Rs. 40 lakhs coming from IT refund from K2 V2 is contributing to the swing for 
the unallocable expenses from quarter 1 to quarter 2. Thank you.  
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. Our next text question comes from the line of Rahul Kumar Paliwal from SFO. And the 
question is, reflecting on the past 2 years, what have been the biggest strategic missteps or 
underperforming bets and what changes were made in response? Conver sely, which areas have 
shown unexpected traction or profitability sweet spots and how are these being exploited for 
future growth?  
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Thank you Rahul for your question. Strategic mistakes and underperforming beds, I will not create 
2 separate buckets but student living was a little bit of a dampener. We had expected that student  
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
 
living will grow multifold 6 -8 quarters back; however, because of certain macroeconomic 
headwinds, student living as a sector has faced challenges and this is where we were not able to 
accelerate. We had to move substantial inventory and resources from student living cities like Kota 
which we were looking to go big on, more specifically go into a PropCo/OpCo model and acquire 
more supply. Fortunately, we have always been nimble footed and that allowed us to not incur 
large losses or hits because of this hea dwind in the student living sector. The other, I would say 
learning has been Rental SaaS. Rental SaaS from an enterprise standpoint has not delivered the 
growth expected. We had expected that Rental SaaS in India and abroad will grow to at least 3 
million revenue by this time. However, it has at some point of time now stagnated and we have 
put our thinking caps on to solve this problem statement. The third one is, I am not saying it is a 
strategic mistake, but probably we went faster in the fractional owner ship segment and 
coincidentally the SM REIT regulation also came in a quarter or two. And that now leaves us with 
the fractional ownership inventory which we need to sort of deal with and of course, then onboard 
fresh inventory for the SM REIT model. So these are the three areas that were typically in the same 
buckets of underperforming beds or strategic mistakes. What has been surprising definitely is the 
growth that Aurum Analytica has been able to deliver. We had not expected the scale of Analytica, 
but they have tremendously grown and shown promise in the data analytics driven lead generation 
business. The other surprising factor or rather not surprising factor, but the other good performing 
asset has been of course, HelloWorld. HelloWorld has also not j ust, if you look at the entire co -
living industry, you can look at the peers of HelloWorld. Everybody has grown but at the cost of 
losses, HelloWorld has maintained that robust momentum of growth without incurring substantial 
losses and kudos to the team t here who has been able to show that discipline. So if I could 
summarize, these are the 5 things that we can put in the strategic mistakes and good beds.  
 
KUNAL KARAN, CFO 
 
I think Sell.Do also because of the restructuring that we did, the company also turned around K2V2  
very well so there we could bring down our losses and capital that was getting stuck was recovered 
quite fast and the company become positive within say 2 quarters. Sell.Do also was a good call that 
we have taken that time. 
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Kunal is referring to the restructuring of Sell.Do. That restructuring helped us put focus on Sell.Do 
as a tech business and dealing the services business from that which was possibly a strategic 
mistake when we commenced on to it, but we were able to post correct it quite fast and turn this 
around. Sell.Do has now shown good growth and the teams are also geared up to deliver fabulous 
tech for real estate. I hope we have been able to answer this question.  
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Reuben Mathews from Equity Intelligence. Please 
go ahead. Mr. Reuben Mathew, your line is unmuted. You can unmute the line from your end and 
please proceed with your question.  
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
 
REUBEN MATHEWS (EQUITY INTELLIGENCE) 
 
Congrats on good results this quarter. I had two questions. One is on the SM REIT. I believe you had 
mentioned that you wanted to follow a wait and watch approach. I just want to understand why 
not try to capture the market now, be the first mover and take advantage of that. You spoke a bit 
about inventory for the SM REIT. Can you just elaborate on that also?  
 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
So sir, here I think the type of supply plays to our advantage and helps us to wait and watch. The 
SM REIT table supply across the country is around 38,000 million square feet. These are typically 
start up sold assets across multiple metro cities where there are good occupiers, strong rentals and 
good contracts. So the supply is not going anywhere and what we definitely need to look at is how 
is the investor traction building up for the SM REIT instrument? We are seeing slow uptake. Once 
we see certain volumes in that, we should be able to look at going to market in the SM REIT.  
 
RIHEN SHAH (LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Just to add, this is Rihen here. With REITs the regulation came out in 2014 and we have seen the 
evolution of the regulation over this entire journey till 2025 when we had the largest REIT IPO that 
came out recently in August. We believe that SM REITs will also follow a similar journey where the 
regulation and the product as such will mature. We have just seen 2 SM REIT IPOs till now and we 
believe that we want to be the longest and the biggest SM REIT player in India while ensuring that 
we cater to the supply and also the kind of product that the investors would want. 
 
REUBEN MATHEWS (EQUITY INTELLIGENCE) 
 
And just one question on Nestr Dubai. I just want to understand that business model a little better? 
So how do you operate, can you elaborate on onboarding clients and typically how do you win 
contracts? 
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Nestr Dubai is similar to NestAway India or rather NestAway where we provide rental and property 
management service to property owners and tenants. The NestAway platform offers the discovery 
of properties for tenants and for property owners of course, an avenue to list their properties and 
get tenants discovered. We don’t stop here. It is not merely a digital classified. We go on to further 
fulfill the rental transaction by the way of ensuring that there is fair negotiation, there is right 
documentation dil igence and closure and of course, tenants are then handled across move -
in/move-out. Further, we also go on to manage the property till the time the property’s 
relationship is with us which is typically 5 years and for this, we get 8% commission for each rental 
that is paid by the tenant to the landlord. We also take move-in/move-out charges which are in a 
way covering the host of services that we provide to enable the transaction. Nestr is similar to that. 
What is different definitely is that Dubai is a hig h value market much more organized and also I 
would say mature in terms of rental demand and that is why we thought let us take the tech, let 
us take the brand and let us take our processes to a market which can give us higher value for the 
same business model.  
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
REUBEN MATHEWS (EQUITY INTELLIGENCE) 
 
Yes, definitely. Dubai is the high value market. So just maybe any guidance on how much you expect 
maybe from Nestr in the next year? Anything you can give as a guideline?  
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
So in its early days, we have gone and done some key things which is corporate actions like forming 
teams, taking offices and doing the first few GTMs. We would treat this as a POC for another 
quarter and then of course, go on to scale up, but it is early days for us to pinpoint what is the 
revenue growth. However, most of the Indian broking businesses have got substantial revenue 
coming in from these markets. Without naming them one of the broking businesses which is in 
primary sales generates up to 60% of their revenue from the Dubai market and that is a testament 
of the potential it carries. The said broking business does approximately Rs. 800 crores of annual 
revenue, but it is a pure broking business just for your information. 
 
REUBEN MATHEWS (EQUITY INTELLIGENCE) 
 
Thank you so much.  
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Sunil M, an investor. And the question is are you obliged 
to buy leads from Housing.com after the REA partnership? 
 
ONKAR SHETYE (EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Not really. We are not obliged to buy leads from Housing.com. This is one of the limitations that 
PropTiger had initially when they were a part of the REA group where they were obliged to buy 
leads from Housing.com and they had in a way an embargo to not buy leads from other aggregator 
websites or digital classifiers. So now, that limitation goes away. We have a long-term contract, of 
course with Housing to purchase leads at a fair value at a price that we have negotiated with them. 
However, we will also have similar contracts with other aggregator websites making sure that our 
lead channels are multifold and we are able to get that top of the funnel to close transactions. 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. We will take the next text question from the line of Faisal Hawa from HG Hawa and 
Company. Please go ahead.  
 
FAISAL HAWA (HG Hawa) 
 
Sir, have you ever taken some kind of a valuation as to what the HelloWorld, NestAway and Aurum 
Analytica would be worth if we were to go separately to a private equity fund or to a VC fund 
because I find that a lot of our competitors which are just a little bit ahead of us in terms of revenue, 
but very much behind us on profitability are valued at almost 3x -4x our entire value. So can you 
just give an idea like if even if you could give it to me subsequently what are the biggest parts of 
our business which is NestAway, Hello and Aurum Analytica if we were valued separately by a  
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
 
private equity fund on the same metrics as the other unlisted players what our valuation would 
be? 
 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Faisal bhai, this is Ashish here. So we keep doing this evaluation internally of course every time, 
there is a funding round that happens on the private equity with any of the companies in PropTech. 
Our research team does kind of make that comparison and you are absolutely right that delta is 3-
4x of the current valuations that we have. So most of the companies are at 4-8x of revenue in the 
private equity side. Also what is pertinent here is to that these companies are not making profit 
and that is why they are sort of getting the private equity funding and they are constantly raising 
various rounds whereas for us each and every product of ours is profitable or is very close to 
profitability with a very clear line of vision for profitability and increasing the profitability metrics. 
So the quality of the revenue that we have in the PropTech ecosystem in our PropTech ecosystem 
is far higher than the quality of revenue that some of the companies in private space have and they 
are of course valued a lot more. Bu t yes, we are a public company and we are building it for 
profitability, we are building it for longer term enterprise and that is why our thought process with 
capital and with its deployment for long term is very different than a private equity space.  
 
FAISAL HAWA (HG HAWA) 
 
So in your mind is it that you will have one of these three businesses becoming very large and then 
those cash flows will be probably used to build up the other two businesses or is it in your mind 
that one of these businesses could become very large and then you get accordingly so that we get 
shareholder’s full value for our for our investments?  
 
ASHISH DEORA (FOUNDER & CEO, AURUM VENTURES, DIRECTOR AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
As far as the business side is concerned, we believe that HelloWorld, NestAway, PropTiger, Sell.Do, 
Analytica and SM REIT all the 6 businesses will become extremely big and they have shown that 
that sign, they have shown that maturity. We believe that heavy lifting in all these 6 businesses are 
already done, not as much as in SM REIT, but in the other 5 even more. In SM REIT, since the 
licensing process is done and the time which Onkar spoke about is already so large , we believe, 
and because we come from th e real estate side, we understand real estate business. We believe 
there also we are in a great position to become the largest in the country. So our belief is not 
restricted to one or two of the companies. Our belief is across the 6 companies and the 6 products 
which are going to be very big. Even a very small product of ours which is loan origination is 
showing great promise. So there is a huge demand that is yet unmet in the country that needs to 
be serviced and served. We have to do it responsibly. We have to do it with better capital 
deployment and that is what we are trying to do quarter-on-quarter.  
 
FAISAL HAWA (HG HAWA) 
 
Thank you very much. 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. Dear participants, while we do have some more questions in the queue, due to paucity 
of time, we will have to conclude this call today. I now hand the conference over to Vanessa for 
closing remarks. 
 
VANESSA FERNANDES (INVESTOR RELATIONS, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED) 
 
Thank you, Sagar and thank you everyone for joining us today. Quarter 2 has been a meaningful 
step forward one that reflects our continued focus on disciplined growth and sustainable 
profitability. As we expand our footprint and strengthen our ecosystem, w e do so with renewed 
conviction in the long-term value we are creating together. We look forward to staying connected 
with all of you and sharing our progress in the quarters ahead. Please feel free to reach out to our 
Investor Relations team and we will b e happy to take any further questions offline. Thank you so 
much. Wishing you and your families a very Happy Diwali.  
 
SAGAR THAKKAR (MODERATOR) 
 
Thank you. Thank you very much to the members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen,  on 
behalf of Aurum PropTech Limited, concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now exit the meeting 
 