SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/CYIENT-Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript_2.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
Cyient Ltd.        4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software                              CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
                            Units Layout, Madhapur                                        www.cyient.com 
                            Hyderabad -500 081                                               Company.secretary@cyient.com 
                            India                                                                           T +91 40 6764 1000  
                                                                                                                F +91 40 2311 0352 
 
01 June 2026 
 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Ltd                                                 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor 
 
 
 
          Exchange Plaza 
                                                                                
Dalal Street  
 
 
 
 
          Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E)                                                     
Mumbai 400 001. 
 
 
 
          Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip Code: 532175 
 
          Scrip Code: CYIENT 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call held on 26 May 2026 on the subject 
“Semiconductor Strategic Financing Transaction and Growth Roadmap.” 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
For Cyient Limited 
 
 
Ravi Kumar Nukala 
Dy. Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
RAVI KUMAR 
NUKALA
Digitally signed by 
RAVI KUMAR NUKALA 
Date: 2026.06.01 
20:55:59 +05'30'

===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Cyient Semiconductors 
Conference Call” 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – CYIENT 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SHRINIVAS KULKARNI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – CYIENT LIMITED 
 
MR. SUMAN NARAYAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
CYIENT SEMICONDUCTORS 
 
MRS. RAMYA MOHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CYIENT SEMICONDUCTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Cyient Semiconductor Conference Call hosted 
by Cyient Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu, Executive Vice Chairman and Managing Director 
from Cyient Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Bodanapu. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Along with me on this call are 
Mr. Shrinivas Kulkarni who is the CFO of Cyient; Mr. Suman Narayan, who is the CEO of 
Cyient Semiconductors; and Mrs. Ramya Mohan, who is the CFO of Cyient Semiconductors. 
 
I am delighted to share an update on behalf of Cyient Semiconductors since today is a significant 
date not just for Cyient, but for India's semiconductor story. About a year ago, as you know, we 
carved out Cyient Semiconductors with a clear ambitious mandate to become India's first and 
largest fabless semiconductor company, owning IP and delivering chips. In 12 months, we have 
moved fast. We've built strategic partnerships with GlobalFoundries, Navitas and MIPS. We 
won the semiconductor complex of India modernization program, which is a landmark program 
for India's semiconductor self-sufficiency. And we made a very ambitious and defining 
acquisition of Kinetic Technologies, which fundamentally shifted our model towards custom 
silicon and proprietary products. This is a products and IP company and an R&D play to create 
a sustainable and substantial model for the future. 
 
And today, I'm proud to announce that Cyient Semiconductors has signed a definitive agreement 
for its first external funding route, a total of INR300 crores with equity valuation at INR4,650 
crores from EAAA Alternatives who were formerly known as Edelweiss Alternatives. This is 
the first tranche of our fund raise. This is Cyient Semiconductor formally stepping out as an 
independent company with its own identity with its own capital structure and its own ambitious 
plan for growth. 
 
What was encouraging for me is over the last few months, we've had a lot of inbound interest 
from marquee investors from global funds, from strategic players, and we are delighted to sign 
this definitive agreement with EAAA, our first partner in this journey. Going forward, we will 
continue to partner with right partners who will add value beyond capital to us. Cyient is also 
committed to our original investment thesis of up to $100 million based on capital needs and 
context of our group companies. 
 
We believe this is a period where disciplined investment can create disproportionate value in the 
long term, particularly as the Indian semiconductor ecosystem grows into a strong, vibrant 
globally sustainable player. As a growth state semiconductor company, we will continue 
evaluating capital requirements based on market opportunities, product road map expansion and 
strategic acquisitions. 
 
However, we will also remain disciplined on dilution and capital efficiency. I want to highlight 
three things. First, as I've said before, most experts concur that power is the single biggest 
bottleneck for data centers. While new power plants are coming up, they are not coming up fast 

===== PAGE 4 =====
 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
enough, which means that optimization is the only way that we can generate enough power for 
the data centers. The share of power for data centers is going up from 2% in 2025 to 8% in 2030. 
 
We at Cyient Semiconductors are building power solutions to enable AI scale and accelerate 
faster. In order to create a differentiated solution here and win in this space, we need to accelerate 
our business quickly from a services-led model towards a product and IP-led semiconductor 
model. The second is that the market timing is exceptional. India's semiconductor mission is a 
national priority, which has government backing, policy trade tailwinds and a growing demand 
base. We're not just riding the wave; we're building the infrastructure that makes the wave 
possible. And this just makes the timing ideal for a fund raise now. 
                                                Lastly and most importantly, we are early. USD500 million valuation today for a company with 
this technology, these partnerships, this pipeline and this market background is a good testament 
of what is expected to come. Semiconductors companies valuations are driven by IP, future 
potential revenues and the market that we serve, and we are confident that we are very well 
positioned to avail this opportunity. The capital that we are raising will directly go into R&D, 
lab infrastructure and working capital to execute on our growth road map. Every rupee is going 
towards building modes, these are technology modes that take years to replicate and are 
impossible to copy. I have been in this industry for a long time, and I do not say this lightly when 
I say we are building at Cyient semiconductors a once in a generation opportunity and 
organization. This intersection of India's ambition, global semiconductor demand and AI power 
demand has created a window. We intend to own the window that this opportunity creates. I'm 
confident that you'll see a lot more from us in this sector in the coming days, and I'm excited to 
keep engaged with you. For now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Suman Narayan CEO 
of Cyient Semiconductors to talk through the business update.  
Suman Narayan: 
Thank you, Krishna. I want to give you all a clear picture of where Cyient Semiconductor stands 
today and why we believe the next couple of years are going to be fundamentally pivotal for our 
semiconductor story. As Krishna said, we are building one of the most differentiated 
semiconductor companies in India, deep custom chip capability, proprietary products, power 
semiconductors and a front row seat to two of the biggest structural trends in the industry right 
now, the AI data center power evolution and India semiconductor mission with a goal to become 
the largest custom power semiconductor company based in India. 
 
Our business today operates across 3 complementary areas. First, semiconductor design services 
where we provide advanced IC development and chip engineering for leading fabless 
semiconductor companies and IDMs globally, second custom ASIC turnkey solutions where we 
design and develop custom silicon platforms strengthened with our foundry and OSAT 
partnerships for customers requiring differentiated architectures and long product life cycles. 
We are a one-stop shop for silicon. 
 
Third, and more strategically, the power application-specific standard products, where we are 
building proprietary silicon products and IP that create scalable and recurring revenue streams. 
To accelerate this vision, in March 2026, we completed the acquisition of Kinetic Technologies 
for approximately $85 million. 

===== PAGE 5 =====
 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
 
The acquisition significantly expands our low-voltage power semiconductor portfolio, 
strengthens our customer reach as meaningful analog and power management IP along with the 
proven product road map. In partnership with Navitas as well, we launched 7 new GaN products, 
specifically targeting the Indian market. 
 
Let me tell you about 5 wins that I believe define this company. First, we built a robust 
partnership across the semiconductor ecosystem with companies like Global Foundries for 
competitive wafer pricing, with MIPS for partnership for us to create intelligent power solutions, 
with Anora for test and validation at scale and with Navitas for access to GaN technology. We 
also onboarded key industry veterans across the semiconductor industry as our advisers. 
 
Second, we have built the first set of robust leaders across senior and mid management with 
deep expertise to execute in semiconductors. Third, power semiconductors represent one of the 
fastest-growing segments of the semiconductor industry today. With our acquisition and internal 
investment in low- and high-voltage product strategies, we're positioning Cyient semiconductors 
to participate in the addressable market opportunity of approximately $8.5 billion. Fourth, we 
also continue to strengthen our innovation and industry leadership position. 
 
And during the year, we filed 4 patents focused on high-voltage DC architecture and advanced 
delivery systems for AI data centers along with NVIDIA, Google, Meta and other hyperscalers 
and infrastructure companies, we're also contributing members of the open compute platforms, 
(OCP), helping shape the next-generation AI data center power architecture and infrastructure 
standards. 
 
And finally, commercially, our ASIC pipeline includes approximately $100 million of qualified 
opportunities, and we were selected as the L1 bidder on the SCL semiconductor modernization 
initiative, one of India's flagship semiconductor programs supported by the government of India. 
In parallel, we continue to invest aggressively in internally developed next-generation high-
voltage power semiconductor custom products. 
 
As Krishna highlighted, FY26 was focused on building the foundation for long-term growth, 
strengthening our sales engine, execution capability, R&D investments, IP portfolio and 
strategic partnerships. In FY27, our focus shifts to execution at scale, successfully integrating 
with Kinetic accelerating our ASSP product road map and converting our growing ASIC and 
ASSP into sustained revenue growth. 
 
So, in summary, these investments that we talked about are going to help us with expanding our 
power semiconductor road map, including GaN and intelligent power solutions, scaling our 
ASSP and ASIC product development and R&D, integration and growth initiatives following 
the Kinetic acquisition and increased investments in sales channels, building our ecosystem 
partnerships and global engagement with our customers. 
 
We believe we are at an important inflection point. The acquisition is complete; the pipeline is 
strengthening the market opportunities around intelligent power and AI infrastructure continue 
to expand rapidly. For decades, India has designed chips for the world. We believe that the next 
chapter is building globally relevant semiconductor products from India. 

===== PAGE 6 =====
 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
 
That is a company that we're building at Cyient semiconductors. A semiconductor company that 
is Indian in origin, global in ambition and strategically positioned for the next decade of AI and 
semiconductor growth. I will now hand over this to Ramya, our CFO, to talk about the specifics 
of the deal. 
Ramya Mohan: 
Thank you, Suman. Before we get into the Q&A, let me take a few minutes to address the 
questions, I know many of you will have after reading the press release and the SEBI disclosure 
yesterday. The first question, why raise the external debt when there is cash with the parent? As 
Krishna and Suman highlighted, the growth opportunity in front of us is massive. Building 
differentiated semiconductor products demands long-cycle R&D investments, sustained product 
development, customer qualification cycles and the ability to support complex execution 
programs over multiple years. 
 
Since financing structure gives Cyient semiconductor the dedicated capital base and the strategic 
flexibility needed to accelerate road map investments, it creates real operational discipline and 
financial separation from the parent. Our goal is to build Cyient Semiconductors as a stand-alone 
business with its own governance, its own accountability and its own long-term optionality that 
includes potentially a future spin-off path. The second one being why debt financing and not 
equity financing. As Krishna mentioned, when he was speaking, we had a lot of interest on the 
equity side. Multiple capital pools approached us and those conversations are still ongoing. 
 
But we made a deliberate choice not to issue a large amount of equity at this stage to protect it 
against dilution and preserve the shareholder value we are working to create. Debt at this stage 
was simply the more flexible instrument. The next question, why not a bank debt over a structure 
financing debt. As we started evaluating our options, bank debt with a structured financing. It 
was clear that debt financing gave us flexibility to manage the cash outlay. And we have the 
ability to bring in debt and equity together in a combined structure at a valuation we believe is 
right for the company at this pace of growth term transformation. And then the next question, 
the valuation of $500 million. There are 3 ways to think about the valuation of the round that we 
just raised. This valuation roughly works out to be 6x revenue to 7x revenue, depending on 
which revenue we consider, FY26 or '27. The way to think about it is along these 3 lines: trading 
comparables with global semiconductor companies. Most semiconductor companies today are 
trading anywhere between 5x to 15x revenue depending on their profile. These are the big names 
in the industry, and all of these are larger, low-growth established companies. And if you look 
at smaller, high-growth companies, including our own partners, the trading multiples are much 
higher. Compared to those, the 6x revenue is extremely well aligned to the market. 
                                                Comparing recent M&A transactions. If you look at some of the recent M&A transactions, again, 
publicly available information, the valuation paid is upwards of 10x revenue. What is factored 
into the price in semiconductor valuation is not today's revenue. But today's IP and product road 
map, which will lead to tomorrow's revenue and moat. And lastly, the only listed company in 
India focused on services is trading at upwards of 7x after all the market corrections. So, when 
you put it all together, we believe $500 million valuation is a well-grounded number. Yes, 
semiconductor is a new industry for India, but the capital markets around the world, do not value 
a semiconductor industry, just for today's revenue but actually for future potential. 

===== PAGE 7 =====
 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
I also want to highlight that we continue to receive significant inbound interest, and we'll 
continue to engage, but selectively. We're not in a rush, and we're not going to dilute for the sake 
of dilution. If and when we bring in additional partners, it will be because, they had general 
strategic value. We will take our time to get that right. With this, I will hand it over back to the 
moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a 
question, may press star and one on your touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets while 
asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. The first question comes from the line of Stavan Thakkar with Kriis PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Stavan Thakkar: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Are we expecting anything on the Navitas side for NVIDIA, 
this year or the year after? 
Suman Narayan: 
I think obviously, Navitas will be in a better position to comment for the NVIDIA side of the 
equation. But they're on the reference design for the NVIDIA board from a Navitas standpoint. 
We are working closely with Navitas to get GaN enabled in India, and the 7 products that we 
launched in India are primarily on the 650 volts of GaN. 
Stavan Thakkar: 
Okay. And have you guys developed any GaN technologies for the 800-volt BUS architecture? 
Suman Narayan: 
Yes. We are actively working not just on the GaN side of the equation for the 800-volt 
architecture. We are working on the 800-volt to 50-volt power architecture, and GaN will be one 
of the components of that architecture. 
Stavan Thakkar: 
Okay. Can you give us specifics, any sort of pipeline sort of orders that could be coming in, in 
the next year or so? 
Suman Narayan: 
So, it is pretty early in the 800-volt architecture. As I said, we're part of the open compute 
platform right now, the OCP, open compute project, where we are actually working on defining 
that architecture. 
Stavan Thakkar: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chinmaya Bhargava with Badrinath Holdings.  
Chinmaya Bhargava: 
I have a question on the Navitas partnership in India that you spoke about. Can you tell us if you 
have a distribution partner or how you aim to get these parts into either domestic data center 
build out or in other high-power application? 
Suman Narayan: 
Yes. So, we just recently hired someone to head our sales in India as of last week. He hails both 
from Arrow as well as from Texas Instruments. The gentleman is actually evaluating distribution 
companies right now to work through the India ecosystem. So, we will have that solved in the 
next month or so from a distribution standpoint. 
Chinmaya Bhargava: 
Small follow-up on the pipeline that you said that has about $100 million, could you talk about 
which end in the industry that's currently. How that's broken up? 

===== PAGE 8 =====
 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Suman Narayan: 
Yes. So, our ASIC and ASSP pipeline is usually targeting industrial and medical applications, 
that's where bulk of our pipeline is based out of. 
Chinmaya Bhargava: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pratik Kulkarni with Koch Wealth Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Pratik Kulkarni: 
So, in the beginning brief note, you said that there are 3 segments in the semiconductor company, 
design service, custom ASIC turnkey solutions and power applications semiconductor product. 
Could you just give me an expected mix from revenue contribution from each of the segments? 
And what margins you think? What would be the strongest in segment among the three? And 
like, first, you would target the turnkey solutions and then move towards the design service and 
more towards power applications. So how is that dynamic? 
Ramya Mohan: 
So today, Power ASSPs including Kinetic is roughly 50% to 60% of our business. The rest of 
the business is split between services and ASIC turnkey. As we progress and we develop our 
own products which we are working on, we do believe that ASSP revenue share will increase in 
the next 3-4 years, because there is an R&D development cycle of almost 2 years to 3 years for 
the product to commercialize. From a gross margin standpoint, ASSP given it is product and IP 
driven will have the highest gross margin typically in the 50% to 60% range, depending on which 
customer segment you sell, followed by custom ASIC turnkey followed by services. Now in the 
near term, we do believe that custom ASIC turnkey will grow faster compared to the other 
segments. But in the longer term, ASSP will continue to remain a significant portion of our 
business. 
Pratik Kulkarni: 
Okay, Ramya. Second question would be in the custom ASIC turnkey solutions. Mostly will be 
which foundries would be using for providing manufacturing services for our customers? 
Suman Narayan: 
So primarily today, our custom ASICs are using the TSMC foundry. We use the 180-nanometer 
Gen2 primarily for our custom ASICs, and some of them also have a dual chip on them. So, for 
the microcontroller, we might be in a 40 or 55-nanometer also from TSMC, but we will be 
transitioning some of those opportunities with the Global Foundries as well moving forward. 
Pratik Kulkarni: 
Okay, sir. Thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jimit with Emkay Global.  
Jimit: 
I just have a few questions. One is with respect to the Kinetic acquisition that we did. So, is it a 
complete fabless sort of solution that we have or do we have any sort of in-house manufacturing 
there? Second, in terms of the Semicon financing that we did so previously, we did Kinetic 
acquisition that was out of the consol balance sheet cash. So are we looking to fund any more 
Semicon initiatives with the DET as a balance sheet? Or are we just looking at external pathways 
as an option going forward? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
I'll let Suman answer the first part of the question on Kinetic, and then I'll answer the second. 

===== PAGE 9 =====
 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Suman Narayan: 
Today, Kinetic is a fully operational fabless semiconductor platform and with product execution 
and customer programs and capable ASSP infrastructure, as we talked about, it's about 250 
products and 100 IP from a patent portfolio standpoint. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
On the funding, Cyient remains committed, like I said, to the $100 million. We've already put 
in about $30 million. So, rest of the money is available. Depending on what opportunities are 
available, and what is the best use of capital, etc. we will definitely put in more funding if it 
comes to that. But we think that at this point, it is best that Cyient Semiconductor has its own 
capital structure, because if I may just draw a parallel to Cyient DLM the way semiconductor 
business works is more like a DLM kind of a structure where you do have a higher capital 
investment, you have design, which takes upfront capital or upfront money, etc. So, we think it's 
better that Cyient Semiconductor has its own independent capital structure with the kind of 
investors that want to participate in that capital structure, and we thought this was a good starting 
point. Therefore, we will take any decisions in that construct or keeping that in mind. But if 
required or not just as required, if it makes sense for Cyient, especially if there is something 
around design that Cyient would want to co-invest with Cyient Semiconductor. In that case, 
absolutely, we would be willing, able to support with the rest of that $70 or so million that's 
available. 
Jimit: 
Okay thank you for the answers. Just if I can squeeze in one follow-up question. So as far as I 
understand, the initial GaN portfolio that we have essentially targets around 650-volt 
applications from that includes the AI DC power supplies that we have and even USB, Laptop 
Chargers, adapters and those kinds of other solutions. So, I checked that the Navitas is actually 
exiting the low-margin business, which is the consumer mobile end. So, what are we kind of 
looking at in terms of our portfolio buildup as we move ahead in the build-outs phase. If you can 
just share some broad thoughts on this? 
Suman Narayan:  
Yes. Actually, it's a good question. If you look at some of the adapters that we have, a lot of the 
adapters are starting to migrate to GaN, especially on the laptop side as well of the segment. So 
that does use a lot of the 650-volt. So, I think over time, what we will see the migration to with 
the higher voltage and 800-volt class architectures as well as the higher density power supplies 
the infrastructure, power delivery, industrial and intelligent power solutions. So, it will be a 
higher-margin, differentiated power semiconductor solutions as we kind of partner or close deal 
with Navitas. 
Jimit: 
Okay, thank you for your answer on this. If I want to summarize, you are trying to focus more 
on the AI Power DC side but right now, the portfolio allocation also includes the adapters and 
chargers sort of variant. Is that right understanding? 
Suman Narayan: 
The 650-volt GaN is actually applicable across multiple applications. So yes, today, I think if 
you look at it, our primary market for GaN has been the charges, but they are migrating to a lot 
of the other power supplies as well especially on the industrial power supply side. 
Jimit: 
Perfect, sir. And just one last question in terms of your growth prospects that we are looking at 
for semicon. So, we initially mentioned in the last earnings call that we are looking to break even 
by FY27 and FY28. So is that intact or given more of our investments going forward, we are 
shifting our goalpost to that you mentioned earlier, just from light on that, please. Thank you. 

===== PAGE 10 =====
 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Ramya Mohan: 
Yes. They're still looking at a breakeven, but as we're speaking to the investors and as we see 
market opportunities, given the growth expectations and the momentum that we're building, 
we're looking to see what is the right way to generate or extract value. So, for now, we are still 
looking at a breakeven late FY27, early FY28. But based on the investor conversations, we'll 
come back. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
And I'll just say that from a Board perspective and a Cyient investment perspective also. I think 
what we are seeing is the opportunity is very, very significant. Of course, we'll have to make the 
trade-off in the right sort of balance between growth and profitability. But at this point, I we 
won't let go of an opportunity or we won't not invest in an opportunity because I think the 
opportunity set that is available to us is very, very significant. So, I just want to say, I mean, our 
intent, of course, remains that we break even quickly. But I would just say maybe a quarter or 
two shift, we wouldn't worry too much or I wouldn't worry too much as an investor because just 
the opportunity set is also here and now, and we don't want to lose out because we don't have 
any investment dollars. And creating that investment dollars is also obviously one of the key 
reasons why we've gone down the fund-raising path. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Jimit please rejoin the queue for more questions. The next question comes from 
the line of Moez Chandani with Ambit.  
Moez Chandani: 
First, I just want to understand the destructuring for the fund raise and the debt that you've 
announced. Can I get a sense of how much is the debt raised at, what interest rate has been raised 
at?  
Ramya Mohan: 
So, the deal is a combination of debt and equity, debt at 200 crores, equity at 100 crores. It's a 
competitive rate. We can't disclose the rate because we're still not close to deal. 
Moez Chandani: 
All right. Understood. And then just on the related terms, we completed the Kinetic acquisition 
on April 8. So, can I just get a sense of how the deal is structured? Is there any equity, is there 
any cash payout that you're doing? How are you raising funds for the cash? Is it equity from 
Cyient Semiconductors' balance sheet? Is it further debt that you expect to make for the 
payment? Or are you expecting infusions from the parent company into Cyient Semiconductor? 
Ramya Mohan: 
Sorry, you're asking how did we fund Kinetic? 
Moez Chandani: 
Yes. 
Ramya Mohan: 
We funded Kinetic through debt raised at Singapore entity because we got pretty good rates and 
we felt like that's a good use of our capital. 
Moez Chandani: 
Understood. So, the acquisition was funded entirely by debt raised by the Singapore entity, is 
my understanding correct? 
Ramya Mohan: 
That's right. 
Moez Chandani: 
Okay. Perfect. And then also just to understand that. I understand your EBIT profitability targets 
maybe end up by FY27, early FY28. Any sense of PAT profitability when do you expect to get 
that? 

===== PAGE 11 =====
 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Ramya Mohan: 
I mean in the lighter vein and say we'll get to EBIT profitability first, and PAT profitability 
because our focus right now is business growth, building the right product segment and aiding 
the growth. That's where a lot of our focus is right now at. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Chandani please rejoin the queue for more questions. The next question comes 
from the line of Sandeep Shah with Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity I do agree where size is small, opportunity is big. But the issue 
in the ASIC and custom design, sometimes the end product also has a lot of innovation in terms 
of new chips coming in the market at a gap of 6 to 9 months which we are seeing from NVIDIA 
because what they launched 6 months before may not be relevant 6 months after. So how will 
we make sure on a longer-term basis the scale will keep happening without leaking buckets in 
terms of revenue growth? 
Suman Narayan: 
I'll take that question. So having been in the semiconductor industry for the last 30 years, I think 
that's true of any chip development. There's always progress being made every day. What I can 
tell you is based on my experience, you have to be tightly coupled with the customers that you're 
working with. And today, on the ASSP business, the customer relationships are very strong. So, 
if you're defining an ASSP, which is an application-specific standard product, then the customers 
help you with their definition and they, by default, are the teaching customers. So, they have a 
good view of what's going to happen in the 9 to 11 months out from when the chip comes out.  
So, we believe we are in tight partnerships with our customers, both on the high voltage and on 
the low voltage Kinetic side. So, we have a good understanding of what the market needs are. 
And that's also the reason why Krishna highlighted the need for R&D. If you look at an average 
semiconductor company, they continue to buy, burn R&D for new product development. 
Sandeep Shah:  
Yes, thanks. And just a question in terms of Kinetic energy debt. That will also flow through the 
Semiconductor balance sheet, not the parent. So, the earlier debt which we have taken is closer 
to $90-$95 million to fund the candidate. And over and above that, there will be additional $20 
million through the transaction we just announced? 
Ramya Mohan: 
That's right, 80 plus 20, 100 in total on semiconductor balance sheet. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And this totally would be foreign currency debt? 
Ramya Mohan: 
No, the 80 will be foreign, the 20 is India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Krishna Bodanapu for closing comments. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much, and thanks, everyone, for joining, especially in the middle of a trading 
day. As I said, this is a very exciting opportunity for us and one that we're very keen to capitalize 
on. We are in a very interesting convergence of opportunities, both the India story, the use of 
semiconductors in various industries. Of course, the geopolitics with diversification from certain 
geographies. But I'll say, most importantly, Cyient's capabilities. I think over the last couple of 
years, we've built some fantastic capabilities, both in digital and more importantly, in mixed-
signal digital and analog and I think it's time to leverage on those capabilities.  

===== PAGE 12 =====
 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
I think we've built a fantastic team. Obviously, two members of the team are here, but more 
importantly or equally importantly, there's a whole technology team that supports the new 
product design and who are focused on creating these new ASSPs and intellectual properties 
that can support growth. So, we are very excited about where things stand. And I think the 
opportunity will play out in a very meaningful manner, very quickly, and I don't think this is 
something that we'll have to wait for a very long time. It will play out very quickly. So, thank 
you very much for being here and listening to our story, and thank you very much for the support.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Cyient Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
                                                This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made 
to ensure high level of accuracy. 
