SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/ONWARDTEC-Concall_Jan_2026_Transcript.pdf

===== PAGE 1 =====
Mumbai | Pune | Chennai | Bengaluru | Hyderabad | Chicago | Detroit | London | Munich | Amsterdam | Toronto 
 
Regd. address. : 2nd floor, Sterling Centre, Dr. A.B. Road, Worli, Mumbai 400018. Tel: +91 22 24926570  
CIN: L28920MH1991PLC062542 | email: compliance@onwardgroup.com  | website: www.onwardgroup.com  
 
 
                             
 
Ref No.: OTL/Secretarial/SE/2025-26/69 
 
Date: January 23, 2026 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Plot No. C/1 'G' Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400051 
 
Ref: Scrip Code - BSE: 517536 NSE: ONWARDTEC 
 
Sub:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure            
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Investor’s Conference 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of Analyst and 
Investor Conference Call for the quarter ended December 31, 2025, held on Friday,  
January 16, 2026. The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call                         
Q3 FY 2025-26 Earnings Call Transcript.pdf 
Request you to take the same on record. 
 
For Onward Technologies Limited 
  
 
Aakash Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No:- A60953 
Aakash Pankaj Joshi
Digitally signed by Aakash Pankaj 
Joshi 
Date: 2026.01.23 14:37:02 +05'30'

===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Onward Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JIGAR MEHTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ONWARD TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. JYOTI GUPTA – E&Y LLP, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Onward Technologies Limited Q3FY26 
Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jyoti Gupta from EY Investor Relations. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Jyoti Gupta: 
Thank you, Bhumi. Good evening to all of you. Welcome to the Q3FY26 Earnings Call of 
Onward Technologies Limited. The results and presentation have already been being mailed to 
you, and you can also view them on our website:  www.onwardgroup.com.  
To take us through the details today and to answer your questions, we have with us Mr. Jigar 
Mehta, Managing Director of Onward Technologies Limited. He will start the call with the 
business update and financial performance for the quarter which will be then followed by a Q&A 
session. 
 
As usual, I would like to remind you that anything that is said on this call that reflects any outlook 
for future or which can be construed as a forward-looking statement must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are 
included, but not limited to what we have mentioned in prospectus filed with SEBI and 
subsequent annual reports that you can find in our website. 
 
Having said that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Jigar Mehta.  
Jigar Mehta: 
Thank you. Good evening, and a warm welcome to all of you joining us today for our Q3 
earnings call. It’s always a pleasure to connect with you every quarter and share the progress our 
teams are making across Onward Technologies. I hope you’ve had a chance to go through the 
press release and earnings deck we released post the Board meeting earlier today. Let me start 
with a quick overview of what we are trying to do at Onward Tech, a bit about the last nine 
months, and of course, the last 90 days in particular. 
 
From an Onward Tech perspective, we shared in early 2026 that our goal is to deliver double-
digit revenue growth and double-digit EBITDA growth for the next three consecutive years. At 
the same time, we are building a leadership team, where we move from a promoter-driven 
organization, that is me, to a professionally led, vertical-led leadership structure. 
 
Let me throw some light on that. I’m very pleased to share that the entire leadership team is now 
in place. We have three vertical heads leading the business. The largest vertical is our IEHM 
vertical, where a new leader joined us last week and is currently settling in. Then, we have 
Pratish Mehta leading our HCLS vertical, and third is our new hire from last year, who is leading 
our T&M vertical based in Pune. We want them to settle in, and we’ll be very happy to introduce 
all of them to you over the next couple of weeks and quarters. We also hope to plan an Analyst 
Day very soon in Mumbai. With this, I plan to step back from day-to-day operations from 10 

===== PAGE 4 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
years of driving day to day operations and focus on long-term strategy and client engagement, 
while the three leaders build and scale the business with existing clients.  
 
The focus across the three businesses is very straightforward. In the IEHM vertical, the focus 
will be completely on delivery-led growth. As you already know, we have marquee clients and 
are currently focused on one geography which is North America. The key opportunity is to build 
an execution engine how to scale these 40 plus relationships. And second, is to expand big into 
Europe, which is a completely new territory for us in this vertical.  
The second vertical is Transportation & Mobility, where we’ve had a strong presence in the 
GCC market in India, and now we’ve added a leader with U.S. and European experience who is 
building his team across Europe and the U.S. The first focus is to build a very strong 
organization, transition our existing relationships into global markets, and then offshore a 
significant part of the work, which will lead to substantial margin expansion. This vertical 
continues to remain steady. We remain focused only on few large OEM customers in USA and 
Europe.   
 
The third vertical is HCLS which is relatively new for us. We’ve won some good client 
engagements, and now it’s about how fast we can deepen and grow those relationships. Over the 
next one to three years, I believe this will be a very exciting vertical for us. 
 
Now, coming back to the quarter, the last nine months have been historic. This has been the best 
period of my career, the best for my team, and the best for Onward Technologies. We delivered 
INR 411.8 crores in revenue, representing 11.7% growth on an annual basis, very much in line 
with our guidance. Our EBITDA margin has also come in much ahead, at 13.9% for the first 
nine months. Last year, when I spoke about double-digit EBITDA, we were expecting around 
11–12%, but we are well ahead, predominantly driven by the fact that the majority of new 
business signed has been on offshore engagements. 
 
In terms of the last quarter, once again, we are very happy with the final outcome. Revenue stood 
at INR 136.1 crores, while we were expecting to be a bit lower. If you remember, over the last 
two years, most of our customers, especially GCCs in India and automotive clients outside India, 
had huge furloughs during this period. This time, however, we budgeted more effectively, and 
our teams were well prepared. While customers continued with furloughs, from an annual 
perspective, we had already planned and budgeted at the start of the year.  Obviously, we are not 
playing a quarterly game. Several other client engagements and contracts ramped up, bringing 
us very close to Q2 revenue levels. EBITDA also continued to improve, predominantly driven 
by offshore margin expansion, leveraging our delivery capabilities.  
 
In line with this, as shared earlier in the year, we budgeted a huge capex investment in India to 
support offshore expansion. We upgraded our infrastructure in Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, and 
Hyderabad. Pune and Hyderabad are now running at full capacity, and with the addition of 
Chennai, we’ve opened up a few hundred additional seats. This gives us enough bandwidth to 
grow new engagements and expand further. So, going into 2026, the majority of our new 
offshore headcount addition will be in Chennai. 

===== PAGE 5 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
 
To summarize our focus areas, on the IEHM side, the focus remains delivery-led growth, and 
we have an excellent leader in place whom I’m very excited to work with. He’s inheriting strong 
teams that have delivered phenomenal CAGR over the past several years. The focus will be 
transitioning a majority of the business towards digital and AI services.  
 
In the T&M vertical, the GCC business remains strong and steady and is expected to grow at a  
double-digit rate every year. The revenue growth will come as we open up large OEM clients in 
Europe and the U.S., particularly on the embedded and digital side. Initially, this work will be 
on-site, but over time it will transition offshore. 
 
This is a very crowded automotive space, and we need to find our own niche. We’re seeing 
positive traction, with a lot of meetings and workshops. We believe we’ll find the right niche 
that can help us grow 5x, 10x from here. As shared earlier, we’ve already signed OEM customers 
in Europe and the U.S. It’s going to be fun as we find our way with these OEMs, driven by hiring 
the right people and building a workforce that works harder and smarter than anyone else.  
 
HCLS is fairly straightforward, we need to continue investing, building credibility, and 
deepening client engagements. We see an amazing runway for this vertical over the next few 
years. 
 
From a financial perspective, our DSO continues to improve and now stands at 70 days at the 
end of Q3 FY26. Attrition has reduced to 14.73%, and our headcount stands at 2,491 employees. 
This is also the period when we complete a comprehensive performance and reality check across 
the organization which leads to reduction of the bottom 5% contributors.  
 
We completed our appraisal process in July, and effective October 1, we implemented 
increments, good increments for top performers, backed by client rate increases. As a growing 
company, we take big bets and hire aggressively, but not everyone is successful, despite trying 
their best. This quarter allows us to move on from such situations. 
 
While we take a one-time hit in Q2 and Q3, it gives individuals an opportunity to build their 
careers elsewhere and allows us to start fresh, as we enter a new calendar year. A significant 
number of senior exits happen in Q3, particularly across delivery and sales, and we bring in an 
equal or higher number of new leaders. As a result, Q3 is typically the busiest quarter for us. 
This period helps us prepare for the next calendar and financial year by learning what worked, 
what didn’t, which customers can be scaled, and which verticals, LOBs, and product areas we 
should go deeper into, driven by customer feedback. 
 
We remain fully committed to our goals. While we are currently ahead of where we want to be 
as of today, our goal for 2026 and 2027 continues to remain the same, which is to consistently 
deliver double-digit annual revenue growth and double-digit EBITDA growth year-on-year. 
 
Thank you very much, and with this, I’ll now hand the call back to the operator for the Q&A 
session. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 

===== PAGE 6 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand regarding why customers choose Onward versus their own GCC and 
sir what is the technology capability or the service capability that we have that these own GCCs 
don't have or they can't create that's why there is stickiness with Onward versus their own 
offices? 
Jigar Mehta: 
let me explain the GCC model. GCC is nothing but a cost center of a global multinational in the 
U.S. and Europe, or other parts of the Western world, which comes to India for lower cost and 
a large supply base. That supply base, over a 5, 10, 15, or 20-year process, gets built into a 
capability center where they actually deliver solutions, products, and intellectual property. 
 
So, there are two different parts of a GCC, but just to simplify the answer, all global companies 
are extremely clear that the GCC, the cost center that they have created in India, is only for 
particular capability. They are not meant to do everything. So, while they might come into India 
for AI and digital engineering, entire embedded and mechanical engineering is outsourced to 
several other suppliers. So, it’s not only Onward Tech, there are always about five or six other 
suppliers. We always see the top five ER&D companies that you know of, which are all publicly 
traded and have been there for the last decade.  
 
Number two, the traditional outsourcing model says 70% of the work is done in-house and 30% 
is outsourced. We come in on the 30% outsourcing side, and I think that flexibility and agility 
are what they always expect from suppliers. So, 70% of the work they will do in-house. Let’s 
say they have a GCC of 5,000 engineers, 3,500 will be their own employees, and 1,500 will be 
between Onward Tech and other large ER&D service providers.  
 
The third part of the question is on the capability side. Every customer is a unique proposition 
based on the three verticals that we have. For each customer, we have identified a niche area 
where we have built an ODC or a managed service desk that is exclusively for that customer. 
So, we build deep capabilities for a particular customer based on the RFQs or requirements they 
have for the next three to five years. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, my next question was on, sir, I read that currently, most of our revenue comes from time 
and material contract. So how do we see this mix changing from time and material to either 
outcome-based or IP-led contracts? So I understand that a large part of LTT growth has come 
from these IP-led contracts where the customer stickiness increases much more than these time 
and material contracts. So how do we see onward moving our revenue mix from this time and 
material contract to the other kind of contracts? 
Jigar Mehta: 
As I’ve shared earlier, I personally have no plans to change the mix. I like time and material to 
be at 90%. Please keep in mind, Onward Tech is a young company. Let’s say we’ll end up around 
INR 550-odd crores of revenue. 
 
Our goal continues to remain at 90% T&M, at least until we get to $100 million or INR 1,000 
crores of revenue. Then we will relook at the strategy for the the next INR 1,000 crores to INR 
2,000 crores, But from where we are today to get to INR 1,000 crores, I think time and material 
is a great business model for us. It’s very steady. It’s very dependable. It’s very sustainable. 

===== PAGE 7 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
 
 It gives the customer a lot of flexibility, that’s why customers love us. Our cash flows are very 
stable. You can see the cash generation we have delivered. We have been able to pay dividends 
to shareholders like yourselves for the last 10 years in a row, and I think we will continue to 
sustain that, if not grow it, over the next several years. That’s the business I would like to be in, 
at least for now, a very sustainable, focused model where we add value to customers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dhruvin Doshi from NV Alpha. 
Dhruvin Doshi: 
Jigar, my question to you would be, on the long-term trajectory path, we aspire to reach INR 
1,000 crores of revenue. I'm assuming that there will also be a component of an inorganic growth 
that would come in to achieve this in order to double our revenue from currently where we are. 
 
So, any update on acquisition that you have thought of anything that you're evaluating? And just 
your sense on that, how the inorganic part will play in terms of reaching this INR 1,000 crores 
of revenue? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Ever since PE Convergent came in, we’ve always looked at acquisitions very seriously, so we 
continue to remain open. The best acquisition for us, as I’ve shared earlier, would be where we 
are buying out or getting an opportunity to acquire a competitor who is already serving our 
existing customers. We have 70-odd customers today. 
 
So, the best strategy, the best approach, at least from where we are today, is aligned to that. We 
are always open to it. As of today, we continue to focus primarily on inbound opportunities, 
where several companies reach out to us, or our customers ask us to look at certain suppliers 
who may not be doing well or are looking to exit for whatever reason, and we’ve been open to 
that. 
 
We haven’t found the perfect blend yet, but we continue to engage with them. Our Board is 
engaged as well. The Convergent team, and Harsha and his team, have been very helpful there 
too. So, we remain open to opportunities. If something comes up, you will obviously be among 
the first to know. That said, we are not looking at buying just for the sake of revenue. When it 
happens, we will be the first to communicate it. 
 
Dhruvin Doshi: 
Okay. Got it. So, there's no immediate update or immediate actionable on that part at least for 
now? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Correct.  
Dhruvin Doshi: 
Understood. Got it. Secondly, on the margins front, I just want to understand, I guess, ex of this 
onetime labor code impact cost, we've done an all-time high EBITDA margins. If you just could 
throw some more light on the sustainability of these margins and how do you see them going 
ahead? 
 
Was it also because you mentioned about furloughs and Q3 being the busy quarter for you with 
a lot of layoffs also happening. So was it also led by that? I mean, because of we laid off a lot of 

===== PAGE 8 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
employees. And I just want to understand on that front, I mean, the sustainability of these 
margins going ahead? 
Jigar Mehta: 
I’ll go back to my projections, or what we shared with you and everybody last year. We were at 
9% EBITDA last year, and we shared that we would grow to double-digit EBITDA. At that point 
in time, nobody believed us, and all the analysts and investors were asking us, is it possible? We 
are a high-volume, low-cost company 
 
So, our goal was, how do we get to double-digit EBITDA, 11% to 12%, which included a 
significant portion of investments in the H1B on-site program and offshore. The H1B program 
is gone, which means most customer engagements have led to substantial offshore work for us. 
I think our team executed a brilliant strategy where we were ready for offshore work. Our design 
centers were ready. We upgraded a lot of our centers, and that led to margin expansion, just to 
keep things practical. 
 
On the furlough side, it was more about the fact that we had already budgeted for that from an 
annual perspective. So, we don’t really look at Onward’s numbers on a quarterly basis as such, 
right? Yes, we are a listed company, and we want to maintain hygiene, but our focus continues 
to remain on an annual basis, deliver double digit on revenue and double digit on EBITDA. Very 
honestly, for us, 11% to 12% was the goal for this year. So yes, 12% is what we are budgeting 
very well for, and that’s sustainable. Everything else on top of that depends on how well our 
teams execute the strategy. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
I had a couple of questions. So, sir, one is strategy going ahead. So, like you mentioned that you 
are a small company and this size guiding for a double-digit growth is a little bit lower in my 
opinion because the size is such that you could probably grow at a much faster pace than this 
10%, 11% sort of a growth trajectory. 
 
So, wanted to understand what is the constraint when we think about growth? Why can't we, for 
example, double in next 3 years rather than grow by only 30%, 40% in the next 3 years. So what 
do you see are the constraints why we can't grow despite having a lower size? 
 
Second question is that earlier you had mentioned that you have these 2,500-odd employees and 
you had the same number of employees many years back also. So, if we now think about growing 
from the current level, what kind of capacity addition in terms of employees do you think you 
want to do or what is required to be done? Or will you be able to continue getting to a different 
scale altogether with the same employee base? These are the 2 questions. 
Jigar Mehta: 
I think I’ve answered this earlier as well but let me re-emphasize or rephrase what I shared 
earlier. Where we are today is, again, the best it’s ever been. And when I talk about the 
projections that we have given to everybody, to all our shareholders, stakeholders, and the Board, 
it is that we can deliver double-digit EBITDA and revenue growth based on the external factors 
that are there. 

===== PAGE 9 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
 
Can we grow faster than that? Absolutely, we can grow faster. There are no limitations. I think 
it’s all about executing towards where we need to get to. And execution, for us, is more about 
building delivery capabilities, and everything needs to move into a mature cycle. Please keep in 
mind, we’re not an IT company; we’re an engineering company. On the engineering side, we’ve 
had some of the best consultants come and tell us that we are the fastest-growing organic 
company over the last three to four years. There’s no company, bigger or smaller, that has grown 
faster than us organically. Yes, through acquisitions, some companies have grown much more 
and show bigger numbers, but not organically. In engineering, you have to build capabilities, 
you have to build trust, and only then do things happen. It doesn’t happen overnight. And we 
are at that stage right now. 
 
As I said, we have hired a very strong leadership team. They are building the second and third 
layers right now, while having inherited an outstanding team. They are also going to add a lot 
more as we migrate more and more towards digital and AI. So, it’s a process that takes time. We 
want to make sure we are always doing a very high-quality job for our customers. In IT, it’s 
very different, people come and go, and it’s a very different mindset. Our goal is to make sure 
we deliver high-quality engineering solutions for our customers, where we own the SLAs and 
ramp up from there. So double digit is really about showing the confidence we have as a 
leadership team in what we can deliver over the next three years. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Last thing, headcount? 
Jigar Mehta: 
On the headcount side, I continue to believe we are at about 2,500-odd people. I think we have 
excellent teams doing a fantastic job. We’ve spent a lot of money on automation as well, which 
is simplifying workflows. So, headcount-wise, I think by the time we get to $100 million, we 
should be about 3,000-odd employees. Keep in mind, the majority of the growth is going to 
come from the U.S. and Europe  regions.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And sir, when you are competing with other vendors for various new proposals, what are 
you exactly competing on? Is it the past work that you have done or is it the pricing of these 
contracts or  differentiated capabilities? So if you can throw some light on how does that 
selection of Onward vis-a-vis other competitors happen from the customer's point of view? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Let’s say, for example, the first part of the engineering business is to become a qualified supplier. 
 
To become a qualified supplier to the largest companies in each vertical we operate in, we have 
to do a lot of capability presentations, client references, pilot projects, POC work, financial 
check, credit ratings, etc ranging anywhere from three months to three years. That is strictly 
based on your in-house delivery capability. 
 
You’re not allowed to subcontract that. You cannot outsource it. There is no cost angle involved 
there, it’s something you have to do. This work could be paid, or it could be complimentary, 
where you are investing upfront to win the customer and, more importantly, win the customer’s 
trust. 

===== PAGE 10 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
 
Once you do that, the customer doesn’t select you only for one particular line of business, which 
could be mechanical engineering, robotics, Embedded Electronics, or digital and AI. I’m giving 
you a very broad perspective. 
 
Now, once a particular part of Onward is identified as being strong on, let’s say, the digital side 
for a customer, there is a standard rate card that applies to us and the largest three companies in 
the world. There is no difference in terms of the rate card, that’s the standard rate card the OEM 
gives all of us. There is no special treatment for anybody, as far as we understand. Now, based 
on the complexity of the work, the customer may prefer to increase the rate significantly or 
reduce it, because that is driven by the cost of people and personnel. That’s how it works. 
Whether it is fixed price or time and material doesn’t really matter, at least from my 
understanding. 
 
That’s where we come in. The third part, where the real differentiation comes in, is when we 
start bidding for larger projects. It’s about how you want to bid for the project, whether as 
managed services, outcome-based, time and material, or by lowering your rate in the final cost. 
That strategy changes dynamically every day.  
 
Some very large, multi-billion-dollar companies like to do outcome-based work. Young 
companies like ours prefer time and material. And then the customer has a preference. For XYZ 
RFQ, they might prefer time and material, that’s why we win. For XYZ, they might prefer 
outcome-based, and someone else may win. 
 
Sometimes, at the city level, customers are very clear that they only want to go to Pune or 
Hyderabad or Chennai. If we are the only supplier from that city, we get a preference. So it’s 
very dynamic. There is no fixed thing. But standardization is based on your in-house delivery 
capability and your ability to continuously invest in the future. You might be great at something 
today, but tomorrow the customers’ needs will change. You need the level of cash flows, vision, 
and delivery capability to ramp up, invest in new areas, and take that risk along with the 
customer. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jayshree Bajaj from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Jayshree Bajaj: 
So my first question is India is accounting for 50% of revenue by geography. So that means 
India geography like we don't have any domestic customers. So does this indicate that half of 
our global contracts are being built through Indian subsidiaries of global OEMs? Or is this purely 
a reflection of offshore delivery center accounting? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Yes, it’s a combination of 2 points. Our revenues from our GCC client clients and revenues from 
our UK clients, being a branch office of the parent company.  
Jayshree Bajaj: 
And how does this impact our tech optimization and currency hedging strategies? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Not much, We are only hedging the balance 50%. As a company,  we are conservative. 
 
Predominantly, we are hedging our offshore revenue from the U.S. and Germany. Germany is 
still very small, predominantly, it’s the U.S. 

===== PAGE 11 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
Jayshree Bajaj: 
Okay. And my second question is, we have a cash and bank reserves of INR 116 crores. As you 
have stated today also that we are not focusing on M&A other than competing suppliers for 
existing clients. So rather than can we look for acquiring specialized capabilities in high-growth 
areas like cybersecurity or NLP where we don't work right now? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Absolutely, it’s an opportunity, cybersecurity is a superb area, along with many other areas. So, 
we are open to all of that. As I said, we have looked at acquisitions, we have looked at buyback 
options as well. We have also discussed rational dividend options at the Board level. 
 
We have looked at multiple other things as well, buying more assets, creating a campus in Pune 
and Chennai. So, we’re constantly evaluating. We have a very young, dynamic team. We have 
a very dynamic CFO and a very strong finance team. So, we are constantly on the go, every day. 
But we don’t want to do anything just for the short term, just to please one quarter or someone. 
We want to do things that are long-term and sustainable. That’s what Onward Tech stands for. 
We have a beautiful legacy, we want to keep growing, and I know we can keep winning, as we 
have done over the last five years. 
Jayshree Bajaj: 
Okay. So, can we expect something in the near future regarding this? Any acquisition or 
anything? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Yes, we are evaluating.  As I’ve said earlier, my bigger dream is to have six months of payroll 
cash on hand, so that what we went through as an organization, and what the whole world went 
through during the pandemic, should never happen again. 
 
So, there are a lot of things we can do with positive cash flow. I think we will easily be at double 
where we are today, two or three years down the line. So, I think it’s a very exciting phase for 
us. We just have to make sure we don’t do anything short term.  
 
I’ve been very fortunate to have an amazing Board, which is constantly guiding me in that 
direction. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Burramsetty Suresh from Burrams Financials. 
Burramsetty Suresh: 
Sir, you are sitting on cash, but you go for acquisition and go for any special dividend or you 
can use the funds on expansion plans. Sir, revenue continue next quarter or other quarters also, 
it will be continued revenue grow around 20% is possible, sir? Sir, I know little bit English. 
Hope you understand. 
Jigar Mehta: 
It’s going to be a very exciting 2026. If I understood your question correctly, we have a lot of 
options which, as I said, the Board and the management team are reviewing every day. You can 
be rest assured of that. And it is always with a long-term view, and I think it’s going to be very 
exciting. 
Burramsetty Suresh: 
Any special dividend, sir? 
Jigar Mehta: 
 It’s special only, right? I think we increased it to INR 5 a share two years ago. My job is to 
make sure I sustain that, if not grow it. So, we’re not looking at anything one-off. 

===== PAGE 12 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Burramsetty Suresh: 
Shareholder side, I am asking. But stock market wise price vary, 2, 3 years back, INR 800, it 
will trade around Onward. Company is growing good, but I am not asking price increase. But 
why is the market will take Onward is the price not take good shape? 
Jigar Mehta: 
I’m not an expert on the market. I enjoy building an organization, and I think that’s what I can 
focus on. But I’m sure the price recovery will happen as my team and I continue delivering good, 
positive, progressive results every day. The rest I will leave to the Board to guide us, if there’s 
anything that comes up in the Q4 Board meeting. 
Burramsetty Suresh: 
Any buyback options are there in near future. You have told. But promoters, any buyback or any 
announcements are there? 
Jigar Mehta: 
the option is under consideration and as I said, we are progressively always looking at the best 
options for Onward Tech and all our shareholders. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Prasenjit Paul from Paul Asset. 
Prasenjit Paul: 
So, my first question is regarding the court order. So as we can see in the footnote that there is 
an ex parte order from the Circuit Court, and there are some frozen cash. So kindly help me to 
understand like what are the chances of getting favorable order? And in case of ultimately, we 
receive some unfavorable order, what's the maximum hit we can take on profit and loss account 
in any quarter? 
Jigar Mehta: 
I don’t think, it’s a case of an ex-employee who left on his own due to non-performance. That’s 
all I know. He was a sales guy in my in my U.S. organization. We’re just following the legal 
process. One of our Board members is guiding us. We’ve hired the best lawyers to defend us, 
and we have all the supporting documentation with us. 
 
As for everyone on our side, we have all the supporting to show that we have done nothing 
wrong. All dues have been paid. Everything is exactly as per our contract. The rest is being 
handled by my HR team and my sales leadership, they are in touch with the lawyers. So, we 
have not heard back anything yet. 
In terms of impact, we will follow the legal course. It’s not about whether we can afford it or 
not. I believe, we should win as we have followed the right process. We’ve never had a legal 
case against Onward Tech in our history. If it goes wrong against ujs, then we have to figure out 
why it went wrong and make sure it never happens again. But so far, from where I stand, what 
I have seen, what the Board has seen, and what our lawyers have seen, we have all the supporting 
to show that we have paid this ex-employee just as we have paid thousands of other ex-
employees across the world on time, with very strong documentation. 
Prasenjit Paul: 
Okay. So, in case the worst possible outcome, so what would be the hit on the P&L we can get? 
Jigar Mehta: 
I would not know. As I said, it’s too early to say any of these things because we will keep 
fighting. There’s nothing going to be decided today or tomorrow. So, I can only share what we 
know. Both the lawyers of this ex-employee have already quit after our lawyers submitted all 
the documentation to the courts. So far, that’s all the information we have. 

===== PAGE 13 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
Prasenjit Paul: 
Okay. And sir, next question is, so we are finally at around 14%, 15% kind of EBITDA margin. 
But just answering to some previous participant, you mentioned you had targeted around 11%, 
12% and anything top of that is a bonus. So, can we expect going forward, the margin will come 
down to 11%, 12% or this 15% kind of range is sustainable? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Again, I’m not playing a daily, weekly, or quarterly game. Annually is what I projected a year 
ago, or nine months back. I’m very pleased with my team’s performance, and the Board also 
acknowledged that they are very happy with our team’s performance. That’s what we are 
focusing on. Next year, our goal is, again, whatever number we are at, to be at double digits. 
That’s what the budgeting reflects as we speak. Budgeting will be closed, as we always do, by 
February 15th.   
Prasenjit Paul: 
Okay. So that is still maintaining this mid-teen kind of margin goal over the longer run or like 
instead of mid-teen, you are expecting 11%, 12% kind of if I consider the long-term goal? 
Jigar Mehta: 
yes,  as percurrent visibility, we’ll aim to deliver double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth from 
the previous year organically. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Harsh Chaurasia from Orbit Exports Family Office. 
Harsh Chaurasia: 
I had one question, sir. Mainly, I wanted to understand how is the demand environment working 
broadly in the 3 verticals which you are working on? Apart from that, one of the calls in like the 
peer companies in India, ER&D, they called out like the demand is improving, but it is in some 
pockets of technology where the clients are doing the spending. 
So, wanted to understand in our top 5 or top 10 clients, what kind of spending or area of spending 
they're looking out? And is Onward well positioned to get benefit out of that? So that was my 
first question. 
Jigar Mehta: 
The demand is improving every day. I don’t think Onward Tech has ever had a challenge in 
terms of demand because we are not trying to get new customers, we are focusing on existing 
customers. We are not even 1% of our customers’ outsourcing budget today. So, you can 
understand the runway for the next several years. 
It’s about building trust, capability, and deep domain expertise in various markets. Just because 
I’m supporting a customer in the U.S. doesn’t mean I will get the same business from the same 
customer in the U.K. You have to build the U.K. capabilities and the whole process that goes 
with it. 
From our perspective, I think demand has always been positive. 
Harsh Chaurasia; 
When I see the current bandwidth of the organization is like we can't go to every client and get 
all the revenue potential we have. So are we targeting like set of customers like top 25, top 30 
customers where we are going to penetrate significantly in the next 2 to 3 years. And how are 
we going to do that? And what kind of investments we are doing from a technology perspective 
or improving our team? 

===== PAGE 14 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
And apart from that, I wanted to understand in the top 5 clients, like on an average, we have INR 
50 crores to INR 55 crores of revenue per client. So how much would be your wallet share in 
top 5 clients? 
And when you look to the client, the opportunity presented to you, do you find any low-hanging 
fruit like where Onward can do the investments and accelerate their growth in top 5 clients? 
Because historically, we have seen in all the R&D companies, there are 3 to 4 anchor clients 
where they do the majority of the lift up. So that's how the perspective is coming. 
Jigar Mehta: 
I’ve shared this earlier as well. So, what are the top 25 clients? Top 25 clients is not a fixed set 
of 25 companies that exist the same every year. For us, or any other services company, the top 
25 clients can change every year.  
We do budgeting with customers last quarter, with others this quarter, based on their cycles and 
how their governance meetings are scheduled. Then the customer comes back and says, Okay, 
Onward Technologies, we love the work you’ve done in so-and-so area. We didn’t like what 
you did in XYZ area. And in the areas where you’re doing a great job, we want to make sure 
you can ramp up capacity and capability by 30% or 40%. So, in this way, you have meetings 
with all 70 customers. 
From those, you identify which companies are counting on you, which are progressive, and 
where you can grow much faster. These are the ones that eventually deliver the double-digit 
revenue and EBITDA growth we share with our shareholders. We sit together as leadership 
teams and go deep into that. So, we don’t try to win all 70 battles, it’s impossible. It’s always 
about budgeting. 
Number two, please keep in mind, we’re an engineering company, not IT. Budgeting doesn’t 
happen every day. Once it happens, you’re part of it. Within the 70 customers, we’re probably 
not even part of the budgeting exercise in the bottom 20–30%, because there might be new 
suppliers. We have to build trust, build credibility, and establish a presence in those customer 
accounts. We’re still transactional there. They just add us as a challenger and say, show us what 
you can do. That’s where we are. So, for us, that's how we are structured. 
In terms of low-hanging fruits, there are many opportunities.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Abhijit from PI Asset. 
Abhijit: 
You mentioned that the majority of the business going forward will come from U.S. In this 
quarter, U.S. accounted for 30% of the revenue. So, what is your internal target for this mix over 
the next 2 to 3 years? Are you looking at say, 50% contribution? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Yes, there is a clear opportunity in the US region.  
Abhijit: 
Yes. The reason I ask is because if the contribution increases, the impact on the blended margin 
will be higher. So, does the U.S. margin has higher margin as compared with the other 
geographies? 

===== PAGE 15 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
Jigar Mehta: 
No, I have not seen that. I’m personally more comfortable in the USA region, having studied 
there and knowing the size/ scale of opportunity there.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Amrish, an Individual Investor. 
Amrish: 
This is a follow-up to an earlier question on USD invoicing. I'm just trying to understand 
constant currency growth. To look at USD invoicing, is on-site share a good proxy? Is that 
something one can track to see what proportion is USD and what proportion is INR of our 
invoicing? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Can you elaborate, please? 
Amrish: 
So, part of our invoicing is in USD and part is in INR, and I'm trying to find a way to track this 
a bit better. So, I was wondering whether on-site share of revenue is a good proxy for USD 
invoicing. At the end of this is, I'm trying to assess constant currency growth versus INR growth. 
Jigar Mehta: 
Sure. Our IR managers at E&Y can get back to you on that. I think there are too many questions 
in one. To clarify, everything that we do outside India, besides the U.K., which is a branch office, 
is invoiced in foreign currency. Even the U.K. is invoiced in pounds, whether it’s on-site or 
offshore. That’s just how the subsidiary and transfer pricing work. So maybe we can share the 
specifics separately, and E&Y can get back to you right away.  
Amrish: 
That would be helpful. Another request just as a point on the guidance. I know you're suggesting 
a double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth, and you've given a range in the past of 10% to 12% 
revenue number. If there's any more color you could provide on EBITDA going forward because 
with operating leverage, to get double-digit revenue growth, we should get double-digit 
EBITDA growth. So, there's any additional color you can provide when you provide our 
guidance next quarter, that would be helpful? 
Jigar Mehta: 
That’s all we have right now, and we’ve given ourselves enough room to surprise you on the 
positive side, like we’ve done for the last two quarters in a row.. The potential is enormous. It’s 
all about execution. Can we grow much faster? We’ve said yes. Can EBITDA be improved 
substantially more and grow from here? Absolutely, yes. But at least from a projection 
perspective, we need to be consistent. We want to make sure we deliver on that, and we give 
ourselves enough room to surprise ourselves and you, by executing better. 
Moderator: 
Amrish please come back for follow-up question. Our next follow-up question is from the line 
of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Thank you for the opportunity once again. Sir, in FY '24, we had mentioned that we would like 
the export business to be 70% of our revenue and the India business to be 50% of our revenue. 
But that doesn't happen. So is it because that GCC business that was earlier considered to be 
export has shifted to India. That's why this is at 50-50 or we haven't been able to grow that pie 
as a whole? 
Jigar Mehta: 
No, that’s not correct. The GCC business, if you look at the industry reports in 2023 and ’24, 
was supposed to remain flat. Then the U.S. government changed, and GCC expansion in 2024, 

===== PAGE 16 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
’25, and ’26 started growing very, very fast. So, all our customers with GCCs, which were 
supposed to be flat or see negative growth, started to grow much faster. As a result, we actually 
grew our GCC business with them. 
Because of that, all our businesses started growing again. Earlier, we assumed that only our U.S. 
business would grow, and that’s where we were investing. But keep in mind, we already have 
significant investments in India and in Europe. So it’s really about all three geographies growing 
at the same time, and if that happens, I think all three will grow even faster. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And sir, if you can just help us understand regarding the project profile that we have so 
I'm trying to understand, sir, the top 10 customers are less than 50% of our revenue in FY '22, 
that has grown to close to 70% right now. So if you could just help us understand how the project 
profile of these clients have changed and sir, you mentioned that you would like to move into 
embedded vehicle software, more of the software element, more of the electronic sensors 
capabilities on that front. 
So if you could just help us understand how has the project profile changed over the years? And 
how has that helped us to increase the share of customers or top 10 customers either on project 
stickiness side or from the complexity of the order that we are getting? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Post the pandemic, we were a purely mechanical engineering company that started investing on 
the digital side. That’s where Convergent, the PE firm, came in and partnered with us on that 
journey. Today, a substantial portion of our revenue growth comes from the digital side. So, our 
entire digital revenue comes from some of our large clients. 
What has changed, and what has led to margin expansion over the last five years consistently, is 
that when you start a new client engagement, a lot of the work is initially on-site at the client 
premises, or remote or hybrid, especially during the pandemic. Today, a lot of the work that we 
do for the same clients, especially the top 10 or top 25 clients, is offshore. 
I think in the next three to five years, if we continue to do a good job, execute very well, and 
keep investing in infrastructure, data security, processes, and automation, the entire growth will 
be offshore. There will be managed services and ODCs for those clients, which will lead to 
significant capex investments at a single site, something we are ready for because we have the 
cash reserves. It will also lead to margin expansion, because offshore billing rates are obviously 
much higher than on-site billing rates. On-site billing rates are traditionally low single digits, 
and offshore rates are double digits, at least for us today. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, just a final question, sir, what would take our margins towards high teen levels from 
the 13%, 14% that we are doing currently? 
Jigar Mehta: 
We’ve crossed 5:00, so please come over to the office or visit any of our centres. We’d be very 
happy to show you around and address as many questions as possible. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jigar Mehta for closing comments. 

===== PAGE 17 =====
 
 
Onward Technologies Limited 
January 16, 2026 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
Jigar Mehta: 
Thank you. Thank you so much again. I hope I was able to answer most of your questions. If 
there is any factual data that I was not able to share, please reach out to our managers at Ernst & 
Young, and they will be able to provide that to you right away. We are very excited about the 
progress we have made in 2025. As I look forward to 2026, it looks even better, given the 
tremendous effort, the amount of work, and the quality of the team that we have today. 
So, with that, I look forward to partnering with all of you on this journey, and I’m excited to 
connect with you again a quarter from now, when we can share additional progress we’ve made. 
Thank you again and have a lovely weekend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Onward Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
